Which way is the uh, for?
Sports Radio 560 WQAM, Miami-Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
Detox to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for date and rarer.
Or count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisition or the beastly broadcasts.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
That's a lashinga, monarachawada.
We'd like to show you a, uh, uh, uh, uh, show you a new candle bent thermometer
from Pua with its gay bar tested technology.
Gentle bend is an effective, very, please, thermometer.
Never again, you need a one to stick a thermometer in your mouth or a gerom
because the gentleman is so fond of the shoes.
There's never been anything like it.
It's fast, accurate, and it's a bear when you want it.
Ooh.
My temperature still hasn't gone down.
New gentle, gentle thermometer from Pua with special patents is don't ask, don't tell in certain times.
Maybe your husband would like one.
Or maybe not 10 or 2 at 560 WQAM.
So anyway, which way is up and which way is down?
Everybody in a audience who wears glasses, boy, this is a, who is that?
Who are those people in there?
I can't even see who the hell is.
And you know something, I must be living right.
I'll tell you one thing.
Thank you.
It must be doing a lot of things right.
Oh, look, it's all the contests.
You know how I know that many models are.
No, the nose was glowing like Rudolph.
But at any rate, so I must be living right.
Because I'm sitting here this morning, of course, when you get to go on vacation tomorrow, like many of us are.
This is the perfect time for it to happen.
And I take my glasses off as luck would have it.
And I'm like cleaning them off.
And the lens pops out right in the counter here.
The lens pops out.
And there's that damn little screw in there.
Everybody that wears glasses, you know what I'm talking about.
You know what I'm talking about?
I'm talking about the paint in the ass.
And no, I'm not getting contacts.
I've tried that once.
That's even a bigger paint in the ass.
They get schmootsy.
And they move around.
And they fall out.
And your eyes get watery.
And they get blurry.
And then you're walking around like, which way is up?
And that's that stuff.
Forget it.
Not for me.
But at any rate, I mean glasses I've worn since I was 13 years old.
So that's about 80 years.
I'm used to them.
But it's just a general paint in the ass.
And so I, you know, and Peter Leonard,
and our sales department, God bless you, Peter.
And where the hell are you, by the way?
So he happens to have one of those little kids with a little tiny screwdriver
and the spares screws and all the eye glass kit.
Because he wears glasses.
So he comes rushing up here with the thing.
And I get the little screwdriver out.
And I'm, which I've had plenty of practice screwing it.
And the thing too.
And you know how you do it.
You screw this through part way in there.
You pop your lens in and you tighten it up.
Well, the problem is that the lens, the frames, it's stripped.
It's stripped.
We have an eye glass emergency.
I'm going on vacation.
And here I've got eye glasses that are like stripped.
A lot of things that people like to have stripped,
but not their eye glass frames.
So in other words, the screw won't stay in there.
So now we've got to find a place in Georgia's frantically calling all around.
So sometime between now and like within the next hour,
at the latest, we've got to find a joint around here.
Did that place ever call you back?
By the way, the one you left a message on that supposedly opens at 10 o'clock?
You know, what kind of a business opens at 10 o'clock in the morning?
I don't get that.
Of course, this is kind of a lazy place down here, you know?
Very laid back, the deep south.
It's the summertime.
It's very hot.
It's tropical.
It's 100 degrees in the shade.
It's pouring down rain every five minutes.
And as a result, they will open up.
It's kind of like the Italian idea, you know?
In Italy.
We'll open up whenever we feel like it.
And we're good and ready.
And then we'll go take a nap for a few hours.
And when we feel like coming back, we'll let you know.
That's how they do business.
So maybe we can find, maybe somebody in the beginning,
because I don't want to burden the whole audience.
This isn't very exciting.
And I'm sure most of the people in the audience would rather continue.
I mean, yeah, I got some more things to say about that,
but it's so old and tired, you know?
And by the way, I must confess I can't stop watching channel for news.
And happy birthday to Dufflinzy and Bob Soeper today.
How do you like that?
Oh!
I would play the thing here, but I'm not going to, I can't see anything.
Well, actually I'm near sighted, so I can't see all the glow,
all the clothes stuff, the good stuff.
If I get it real close, I can see it.
If it's good.
Happy birthday, Bob Soeper and Dufflinzy.
You're not necessarily in that order.
And I can't stop watching channel for news in the track last night.
And at silly goose, Angela Ray, who I think is losing it,
she's doing this pull.
And she cracked up not once but twice,
and just lost it.
And the second time, it was like five minutes before they put it back on camera again.
She's losing it.
I wonder, I wonder if she's got a feather in her neck.
Recto something.
Huh?
Don't get too excited about that man.
You're welcome, okay.
Who is that?
It's Duff, okay.
See, he knows I can't see who it is, so he's giving you a big son of dance.
I mean, it's a, you know, happy birthday.
Not that we like you that much, but you're okay.
But at any rate, so what was I just saying before he had disrupted the whole guy named Thignir?
I'm not such a rule here about the channel for Angela Ray.
And also the poll she's taken, the poll is, and I thought to myself,
what a loaded, quite no wonder she was laughing.
Loaded question.
And then when you find out the result, that's the amazing part.
The poll was, do you approve of the Coast Guard's handling of the refugee crisis the other day?
And I thought, Jesus, that's going to be overwhelmingly, no.
No, people are going to say no.
We have the pepper spray and the, all this other.
So they had the results under this morning.
72% said, yeah!
And only 28% said, oh.
How do you like that?
Because all of the people who would have said,
who would have said, no.
Or were watching 23 anyway.
Boy, so much more to say about that.
So is there any people on here that are going to fix my glasses, by the way?
Because I don't really care about anything else.
Not that I want to sound selfish, but that's all I care about right now.
He just felt like 10 minutes ago saying that he was on his way up.
What would he do?
Did he get lost?
Or something?
Did he accept him?
Like maybe a sales thing, which God forbid that a salesman should be working on a sales thing,
or like stuff like that.
This is the number one priority.
I mean, I hate to have to start ripping them now after he came up here and was such a nice guy.
And I said, I'd speak nice about him today.
Even if he has been concerning with, I mean, see, I don't understand this thing about this business.
He's on the phone this morning with Bob Green, and he's talking to David Ross over there at Queer Channel.
What is that?
Is this like a fraternity or is this a business?
I'm not interested in talking to Bob Green or David Ross.
Don't think it's personal Bob unless you want to, but I mean, no, that's, uh, got nothing to say to you.
Have a nice day, Bob, you know that.
When I worked there, I had nothing to say to him.
Anyway, of course, that's the big story in town is that the planet is now history.
We had taps.
We don't have taps.
We used to.
Yeah, we would play it for the planet, WPLL.
Another, was that Ron of that came up with that one of those geniuses there at Queer Channel?
Let's play Peter Boulder.
Yeah, probably was Peter Boulder.
The planet is history.
Yeah.
And now 103.5, which used to be the great she, of course, which was the bedrock, the centerpiece of FM in this market.
And then Queer Channel and packs it.
We're first packed in the Queer Channel, but you didn't destroy it.
It was really packed in that.
Done it.
And now it's going to be WMGE.
Just what we need.
It's going to be, uh, 1974 to 81 old light rock pop.
Whatever it's got.
Who knows what it's going to be?
It says among those will be most often.
And will be Gloria Estefan and Casey and the Sunshine Band.
Don't take it personal, Casey.
You're okay, but who wants to hear you music again?
As well as Motown favorites, Culture Club, Cool in the Gang and Madonna.
Oh, man, just what we needed.
Another stiff.
Well, it was a stiff already.
They had like a one something in the last train that they finally said,
I don't think that's going to make it.
Let's blow it up and do something else.
Let's screw it up with some other crappy format.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to put in my two cents on what happened on the cause.
We have another day.
I was, I was down the stage.
I can't believe that, you know, a group of people that the best of the best that they send over here,
that running into office, all they do is repost the country and take our tax dollars and, you know,
put it back to the whatever color.
And how come there is a one politician or one media outlet other than a few of us on AM English language radio and FM?
A few of us.
How come nobody else is saying one thing about, you know,
this isn't the way to solve your grievances is to tie up the whole town.
Nobody has the guts to say that.
Well, no, this like, we want to bunch more people like just come over here and what do they do take over a
Broward next?
It starts about the traffic on 95.
Right.
It's just kind of got sick.
Great lock, baby.
That's what it's all about.
Great lock.
Well, that's all I had, Neil.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
Have a great day.
Nobody's calling about my glasses and the people didn't call you back.
You better call those people again.
You try them.
The ones that open at 10 o'clock right around the corner here on Mining Gardens.
I'll keep trying.
I mean, is this really like a major deal?
Because like, even if I have to get new frames, doesn't bother me.
I've got the big bucks.
I'll spring for a new frame and Peter Leonard, who was on his way up here 20 minutes ago, is turning into be less and less of a good guy every
Minute and I was time goes by here.
Comes in this morning.
No problem.
Whatever you want.
Just sucking around, sucking around, looking all over my body parts.
I mean, just like a wild man.
And I got nothing going on today.
I'll be more than happy to take those.
I mean, see, time is of the essence here.
This is now turning into a time thing.
Because if I have to leave here at two o'clock with these silly shades that JP gave me, I mean, it'll look pretty interesting,
but I won't be able to see a God damn thing.
You don't understand?
Put my channel form, by the way.
Your Roger's God.
The
Re-salesings at all.
But now they're gone too far.
Instead of living on with all.
Will 50,000 cars.
They decided to call it the wild, wild west.
No more drugs.
Same time I have to say.
They're all the cattle.
And we'll remember anyway.
Robert Conrad was the least dissonance.
But now it's so rapidly leading.
And it would want to be a little bit incorrect when turning out these crappy movies.
All right.
I can't get 50,000, oh my God.
For what Martin, this heaven's climate stays.
No.
The central travel is waiting for Alice.
And it's actually called.
They're all dead.
It's because they're all dead.
They call Dr. Love.
They are dead.
But it's they was digitally.
Oh, they proceed too much of us.
In assuming we're too dumb to go.
In 1868 all the slaves were free.
As the asynchronous of the world.
And now it's the good day.
And watch a few of the show.
What the reviews in that movie are just unbelievable.
But anyway, so speaking of that, the net view comes into this morning.
And they just won't stop doing this to me.
The QAM van will be at the Amico gas station at 2105 Biscayne Boulevard in North Miami Beach today from noon to one.
And they'll have lots of QAM goodies, whatever that means.
And wild, wild west movie stuff to give away for the people who stop by.
Whatever that means also, I haven't got any idea.
But it's free crap.
210th in Biscayne in North Miami Beach noon to one today.
The QAM van.
Look for it and go help the nephew out and give a bunch.
You know, get some free crap.
So I guess we're not going to, this to me.
This is the tip off.
This is so typical of the way business is done in this town.
We get the yellow pages, which wasn't easy by the way, finding a current yellow pages in this building.
I mean, it's just a radio station that, you know, the fact that we're in business don't confuse us.
And we finally find an OELO pages.
And we're looking under opticians in the, for a place that might be close by here to get my glasses fixed.
And there's a place like right around a corner here on Mining Gardens Drive, like a major part of a chain.
And they got a recording.
George leaves them a message.
They open at 10 o'clock.
He's calling them at 9.30.
Not only don't they call back, but he's now calling and calling and calling.
Are they very yet?
No.
It's only 10.17 in the morning.
See, this is the way we do business in this town.
Like I said, it's kind of like in Italy.
Whenever we get around to opening, maybe we'll open up.
Maybe we won't bother opening it all.
Maybe we'll just go fishing today.
Maybe we'll take off and go demonstrating and block a few streets off.
I have no idea.
Did they ever get in?
Did they ever call back?
No.
However, yes, lens crackers.
We'll do what I called like, I've spoken to four people already.
Yeah.
And everybody says the same thing.
Well, we have to see it.
We can promise anything.
Well, okay, that's what I said.
Bring it in.
We'll do it right now.
Great.
Okay. And the meantime, the moment.
Where is Peter Leonard?
Let's get a QAM search party going right now.
It is now a quarter after 10.
See, I don't want to stay down a little bit nervous about this.
But time is of the essence.
Lens crackers, it's a name.
We know they can know their stuff.
If we got to spring for new frames, no problem at all.
As long as they fit the lenses, I don't care.
But let's see where this man is.
Who came in here this morning, an hour ago,
and talked a big game.
Well, he has gone in just an hour from being a really good guy
to an invisible guy.
20 minutes, 25 minutes ago, he was on the way from the second floor
up here to the third floor.
Maybe the elevator got stuck.
You think so?
Oh, maybe he got lost in the hallway.
That could be it.
Peter, sometime this month would be good.
Okay, let's not make this into a real nip and tuck adventure.
I'd like to be able to see the other side of the wall.
Sometime before noon would be good.
God.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
My name is Sandra.
I just wanted to call and say say,
you could you save my life.
Yeah.
I was in my car about a week ago,
and you had done a show a while back,
where you were talking about waiting at the intersection
before you take off.
Right.
Because of these jerks who run the red light.
Right, don't ever trust them.
No, and usually I do, I just take off,
and I have a bet too,
and you go really fast with the intersection.
So I thought it's a light,
and I turned on my radio to your show.
And you were talking,
so I was just thinking about what you had said about not taking a bus.
Right.
So the light changed,
and I waited, and the guy next to me took off.
And somebody ran the red light,
and slashed with the guy.
Nice.
It was awful.
How do you like that?
Don't ever always assume the worst.
I mean, I hate to say that,
but when you're driving down here,
always assume that they're going to do whatever the worst is.
Don't ever trust any of them.
No, it's awful,
and I couldn't believe it.
I was like, oh my god,
Neil, please, my life.
Oh, god, my life.
I just wanted to say thank you.
And also, I wanted to say,
forget all the politics and everything else
with the Cubans and the street.
I was stuck in that traffic,
and I had the piece so bad that I never thought about that.
I got sick from it.
I was sitting in a tricop or a court.
And you know something,
if you would have gotten out and tried to squat there
next to the car,
I would have arrested you for peeing in public.
That's right.
The PIP peeing in public police.
Exactly.
Okay, sweetheart.
Exactly.
Thank you.
See you.
There you go.
I mean, there's so many different aspects of that whole thing.
Why doesn't anybody,
like in the newspapers,
anybody on television have the balls to say,
look, if you want to protest in front of the Coast Guard,
you want to go down in front of the INS,
not on the streets,
but like on a sidewalk.
They're all needed.
Georgia's got a bag over his head right now,
because he's so embarrassed with this Cuban thing.
You know, fine.
Fine.
If you do it peaceably,
and you do it in a place where you're not disrupting the rest of the community,
and pissing everybody off,
and disrupting everybody else's life.
And I'd like to get a call to you yesterday.
I said, what did the people that you were tying up there
on a junior title in the car for wherever he was?
What did they have to do with your problem?
Nothing.
Oh, well, that's an interesting.
How come you weren't thinking about that?
And not only that,
but what can...
Oh, well, we're going to get your attention as if in this community,
this story that was covered hysterically
by every local television station for hours,
and our aunt still is today,
as if they hadn't gotten the attention,
and as if Lincoln D. S. Boulart,
and Ilyana Gross-Latin,
and all these other pandewars,
no matter how the Coast Guard would have treated these six people,
as if this wouldn't have been...
Bapapapa, 24 hours a day.
So don't give me that song.
In a dance, we had to get somebody's attention.
There has never in the history of the U.S.
been a group of people who have been so catered to,
so panned or too, so coddled,
given so many exceptions to whatever the laws are.
The laws are this for everybody else,
but we'll make you an exception.
And it's always, well, you know, you're always the Bapigs,
some other guy named Excuse.
How long are we going to keep hearing that from 40 years ago already?
Okay?
It's old and it's tired,
and it's got nothing to do with...
And then the best part of the whole deal is,
I'm sitting there at the track last night,
real early, I get there at 6 o'clock.
I'm watching the local news.
And we've got this group of old get-gees on there,
about 500-year-old, there's Peter Leonard Tencott.
A Tony's a good guy.
So far.
And they're on there talking about,
wow, this is only the beginning.
You see, like many people said yesterday,
when you cave in and you keep,
you know, caving into people's demands,
they say, oh yeah, well, this is working.
Let's keep it up.
Now, where is I've got 50,000 different articles
I've clipped out here,
but where's the one that's got the name of this group?
Just, oh, and of course,
the smuggling story would not have to post-imagine that these guys were in real good shape
and that a lot of most people are thinking was, you know,
a smuggling ring that caught them to wherever they were,
which is what usually goes on.
Oh yeah, and you're not supposed to say that.
So here it is.
The Huntab Patriotica Cubana,
an umbrella group that encompasses 156 exiled groups,
is planning a large protest again on Saturday,
to condemn the U.S. policy toward Cuban immigrants.
They release no specifics on the event yesterday.
Authorities anger the exiles by publicizing their suspicions
that the six refugees had paid smugglers to guide them into U.S. water.
They were the men denied it.
But they were in pretty damn good shape for guys
that were supposed to be out there at sea
and their little robot forgot only those how many days.
No blisters, no sunburn,
not me real bad sunburn, no dehydration,
clothed nicely in the whole deal.
Real good shape for guys who were supposed to be a drifted sea,
wandering their way up here for days on end.
And all you have to do is say something that doesn't,
you know, it just doesn't smell the right flavor.
Oh boy, well, we're going to show you again on Saturday.
It's unacceptable.
I don't give a crap how many of you assholes on television
and in the newspapers,
both newspapers today, of course,
the Harold and the Sun Central,
with editorials,
the Sun Central just barely mentions the disruption of the protest,
but nobody condemns it.
Nobody has got the concept, like I said, for a few of a summer radio.
Nobody's got the cohorts in his town to say,
this crap has got to stop.
These people who's lives you destroying
have got nothing to do with your grievances,
whatever the LAR.
God, what does it take to command in this business?
And last night, they say,
okay, the INS agrees these guys can stay here.
Hallelujah, okay.
Is that good enough?
No.
That's still not good enough.
We're going to continue doing more and more and more
until whatever you just came in.
And like so many people have said,
and right on target,
if this would have been a bunch of Haitians protesting
the immigration policies with the Haitians,
or if it would have been a bunch of black people protesting
anything they might have had in pro,
or anybody else.
Just like when Castanovas and Amlet and those people
over on the little Havana yesterday,
and they're blocking off traffic,
how do you like it now?
And here come the cops along.
If you don't get off the street,
we're going to throw your ass in jail.
So not only do we have separate immigration policies,
and all sorts of other policies,
and exceptions for groups of people in his town,
and we have politicians,
including Mayor Penis,
who are the mayor only for certain ethnic groups in his town,
but also we have law enforcement
for certain groups of people in this town.
If you happen to be Cuban,
you can go out there and do whatever you want on the street.
It's basically the message that you're sending right now.
If you're pissed off and fired up,
but if you're not,
even like Puerto Rican,
you better cut the crap,
because we're not going to put up with it.
Your ass will be in jail.
They should have brought every dam,
the riot police,
everybody necessary,
and cleared those dams.
This was a potentially life-threatening situation the other night.
And instead of caving and caving and caving and pandering
all the time,
they should have one time said,
hey, guess what?
We got a lot of jail cells.
We're going to fill them up with all you assholes,
because this isn't the way to run a railroad.
I'm not going to tolerate this.
But the problem is,
all the rest of us here in South Florida,
we got nobody.
We have no constituency, man.
We got no spokesman to go to bat forest.
While every other politician in town is vending over backward,
then hyperventilating,
you try to win the most brown,
brownies,
sucker-round points.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Down in Andrews in the broader Boulevard,
it's a four-lotterdale,
and there's a guy out here with a big ol' sign saying,
send all the Cuban back,
and the new station is here.
I don't know what kind of reaction we're going to get from it,
but still,
it looks like a lot of people stop it and open them.
It's one guy, if you think so.
That just shows you how the white people all stick together.
Send them back.
Okay, thanks so much, sir.
Send them back, as we said.
Okay, we'll see you, George.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
George, by the way, is Yvuss Lavi,
and he don't want to tell you about it.
That's kind of embarrassing.
It's not, you know, one of the most popular ethnicities,
and they've had all those problems over there recently.
So, Serbian, thank you very much.
Right.
Barbarian.
Here's a mobile and Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Going back to what you said a few minutes ago,
I'm so advertising in this town,
and I can't tell you how many people say their ads don't work.
Yet, you shouldn't, they're calling, you know, four or five different ads,
and nobody can, you're looking to spend your money,
and nobody can accommodate you.
These people spend thousands of dollars on advertising.
Right.
Yet, they don't answer their phone,
and they open up whenever they want.
How do you like that?
I mean, this guy, these people,
and it's a, what was the name of this place, by the way, George?
The one that isn't open and doesn't return your call?
DJ.
DJ.
I mean, you see those optical places, all over the place,
and I'm not choosing.
I mean, as long as it's a name that we've heard of before,
you know, it's just an emergency situation,
giving me some things that are going to stick together,
and that's it.
You're ready to spend your money?
You can't spend it.
Right.
That's just my point.
This town sucks later.
Okay, thank you.
Well, it's like the time that I wanted to buy the damn CD, a thing.
Well, you know, Bokeh Brown from our friends up here.
What was the name of that joint?
I don't even remember the name of that place,
because I never heard of it before.
The CD?
Van Mug.
Goodie or...
Van something or whatever.
What's the name of that joint?
Van Mug.
Yeah, San As.
Yeah.
Ash Hall.
Beckham.
Oh, yeah.
Well, you know, we can't leave the store without paying,
and then you can't...
I mean, I had 75...
I mean, they know who I am.
Okay?
There's somebody over there who's a fan of mine in the store.
Yeah, but we have store rules,
and we can't take Brian Secles.
He's a deadbeat.
We can...
So fine.
You know, by the time we got through with that song of the dance
that production,
like the guy says,
you're trying to spend your money,
but all well.
We can't do it that way.
Okay.
But without your ass, you know?
San As.
Oh, boy.
It's great having these shades on and taking them off.
Like, oh, wow.
Look at that.
You're hard out, Pete Bozer.
Just starting this Monday.
Only on 560 WQAM.
It's the OJ Simpson,
Water Nazi and Roy.
Foster Show.
60 GEN A.M. Monday through Friday.
Only on 560 WQAM.
You A.M.
1035 FAD RADY.
60 WQAM.
Okay.
Calm down.
Thinking of the OJ, by the way,
if you're interested in Cocoa Plum,
why don't you keep sending out as what it says?
And also Jose Lambiett
and his marginal software insider columnist one,
which I do read because there might occasionally be something
we want to talk about on the air.
Says that Jackie Nesperol has in common with politically connected
Maldon Delber Michael Swartlow,
that they both live in Cocoa Plum,
and they're terrified that their property values will be going...
I don't think they have to worry about it.
Be going down.
Because I don't think OJ will be going to move in in there,
because the residents, they're overwhelmingly say,
do they want them there?
No.
And if and when he fills out the application in Paisers 7 grand
to try to get in there, they're going to all say,
no.
Sorry.
The association is going to say,
well, we did a personal check and a queta check.
We're not too crazy about murderers moving in here.
The answer is, no.
Right.
Go move in with it.
Okay, so we're going to play that clip,
because, let me set this up for a second,
because I'm beginning to discover we've got the anti-neil.
See, and it's interesting,
you look at this trend that came out the other day,
the morning.
See, my show and Hank show,
evidently, there's no crossover with the morning show.
Because there seems to be, like,
when I go out, Hank goes up a little bit,
he goes down to 10th,
I go, there seems to be, like, some carryover
between 10, 8 and 6 p.m.
But the morning, they're like in their own separate world.
I got their own agenda.
And even though they had all those buyer-dye reasonous last trend,
and that Tony liked the list this year,
which made it look like they went up and they really didn't.
But nevertheless,
so whatever Neal says in the morning,
it's like, we're going to be the anti-neil.
Including some of the people that work on the show.
I want to mention Donnie B,
because up till I heard that he was kissing Chris Moore's ass,
and going on about how great Chris Moore was,
I thought he was a pretty good guy.
You know, I never stole a freight train.
Not great, but okay.
Now we're finding out that he's an asshole.
Yeah.
And here's another example of it.
5-6-7-0, 5-60,
toll-free in South Florida,
or pound 5-60 if you're a mobile one customer
driving around this rain once again.
Yeah.
And there he is,
giving shout out to Todd Greck.
Yeah, they love him in here in the morning, by the way.
Yeah, he goes in there.
See, he's not,
that's why he don't have time to be servicing these accounts in here.
Like the one that's still dated 11, 16, 98,
that piece of copy.
It's getting close to a year old, by the way, now.
The one that he came here and stormed around
and made the big smist last time I kicked his freaking ass out of here
a couple weeks ago.
Haven't seen him since.
He don't have time for that,
because he's busy smoothing with the morning guys in there,
including Donnie B.
It's unbelievable.
I mean, we always thought Donnie B was a good guy
to last couple of weeks,
and then we find out he's an asshole.
How do you like that?
I mean, the beast we like him.
Uh-huh.
Tommy, a great guy.
Jason, now Jason was a good guy,
until he started sucking him out too much for food the other day.
That was a little bit over the edge.
And believe me,
you don't need a sweetheart, okay, Jason?
Off the food.
Messed in a couple of lunches this week,
wouldn't be a bad idea.
In fact, every week,
a couple of young kippers a week
would be good for us, Jason, all of us.
But sucking up to Todd Greck,
I mean, this is like, yeah, he demand, you demand.
That's the thing in there.
Rather than taking care of his,
he runs around a building,
stirring up crap.
He's the anti-neil, Todd Greck.
And there's one of his disciples, Donnie B.
And a whole morning crew.
That's all he talked about.
I came in one day earlier in the week.
He's like, oh, yeah, that Todd Greck.
You really got him, side kind of.
Like, he's worth talking about, Todd Greck.
No.
No.
Go on and sell something.
Go, sir.
He's like, servicing account.
Get some real copy in here.
Give us some feedback.
And what's going on?
Instead of just running around being a professional crap
disturbing.
But that's the Q&A.
And do I really care about it when you come right down?
No.
No, I just mentioned it in passing.
Of course.
So Donnie B, he's an asshole.
Oh, yeah.
Very disappointing.
A bitter blow and a bitter disappointment.
A guy that we thought was like on our side turns out to be a piece of Greck.
Oh, sorry.
Did I say Greck?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
OJ, a Cocoa Plum people vow to keep him out.
We say, aw, Louie,
for a bunch of people live over there that are willing to stand up for what's going on.
That's right.
Don't want to guide them murder in their midst.
What are we going to do about those murderers in our midst?
Don't say gorillas.
Now it's interesting, by the way, speaking of this,
Timis, they went on here two days ago.
Flurry of negotiations, the fused standoff.
And it goes on here too in the Harold Karen Branch,
right?
It's one of 72 different articles today about this business.
None of which, by the way,
none of them condemning anybody for going out and disrupting the whole town.
And the holding of county hostage, which is basically what they've
County.
It's been held hostage.
You know, if you do it our way fine, if you change the laws fine,
otherwise we're just going to screw up the whole county.
Everybody's life isn't worth a crap.
But it's interesting.
It goes on to talk about how they had to negotiate with this Ramones,
a Saul, Saul, a Sanchez of the democracy movement.
Whoever the hell he is.
But it says anatomy of a protest,
a Coast Guard capture televised lives,
spurs veteran street leaders to seize the bridge at rush hour,
aided by a spontaneous swell of hundreds directed to the scene by
exile radio broadcasters.
That was just what I said the other day.
They get on the Spanish language radio station.
It sounds and it smells just like Mary L.
all over again when they were doing the same irresponsible.
Oh, get your boats going to the chore, go to the beach, go to the
to me and get your boats and bring all these other us-come bags that
Fidelis sent over the murderers in the criminals and the mental
patients.
Bring them in here.
They said, okay.
And like I've said before, they can they can cause civil disobedience.
They can do anything they want and the FCC pays no attention to
anything they do.
Because like the old bumper stickers used to say, this is Miami.
The rules are different here.
We'll do whatever the hell we want.
And they do.
And even later on in the article it says over the next hours,
after the Sanchez got gun and they're to try to negotiate the end
of this whole thing and get these people off the road, it says over
the next hour is 100.
This is even after they have been told that these guys were not
going to be sent back.
Over the next hours, hundreds more protesters gathered urged on by
exile radio hosts.
And this is the history of this town.
It's always been that way.
It's the same old-
Over and over again.
And nobody wants to talk about it.
They just go on in, of course.
The only thing we hear about is the Coast Guard and they were
excessive violence and brutality and how did they with a pepper spray and
spraying with the water and it's like I said, the Channel 4 poll, 72% of
the people said they thought they did their job.
They were doing a good job.
I have no problem with their they handled it.
Only 28%.
I mean that's just barely more than a fourth of the people who respotted.
And you know what emotions are very high about this.
My only criticism is when the Coast Guard saw that the TV choppers were
there and this was all on live TV.
Probably they could have used the hell of a lot more restraint and done a
better job knowing how high emotions and how hysterical people in this
community get over these all these things.
That's my main criticism.
Is that once they saw that the cameras were there, they should have used the hell of a lot more restraint.
But nevertheless, that's a separate issue.
That's a separate discussion and discussion and debate.
And you notice yesterday they were in there on a carpet wash.
He did Lincoln D. Azbalard, Lincoln D. Az and Ilyana Gorsley and then Rosanna Danna.
They were in there and they had them sitting in there in the office and
they were like, how dare you do this and they're all pontificating and making their little speeches.
And on the floor of Congress, they're all in there going,
what ever happened to law-biting people?
I mean, whatever happened to like just living your life, you know.
Without having it disrupted and turned to a pile of crap by out of control people.
And again this morning watching more of the footage, it was almost all young people
who were involved in this crap.
Not the old people that have always been, that's always been the excuse.
It's just the old domino players in domino park. No.
I have a man who near.
Get away and feel the release.
Smell the fresh sea.
Take in the unparalleled experience of Cuban lasting, on big latitude.
It's like a vacation.
Away from your troubles, your life back home, your disgiver, on a journey to a better place.
The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day.
Unpredictable, breathtaking, life threatening, Cuban-wrapping, unbidlantic.
Will your way to something better?
Roll faster.
No faster. Here come the sharks, scatter on which faster than that.
Roll damn it.
Painful and bother you, West Navy.
1045 and 560 WQM, Jim Mad Dog, Mandate, SHAP!
For Hank Oberg, who's done his way to Vegas today, of course, he'll be off for a great vacation.
Hank, he'll be on your from Vegas tomorrow by the way, man, vacation on next week.
Then what do we got? Can I see that far from here? We got talking baseball with the watch's name at 6 o'clock.
630 to match in the Amarlin pregame in the A game that I had at 7 o'clock, another one.
Nice going, Marlin's last night.
I'm gonna care about that, of course not.
So anyway, this town continues to take it up the butt from people who just, huh?
Oh, that's gonna come in great. That's going, Gelly.
In fact, that's where we hear Donnie B likes it the best.
Up the butt.
No, don't pick on him too much, just because he likes the assholes.
There's some guys that like the old brown eye, you know?
Maybe he's like Troy Ackman, maybe that's his hero.
He likes Chris Moore, he's big into the category.
Maybe Donnie B just, you know, has a problem.
Up the butt.
567, 0560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Just something the way Gelly says these things, you know?
Up the butt.
Yeah.
With a certain tone.
Here's the Davy.
Hello?
Davy.
Going once.
25 minutes in 20 seconds.
Huh?
Stay grove.
Hello?
Oh, like I said, the grove.
Well, I'm surprised.
Looks like Davy from here from 100 inches away.
Yes, sir.
Oh, just, you know, I'll go to coconut grove, speaking.
Yes, sir.
Okay, let me put my little two cents on.
Go right ahead.
I certainly don't condone the Cuban demonstration.
Yes, but you're in your car, or act like the Cuban.
The Cuban is burned down a federal building.
There are various different degrees of civil disobedience.
And this was a very, very minor form of it.
Let's get real quick.
Hello, sir.
When you disrupt traffic and you jeopardize public safety
and people's lives for hours on end,
there were some people stuck in these traffic jams for five hours.
Well, I've got to that in a second if you permit me.
I think what really bothers you and your callers is that the Cubans get away
with this cocky and arrogant behavior.
And you like your Hispanics to either be completely assimilated or dumbed off.
No, no, no, sir.
Let me let me say this to you.
I like all people.
Not to don't tell me what I like.
I like all people that have consideration for everybody else.
Okay.
If you've got a gripe, take it to where it belongs.
Okay.
Take it to the people who do something about it.
And don't disrupt the life of everybody else in the community.
Whether you're Hispanic or anything else.
And don't keep saying Hispanic because it wasn't Hispanics.
It was Cuban.
Not Hispanics.
It wasn't Argentinians.
It wasn't Venezuelans.
It wasn't Puerto Rican.
It's a Cuban thing.
And you know that as well as I do.
I'm listening to me very carefully.
I said that you liked your Hispanics.
How do you like how I like my Hispanics?
I mean, medium well.
That's how I like my Hispanics.
You like your Hispanics, okay?
You only should know how I like my Hispanics.
Young and hung.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5.
So what an asshole man.
Just unbelievable.
It wasn't that much of a big deal.
And you like your, yeah, right.
We like people like I've said before, who are decent people,
who have a little bit of consideration for everybody else.
That's the way most people, most rational, reasonable people
would agree with that.
It's not any kind of revolutionary statement I've just made.
But again, in trying to defend undefendable, indefensible actions,
you're trying to again point the thing, me and my callers.
And everybody doesn't agree with the world I've seen through your eyes, okay, sir?
And the fact is that the people in this town, I know overwhelming a favor to take a poll.
See, instead of taking a poll about the Coast Guard thing,
which I'm shocked at the result of that poll,
if all the TV stations were to take a poll on the civil disobedience and block
the traffic and risking people's lives and all this other bull crap.
And in addition to what nobody has really thought about what the potential
for unbelievable violence was there,
with people getting stuck on the erodes for four or five hours.
What was that that you were having a nervous breakdown about?
One of my brothers, oh, attacking me.
For what?
For having a problem with people blocking traffic.
I'm anti-cuban because I don't think people should block traffic.
Let me just tell you this.
Do you know what the answer is that is?
There you go, right there.
Quick dial tone always works for me real fast.
George is back with the bag over his head.
This is my Cuban bag.
Yeah, see, we're not interested in those of you who think that this is a,
this is a satisfactory solution to your solving your grievances,
is to blocking traffic for hours on end and putting people at risk.
That's not the way that the real world works.
Especially when you've already gotten your way.
We've already got these six people have been allowed to come in here.
Very good possibility that we're smuggled in,
but don't confuse people with the facts.
And only say those things that we want you to say,
because we believe in freedom, but only if it's our freedom.
Freedom to disrupt everybody else's life.
Horsecraft, horse balls, that's what it is.
And you can keep arguing from now till the end of time.
The fact is the overwhelming majority of people with an IQ bigger than a ball bearing,
they're not going to agree with you because they know that's not the way people's lives are supposed to work.
Here's Hi, Alia. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Thank you for telling it how it is, especially with this Cuban thing.
That previous caller is the epitome of assholeism.
Yes.
I mean, to say my asshole.
Minerscivil disobedient.
Yeah.
I saw the tapes on the Palmetto Expressway in Hi, Alia here.
They were breaking windows.
Yeah.
I don't know if you saw that.
I don't know what they're listening to.
He's an idiot.
Anyway, to take it a step further, the Coast Guard risks their lives every day to protect the borders of this country.
There was something that was there was a young girl.
And I don't know if you saw this one.
She had a sign that says the US Coast Guard kills Cubans.
No, the US Coast Guard is like, is like Castro.
I saw a sign that said.
I mean, she had one that said the US Coast Guard kills Cubans.
How many thousands of Cuban boat people have been saved by the US Coast Guard by guys going out there in a high seas, risking their lives to save these people who are, you know, doing their best to get here?
Well, what are these people talking about?
It's selfish, third world mentality will not go away.
And that these guys risk their lives every day against a criminal element that's trying to come into this country.
Everybody knows that the Cuban mafia runs the drugs in here to South Florida.
It's not the Mexican, it's not the Colombians.
It's the Cubans, they do it, but they don't fess up to it.
Right, it don't leave out the Jamaican.
They don't want to feel left out.
With the good stuff.
Okay.
Yeah, boy, I'm gagging.
I think I'm gagging over that couple of calls back.
That guy was unbelievable.
Yeah, you like your Hispanics, yeah.
I'll take out I like my Hispanics.
I'll draw you a picture.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
And don't keep saying Hispanics over and over again and keep trying to lump everybody else in because I guarantee you, other non-Cuban Hispanics resent that bitterly.
Because they're not the ones that keep disrupting this community and carrying on like a bunch of banshees and heat every time.
Just like this thing with a guy with his little rickety boat a couple months ago, which it makes reference to when these 80, 200 stories in the papers again this morning.
Oh, he didn't get his boat back.
We're going to like, you know, just keep tying up the town.
You know, it's going to reach the point.
I hate to break the news to you, but it's going to reach the point when nobody's going to go to Dave County anymore.
When everybody with a brain is going to move out of Dave County, and you can all have it.
You know, here you go.
Have a good time with it.
Go and block each other off on the streets, which of course I'm a Palmetto by the way.
I hate to break the news to you, but who are the majority of people who live in that area?
Cubans.
So nice going to your fellow.
You're so worried about your fellow brothers, but if you happen to make them late for their work or whatever they were going or late for dinner or late for something important or maybe on the way to the hospital, maybe some woman is in, you know, on the bridge of having a baby, she's in labor.
Don't worry about those things.
Don't confuse us with the facts.
Those are your neighbors.
Go out there and screw up their lives because you want to have a party in the streets anytime you feel like it.
Oh, yeah, they had hundreds of punks out there too.
That was the thing in the Palmetto that really I was a gang.
They had a gang out there who decided to this be a good time to go out there and throw the rocks in the bottles and break some windows and kick some ass.
Great.
Nice going Spanish language media.
Really doing it, baby.
And like I said, if we were to go on here, which we wouldn't do, but if we were to go on here and spur something that caused civil disobedience, you'll vector suite as the FDC be here in five minutes and there'd be all kinds of formal complaints and they'd be on every damn media outlet in this town will be screaming and pointing the fingers and all how dare they be condemning us like crazy.
But they're so goddamn terrified to open up a mouth and say something either that or they're just so goddamn stupid or maybe both of the above.
That it just goes on and on and on and p didn't it just never stops and like you saw.
Like so many people said yesterday you give people their way and you cave in and they're oh yeah, well that worked.
We're going to do some more of it.
They got big plans for this weekend.
So if you're smart, we got to hollering the fourth in July holiday.
Maybe everybody get out of town for the weekend.
If you're smart.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I think the Cuban get.
Can't hear you sir.
I think the Cuban get more to special treatment than the others.
Yes.
And also if that was like other like Asian American, Asian American or African American.
Like that anybody of African descent protesting in the streets like that.
And I'll be in jail.
Yes, especially like that.
And also with the immigration policy towards like Asian American with the Cuban thing.
I think that immigration, I and that's whatever they call them.
It's so racist.
The Cuban will get to stay either way.
It doesn't matter if a Haitian come dying on the feet.
They're letting them die.
Yeah.
But when the Cubans come floating on the feet, they get coffee, coffee, collage or whatever.
And also, yeah, they got that was the first thing they brought these six guys here that here's coffee, collage.
Here's some cash.
Here's a visa master here's a driver's license.
Here's a little brown Toyota.
I have a question.
Why?
Why does I see no black Cubans come watching the feet?
Why does mostly all the white Cubans who come?
No, no, we've had plenty of black Cubans watching.
But it's the same as they say that they're Cuban.
And especially like, you know, like El Ducay.
They like him.
They can play baseball or okay.
That's a different domain.
Yeah.
Anyway, all like it's for black Cubans.
One time I remember when the black Cubans had came watching the feet, they thought there was Haitian.
You can see how INS are racist.
Yeah.
I know they didn't even know intention.
So I think that it was INS.
INS immigration, naturalization, everything.
What they call them.
It's so racist towards people of African descent.
That's the American fucking way.
Okay.
Good luck to you, sir.
God bless you.
56670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I don't know if I was on Sentinel, Neil.
But the amazing thing about it being one of the articles and it just kind of matter, factfully stated,
one of these guys came here a year or two ago.
Went to Arizona, worked in Arizona for a year.
Went back to Cuba, I guess, through Mexico.
Because his mother died or something.
They could get on a raft two weeks later and came back here.
Yeah.
So the second time is a charm, right?
Uh-huh.
You know, so as I say, the...
Well, maybe things weren't as, you know, hospitable in Arizona as they will be here.
But when I said it myself, it's a, you know, what did they get?
Kind of an underground railway or what?
I'd believe it.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
Yeah, but don't confuse people with the facts.
This is just like the freedom for the courageous freedom flotilla.
You know what I mean?
And during those times, the rest of us who sit in here pulling our hair out, wondering,
what are these people in the media talking about?
They're turning this town into a toilet.
Castor has just unloaded all these thousands of criminals and mental patients back in 1980
on his town.
And the media is calling us a courageous freedom flotilla.
And there wasn't any other than on our radio on English language radio.
There wasn't anybody at then who had the balls to say, hey, wait a minute, cut the crap here.
Let's stop this.
Yeah, you just, you guys just can't say the truth in this town because you're like swimming
upstream.
You just can't do it.
You're fighting the losing battle, man, because there's nobody to go to bat for you.
There are a handful of people that got balls in this town to tell you the truth.
And the rest of the people are all sucking up to a bunch of bullcrap and encouraging it to
at perpetuating it, including the mayor of Dave County.
Sir, you are a disgrace.
You are a disgrace.
For a place condemning the Coast Guard in the strongest terms, you know something.
If that's your opinion, find how about making some statement about the goddamn civil disobedience
and blocking off all of God in highways and jeopardizing people's life and limb.
How about that just a comment?
You all in a apology, Mr. penis, to every other person in God damn software.
Because not just in Dave County because plenty of people travel to God in highways and
this stuff who don't live in Dave County.
But of course we won't get it because you're not worried about anybody else's votes, are you?
Spineless piece of turd. And just wait till July 29th baby because everybody in Dade County is going to say no.
If you're God damn penny sales tax they're going to tell you to...
Right.
We're going to be a little bit more gentile about it as Gildy would say to stick it up the butt.
We're going to be a little bit more gentile about it as Gildy would say to stick it up the butt.
Oi!
I'm weird and my ambition I'm a back who likes to fall.
I'm here to confirm this mission. It's not for that not all.
I'm ready to get to the throne and get to the throne.
If the fight is easy, this is your case.
I would like to throw a six round hug.
In that round I hide my image of a little bit nervous.
I'm not shy, not shy. I love an image of a little bit nervous.
Love an image of a little bit nervous.
I'm here to meet you to prepare a savings.
It will soon be Councilndra Necaheduk.
It's too late to say I'm your pilot.
I got one edition to watch High Upwear.
I have managed to do a Dickt turn.
I like to wear a dress.
I must sacrifice the atmosphere of a tiny town.
I'm not going to find a key song or she's there anymore
I'm not going to leave a sign
She's got a sign or I'm not going to leave a sign
Oh!
I'm not going to find a sign or I'm not going to leave a sign
I'm not going to leave a sign
That's what Ricky says practice makes perfect
level 03 at 560 Q and don't forget because the nephew will be real disappointed and depressed and bugging you a lot of
I don't mention this the QAM Vandal be at the Amico gas station 2105 this game Boulevard and North Fiming Beach
No one to one today they got some real great stuff
Great stuff? No!
They got some crap they want to get with them some QAM goodies and some wild, wild west movie stuff
It's always great when it says goodies and stuff
Instead of like something specific like what are you talking about if I'm going to drive like 10 blocks or 20 blocks
or 4 miles to go over there and see what it's like something specific
But it just says wild, wild west movie stuff
Like maybe a Will Smith blow up now something grotesque like that
Oh God!
Speaking of QAM goodies
Have you seen the shirts and the hats that are floating around the building and everything?
No
Remember at IOD whenever the shirts would come out every year the new polo shirts they'd give you like 3 they'd give me 3
Right
The little part time
If they have them and we haven't got any
They have them and no I asked about them
I said hey where's the shirt how many do I get do I pick one two three?
Yeah
And they said no you have to pay for these
And I thought
And that he was paying my leg
Wait
You have to pay for these?
That's exactly what I said
I said no no no you're joking really how many shirts do I get?
Well I don't understand
Who has to pay in other words the people you won
Everyone who wants to pay
Why would we want to pay for this?
I mean I know it's raining a lot and those hats I see that Joe's wearing it makes for a real good rain catcher
When you put the a brim up there just right the brim on the brim
You have to pay for them?
Oh my god you know something
There is nothing you could have told me
Nothing that would have been more astonishing
I mean more than anybody I realized just how cheap these vans to jaren how they don't want to
They still got the first two nickels they ever made so they can rub them together all day
But who ever heard of working in a radio station or television station or any media outlet
Where they have t-shirts and hats and station promotional items and the employees
Have to pay for them has anybody ever in their life
Pertissette thing
No
I am speechless at this point
Seriously
Yeah
Yeah
I'm sorry I was on the phone did they tell you how much for that hat?
No
For me 50 dollars
Ten bucks
For that piece of crap
Gilligan hat
Who would be a head to Gilligan head you wouldn't be cut wood
Although I tell you one thing if you're out there at sea
Good for braille and water out of the little or rickety boat
Keep the sun off your nose
Right
Evidently it works like a charm
Here's a mobile and fort lotterdale
Hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
What I feel about this
I feel like what I'm going to do myself and what I think everybody else should do
And I've never owned any is go buy some pepper spray
And the next time any asshole gets out of the road and blocks traffic
And rakes have it like they did
Get out and spray their ass
They're the ones that deserve the pepper spray
But the only problem with that is that they hit what they did is they went out there like on the macarthur
And they parked their cars and they got out of their cars and they left them sitting there
And they just were having a big demonstration
Where their cars blocking off all the traffic
So even if you wanted to do anything they weren't in the cars
The cars were just sitting there as blocking things
There could have been a field there for some record
Tum-tum track
Right
Well it should have been a field day for people of water would enforce the law
But we don't have anybody in date county wants to enforce the law
And thanks for speaking out for it, Neil
Okay pal
5 6 7 0 1 day
Boy if only old cloth pepper we're still here today, huh?
We could spray him a little bit
Couldn't have heard at this point I guess
Here's the lady in North Miami
Hello
Hi Neil
Yes ma'am
Most of us non-cube and hispanic that came to this country on a plane
Legally
Right
For the privilege to live in this country
We like to tell those ignorant, more honest
Yes
They don't understand that if they would do this in any of the countries we came from
Would be have a different point of view the next day because we would be dead
Okay
They don't allow those things in the countries we're coming from
And what they do is they make us hate them more and more
Every day
Every day
I mean here the guy who didn't think this people think I maybe
Because you guys are going to get to stay here now
Okay these six guys are being given asylum to get to stay here now
And they're still talking about more demonstrations
They're not done yet
This is only the beginning they're saying you ain't seen nothing yet
Isn't that great?
I'm telling all my friends from South America to buy a raft and get here
Okay
Okay, bye-bye
Yeah, I'll have to kill you on your meters
Yeah, this is an eye-grace. I'm carrying all my...
That was that
Oh, is it me?
Well I can't see what else is going on. Okay boy, I love taking these shades off
Because then I feel wow, look at this. This is great. Look at that
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
And now thoughts
The universe is strange and wonderful place
And needs to be treated with respect
Cute and cuddly teddy bears can eat you alive
Always pay off your debts
Because you can't always count on killing the bill collector
People prepare for things to go wrong
They usually will
When something is out of whack
Does that mean that at some point it was in whack?
When cheese gets a picture taken
What does it say?
If you buy stolen equipment make damn sure they can't be tracked back to you
If you stood next to Billy Blank on top of the tall buildings and pushed him off
He screamed like a girl all the way down
If his piano player is called the pianist
Why don't we call race car drivers racist?
If people from Poland are called Poles
Why don't we call people from Holland?
Poles
And that is the thought for today
I think it's important
Let me 15
1115 is 560
WQM happy Thursday to you
They always need the ants
We'll be all set
If it takes me like a couple of seconds
You do understand that I'm blind as a battle
I'm near sighted
Good thing if I were far sighted
I'd be going
I'm sure Peter to wonder what 430 is
Here's a derail
Hello
Yes sir
Yeah, Neil
Yes I am
Just two quick comments
Number one
I'm a Hispanic American who grew up different cities throughout the United States
And so have come into contact with people that have had to earn their green cards
And so I think it's important to know that there is a lot of citizenship
The legal way
And what I do find
Well two quick things about Q&A
I find quite appalling
Is one is that it seems to be of a very primitive nature
I don't know if it's because they come from an island that
I don't know, there's just a sense of
You're not generalizing right?
I mean I just want to make sure
Well, you know it's very hard not to even know our real lives are there
Because you realize that the first wave from the early 60s of Cuban decaying here
Most of those people were highly educated and very skilled doctors and lawyers and people like that people
Okay, so right now we're getting a lot of education
Right now we're getting the worst of the worst
Well since 1980, since Marielle, I mean you've got to realize that what's left in Cuban now
People are not getting highly educated
And you have a lot of people coming here who are to put it bluntly are shleppers
Okay, let me ask you maybe know the question to this
How is it that you can arrive in the United States on an afternoon, two, three, and afternoon
And then the next day at eight o'clock in the evening or at ten o'clock in the evening
Which is no last night on news
They already have been granted rights to come into the country
Right
And help me figure out something here
These guys come here with identification on them
How is it that they were able to prove that they had relatives here
And from looking at the news they didn't have ID with them
So how is it that they were released so quickly? I don't understand this
You'd have to ask their agent
I mean, I can't tell you, I don't know
Again, you've got to understand that when you've got the political cloud
And you've got all these hysterical people whipping everybody up into a frenzy
And threatening to block off the whole goddamn town
You get your way and this is what this is the history of the way it's gone here in South Florida
I mean normally you have to show me
And normally but this isn't normal, this isn't the way things are done here
This isn't normal, this is a separate, a whole exception from the immigration policy
That makes no sense, it's unacceptable
I mean, I've had friends that have had to wait and wait and wait in order to get this
Right
And I'll take here for a few phone calls to be made
And I mean, it takes longer to get a driver's license than it does for a person that comes over here from the island of Cuba
To get released into the general population
Absolutely correct
This is unbelievable
Yeah, well this is Florida pal
I mean, have you ever tried to get any business done in the city of Miami?
Okay, have a great day
5,670, 5,60, pop, 5,60 on the AT&T wireless line
I mean, I could just sit back and lie, he could obviously go to a clock which is fine
But what's the point? You know?
We know these things, all of these things
And like I've told you before, they're going to change
In order for it to change, somebody in a position of authority has to step forward
And you know, it starts to try to make a change and there's no such animal
Hi Alia, hello
Neil
Yes sir
Let me say something
The reason, all these people that are calling your program and they're last caller
Let me say something
The reason that we get a special treatment over here when it comes down to immigration
is because in our country there is no freedom
And we have had the data for 40 years
Let me ask you this
Let me just a minute
I mean, you want to have a conversation?
I'm going to respond to what you just said, I'll let you talk like you want
Okay
Conversation means you say something which you just did, I'm going to respond or ask you a question
Okay
Is there freedom in communist China?
Is there a communist country?
There is no freedom in China
Okay, so now when the Chinese come here, do they automatically get like special exemption?
I think they gave some type of political assignment
They do?
I think so
Would you hear that?
I don't know
The Chinese wash up on the shores of the West Coast, I mean, it's a long slip across the Pacific
But when they show, if they come up on the shores, they're automatically allowed into the country to stay here
I don't know what they do, but I think they get enough of political asylum
No
They get here
No
Anyway
Let's not jump off the boat, let's talk about the Haitians and the Cubans
Why do we get a special treatment and why they don't?
Okay
I'm listening
In Cuba, there's no freedom, we have had the data, the dictatorship for 40 years
What about before the years?
What about before 40 years?
Just what I said, what about Batista, he wasn't a dictator?
Batista was a dictator too for seven years
Yeah
So what does that mean?
That's why Casual took him out of power
Yeah
Because he spent three more years
Sure, you've had a dictator in Cuba for as long as anybody can remember
Yes, yes
And I just want to say
Let me ask you this, what about those poor people, those desperate people in Coastal
What about all of those people?
Are you seeing that they go back and their houses have been burned down?
All of their possessions are gone, they're poorly educated, they have no skills, they're too strong
And those children are like starving to death, what about those people?
Are they coming up on shore, are we going to let them into?
No, the Cuban situation is totally different
I didn't say anything about Cuban, forget if you can, I know it's very difficult
Forget the word Cuban for one moment and answer my question about the Coastal Mars
I'm not talking about Cuba, I'm not talking about Cuba
We're talking about the world in general, what you can't do
And the fact is, sir, the rest of us, I keep trying to tell you this and you think either I'm joking
Or you just don't want to hear it, it's not penetrating your skull
We don't care, okay?
We're not interested in Cuba, we're tired of having Cuba use as a weapon to beat over our heads
So that you can tell us how we're going to live in this country
Sorry, we don't like it
There are plenty of other dictatorships, there have been plenty of dictatorships in this hemisphere all over
Latin America
And we didn't just open up the door and say to everybody, hey, if you can put your toe on the soil, we'll let you in
I mean, if you're from a communist country, we'll give you a hearing and maybe you'll stay, maybe you won't stay
If you're from a Haiti, maybe you'll get a hearing, maybe you'll stay, probably not, they'll send you back in a hurry
I am so sick and tired of hearing this bull crap
And every time you want to talk about the rest of the, oh, I'm not talking about that
I don't care from that, of course you don't, because you're one dimensional
You know, if you keep force feeding something to people over and over and over and over again long enough, they finally just want to vomit
They want to puke every time they hear it
And that's the way this thing is, and I keep telling you, and you don't want to believe it, you think I'm a bigot, I'm a bad guy
What, what difference does it make to me, as long as I can drive the goddamn roads?
But the fact is that the people who live in this town are sick of it, they're nauseated with it, with your friends and your hysteria
And we're sick and tired to hear about Castro, and he's a dictator and he's evil and, eh, fine, okay
We'll pack him a goddamn sandwich with a bomb and it'll okay if that'll make you happy
But in the meantime, people here would like to live there for, it can lives already
It's 40 years later, he ain't going away
And we aren't going to be able to open up the door and let the whole goddamn island come over here and you're, uh, and you're a whim
Which, evidently, is what you think is what all that happened
We got people out on the streets in this town, of course starving to death
We have little kids who are like, uh, just abandoned, we have, uh, people make his babies like rabbits
And nobody cares about any of these people
And by the way, nice job on that Honduran kid, by the way, you people in the media on the 13-year-old kid with that hoax, nice job
Ow!
Yeah, they shoved that way in the back in the paper another day
If you look to about page 95a, maybe you might find it
But how they got all sucked in on that story
Whole story was a hoax
So what we're supposed to be concerned about is just lighting the whole, why not just have a big ship go over there
We'll get Mickey Morrison, we'll give him the deal, he needs the money
Just go over there and let everybody on the island come over here
All in Dade County
How many people are over there now, about two million?
What's the population now, what do they got left about? 40 people left over there?
Yeah, a couple
No, seriously, what's the population of Cuba?
I have no idea anymore
Well, whatever it is, the two million, four million, whatever it might be, somebody will tell us
Let them all come in
I mean, the city is already bankrupt
Half of Dade County is a toilet
We have lots and lots of parts of Dade County that the slum would be a compliment, ghettos, people living in
The school system in South Florida, is it a disgrace?
But I don't worry about these things because these people have decided to come
They need to come, they need to have more tired of it, we're sick and tired of it already, okay?
And God forbid you go back to talking about open enough diplomatic relations, oh my god, God forbid you mention that
And improving the quality of life for the people who are down there and starting to your face reality
This is what it is, except it, whether you like it or not
You've been doing business with dictators all over the world for as long as anybody can remember
Here's Palm Beach, hella
I'm Quil-Niel
Yes sir
Just to change the subject, that's a strict subject that you've already spoken of, but you know it was on TV tonight
The Backstreet Boys
Yeah
Family Channel, 8 o'clock
Alright, thank you sir, George is really pleased
Here's a mobile and candle, hello, let me take it for you
No, mobile and candle
Yeah, Neil
Yes sir, I haven't been in that
In the restaurant, yesterday after knowing this whole thing started
All Cubans were in there
Oh god, I'm here for the keyrest
And I said to people, what about those people on the bridge?
Yeah, she started changing, good Cubans, go Cubans, go Cubans
I said, I hope your mother's not stuck on a damn boat
Yeah, help, I hope your mother's not stuck on a ship
I said, I'm sick of you people just playing, sick of you
Don't give up, someday it might happen
Okay, just tell your mother, it's on a bridge
Neil, God
Hello, you have reached Dickie's Workers' Choice Catalog and Information Line
To speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line
Thank you
Transferring to an operator, please wait
Dickie's Customer Service, this is Louie and how may help you?
Yeah, my Louie and I
Hi
You like Dickies?
Sure
I guess a lot of women do, huh?
I believe so
My woman said she loves the Adickies
I see
She likes a lot of them
Yeah, I'm a little bit of an underpants, I'm gay guys like Dickies
Well, I really don't know, but I really thought about that
What's the biggest Dickies you've seen?
Well, sir, we go out to a 72 wife
Oh, my God, do you like little Dickies, too?
Sir, I...
I think my girl basically likes big Dickies
Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir?
Yeah, just so I get to say Dickie a lot on the phone, man
Uh-huh
Were you willing to place an order, sir?
For what?
For clothing
Right, I want to talk about Dickies
Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing
Oh, and Dickie, Dickie, hmm, hey
Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this
My mind like Dickies, a lot of women like Dickies
Uh, sir, I'm going to disconnect
No, when you're talking about Dickie
1131 at 56, you're W.C.M. Don't forget
Yeah!
My dog, Maddys, for Hank at 2 this afternoon
Hank will be doing a show from Vegas tomorrow at 2 o'clock
And then we got Donnie B, who we used to think was a good guy, but then...
He's an asshole
He thought out that he consorts with all the scumbags in the building
Hey, that's, you know, somebody's got to
What a hell not him
Maybe he is just such a nice guy who wants to be the one guy that'll hang out with people nobody else will talk to
Like Todd Dreck
Here's a mobile in Hylia, hello
Yeah, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir
Uh, you know, I just wanted to give my two cents and about this whole Cuban thing
You might get
Uh, I'm just, uh, I'm a Cuban descent
I'm an American Cuban descent, I'm just a little tired of watching our country
Our government be bullied by these people
Uh, now they come in here and they claim they want freedom and they're tired of dictatorship
But they have decided that they can choose and take our Howard government works
Who plays music here, who displays our paint here
So I think these people...
Who can say what?
They have, I think they have just learned a little bit too much from Fidel Castro
Uh-huh
And they want to make democracy the way they want to make it
And they have no idea what it is in the first place
Absolutely correct, sir
Well, thank you very much
And thanks for saying it right on target
I've always said that, you know, freedom of speech is whatever we like
Then you can say it, if we don't like it then you don't have to say that or do that or whatever it is
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8, 05, 5, 6, 3 on the AT&T wireless line
I mean, this is like I said yesterday, there's no debate on this
There's no debate on whether people should be going out and blocking up
Uh, highways and putting people's lives in jeopardy and tying up people for hours and hours
I mean, I could understand if it was like the end of the world
If the government was like taking, trying to take all our freedoms away or something major
Some catastrophic thing that was affecting everyone's lives
And we just had massive civil disobedience
And everybody going out and sitting in the streets and like demanding whatever solution or whatever the problem was
But that's not what this is
We got a group of people who were consistently whipped up into a frenzy by the Spanish language media
And very obediently always do whatever the hell they're told to do
No matter how unacceptable it is
And go out there and do their uh...
You're more and more divisiveness in this town and more and more resentment and more and more hatred
And they don't care, that's the worst part
We don't care
We got the clout, we got the politicians
It's like, you know, and the godfather
He had all the judges and the politicians in his pocket
He didn't give a crap for everybody else, baffon, go lay sit at them
Here's a mobile in Oakland Park, hello
Mobile in Oakland Park
Sounds pretty dead to me
Here's a lady in the Miami, hello
Lady in Miami
Hello
Yes, ma'am
Hi, Neil. First of all, I am an American American American American
And I think that every time I see these people out
showing their flag
Cubans flag
Yeah
When in the United States they should be on their hands and knees thanking God for what we have here in this country
And they're taking our rights away from us
I go to Burdhines, they come up and pass the wait on me in Spanish
Okay, thank you
567-0560
Oh and by the way, I'm almost glad that you said that although not really, but because that's old and tired
The Sun Sentinel being very sensitive to the sensitivity of the situation in this community, volatility of it
Picks a great day to put on the op-ed page this morning
Under the heading language in America a column by Miriam Marquez who writes for the Orlando Sentinel
Who don't even write in this market and the column is ahead of why we speak Spanish among ourselves in public
Nice timing, Sun Sentinel
Excellent, I woke up this morning, I'm scouring through my two papers
And I read this thing and I thought what a great time to put that in there, okay?
And this is in the Broward paper, this ain't even in the herald
Why we speak Spanish among ourselves in public?
How do you like that?
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
Talk about just beating, like taking a god damn 2 by 4
And beating everybody over the head with it, over and over and over again
Oh we don't understand why you're getting tired of this
We thought you were only on the SNM
Yeah, that's why we read the local papers were on the SNM on the inside
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Thank God for Neil Rogers on the radio during the weekdays
you know good
meh this is the funniest show i mean i'm laughing my ass off in my car yeah i
just wanted to kind of tie this in uh...
the reason there's no authority out on the middle of a bridge when i'm
people are protesting yeah
because they're all my international airport giving people tickets
yeah i was there this morning and this guy
well here's got got a ticket about it yeah
i'm listening to you on the radio my wife getting on an airplane going to
Atlanta she's kissing the kids goodbye yeah and this guy is the pack giving me a
ticket and i'm saying if the authority was as effective and efficient as
this asshole isn't about giving me a ticket right i mean those guys were
thrown off the bridge in about two seconds but getting tickets is safe
law enforcement work it's like uh... screw in sixteen year olds in candle on
the you know in the middle of your uh...
they time assignment and have a great day sir
fine don't do it again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line
here's a mobile in ninety lake sell out
well new yes sir
i'm one of those uh... what you call it the old generation in the six years
i came to parents yes sir and i'm not rich but i'm well off-roading
and making sick to see my people like that
let me just do that
right i think they were all together up and do that in Cuba they get run over one
of the old Russian tanks yeah
that's right there you go take a good idea that's a good idea
we're talking over here
what what what is that over there
they were done away even before
uh... what was here for a minute they would have done that maybe that would
be on to this point everything right amen that's just my opinion and nothing
up to please okay god bless you sir thank you five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T line now what times people are coming back
anybody uh... no i'm not getting nervous it's not even noon yet i'm very
appreciative he's my best close personal friend but
i see even jp's got a bag over said but i'm not believing that he's
he's very much in this cap fact he'll be standing out there in the middle of
the car through causeway all weekend just with his arms up in here
just for the hell of it not for any particular reason just to hang out
get off your duck get off your duck
coming next week on pay for you come on come on no matter what your political
views or challenge to a match to the death
rosy the killer whale don't take on all covers in a steel case death
man this is a w w a station that's
but don't miss it call your cable provider today
rosy the killer whale take on the n r a neonatis abortion stopper just and the k k k
it's huge
if they think they'll never buy a fifty that would be good i'll tell you what that
would go over real big in this town is if we ever got a radio or tv station
or like a newspaper course the newspaper will ever happen but like to forget about
radio we already got that like me and a few other people but like a tv station where
they actually would come on and give a voice to the people who are not Cuban
in south Florida i'm just saying like give a little balance
like i'm this story in the last 48 hours just something that would come on and say
well you know the coast guard treatment of these people was uh... that's
something we can debate and to the overreact and the pepper spray we talk about
that but on the other hand shouldn't we be spending a lot more time talking
about this illegal destruction of the whole community and all the
stuff that's going on and shouldn't we be talking about that
as opposed to your spineless coward on four six seven and ten who interview a
couple of people like on the traffic and let him belly ache for about ten seconds
and then go back to the rest of your hysterical panoramic
you're in this great how often you go home and look at the mirror at night
and think that you're doing a job
and just like the people of the hero but you don't understand is which is
why the channel four pool came out the way that it did the most of the people
you're pandering to our watch in channel twenty three anyway that was a
rats answer about you
you might as well stick it up the butt right
god
here's a mobile in Miami hello
yeah hi yes sir
i have a question the bottom line the sole situation is money
these people here they come onto my country they don't understand that i
got to pay enough taxes
okay thank you for saying crap on here by the way
but you're right you're absolutely right and too
might have to say crap and because this is america you can't say crap don't
you understand you can go out there and block the traffic off that's okay but
you can't say crap on here you know it's interesting stop and think about that
the guy was using the analogy before about the cops right and take it to the
airport but they can't get the protesters off the streets but here's an even
better one you can't say sh on here because god forbid the FCC
a federal government agency will come down on your ass
but you can go out there and block off all the highways and jeopardize people's
life and scrub everybody's god damn day that's okay
that makes a lot of sense huh yeah
just think about it for about four seconds and see if you don't agree
here's a mobile in delray b chill out hello Neil yes sir
Neil I'm an american that my parents were from last v s cuba
and a lot of the cubans in Miami really don't know the history of Cuba because Cuba has never been
free i have to laugh at that guy that call and said we haven't had freedom for 40 years
because they don't have been under a dictator for 40 years like the teester was a democratic
government he's so the teester sort of coup in 1952 he was the next president and our country
uh... recognize his government within 48 hours so much for elections so much for freedom but nobody
protested about that yeah that kind of action created uh... but what we have there now with castra
what the most of those people have no idea what the plan amendment is and every
every uh... government that the cuba has had since it's uh... uh... uh... being free from spain
has been uh... put in by the u.s. government it's uh... it's what we call a hit pocket republic
they've never been free every dictator has been basically fed up by the u.s. government so they
were never free never free right i just wanted to point that out because most people aren't even
aware of that i'm sure miss ross latin wouldn't even be aware of that either
well she has that time to do her homework she's too busy pandering
you know we've interfered in the internal affairs of uh... of the rand water mala
nica rawa and that's the kind of situation that develops you get a you get a favorable government
for a while and then you get a revolution you get somebody that's really anti-american right
so that's the situation that might like to have a tool and i think that we should try to uh... end
the uh... in bargo and uh... try to normalize relationship and maybe uh... even improve the economy
then it so they don't have to come over here amen god bless you sir yes sir
there you go of course you're not supposed to say that in this time but nevertheless what he said
made a lot of the relations come in the st. company
old tired and stale you know even last year's humontouching our fresher
then that all line of all companies so you can say that cast or liquorio okay
you can like i said yesterday you can keep paying at the moon it's not going to go
away or you can deal with things in a realistic way and like uh... in the 20th century which is
almost over but uh... we're not allowed to do that
because we just don't want to offend anybody sensibilities
here's a mobile invoker hello hello nioh yes sir
you know i got to tell you the site of roe martin is rolling around in the street
the volumes of the way the cuban community handle this uh...
this is their leader this is elected leader and he's right i haven't seen anything
more embarrassing since i never saw a freight train but uh... anything short of
that he did the number of freight train anyway it reminded me of japan gundy
attached to a lot more mornin's leg uh...
i think that the cuban community has taken what could have been a very
good p.r. situation for them
and turned it into a disaster as they have time and time again right and i think they
have to get a little bit more sophisticated in their approach to handling these
types of interest they're not interested don't you understand
like i said before it's not a quick to sophistication it's a question of feeling
and knowing that the politicians are all on their side but the media are all
terrified to say anything besides uh... whatever their their company line is
and they can do basically do whatever they want
well it's unfortunate i know that when the immigrants came to the north east
the italians the jews they assimilated they learned the language they were not
not happening man it's not happening and that's why when you open up the sun
settle in a in a broward newspaper this morning we have to get treated on a day
like this after all the stuff that's going on to an article from some bits that
writes a column up in orlando out of their newspaper
why we speak english when we go out in public my family isn't that great
or why we don't know why we speak Spanish when we go out
and have a great day
god
people in the meeting this time and you you they must have a factory where they
stamp these people out
mentally disabled they must stamp them out
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t world of
life
just like the history over casinos in all the other i mean i i i just what kind
of people are we talking about
you go to vagus i don't know i mean the traffic is awful heavy on the strip
you know how do you got your red car you drive around the uh... side street
you know how to get up and down the city without having to go out there in the
strip pretty congested but you don't have a bunch of people i mean they got
what what the one was it the all rancher one of those of casinos
where they've been picketing for about the last twenty years
and they're marching up and down peacefully and farther casino with their
signs that picket signs nobody pays any attention to i think it's the
all rancher one of those and that's it
they wouldn't put up with it for two seconds
people lying down in the streets and blocking off the traffic
here's a mobile in west thanks so much five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the eighteen two-hour to slide sounded like the voice of our
experience to make
here's a lady in weston hello
hello yes ma'am yes hi i just really appreciate your
addressing this situation and this uh... civil disobedience i i don't understand
that we have people that when they do something like this uh... walking
roads and the ones that can't get through and
this is a great because i have an indolent mother she needs to go to the
emergency hospital i have people nurses
doctors attending her they need to get to where they need to be people need to get
back to from work to take her to children and who's gonna care about them
if something happens to my mother and she dies are these two vans that are out
there uh... displaying i don't know what kind of friends who they get into
are they gonna care i got very much yeah
is there no one that will
i don't know there is no one in this community who will speak out on behalf of things that
make common sense there is no mayor there is no commissioner there's nobody in
a there police in any law enforcement agency there is nobody in the newspapers
there is nobody who will speak out of the half of common sense and decency and the
kinds of things you're talking about supposed somebody would have gotten into a big
brawl out there on the on the causeway around the palm metal and it would have been
maybe a shooting or something which happens here all the time how in that i had a
well they have gotten rescue help to those people how could they have gotten to them
they wouldn't have and frankly if they were me and i needed to get my mother to a hospital and i
saw these people doing that if i had the means of a bulldozer i just bulldozer
right off the road there's that is total this regard and then that's one of the things that we
pay people in law enforcement for by the way is not going and running prostitution rings in
candle but going out there and keeping the highways free from this kind of craft so that we can do
whatever the how we have to do to live our lives to drive on the roads that we pay for with our tax money
you know they talk about compassion right i understand but you know my dad would he
he can't get out of bed he can't get out of bed from Canada how about them having a little
compassion for the rest of us yes and our freedom is being taken away by the cubans
down there in Miami and yeah not it's not hispanics it is specifically and i've only been here
10 years but i never had this feeling before if they're looking for respect they're not going
to get it this way they should go through the legal system like everybody else has to they're
not special they don't deserve special treatment and they're already getting special treatment but
it isn't good enough that's the thing that frost my ass they're already getting very ultra special
treatment and it still isn't good enough oh this is bush gets special treatment by coming into
the country not declaring things yeah well if that happens to you and i we get a little bit of
trouble put on it thank god we got good honest politicians here in Florida have a great day sweet
to thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty yeah that you know not supposed to
talk about that anymore that's all swept out of the rug the columbal bush grab and of course
the thing would like i said the prostitution ring in kindle with all these cops that were going
down there banging their brains out running a running a hookering with a sixteen year old girl in
kindle we we hear any more about that oh i'd love to know how the hell that thing got swept
out of the carpet and we don't hear one more word about that and if you people out there were
concerned if it it's it's it's just amazing what a bunch of bozos live in this town put up with
this garbage people be screaming bloody murder where's the rest of this story where are the names
why aren't people getting fired left and right i mean you know if you go out you pick up a sixteen
year old girl forget about prostitution just pick her up and have sex if you're an adult your ass
is going straight to jail statutory rape and if by the way you do go out there and pick up a
hooker no matter what a rage is you're going straight to jail prostitution and this town all our
time gets wasted with all this bull crap how much time's been wasted these last 48 hours with a
story that like i said yesterday in the first place was much to do about nothing and if it would
have been six Haitians it wouldn't have been on the news for more than five seconds oh another
bolt with a bunch of haggards Haitians being smuggled and was intercepted they're on their way back
that would have been the end of that here's a lady in Miami hello hello yes ma'am okay i want to know
why you hate the Q amp people ma'am let me say this i don't talk to stupid people okay i don't have
time for you i don't hate the Cuban people i don't hate any people i hate assholes like you okay
and if you don't understand that normal reasonable people want to be able to drive on a highway
and live their lives without people out there in the middle of the roads every time something
displeases them whether or some guy who didn't get his rickety boat back or whether it's because
the Orioles are planning exhibition being a game with a bunch of Cuban athletes no matter what it is
then you're too stupid for me to have a conversation with a lady whatever maybe lady
now i'm getting psychotic why you hate the Cuban people get a life start looking through at life
through somebody else's eyes beside your own little narrow myopic view of the world okay
try to understand what it means to live your life
here's my any hello hello nil yes sir yes i do a demographic research and you ask the most
important question yes what is the population of cuba yes sir it is 11 million oh no problem
just a wait a minute cuba barbadas and bermuda have the loan from what was the last one bermuda
yeah thirty point six thirty point eight thousand yeah by 2050 what about the Netherlands and
Killies they are also very low yeah i 2000 and 50 cuba will be 10 point about the end Thomas
huh same Thomas Aquinas and Thomas no centa more like America how about the Virginia Islands
Virginia Island okay i have a great dish all i wanted i didn't want the population of every
god damn place in the Caribbean just Cuba thank you sir god bap bap and bermuda though was pretty
interesting i thought didn't you yeah bermuda ever get caught in that bermuda triangle uh-huh so
anyway 11 million people that should be no problem at all you know i mean we don't want to have
nobody down there because then cash drive nothing to do uh we'll leave a million down there because
then we can get some baseball games going on and we'll bring the other 10 million here what do you say
all right no problem at all that'll be good down there at homestead know a lot of people had to move
out during the hurricane build that back up again homestead cover rage we could bring the Everglades down
there in the range we'll drain out the Everglades when it doubt drain it out and the Everglades too
that's what i say drain it out squirt squirt no problem 10 million more now we can solve this problem
once and for all then what are these people going to find to be running around on the street
block and traffic work we'll find something okay where they run and run on the streets block and
traffic when they find out that Xavier Suarez in a budget of course and Bert Hernandez fixed the
election no i didn't see anybody run around on the streets then block and traffic protesting
being all upset that we got fixed elections in this town when mayor penis tried to put a penny
sales tax on and then this boom doggle uh the metro rail i don't see anybody going out in the
streets block and traffic no because they're getting taxation without representation and they're
trying to stick an election through the middle of the summertime on a Thursday no less
when you start getting excited about the things that should count then maybe you'll get a
little bit of our respect four minutes till noon at five sixty wqn you want to get yourself a great
cigar i mean not one at fidel smokes because you know he can you know what do with always exactly
what do you do with him i have a boy carter tail come and listen to my story about a man named
jub whose wallet was as big as his face he swelled up head he became a governor and dictator
Jew simply by having more money than you boy millionaire that is there did deal with
presidential dad in a real doober doober night toy moon raised the other doober's name was
buddy mcgay had an ill-bidding suit and a skeleton head and when they took his pulse they discovered
he was dead brave that is no brains the backwards room now jet represents the christian rike but
somehow got support from the Jewish journal kites now they're all in a mass grave very very deep
men as white wars and necklace of the feelings for their team Jewish girls melted down of course
boy the telehassy millionaire starring i'm a kimler as chip push
evil drawn dance colomba hariana huffington as ready and dan virgin has general burqolter
but i'm a happy millionaire brothel by i got eight all right 12 o' three at five sixty wq
i'm happy thursday to the july 1st baby out of the second half of nineteen ninety nine and god
it's really been uh yeah well said here's the mobile in hialia hello niel yes sir how you doing
today okay sir uh i'm in bars i'm in bars born in kuehboth i've been here for many years
i see this in the news and it's like you know i have mixed feelings at the beginning but then
even after the fact the administration approved uh you know for the coast guard to bring these guys back
and these thugs because that's all they are okay uh to continue doing these things you know uh
illegal uh as you say roadblocks uh it's just very very embarrassing for us man i don't know like
i was telling george on the phone and i'm making a sign as we speak to put on my pick up truck
um kuehboth today i'm in bars good you know it's like i hope you know another thing i wanted to
bring up all these other angle people that are calling in please do not generalize and say
all kuehboth because just like every every raise there's always that five percent of that ten
percent of thugs and low lives right please do not generalize they're all Cubans i've got those
people that you saw them and use yesterday and believe me raw martina is not my leader like that guy
said three or four phone calls ago okay yeah we can be a big mean mother though better watch out
oh my god but anyway just thank thank you for taking my call man letting me you know you might
to sense and all you uh just just relax man relax just keep uh narrow mind okay have a good one
and back to you come down just take two and call us in the morning yeah raw martina is you better
watch out because he'll beat the crap out of you okay like that's the model no seriously when
you didn't you ever see that when you drive in a highly and you start to talk at a somebody and the
big voice comes out ah shit uh before i beat the crap out of you yeah that's raw martina's he usually
says it in this bundle but once in a while if you have to be an englo and you drive through
highly he says ah shit up before i beat the crap out of you yeah if i put you right in the
hand that day in highly or i will say ah shit up before i beat the crap out of you all right
that's what we need that's the kind of mayor we need maybe a pugilist
or thank god he ain't got no bad criminal record five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line here in south florida where we never met a felon that we
didn't like here's bokeh hello Neil yes sir oh you're the best man today looking to you for a long
time yeah remember a few months back you're talking about some issue that you had when at your building
two guys were coming up the elevator you waiting for the elevator speaking perfect English
probably of the Spanish descent you got on the elevator and they reverted the Spanish
correct yeah well yeah similar thing happened to me yesterday and that's just yeah that literally
frost my ass what's behind that what's behind that is just being rude that's all it's not using your
language as a weapon it's obnoxious i mean it's not even like i mean i understand enough Spanish
you know what they're talking about but that's still a system you know that make any sense to me
correct yeah not if not if you care about getting along with other people but when you got when
you know seriously but when you've got that us against them kind of mentality like we got the
town by the balls anyway so screw everybody else you don't care about whether you get along with
anybody else and we have a segment of the population that believes that they feel that way
well what's with that though i mean that's why you know what's with that you deal with assholes man
every group has got its assholes and the people who do that are assholes yeah
yeah everything i agree with the county council want to do spade yes sir all right Eric
you're a douchebag okay thank you see yeah i've got i mean yeah i just get worn out trying to
explain these things it's not complicated it's very simple people are people they're making
a difference whether you're Cuban or Jewish or Goyars or Italian or whatever people are people this
because you got some artificial label on you doesn't make you anything but if you want to be
anti social and you want to you know use your languages of weapon your ethnicity is a weapon or
whatever else is some kind of a creature what go ahead all you're going to do is piss people off
if this world if everybody woke up tomorrow morning got out of bed in the morning all the labels
were gone all the national label all the nationalistic labels all the racial labels all the ethnic
labels were gone and everybody was just like a human being who happened to live someplace else
oh god there you go hallelujah virtually air be war would stop all the goddamn religious and no more
religions either okay that all goes away no Catholics no Jews no Protestant just people wow
what a concept but anyway ain't going to happen here's a mobile and west tom b chillo
don't go kneel good afternoon my first year boy was the yes listen i want to put a new twist on this
and make it from a negative to a positive and the way i look at it is if these Cubans want these
immigrants in here so bad yeah they're lying down that's trump changed never lying down here's
what i want i want to line them up 10 just like at a bowling alley we'll have to look okay great
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty oh a little high left to 10 pin
and pound five sixty on the mobile one line eight minutes after noon at five sixty
wkim jim mad dog mandate yeah he's going to be talking about the Cuban national baseball team for
four hours today he'll be here from two to six oh they're not going to play those Cubans again
already uh-huh and like i said you have to post a note that on road rules on mtv that they made a
stop in heaven and they played a Cuban a bunch of Cuban kids softball you have to post a note that
because we don't lose mtv off our cable here in soft lorna now that we're just finding the
tongue green show and it's starting to get really really good oh that i mentioned 1209 at five sixty
wdqm i think i did get up and give me a lunch money
oh
well when you come tomorrow every time you ask to use the toilet and that's fine
but when you don't you always need to hide
well every special is to you i surprise who went to drive the ride
in tv
Pets,
players
I don't think we've broken hollowness just prepared for the first.
12, 13, 5, 60, WCM, your job cost got a bunch of money doing the action.
How long?
About half an hour?
No, 29 hours and he's doing great.
Still looks the same.
But he's going to do it.
I'm going to do it two some day.
Oh, by the way, Tommy was one of the suckers that bought me one of those QAM hats.
Did you really pay for that?
Oh, thank God.
If he paid for that, I would have lost all respect.
He'd be almost like on the same level with Donnie B, almost but not quite.
God, can you believe it?
It's just, I still can't believe that.
I think you're just all putting me on.
It's got to be a joke.
They were working in a radio station that does no promotion whatsoever,
no billboards, no TV ads, no newspaper ads, no sandwich support over somebody's back on Lincoln Roadmall,
no any kind of promotion.
And we finally get a bunch of stuff like this and employees are supposed to pay for it.
God, I mean, I know we got a lot of people working here, are used to paying for it,
but not necessarily that stuff, but good, got all mighty.
I can't even fathom what that's all about.
I just never heard of such a concept.
Oh, here you want a QAM T-shirt?
Great.
Oh, that'll be 25 bucks, please.
And finally, and then by the way, are they selling these at cost?
You think?
No.
No.
Here's the one.
No, seriously, you've got to understand.
If we're going to pay the winning John Henry, we've got to squeeze out every dime we can.
Don't you understand?
We've got to crank that chain 24 hours a day.
The money machine.
Just so Greg's ego can defend.
So we can pay for the rights to all these stupid ball games.
See, if he were smart, which he's not, if he were smart, he'd get on the horn with that Tony,
whatever that guy's name is with, the 85 syllables, who's going to put that laugh it on 1700s.
So hey, guess what?
You want all of the franchises?
You got them.
The dolphins, the marlins, the panthers.
You got them all.
Of course, you'll have to pay the franchise broadcast fees, but that's okay.
It's only 35 million, like seven million a year.
And then you have any real, we'd be rolling in money in this place.
They'd be giving those things out by the dozen.
Here's a couple of dozen, no, sure.
Here's a couple dozen hats.
Give them out to your friends.
We'd be rolling in money.
The morning show, making money up the old ass.
This show sold off for how many goddamn months in a row now for like about a year at least.
We're making, making, bringing in money up the butt in this place.
Hank Goldberg show making serious bucks in the afternoon from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.
This place is a freaking money machine.
It's a gold mine.
But we got to work 28 hours a day to make the money to pay a couple of billionaires who got more money than Jesus and Joseph and Saul put together.
John Henry and I freaking balladed Wayne who just fired his partner by the way because automation stock is in the old toilet.
So there you go when Wayne gets pissed off, everybody gets fired.
Balleted geek.
Here's tempered pine.
Hello.
Hey, Daniel, how are you doing today?
Great.
And Greg Reid is a cheap asshole.
Oh man, he's unbelievable.
Him and the beesleys.
The worst.
I just wanted to try to put this finger up if I could.
Go ahead.
Thank you, sir.
The problem, one of the main problems is that these people, when they stop feeling, let me see if I can get this clear.
When they stop believing that they're the center of the universe, then maybe we'll get someplace.
And to that asshole that called you about 30 minutes ago, it Cuba has been under a dictator for 40 years.
Yeah.
I have something to say to him.
You ready?
Because he's the only one who has a point on the home.
Thank you.
Okay.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm going to say, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
So what are they really trying to say?
That was my favorite call of the year was that woman that called me that old pathetic stereotype.
Why did you hate that you've been people?
I mean, you know, what kind of answer?
Always the female.
It sounds just like your mother.
Just like your mother.
That's what you sound like, too.
Why are you picking on me?
Why are you doing these things to me?
Seriously.
You know what it reminds me of?
Speaking of that.
It reminds me of the exorcist.
Do you mean, you want to do this to me?
Yeah.
Right?
There you go.
Why do you need the Cuban people?
Because I don't think that you ought to be out in the streets blocking everybody off.
I don't hate the Cuban people.
Just assholes that do that stuff.
Okay, lady?
I know it's a little bit too tough for you to comprehend.
Maybe somebody can explain it to you.
Jor, you would die a friend.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Oh, God, Neil.
You got me so depressed, I'm thinking about laying down and trapping myself.
All right.
Well, the awesome.
There's not much going on this summer here.
It's pretty dead.
So let's just all go out and play and trapping.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to raise in Miami.
I'm a native.
I spent about eight years in a coast guard.
And I thought, I lived with this thing pretty much my entire life.
Right.
And the thing that a lot of people don't think,
they think, well, why is this political refugee thing around all over the place?
And what a lot of people don't realize is that most of these people are not political refugees.
They're economic refugees.
Right.
Just like the Haitians.
Right.
They're coming here looking for a better job.
Right.
They're not fleeing political persecution.
They're coming here because they're looking for more money.
Like the one guy that came here was already here in Arizona and didn't make out the first time.
Went back to Cuba, didn't do too good so we came back for another shot.
I didn't hope that it'll be a lovely or the second time around.
These people are fanatical.
It's pretty much along the same line as talking to the pro-wifers.
I mean, you just can't beat the dead of war.
You just can't get brutal.
No, because they're one-dimensional.
I mean, this is the only thing that they're focused on.
They got blinders on.
They're oblivious to anything else that might be going on in the world.
And they assume that everybody else, that's all they care about too.
And guess what, we don't.
I'd say it's aggravating.
When you mentioned before about not having a voice for, you know, I'm a non-Hispanic white.
Now, we don't really have a voice in the North-Kinx County.
I mean, if you're a white guy like me, you're basically, you know, you don't sound.
And nobody cares.
And nobody wants to talk about his fiddle.
And whatever the latest fanatical craze is going on, they're consumed by it.
And those goddamn Orioles, boy, I think God's going to get that.
And what are those Nullos games?
Yeah, well, they can all kiss my non-Hispanic white butt.
Oh!
Okay, sir.
See you there.
God bless you.
Yeah, he said you can kiss his rectum.
I'm both cheeks, okay, as what he said.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, pound, pound.
You know, why you hate the Cuban people?
Oh, shit.
I'll never forget her as long as I live.
He needs...
Why would you do this to me?
Yeah.
Oh, it was just unbelievable.
Oh, yeah.
That's what we should have had the last 48 hours playing non-stop on this radio station.
Maybe this town needs a gigantic, either an animal or an exorcism.
Oh, yeah.
That's what we can use.
A big, freaking exorcism.
Oh, we don't want too many priests coming down to this town.
With all the Catholics we got running around on a loose.
Oh, boy.
And by the way, for the guy before, I want to know how I like my Hispanics, I'll send him a picture.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
You.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
This is for the old bitch.
Nilly, why you do this to me?
Hey, you as great.
How you hate the Cuban people?
Why you hating me?
Yeah.
I got a question for you.
She's okay, that old bitch.
Yes, sir.
Cuban bitch.
Right.
I think there's about 10 million to 12 million approximately million people in the island of
Yeah, somebody said 11.
So that's why 11 to 10 and 12.
Good job.
Okay.
Somebody who's a real kind of linguist before calling.
And then they kind of, what would you say?
Like one million people, one million to two million?
One point two million Cubans.
That's too many already.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
But, yeah.
But, yeah.
But, yeah.
And then you say that at least 70% of the Cubans themselves were stuck in traffic.
Yeah, of course.
Can you believe that?
Oh, yes.
They were doing it to themselves.
That's it.
You know what that's like?
That's like when the blacks riot and they burn up their own neighborhoods.
What kind of crop is that?
It's the same kind of thing.
What kind of crop is that?
Right.
Yeah.
Can I say something to local folks up there in High Lea?
Yes, sir.
I moved out of there.
I went to Pemberbines.
I want to say something to them.
Go ahead.
I've asked them, I lost werewolves.
You do spags.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
Now we're getting the good stuff.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Upset.
Anybody doesn't understand all it means is.
Do you want to do this?
Do you want to do this?
Yeah.
That's all it means.
5670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Here in a place that God has just forgotten about.
Okay.
Thank God that.
Oh, God.
Can't forget.
Even if I wanted to.
So Peter Leonard's on a way back with my glasses and he went to where the lens crafters.
Thank you people at lens crafters for being there.
And I bet you without asking, I bet you the guy that you left the message on his machine.
Never called you back.
Oh, no, he did call back.
Oh, he did it.
1030.
Oh, that's not a bad time to, you know, crawl into the office.
Open up the door.
1030 in the morning.
Well, you probably had to check his voice.
You know, but you know, change the sign from closed to open.
Yeah, but you were calling him for like 20 minutes here and there was no answer.
And what did he say?
Did you just say no thanks?
I said no thanks.
We'd already dispatched our eyes.
But at least we know that he's there and every now and then he opens up before noon.
That's good.
Just in case there's another eye-glass emergency.
Well, glasses are opinion-y asks, but don't ever try to sell me on context.
Oh, hate them.
I mean, if you're real vain, I just, you know, I know some people like to add that are very vain.
Don't like glasses because they think it makes them look older.
In my case, what difference does it make, you know?
Is it going to make a difference?
No.
Is there any hope?
No.
So that's it.
So let me tell you about the kind of his spread away.
I like my Hispanics.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
You got it.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Hey, what's happening?
I like to say a couple things.
I love your show number one, but you know something, man, when you protest like that, I thought it was required to have a permit to protest in this country.
Most people need a permit to protest it like the helmet laws for the early people or the Haitians or anybody.
What is the big deal?
And not only that, but when they do have a demonstration.
In fact, the police over there on the beach said this is the first time that one of these has ever happened where the leaders of the demonstration didn't coordinate their activities with the police so that there could be some cooperation so that they could, you know, be prepared for it so that you could divert traffic or alert people not to go.
You know what I'm saying?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely no consideration for anybody else.
The Spanish language radio stations get on the air.
They whip these people up into more frenzy.
Right.
They do totally irresponsible things.
Right.
They create civil disobedience.
And the government doesn't do anything to my people.
And what about life of me, I don't understand that.
Absolutely, Neil.
And what about flying American flies?
These people are in the United States of America.
And not only that, here it is the fourth of July holiday weekend coming.
And we got to be treated to always coming as flags being waves on our face while you're stuck in traffic forms.
And you know, people are playing tickets, they're airplane reservations.
Right.
A lot of people like you said having babies before earlier this morning, Neil, this is ridiculous.
And a lot of people are stuck in traffic forms.
And it's only a miracle.
It's only thanks to the coincidence of miracle that none of these things happened.
That nobody died or there wasn't somebody to protest.
It was a miracle.
Right.
Not only that, a lot of talk about Castro's agents being put here.
This is all Castro's problem.
This is all Castro's putting people in here in this country to mess up our society being Americans.
Look at any neighborhood.
You know, bars on the windows and things like that.
Come on, Neil.
You know.
Well, that Castro's short story.
Oh, thank God nobody's getting carried away.
I say, I just sick and tired of the whole bunch of crap.
You know, I've been through 20 years of this swill and it just keeps getting worse and worse.
Every time you take it, make it a little bit of progress.
You take a half a step forward and 45 steps backward.
Every time you all this young guy, and by the way, I heard the beginning of Hang Show yesterday.
I wish maybe we'll someday get the first call off of his show.
The guy that said that Mayor penis looks like a faggot.
And Hang said, oh yeah, he kind of, yeah.
I realized Hang is near today.
He's not as way out to Vegas.
I hope he has a great time.
But it's real easy for the, you know, the jock mentality like on a morning show and certain other shows to get involved in this homophobic crap.
I'll be the one to call the faggot.
It's okay.
Let a spade call a spade of spade.
How about that old saying goes?
Yeah, I heard your call.
You jackass.
And Hang kind of like, think about it for a few seconds before I guess he decided to embark to launch it away.
And he does look kind of like, oh yeah, we know what those faggots look like, right?
Medicone, medicone, yeah.
Let's get back in about again, too while you're at it.
Yeah, why you don't like us or Cuban, the medicone is.
So anyway, we got 82 part series on old Cuban trolls that George is going to be doing starting next week.
26 past noon at 560 WQM. Are you selling your home?
Maybe looking to buy one?
Maybe you're moving out of date.
Oh, what a bad idea. Come on. Somebody's got to stay there.
Father, I'm just helping all the boys on a Catholic tour.
Oh!
When the fog gets blown over every US town, races are still too soon.
Medicone's red as a monkey's hat, and his rain was in his foam.
Chris and Scott was in games.
They were sick of stupid things.
We were all so close again.
Well, you're talking about China, don't.
Let me just be honest.
The campaign was positive and the commies betrayed both essentially makes the moves.
The traitors told us not to never let it once wrong.
He's been in career with Sputano inside.
Now and not safe from the red, are you safe?
You're taking no fees again.
Hail to the coward, innit?
Oh, that's a warrior.
Oh, that's a warrior.
Oh, that's a warrior.
That is a bad guy.
Oh, wow.
Wow, that is a bad guy.
Oh, wow.
Well, I got a factory that I would waste due time reading to because it's just a single thing you can want.
Why on your factory, there are muses already present to me as hysterical.
He says along all the other are condemning me and the callers and everybody else.
As far as humans going back to Cuba after Castro, that's absurd.
Cubans have already been uprooted once in a lifetime.
Why would the Cubans that have successful business in Florida, lawyers, doctors, and engineers be uprooted again?
So if that's the case and the successful here, what's the problem?
Oh, I'm sorry.
You're a gubaliable, innit?
Well, why? What did it not make?
Just take a few more relatives out if there's any left here, which I doubt there can be too many and that's it.
You'll love it North Dakota.
Here's one that says I was born in Cuba 40 years ago.
At age 12, my parents were granted a leave and we left the island, establishing residents in Madrid, Spain.
We struggled for four years, not only to make a living, but working toward obtaining a visa to leave the Spain and reach the US.
The original goal behind my family's decision to leave their entire family is just to get me,
there are only some out of Castro's Cuba and on the land of opportunity.
We eventually arrived in the US in 1977.
The conclusion to a long and painful struggle, but a legal struggle to achieve our original goals,
live and prosper in the US just to gain freedom.
My parents sacrificed everything.
Their homes and families to gain my freedom and they did it legally.
Not by swimming here, taking a raft or hiring an agent.
Regrettfully, I believe most of my Cuban compadres have forgotten their own roots and their own reasons for leaving the island.
We left seeking freedom while condemning dictatorship.
But once here, our payback to the country that opened the doors to so many of us,
is our adopted version of insulin, dictatorship and defiance.
It's embarrassing and simply intolerable to see people force their way of thinking onto a community that has given us the opportunity to something a great deal of people around the world would die for.
Freedom like a spoiled child that says freedom of exlamation.
Like a spoiled child that didn't get their way.
And embarrassing day for those of us of Cuba dissented says.
There you go. Thank you, sir.
Whoever wrote this, Mario.
Didn't read the last part of that too well because the punctuation kind of like they all off.
But I understand.
Yes, sir. How you doing, amigo? There's our colleague in a man.
Got some good water for us today.
Which I think there's something next to you in it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Yep.
I want to try to keep imposing and imposing and inflicting and making excuses.
The fact is we got a lot of bigots out there.
We got people that hate Cubans and Jews and fags in this one.
Oh, that's black.
But that's what we're talking about here.
Why you hate to Cuban people?
I mean, when I hear such stuff, it's just so pathetic.
And again, you're not fooling me because I've been through this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
I've been around a block with this.
Internationally, we're being made to look like the Banana Republic that we are.
But again, why should anybody care about that?
Because nobody cares about this place anyway.
How those junior Olympics going, by the way, the Pan-An game?
How those junior Olympics going, by the way, the Pan-An game?
Here's Miami Beach, hello.
I knew a good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Last minute reports from Radio Mumbi.
Radio Mumbi.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
You're glad you're here.
See?
I'm glad you're here.
and they're going to have a protest and massive protest on Southwest 8th Street and 13th Avenue.
Now, this is a protest to celebrate our victory in my card because we...
So, how can that be a protest?
Well, you tell me.
It's crazy.
Now, it's talking in series, let me tell you.
This is not accidental.
This is a well planned situation to gain control,
more control of this South Florida.
They are very worried because they have been serious talk after many years of confrontation between the United States and Cuba.
And that makes the ultra-high-wing elements in the Cuban community very worried.
What I'm trying to do now is again to continue that the same confrontation of many, many years we have with them.
This is not a joke.
These people were dropped.
These people came from the Bahamas because no way that they could get up to 84th and calling in that kind of a small, little, pretty boat.
So, I can tell you, this is something for the authorities to worry.
The Cubans in this community are not different than any other people in the United States.
What happened is they take what they have given them and more.
And if you want to blame somebody, don't blame this ultra-high-wing fanatics there like a bunch of car followers and leaders.
Is the politicians and the authorities in this community?
And the media.
And the Cuban media, of course.
No, and then the English language, they do.
They do the papers for the TV stations.
Not to what they do.
They bitch about, but they don't do anything about.
The hero is probably in this moment the leader of all of these scenes because they play it into the hand trying to get power, trying to share the power with the politician, the Cuban politician, which they never did before.
They used to confront an act like a normal United States newspaper, a newspaper today.
What they are trying to do because they find that that's the best way to have power in this community is to share that power with the Cuban politician.
So, maybe somebody in this community will await to what is happening because what is happening is very, very serious.
Okay, amigo. See ya.
56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Thank you so much, DePito Leonard, and thanks to the people of LoneCraftors for coming through for me. These glasses are great now.
They put a stud in there. Nothing like going on vacation with a stud.
Oh, he's not going. Here's a fact by the way that says, I understand you're having a problem with your eyeglasses.
My name is Dave Field. I'm district manager for a four eyes optical company. I'm dispatching one of my staff to the radio station with a, oh, why is he doing that?
What time did this come over? Or 10, 22 in the morning? Well, I guess he must have never gotten here. I hope he don't come here because I already got my, he must have been talking about him.
Thank you so much, Dave. The next time we'll take you up on, but okay, if I can go to save this thing. The guy from the water hill store was on his way here.
But he must have heard that we already sent Peter Leonard on to be able to do the job. Thank you, Dave. From four eyes.
Oh, he me hoses you more.
Oh, right.
Down the post depends on you.
And the powers you pose at.
Did you say to slide?
You're like, you're like, inside of God's hands.
First of all, first of all, first of all, you have a brand new style too.
We love the way you clap your dune.
You're stretching from the waist of my eagle.
He's going to eat blood.
Probably on a mobile, you're on WQAM. Hello.
How you doing, Hank?
Hey, man, I'm disgusted to. I'm Cuban. Again, I'm disgusted by Mayor Penelope number one.
Oh, what an asshole.
I'm just a little fat.
And he's just a...
What did you call him?
I don't want to repeat it.
No, go ahead. I didn't do it.
He's a little fat. He's a little fat. He's what he is.
Is he?
And he looks like one. I mean, he's just... he wants to be honest.
He is a little bit. He is a little bit...
I'm just trying to make sure that I'm...
That damn fat guy. I can't stand it.
Yeah, he's a little swishy, I guess, because you know all those metaconies. They're all little swishy.
I've got Erhammer.
Yeah.
He's been suspended. He won't be on today.
What?
Oh, he's been suspended for making that homophobic remark.
You're managed to be on it.
Yeah!
For the suspended Hank Goldberg at two today.
Here's the fact from Luis by the way that says,
I would like to start by saying I enjoy your show.
I always agree on all your views on certain topics.
Daniel, come on.
Especially on this Cuban parade of bull...
I thank you for mentioning earlier that you was an on his panic.
Don't generalize us Hispanics with Cubans.
Here you go, George.
Because I'm not Cuban, isn't it?
I was this pissed off as everybody else, because I was stuck in that traffic.
I don't want to be classified together with those other spics.
Thanks, Neil. Keep up the good show.
And by the way, how come you don't like the Cuban people?
Not just that at all.
I just said it out of Louise because I thought it was most amusing.
So George made a good point here several times over these last 25 years.
And that is that the Mexicans hate to Puerto Ricans and Puerto Ricans hate to Colombians.
And if it is Wail and say to Peruvians, and everybody hates the Cubans because they keep doing these things.
And if they would stop, we'd all like him a lot better.
Five is not how that's done by Tom Liergo.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound, five, six, eight on the mobile one line.
There's another good one for Bokobrine, by the way.
The Vatican Fag.
Or is that national, whatever it is.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Since you're talking about the truth so much, why don't you say what you did with Bob Link and that you ripped off in the Vegas trip?
Who got ripped off?
The public. You put it in the trip.
Did you go on the trip?
Yes, I did go.
Yeah, and how come now? How many years ago was that, sir?
It was like a couple of years already.
No, no, it wasn't a couple of years. The last trip we did with Bob Link and it was like five years ago.
Right. And how come you're waiting until five years later to launch a complaint?
I didn't have any complaint.
You said nobody had the guts to come out and set it.
And then come out and set it?
And set it.
And set it what?
I'll put the hotel.
That was the worst hotel.
If I invite you to Miami, am I going to put you in the hotel?
I'm going to put you in the best hotel.
The Imperial Palace is the worst hotel in Las Vegas.
We didn't have any problems there.
What are the worst ones?
No, it is not.
No, it is absolutely not.
The Imperial Palace is fine.
It's not one of the most fancy shman to your brand new.
There was nothing.
In addition to which, how come you're waiting until now because you've got some ethnic chip on your shoulder?
It's a complaint about a trickle on Vegas with Bob Link and which I don't want to hear your bull crap.
Okay, asshole?
See, don't deal with the issues.
Attack me now. That's right. Attack me.
Always a terrible trip.
So don't go again. Okay, asshole.
They probably still had a great time.
And by the way, when we went back to the go to the Imperial Palace, no.
We went to the MGM.
What does that have to do with blocking traffic?
It has nothing to do with anything.
Don't you understand?
Like I said, he has no response.
So attack me. Attack the messenger because he can't respond because like I said before, it's not rocket science.
It's very simple common sense.
So he's a professional Cuban.
So therefore he's just like the old lady, but with it, at least she can ride out with it.
You know, why don't you like the good and be able to at least she come right out with it?
Okay. This guy, he's got to go through Bob Link.
And by the way, did I attack Bob Link at any year, 50 million times for this?
Uh-huh.
Eight million times?
And we don't see him anymore.
By the way, since he tried to pawn me up on that seminar with Bob Atkins and that Julian Whitaker guy,
I didn't say the right things on that.
I don't see no Bob Link anymore with those vitamins and with those, uh, to travel books, I will survive without him.
I was the one that complained about how did this guy think I felt after having nearly having a nervous breakdown with Bob Link in those two nightmare trips to Vegas?
That second, you're standing there looking for the plane that was sitting there on the other side of the runway.
Oh, well somebody didn't play the Galgate fees while Bob's on a phone setting up his son's wedding in Vegas.
And I'm the one that everybody's coming to.
Neal, and of course, did we get any support from the radio station from Bob Green, your good friend?
No.
No. From Mick Alpole?
No.
Anybody, of course not.
Because they weren't making a lot of money on the deal.
So screw Neal, you know, he wanted this deal and the screw him.
And then of course we had to Steve Nickel deal with your good close personal friend Rocky, uh, rent a rear, whatever her name was.
Rocky a road.
What was your name?
Ruttenberg.
Ruttenberg, Ruttenberg, how could I forget?
You're not promoting this and I've got a damn it.
Are you spending any money on it?
No.
No, we're giving you a $50 million worth of free promotion, bitch.
You're not promoting it enough.
I was promised.
I was told by Steve Nickel.
Oh.
So anyway, have a good time in Vegas here and I don't go to the Imperial Palace anymore, but it's not that bad.
Great location right next to Anthel M.
Huh?
I hate the Imperial Palace.
And so do I.
I don't stay there, but I'm not saying it.
It's a great location.
I'm not saying I love the location.
Oh, yeah, the location's great.
In addition to which have we ever been in the Imperial Palace before?
No.
So what the hell did I know?
So if you want to make it complete, I'm sure you'll find Bob Lincoln in the phone book.
And if you do find it, by the way, let us know.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, how you going?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I have a question.
I don't understand why these Cuban people feel that we owe them anything.
Do you hate the Cuban people?
I don't hate the Cuban people.
One of them to stand is that I pay enough taxes.
Yeah.
And these people, if the living this country is a privilege, what we did out on the coastline, we've checked our country.
We don't need any more people coming into this country.
That is absolutely right.
We can't take care of the 260 million people we got already and we need more people coming up on shore and demanding to be here.
Yeah, well let me ask you this.
What's going to happen when the Cubans cash would die?
And he may have already been dead for a few years.
They may be re-running those videotape.
Yeah, I think so.
Oh, what happens when they do die?
And clicks in their heads.
Wait a second.
The party is over.
10 million people are going to float onto our shoreline.
That was an example the other day.
What are we going to do with six?
What are we going to do with 10 million?
Yeah, no, I think what we're going to have is about a half a million swimming back.
Yeah, 10 million.
We need to push them all back.
Okay, thank you.
There you go.
Five to see.
There you go.
You get people pissed off right away.
They say, okay, don't let the doors slam you in the ass in a way out.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Pomp five, 60 on a mobile one line.
Yeah, but these people are saying, well, they're saying these things because they're emotional too
and they get pissed off.
And that's the kind of hatred you engender when you do these kinds of unacceptable things
for no good reason whatsoever.
That's not acceptable.
I don't care what the people on Channel 4 or Channel 6 or Channel 7 or 10 or the guy named Harold or the Sunsendel.
I don't care what they tell you.
Because I know they're just pandering.
I could come on here and suck around too and put on this big act.
Oh, this was so courageous.
It was another smuggling routine is what it was.
That's all it was.
There were six people smuggled in and the Spanish language media got on there and every politician
that could get his teeth into it and get a piece of this act and sucked it, the bled it dry for every ounce that could squeeze out of it.
And that's the deal, you see.
And it is only a small fraction of the Cuban population in this town.
But they know that every time they want to whip up their troops, they can get at least a guaranteed number of people,
a few thousand every time to go out there and act like a bunch of crazy people and do whatever they want.
They know that.
Radio Mambe and Radio La Parosa, all these other piece of crap stations.
That do nothing but keep singing the same goddamn song 24 hours a day.
Do we have the same old pirate crap?
Just put it on the goddamn record, I'll be right back.
Let Gloria Stefan sing it.
Let's put it on the new planet.
Here's the mobile in the gable.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing Neil?
Okay, sir.
Listen, Neil, I'm going to start a Cuban's hate other Cubans here in my club in Miami.
All right.
Neil, I moved here.
I'm going to deal, Joanne.
62, I moved to New Jersey.
JP is thinking about it, if my mom approves.
I was raised by a beautiful, generous American couple and considered myself Cuban American.
I wear American flag t-shirts and all this business.
This year has got me so pissed off that I mean, I'm going to strike, but stopping traffic is not the way to get there.
I'm going to get people on this side.
And if I see you in my lane and I'm going to get later doing something, I'm going to instantly try not to have break trouble.
But I think I might develop some breaks up real quick.
There you go.
So hopefully, you know, and another thing is I got to say, well, my tears are my leader.
Willie Clinton, Willie, I mean, give me a break.
Willie Clinton is my leader.
I mean, who would you rather have somebody that makes the gars or someone that smokes the gars and uses its voice?
I'm going to smoke the gars and use it for something else and then get a little...
There you go.
Okay, God bless you, sir.
Thank you, David.
I'll be right next.
By the way, I forgot to mention this again.
So maybe they either had nobody show up there or they had a few people show up or one of the other, but they didn't bug us for another thing on this...
Oh, yeah, they did bug us about that.
I forgot.
Oh, did they have anybody show up?
I'm sure not.
Huh?
The QAM van is at the Amico gas station 2105 Biscayne Boulevard north of Miami Beach right now.
It says to one o'clock, but if they're smart, they probably left.
Lots of QAM goodies and wild, wild, west movie stuff.
And maybe if you're lucky, they'll let you buy some of those QAM t-shirts and hats that they're selling to the employees here at QAM.
And a discounted rate, like 50 bucks a pot.
I mean, that is something I'm going to take with me on my vacation and think about for hours and hours.
They are selling station promotional things to the people who work here.
Only the measly, measly, and Greg Reed could possibly ever come up with a scam like this.
There wasn't enough that we got that frantic facts from that Porsche Leopard and Philadelphia.
You can't even put a loaf of bread on the table for his family because they owe him the $75 since before Jesus was a baby who did a stringing job on a Marlins Phillies Games up there.
85 months ago.
Screaming begging for his money.
That wasn't bad enough.
But now they're selling stuff to the people who ever heard of working in a place where they said you anything.
Whoever heard of such a thing.
In fact, I maybe we can have the QAM commissary.
How does that sound?
The company store.
The company freaking store.
And there you go.
Maybe we could pay John Harry someday.
Yeah, if we just open a QAM company store.
You want some water?
Yeah, she can have the water concession, the water Nazi.
You want some water that costs you two bucks.
For a symbol for the course?
It's unreal.
Mobile in Kendall, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
I'm doing okay.
I'm an American of Cuban origin.
I must say I'm appalled and disgusted to display a big narrative by a local minority of Cubans in this community.
And I hope there is a soft water community that doesn't generalize.
Well, I don't, but I mean it's hard to do that because these people are very visible.
And these weren't just the old usual people that we see clamoring and carrying on.
These unfortunately for whatever reason were mostly young and middle aged people, a lot of young people.
And what the hell is that all about?
Well, the sad thing is that most of the young people are recent arrivals.
And the fact is that they come here...
I'm not so sure about that.
I think a lot of these people were born here.
Well, again, most of the recent arrivals, like these guys have just showed up.
They're making them out to be heroes.
You don't know who they are.
Right.
And a lot of them come here crying, political persecution, applying for political asylum.
And Neil, I know many of them who, as soon as they get their green card, they go back to Cuba
to spend dollars and have fun and bring Mama Sita, the near-figurator, whatever.
So they are not political refugees.
They're economic and migrant.
Right. No question about it.
Okay.
And so you have...
And the main culprits are, like you said, the Spanish station, QBA, Mambi,
whip up all the simple mind of fools and so of frenzy.
And that has been their gimmick for the past 30 years.
Yeah. That's how they stay on the air. That's how they stay on business.
When you connect you and feel the answer around, that's how they want to keep all the people, you know,
with the principles of frenzy.
Right.
And secondly, the finalist politicians we have, you know, when I heard Penela say in a television
that, well, people have a right to vend their frustration and protest in front of the MacArthur
Cosplay.
I'm going to say, maybe Penela's who are wrong, people have a right to organize protests, but they don't have a right to disrupt the
free flow of traffic for the rest of us.
Right. You know.
Okay, pal. Have a great day.
So why don't you tell our right?
Oh, Jay got away with her.
The ringing's warm up.
I'm so white and you wish, friends.
Or now we hear him say, be safe and if I go into my army way, think they'll blend in.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back to hell where you belong.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back to hell where you belong.
Go back, okay?
We should go into a next floor, so we can go through here.
Jack, come on, see any of your friends are in the asshole.
What you say to me, you white, you f**kers, I hear your words.
I'm the type that you want to ask and wouldn't be the first time I've got away with it.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
I'm not the type that you're about to be welcomed in the open bad neighborhood.
Except those people on social plumb by the way who all said, get the hell out.
Okay, don't come here, don't even think about it because the answer is no.
No, no matter what the question is, the answer is no.
Okay.
103 at 560 WQM got my glasses back, I can see clearly now that we don't have Johnny Nash.
Don't we want to play that song?
No.
You're probably here at the one that knew 103.5.
Now that Paxton and Quirch channel butchered up she and turned into the piece of crap.
They just added a couple letters after the SH.
What did it be, huh?
Here's a hi-lea, hello.
Hi-lea.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm seeing a tire of what's going on with these qubits blocking the highway.
This is so ridiculous.
It's embarrassing for us for qubits because we got some decent qubits out there but I'm just...
You know what I mean?
I mean this is ridiculous.
Okay, well we're going to do that starting tomorrow.
We're going to find out where the decent qubits.
All the decent qubits, please raise their hands.
Okay, enjoy it, forget about it because you got the bag over your head.
5.6705.60 on the 182 miles on one.
I go on vacation by the way George Montana is going to be filling in this time.
Where's that montagna?
Oh, that's right, it's a tent and I forgot.
Knowing you.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, sorry, we can check this speaker phone.
Are you there?
I'm here, are you there?
Yeah, I have a protest.
Go right ahead.
I spent $120,000 on my education at a university in Miami.
Right.
I can't get a job because I can't be expanded.
Right.
So I sit here right now talking to you, stuff in envelopes.
Uh-huh.
So I want to get all the reason graduates to meet me down on this game boulevard and you
want to join.
And we're going to block the traffic.
Okay.
Alrighty.
Okay, sweetheart.
All right, thank you.
Good luck.
Bye bye.
Poor baby.
Of course the problem is she spent all that money at the university of Miami.
Anybody ever get an education there?
No.
But she didn't understand that.
Too late now.
Sounded very articulate, very nice to me.
The problem is, no, it's big of a bottom, man.
And then she's out.
She's out.
Too bad.
Oh, yeah, we've heard that before.
We've heard it before in all the alienation and all the hostile attitudes.
And can't we just get long, like Rodney King said.
Can't we just get long?
Like most of the law enforcement officers in South Florida are saying, can't we just get long at that hot young
chick's house?
Can you hear any more about that story, I think, pretty soon?
No.
I doubt it.
They got it to the big old South Florida broom and swept that baby right on the covers.
Here's the mobile in Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello, this is Cuban's call of whining saying, please don't generalize.
It's not all Cuban, but they be the first one to generalize life.
From Georgia, they're all lady back on you.
They'd be saying, all those anglos, those negros, those, uh, Nicaraguaans.
Those Jews.
Not that I'm generalizing.
Those packets, right?
I hate them all.
Just the same.
Send them all back.
Okay, whatever you say.
I'm not, do anybody understand what he said?
No, he said send everybody back.
What did he from?
Hunger.
5670560.
I don't start getting antsy with this guy.
He had a point to make.
I'm not sure that I did.
I get it.
No, but somewhere along the line there eventually if I would have left them on a couple hours, he might have made a point.
What he was trying to say was that the same people that are saying don't generalize about the Cubans, they would be very quickly generalize about other ethnic minority groups.
And in some cases, he might have a point except the course of the old lady who said, why you hate the Cuban people?
Oh, I am telling you that just reverberates.
It's like sweet music in my ears.
It's just a sound of that lady.
She was, you know, just like every now and then you get a call from a real stereotypical New Yorker who sounds like a stereotypical New Yorker.
I mean, just a perfect, just fits the role perfectly.
And she was just to a T.
Just like Molly Goldberg was the old Jewish grandma's, this lady was the old Mamacita's.
That's, oh, it was per-
Why you hate the Cuban people?
Here's a lady in Papano Beach.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I really don't like what you're saying about the Cubans.
Which is what?
You know what the problem is?
What am I saying about the Cubans?
What am I saying about the Cubans?
Well, you're allowing all these people to call and insult us.
Okay.
What do you mean by that?
I'm allowing everybody to matter what their viewpoint is to call in and say what they think.
And if they get to obnoxious, I cut them off.
Is that okay or not?
Or should I let...
Oh, and she hangs up the phone.
She hangs up the phone.
We've had Cubans call in.
We've had red necks.
We've had non-Cuban his Spanish.
We've had every kind of person on the Sun call today.
People are whipped up and pissed off about this.
And she's upset that I'm allowing them to say it because you know it is only American.
People are supposed to say, and we've had plenty of calls that didn't make it on the year of sweetheart.
Because they were too obnoxious that I dumped and didn't make it to the light of day.
And I'm giving you the opportunity here to say your piece.
And as soon as I say the slightest thing that you don't want to listen to, click.
Well, guess what, okay?
Have a great life.
Have a real great life because obviously you must be busy taking them up the butt.
Eight minutes after one.
Well, she's probably got a big fat rectum.
Not that we want a stereotype to know or generalize.
But we hear about that.
Up the butt.
Stuff all the time in that particular part of town where she's from.
Eight minutes after one on that side of the railroad track.
Not that we want to generalize.
No, we'll shop.
This is another eight.
Water.
14 feet above the key of the set number.
It's like I think the wrong week.
We're smokers.
In a four feet.
In all three holes.
And in board room six.
It's like I think the wrong week.
Quick three.
When can we get on the way, you damn it.
Get that finger out of your ear.
You don't know that finger's been.
That's five compartments and it looks like a big Tylenol.
She can say it's not.
With the first four compartments reached, but not five.
It's like I take the wrong week when I'm fed a meat.
The water was filled over the tops of the bulkheads.
There's no stopping.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here's a fire at the heart.
For this moment, no matter what we do.
New John, big tree.
Titanic will founder.
I just want to tell you both good luck.
We're all counting on you.
Oh, and please you may get your headlines.
Mr. Miss Smith.
There's a sale at pennies.
Jack, I want you to draw me like one of your friends.
Oh, wearing this.
Where did you get that dress?
Yes, it's off on those shoes and that's called shoes.
113 to 560 WQ.
We got the mad dog Jim.
All right.
Manage it to a clock.
Thanks, Honest Way to Vegas.
He'll be on vacation.
But he will be on air from Vegas tomorrow.
Plunge in his brains out.
And I'm sure Tony's winning a lot of money, whether he is or not.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I think you make a good point.
I think we should all forget about the labours about us.
We're good at this.
Reg, see?
And I think we should explore this.
I don't see it.
I mean I probably couldn't see it anymore.
Now, these are those two  laws.
What's the business that I am watching?
these things that happen yeah i mean the one thing that we are in our isn't
our government composed of the politicians that you just said you don't have
an opinion on one way or the other
i got a opinion but you know i'm not just some like an inanimate object or
is it the made up of people
you have a lot of people but but you have to remember to that you know it's
it's up to our government to make a stand on immigration
yeah and so i mean i mean last night was a prime example i mean when you can go
out and and and go through a lot of six people just to go to immigration
like that we still got uh... ten thousand people still waiting in the
country legally right not to mention all the thousands of people are behind
the bars of chrome too by the way some of whom are being held indefinitely
are there in limbo
yes but yes but what is my me and the politicians and the people who live
in my me now what do we go to
now to to improve things and make things better we don't
we don't because the rest of us don't have any constituency nobody cares about
anybody else in my me except those people have the illiterate on a ross
latent in the
link in the as bar to those people screaming in the wash and there's no
constituency for the rest of the soft floor
i i would hate to think that
well uh... that's the way it is
he would hate to think but that's where it is five six seven oh five sixty
five sixty i shouldn't have said that because now he's i've been spoiled his
whole uh... day his whole life
okay go back in all i'll answer and pretend that there people read their
going to back for all the rest of us here in south florida
see they've written off south florida they've written it all off
they don't really care that's the federal government they don't give a
crap about us and they want the votes and federal elections but other than
that they don't care
that happened way back to the end of ragan
in fact i can remember having a guy and i know this this was choice i had the
two-guessam on a w's new years and years ago this was uh... right now eighty
eighty one million both of them
and basically they said that that this is i mean they didn't put in these words
on paraphrasing but this is dumping ground for latin america and that's what
they decided they basically written off south florida for any other purposes
whatsoever and that's just the way it's gonna be and if you don't like it
to bad
and i prefer using that much i mean they were pretty blunt about it
and i said back in little bit of
duck masters blunt that was long before i found some nixon all those great
cigars he's got i've been up a blunt and i went to
okay
here's homestead hello
and you yes sir
how you do pretty good
i think we have agreed with that uh... lady called in earlier about uh...
where she paid all the money and can't get a job
i think we have to use this to our advantage
is uh...
get a bunch of our friends with you but you go right ahead sir
i don't want any part
five six seven i mean uh... you know talk about the responding to
aberrant behavior by doing it yourself now i don't i don't participate
or do i encourage the market i can't them it okay i can't them it
violently strongly enthusiastically hardly a unit of a way it's a little
just don't do it
if somebody else is out there uh... you know crap in the street that doesn't
mean you should go out there and squat to the final of the answer you get it
or not no i didn't think so
here's pinecress tello
nil yes sir
uh... for the right here fifty two years
so when
the tanks
in homestead
went down there
said i'm for it you know protect these people
yesterday
my wife needed
chemo therapy
could get to the hospital
shisman
and like that
answer
anybody looking out there
list this
thank you
nilok to you sir
if you're anything i could say about that
five six seven o five sixty five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line
but the politicians don't care about the skyer is why do they
no or but anybody else who like uh... you know old people over there in the
beach no anybody who was in the middle of all that traffic that may have been
uh... any of these things they don't care
and none of you ask all sent a media by the way on any of our channels are
talking about these things
because it's a it's just amazing it's astonishing we're talking about
four million people here in south florida and there's only one group of
people that's got any constituency and the rest of us and all can go to hell
that's beautiful
thank you so much for four six seven and ten thank you so very much for
caring enough not to send you very best and blow it out to raster at it
here's pompano hello
they knew yes sir
one about that neton and
gain you
you know they have our cops regulate in the traffic in there
but uh... they have problems with the illegal fireworks
i don't see how they
they can not
and the second one is uh... about
uh... anybody get that
here
yeah what was it nettoon or your rain is i think it was practically
rain as he was on
here's pepper pines hello
hello
yes sir
i know i don't think
uh...
i'm gonna comment on a long horseman standpoint of you
with regards to the incident
people need to realize that there were contingencies of officers
mobilized to deal with the situation
however
i don't need to say no more about county government and the individual who's
running by me day counting
the end of the yet issue would have been addressed
but decisions were made
people need to realize that the officer work in the road those doesn't make
the decision right will obviously
uh... so
the issue
and the decisions were made
at a higher level sure
the second issue is
i think the county doesn't realize that they have set a precedence because of
any other
ethnic
religious
homophobic
whatever group you want to call right
that the size of the gold and expressway and shuttle roadway down yeah
they'll be able to do it
because of any action is taken against them
now be considered the chairman of the board
and i'll have to lost to this probably going to follow absolutely correct
the third issue is
you think that any other major metropolitan area
including a county that we both live in
what a tolerated the actions of the individuals
that night
course not
so it just upset me
you understand i understand that you know you got to do your job and uh... you
don't make policy
we have to go by that policy and we're that we do work on okay
but i feel sorry for all the people that were stuck in that traffic
and i feel really bad for the individual just called regarding his wife
but uh... those are all those of us who are here
who are not at sixteen year old houses we're still trying to do a job okay
hang in there pal i take care of thanks
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight and it goes back
again the vacuum leadership of vacuum of leadership for all the rest of the
people
and it's not it's not just a question of cubans it's a question of the people
at least few thousand people
who go without their industries and participate in these things
and are the ones that make all the noise in all the disruption
the three thousand or four thousand or two thousand
however many it is each and every time the stuff goes on whether it's about the
godwood is a little damn banana boat a couple months ago
or the fact you were also playing some stupid baseball games
or uh... this thing yesterday whatever it is
so it's not that they're catering to one point three million people
what they're catering to is the few thousand people
the listeners the lackeys of Spanish language radio who go out there and
disrupt the whole community
those are the people that run all of south Florida
four million people whose lives and faith in everyday life is determined
quality of that life by a few thousand selfish
imbisels who have no concern for anybody else
nice call in mayor penis and mayor carroyo in all you other
pandering assholes you
three thousand out of four million that's not a very good constituency if you
ask me
and i'm going to tell you mayor penis by the way come to twenty-nine to july
you and your cronies and mirrored steerheim you're in for one hell of a big
surprise
the chance you got about as much as a passing that penny sales tax with his
metro fail in your bus pull crap as you have a walk out in the backyard and
find in seventy five million gilders from netland just flew in with a bunch of
free uh... dope okay
no chance none
third-day july twenty-ninth i'm a man where we already got a mark on
the calendar we're going to spend the entire god damn day that day and i'll
make sure that everybody also media does the same thing
to get everybody who's registered in the county out there to vote a big
fat
on his bullcrap that you're trying to put over on the public again with a fixed
election on a third day in the middle of july when ninety percent of the
people with a brainer out of town
why don't you just get a billboard campaign going hey we got another fixed
election coming up
we got you screwed
because that's what you got in mind
because you know that if you try to do it like in the middle of uh... you know
it in the like in november on ordinary election days
there would be a china and shanson held you get anybody not even a prayer
when most of the people are here
let's pull a fast one again and it's got this guy ought to be impeached this
mayor penis he ought to be impeached his freaking little tandy as ought to be
impeached right now
because he's not the mayor of all the people of the day county he's the mayor
of a bunch of hysterical irresponsible people who go out of the wherever
Spanish language radio tells him to do and break the god damn law
that's who he's the mayor of
and everybody else be damned
and by the way nice back behind the door deal with mc year is in two
out of your cronies over there to her old
twenty ridder and those assholes nice call mayor penis you phony
his name should be changed from a pina's the penga that's what he is
mayor penga that's what i'm going to start calling from this day forward
here's a mobile in my any hello
ill yes sir
just to show you how bad this count is
i got out on the Miami and pull parmin so once along
the metroid building
and you walk in there
and there's not one person that speak in english okay thank you
here's a lady in four-letter deal hello
yes ma'am okay
i just wanted to say that all the people that are calling about the cubans are
very envious
because see
it only took like you said three or four thousand people but we do have millions
that were available to go if this thing lasted any longer
what would mean they were available to go well it's a lot of your speaking for
all the cubans in south florida ladies that what you are you that you're the
folks lady lady let me tell you something blow it out your ass
that's right
and i got news for i wouldn't let around one more second because that's
exactly the last kind of call that i'm going to put on this show
some bitch trying to speak for one point three million people who not only
hey they had every opportunity to be out there
but they didn't and they weren't and they wouldn't be
wonderful lovely people like you i got news for i'm not envious of you sweetheart
because you're a flaming asshole you're an imbicill
you need to be on the god damn banana boat going one way do south or east or
wherever anywhere offshore out of here
we have an endless supply of people who do whatever it takes to
what is that great isn't that fantastic
she's the director of community relations for south florida hallelujah
god there's another lady that probably has taken it up the butt too much
affecting her brain this is the amacic gel but we minding you not to drink and
drive this how they seize it
now
y
I love the recent taste of strange hands on my body.
I see it.
I do what this shot I see downstairs.
And I see take this close off and start dancing in the aisle.
Well I know that I should make them stop putting on with these things.
Alright.
Welcome.
Welcome by the way we're Channis Ponyel, we'll get on.
131 at 560 WQA and 567 05 60.560.
I'm 18 T wireless line as if we need to give those numbers out today.
It's your mad dog, man.
We're in Goldberg between 2 and 6 this afternoon.
Well I'm sure we'll have his own.
Perspectations observations of the passing scene here in South Florida.
As if we haven't all been through this over and over and over again.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay sir.
The problem with Mayor Lentenis and the rest of these...
Mayor Pingang yes?
Yep and the rest of these Cuban politicians is they don't understand what democracy is all about.
Democracy is doing what's best for the majority while protecting the rights of the minority.
Right very well put.
I'm doing what's best for the minority while stepping on the rights of the majority.
Right.
And it's pretty ironic that the scream and shout about Castro and the communist does,
but they're becoming the same tech.
And it's getting ridiculous and I just hope that as voters we can do something about it.
Well it starts July 29th.
Don't forget.
Yes sir.
Just saying no to Mayor Pingang.
Got it.
Thank you.
132 at 560 WQM and of course I'm sure that they'll be trying to make political hangout
of what's happening these last couple of days.
Come that election.
Oh look at here's the big hero.
Here's the leader of Dave County and he would never lead you astray and be sure and you know vote yes and support Mayor Pingang.
Yeah because this thing is going to be great this Metro Rail train to know where that's already a billion dollar boom doggo
and everybody laughs at all over the world.
And we'll see if we got to you know a few people that still have some balls in Dave County in a brain larger than God damn ball bearing.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Okay.
I think it's so stupid what these Cubes are doing.
I mean they think they own the whole world here doing this thing.
I mean I have to take a relative to the hospital.
Okay.
At that time guess what?
I couldn't make it to the hospital.
I don't think that was funny.
Yeah.
I think that's the most ridiculous thing in the world.
Okay.
And a few years back I needed some help from the government.
Okay.
I couldn't get help from the government.
But now they come from Cuba.
Okay.
And they get all the help in the world and everything in the world you know and then they come here and sit on their ass for nine months without doing anything.
Yeah.
You think that's right.
I think that's so unfair to us.
That's the thing I'm going to do.
That's right man.
I think you know what?
Let me just say one thing.
Take him, mom, me, the coolos, all of those.
Okay.
5.67.
I don't know.
You're the interpreter.
You didn't make any kind of a...
Okay.
Okay.
George said...
Okay.
5.67.
Of course no matter what you would have said he would have said...
Okay.
...and beside the point.
And of course I know no bigot of Bonnie.
I know nothing.
I don't have to agree so fast.
Here's Hialia.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
When Q will become free, I'm the one who's going to go...
The first one will go back.
Yeah.
I'm the first one who's going to go back.
I'll pack you a million notes.
So I'll pack you a million notes.
So I don't have to put up with answers like you.
Okay well thanks for listening though to the NEO Roger Show on 5.60 WQM
because we know you've only got another 150 choices on your AMNFM dial.
But thank you so much for listening to this show.
And by the way, call the cops because if there is somebody there holding your gun to your head
forcing you to listen to 5.60 we want to know who exactly it is.
Because maybe we can boost our ratings by doing that all over town.
5.60 WQM.
Oh yeah.
I am just wounded a quick pal.
I'm just so wounded I don't know whether it's scream or either banana.
Here's a call from you of M.
Yes sir.
Can barely hear this guy.
Yes sir.
Oh like you said it was a call from UM.
There you go.
What do you expect?
Am I ever getting calls from UM?
Do we ever get calls from UM?
No.
You know just like that poor young lady that spent what she saved 400,000 dollars to try
to get an education her family wasted a million dollars to try to get her education of UM.
And now she's sitting on a street corner stuff in envelopes.
Go to our real school pal okay.
Go to like Miami date or something like that or Nova or anything.
Here's a mobile informed Myers hello.
Mobile informed Myers going once on our dime 12 minutes and 18 seconds they couldn't handle it.
Okay.
Probably got shot off.
5.670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Mobile informed Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I was in Cuba about 20 years ago.
You were what?
I was in Cuba.
Is that where they put the clothes pin on your nose?
That's why I don't call.
Okay.
I mean I'm not thinking of the way you speak but it's so hard to understand.
I have a defect.
You have a one?
A defect.
Okay.
All right.
Well I want to make it common.
Go ahead.
Just a little louder.
I was in Cuba 20 years ago and I have compassion for those people who try to get it to this country.
But if you think this thing through, this is a legacy of lots of connoza and here's Cuba and America and the fun.
No, whatever they want to call it.
The foundation yes.
We should be having relations with the country years ago and you wouldn't have these pre-force carving event and seeking freedom in this country.
That is correct.
That's why I observation.
Okay.
Thank you sir.
5-6 I'm not sure if I should make fun of the way.
It's just one of those things.
The least he was up front about.
5-6705-60-560 on the 18th.
Why was it like this if there was a guy?
There wouldn't be people with him.
A lot of things.
Tumors on the knee, all these other things that are going on.
And God just keeps missing and missing and missing.
Here's the crawl springs.
Hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yes sir.
When I turn on the radio yesterday and again today,
I'm just thinking for myself, basically, you could have stayed home and played the best Nail because this thought,
this is not the first turn, sadly, and not the best.
No, it's not.
I gave it out.
It's a replay.
It happens over and over.
Okay, I said yes, they're neurotic repetition.
They keep making the same stupid idiotic and mistakes over and over again.
All these things keep what?
Playing over and over.
You could have stayed home, played the best Nail, and nobody would know the difference because the state got the M thing has happened before.
And it's probably going to happen again.
Sure.
That's the status part.
Well, they're promising Saturday.
They're going to be out there stirring up a bunch of crap again.
By the way, I'm an American board in Cuba, but I think it's a spectacular cutting off traffic and everything else.
It's not the proper thing to do.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
See you.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
It's not a tough one.
It's not too tough to figure out.
You don't go out there and block off the roads.
You don't go out there and jeopardize public safety.
You don't disrupt other people's lives because you got an ask to grind.
Okay?
And it was so right on target with so many people said, you know, when you start caving in and you keep caving in air every time over, okay, whatever you say, whatever you say, we're helpless.
We won't, we won't, we won't ever, where do they ever draw the line?
At what point do you draw the line?
And say, hey, we're the God-Den government.
We, this is a country of laws.
We're going to enforce the laws.
If you want to change the laws, go to your aliena Rosanna-Dena, and we'll work on changing laws and discuss it.
But stop trying to stick it up.
Everybody else is buttoned destroy their lives because you all bent out of shape because you got your one dimensional.
Get the blinders off.
There's a whole big world out there.
I know it comes in a great shock to you, but there's a big, big wide real world out there.
And unfortunately, we're not in it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
And have a nice day.
Okay, that was good. I got to do the break anyway.
That was probably an act of, uh...
Deal, God.
5607-0560, pound 560.
I'm the AT&T line.
21 before 2 at QAM.
All right.
Yeah.
Tell me that you love my life.
Yes.
But I know that you keep on checking my life.
I play you close on every beat.
Up the butt.
Up the butt.
Yes.
All right.
You should be scared of me.
Cause you could go to jail and just be with me.
Get my friend.
You and her friends are me.
She's 25, but she's just AT&T.
No, 15.
Other my life's a free.
Daddy called a costless man.
I got the perfect chance to be.
Because I've had such a big.
No, I'm not good.
When you find me.
My budget seems right now.
Oh, my show.
All right.
She's a manager.
She okay.
She's 25.
You should be scared of her.
Yeah, there's no need for rolling stones.
She's 25.
She's 25.
She's 25.
She's 25.
She's just 15.
145 and 560.
WQM.
Here's a fact from Javier, a young Cuban who says the so-called leader of the
Democratic democracy movement is that Jackass Ramn Salos Anches was nothing but a
media horror and one of the instigators of the civil disobedience.
He says basically he ought to take it up the butt is what he says.
Thank you, Javier.
Or he says he does take it up the butt.
Something like that.
Anyway, it's according to two.
We got Jim Mad Dog managed for a clock.
It's a great day in a big city and maybe someday will like to come down to earth.
Do you think so?
No.
Some day soon, like someday in the next four or five hundred years.
Because six thousand years from now, who's going to remember all this crap?
Just keep that in mind.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
New God.
Speaking.
New, I'm second time all these Cubans washing up on the guy they were sure.
What's that they're going to get a guy they're lunch truck?
And you're still a fool out there?
Didn't you see it?
They had a head media not chasing whatever else they were saw.
Jeez.
I mean, it was me.
I thought it had some ravens on too when they were on the boat.
Yeah.
You know me?
Okay.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
In fact, the good news is, I mean, in every dark cloud is a little silver lining.
The good news is that the federal government of these six Cubans are washed up on sure
into the condo that OJ was going to buy in Cocoa Plot.
There you go.
So at least we're keeping his ass out of here.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Nitto.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
This is our first time calling a long time listener.
My question is about the Cubans that are rocking off all the highways.
Yes.
We have none of us Americans going over there in cashrolls, Cuba, rocking off his highways
because if we did, he knew what he would do for us.
Yeah.
He'd say, thanks to the memories needing rolling right out.
Yeah, why don't they go up and drop up on cashrolls, Cuba?
And see what happens.
Okay.
Let's give it a shot.
Hey.
And have a great day.
Hey.
Up the butt.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, on the 18t wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah.
You're really filing a gel to the Cubans, I think.
Yeah.
I mean, you're really jolt of them, aren't you?
No.
Are you?
No.
I pull out them.
They stay up for the right.
Yeah.
They mobilize.
They have a right to block their traffic.
They have a right to block off traffic.
They don't have a right to take it.
Where does it say that?
Where does it say that?
Where does it say that?
It says that's one of their right.
You did it.
Ashole.
Where does it say an asshole like he's got a right to own a phone?
Does it say that anywhere?
No.
The Constitution.
No.
Go confiscate his phone, okay?
Because he's an asshole.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, on the 18t wireless line.
Yeah, I'm jealous.
Here's a mobile and cutlery.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Two things.
One, I agree with you that what Cuban food was wrong.
And I mean, I've really had to spend here since I was three years old.
I'm 43, so I'm as American as you can get.
But there's something that's interesting here and you've got to think about this.
Okay.
I got a Myron for one thing, at least like the guy in Hollywood, you didn't agree with they stand up.
My wife made this comment because I'm married on American.
And if the Americans would do the same thing, you wouldn't have this DS that's going on in the school.
She wouldn't have this DS that's going on in our government and all the corruption.
I'm not talking about going out and walking the road because that's wrong, but at least standing up for your rights.
And it seems that a lot of Americans don't care about education.
Do you understand that if the Americans cared about education, we'd have better schools.
It's not a priority.
Americans don't give a crap about that because if they did, they'd be screaming bloody murder and something would happen.
They don't care about that.
Yeah, that's going to ruin us in the end.
Well, it's already is, but you know, you repel you so hard for the old crap-goes.
Yep.
Okay.
I have a great day.
I love yourself.
Thank you.
Yeah, I mean, you know, if people make enough noise, the old saying about the squeaky wheel gets the something.
What does it go?
Up the button.
Yeah, that's right.
But they're not squeaking it.
I mean, if they threaten to take away social security now, the right tomorrow, then you'd hear some screaming in the Ellen.
If they threaten to close down the Eurlie Bird dinners all over town.
Oh, you hear screaming in the Ellen.
But people are screaming about the wrong crap.
That's the problem.
But this guy, I mean, you know, his intentions are good, but you want to change human nature or the least of the American people.
They're just indifferent.
They don't give a crap.
They're just in La La Land.
Like Howard Beale said, they got their steel-belted radios and their big-screen colored TV.
And that's all leave them alone in the cut the crap.
Isn't that what he said?
Uh-huh.
