Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
You've talked to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for date and travel.
Count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast role.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
You're supposed to take a **** in front of Jesus?
The most explosive fan of the 70s is back here.
Here's his back here.
Slime and concert.
There's an engrary in there coming your way.
Our favorite here is all babies.
We're the favorite babies.
That I can hear you calling my hearing aid is dead.
Ah, what a lucky house I am.
If there's every day, I want to watch ring rod and stuff that I play.
Play a big go every day.
The hottest band of the 70s.
Jesus, it's fair.
Coming soon to an old phone.
So near you.
Stop it.
Stop it.
Stop it.
I can't hide it.
It's getting out.
Stop it.
My hearing aid is up the blink.
I'm going to have to go out and play.
I'm going to have to go out and play.
I'm going to have to go out and play.
I'm going to have to go out and play.
I'm going to have to go out and play.
Bump off on
a helmet before it moves away.
Is it a gooly thing or Guanj toes?
What it could be?
My staples are leaking.
They are just some places.
How many gloves balanced the stand don't smell bad?
There's a good lesson for all you fat people in the audience.
on your real tubs of lard if you're going to be that fat have some kind of a
partner okay who like uh... washington places that know that some kind of a
real close partner who washington places that you couldn't possibly reach and
nobody also think about touching that's right
poor rose man i wonder why she was wearing that oxygen mask that issue came in
at any rate so we start with the uh...
raw and i'm going to start with this
with that
uh...
hey listen we're talking about fat disgusting people why can i talk about
somebody beautiful and it probably smells pretty good too
you know i'd be honest with this place this is what not only a fat but are
pretty ugly place to their some
attractive women here
so in your case you're in good shape
but other than zoltan okay which we are going to know zoltan is a walking
hongiri and god
he is he's a good looking guy
even if he is kind of a screw up
but then you write uh... really this is a really ugly place there are a lot of
ugly people in this joint
other stations i've worked at that they were pretty ugly too
so ugly business man
maybe that's why we're not on tv
so anyway pick up my hero this morning which usually gives me nothing but
uh...
bookies where they read the hero that open up to the sports section and i look
on the bottom there and i'm going to tell you something i said to myself
oh my god
now i don't know about you but when you see a human being i'm not talking
necessarily about somebody who is sexually attractive to you although that
helps a lot
when you see somebody that looks this good
it kind of like gives you inspiration to continue like going on with life you
know what i'm talking about i would get you in a minute
and there's a story about it says crunch time it's all the time
and here's a picture of the chest rippled
brinden barmer former paul metal high swimming in water polo star
was flown to new york city in the search for merris best abs
on feb or the third barmer did sixty one hundred abdominal crunches to
finish second no less
sixty one hundred you know how many that is
he's crunching it
it says the king of crunch lives in my any has a stomach of steel and the rest
of me too bad either so susan dela whatever in english
i said here and i'm looking at the fact i'm just going to say here looking at
this picture all day because i say to myself
oh my god
that gives me the inspiration to continue living
now he lives here in my any where we're going to find him
well he does go to uh... dukein
he's a twenty year old walk on swim right to came university in pizzeria
that's not that far away
their planes coming back and forth from pizzeria all the time we have to find
uh... what does that brinden barmer soon
real soon i just thought i mentioned that okay
and even you guys out there all you real macho straight guys you look at that
you know that it's a good to get into george in george went
oh my god
he said i wish i looked like that
so anyway just thought i mentioned that something a little bit uplifting
something that looks your spirits up because you know we do like looking
looking people
i mean sometimes their assholes and sometimes they get off with very serious
crimes i was reading the story about that the other day but if they look good
we can't like them a lot better ugly people like most of us you know take
them or leave them
before get to lyric king stuff this uh... memo i don't know how to approach this
you know
roi we've intercepted a q a a men out man uh... memo and of course this is the
q a m f and way i guarantee that what this memo is all about
now i want you to understand up front we like
roi i got a bad guy case of good guy were foster the former dolphin hot shot
superstar
good player good guy
kind of like uh... moses around here like uh... yeah
moses around
but it's like mark mostly
he mostly's around
but anywhere there's a disgusting state one of the things about the place here
with the untouchables i've been talking about the little core great reason for
the
not only are they untouchable but they like slathering that everybody's face
they love rubbing your face in it as often as they can
which is their way of saying i'm untouchable i'll do whatever i want and uh... you
know you'll probably get pissed off about it but too bad
like i said like a kindergarten
and i like that
you know i mean bro i'm sure he does
so here is a
memo that was released to the entire staff
by luan winix scruan our sales manager one of our many sales managers
of course i don't see any of our sales managers including roi perry
rapier whatever's the name of
yeah i haven't seen them in roi
ray wealth close
i haven't seen them in so long that easy forget his name well he was going to be
down here very Tuesday we're going to have those meetings but but but but you know
another bringing me which doctors in the highly a part that i wanted you know
do you want to do these spots
hialia no thanks but anyway getting back to uh... roi
so scruan puts out this memo which is a way again of smear i mean people already
know this i guess from what you told me this morning this is already kind of
known around the building but to put it yesterday but i know that but i'm
just saying but to put this in print
is like to all of the other sales holes which they're always screwed over our
sales people i mean we got some sales people are pretty nice people and then we
got uh... others
but i mean uh... i always i do that always screw in them over as much as
possible holding back their commissions playing games with their money
anything they can to screw over their life
because it's the greg read f and y
i want to read you part of this memo okay because it doesn't say not for
broadcast on it
does it no no
this is from scruan our sales manager says as most of you already know
we've restructured roi
position with wq in order to better utilize his
talents
also as most of you know roi is a former long-time amida often in pro
boulder with a very recognizable name
responsibilities will now consist of calling new clients interest them in
advertising of what wq women all of our sports properties once
ron i thought of an appointment with a potential advertiser and account
executive will be assigned to work the account along with ron
the account executive will perform the normal responsibilities while
responsibilities at that point becomes more of a
pr function
i suggest that if you're having a problem getting to a decision maker and think
that might he might be a sports fan have
ron make the call for you you should also bring
ron to appointments that'll help you add sizzle to the meeting
ron is available to autograph signing appearances for a fee of
and he says he will voice this box for free you may also utilize
ron to personal endorsement commercials for a fee of
for month however i'll approve the endorsement before
this finalize to the client if i have any questions please see me scruan
winek
now ron like i said is a good guy and of course George don't like him because
your just a little racist he's my best friend you know he's a good guy really
is the topic people are going to think i'm picking on
ron i'm picking on scruan not picking on her i'm just outing her again
for slathering this in everybody's push and rubbing the salespeople's
faces in it one more time and a big fat pile of
not mean wrong that but he is a big fat guy but he's a good guy
but it's just the idea that she's like why not get us why not since we don't
have any promotional billboards for the people on the year why not
buy a bunch of billboards that say
roar and qm face man
and even though he doesn't really go out and actually sell anybody
he's our face man and he's an ex-dal fan and he's got a jock strap he still hangs
around somewhere and uh... basically that's what roar
while the rest of our salespeople's of course get kicked in the teeth kicked in
the ass beaten over the uh... everything else we can do them scruiden there uh
wallet
you see because
roar is real tight with one of the untouchables and when you're tight with the
untouchables then you're also kind of like uh... semi untouchable yourself
maybe kind of like rubs off squirt squirt
lightly lightly touchable lightly untouchable
although he does smell a lot better than uh... Josh Friedman
so i just thought i'd mention that because that was laying around you know
these memos give distributed all over the building and i thought it was kind
of interesting because it's the qa mf in way
just keep insulting everybody as much as humanly possible and the a little
core of a kitty core up there regs personal friend keep just the
manipulating and writing these memos and selling everybody and i just
laughing at their post keep rubbing it up
writing it in there i'm out of control
congratulations get a life you love them as pressure on tears you
cherished in this ranger on
frasier now seventeen time any winning and thirty eight time betty for residing
kelsie grammar is delving into uncharted territory with kelsie grammar
things very white you don't mind my saying so
i feel that your love far exceeds that which i can get enough of
or it was not to conclude by thought with the proposition as it were
oh your love i cannot get enough
not since William Shander's losing the sky with diamonds and patoons tooty fruity
as there been such a torrid juxtaposition of an anglo-oriented song stylist
interpreting otherwise enjoyable soulful melodic renderings
pardon me man but when would be a convenient time for you and i to
get it on oh yeah my mojo is working
besides i think it is plus if you act now we'll throw in at some additional charge
a free bonus track of mr. grammar's stirring rendition of i's a case
shabby would you happen to be privy to the knowledge of who that
african american tech divis for whom many of the young ladies have
amorous feelings oh yeah for your done to me so get kelsie grammar things very
white he makes very white very white oh i really got my
book of work now watch me work
okay ten fifteen at five sixty wqa m anybody by the way in this audience go to
a high school of palmito senior highwood Brendan Barmer
well yeah maybe somebody in the audience showered with him yet ever know
get all of the details ten fifteen at five sixty wqa m so anyway this morning
before we get to lyric king thanks hank left me a great piece thank you hank
a great piece from yesterday's new york post which goes to show that neo
rangers isn't the only person in america who's willing to tell the truth
about lyric king and what a professional ass sucker he is which he is
about the linda trip piece see i asked about that yesterday because that was at
the hockey game the night before so i didn't have a chance to watch it and see
uh watch him liquor but and i have what two calls we had about that and that
was it as usually the audience comes up dry
but lo and behold michelle grippy who's the tv critic at the new york post
right to expect a tachyler column about it in yesterday's paper what's i
get to in a second but first something that's really outrageous yeah
clack halvin cline gets nailed again
and this proves what i keep telling you folks that this country is so in the
stone age that's why we just went through thirteen months of penis
gait here where about blow jobs in a white house that's why because they
just can't deal with reality they certainly can't deal with sex or with the
human body what's the latest big to do with calvin cline well of course you
remember the thing a couple of years ago with the teenagers and there wasn't a
god damn thing wrong with any of those billboards any of those ads there was
nothing wrong there was nobody naked they were scantily clad and there was
something teenagers in fact young people have been used as models for years
but the latest Calvin cline of course we know that it was outrageous and
bubble was saying that but i don't think he'd be i have the guts to say it again
since he was dealing with monica who was like at the time twenty one or twenty
two so just barely out of her teens so the fact that he was going on and on it was
wrong it was outrageous remember that which i still can't find a card by the way
you know maybe let's get rid of that card probably wrong not this war but the
other one that jackass over with the paxon but at any rate so the new campaign
which i'm sure most of you see this news story if you actually watch the news
it's got a bunch of little kids i mean little infants like how old would you
say those kids are three four five years old less three and four years old
in underwear and they're like in a variety of different poses and they're
high-fiving on a caucas and they're at modeling Calvin cline underwear
but the ad campaign is going to be already withdrawn before it really starts
because there's already been so much hysteria because it's so outrageous now i
could be wrong but i've read about the fact that back in the thirties and forties
and maybe even in i guess in the early fifties that
people guys in particular used to look in the series robot catalog where there
were pictures of scantily clad young ladies and modeling whatever they were
modeling you know swimsuits etc and that was like uh
yeah nobody else had or access to pornography or least if they did it was uh
under the bed way way under there so next to what they kept this year's robot
catalog but the idea of using little kids as model for example how many
how isn't it the hunggy spot where you got the little babies with the bear
bottom on there there are so many tv ads that i got little babies naked stark
with their little uh but saying and and and it seems to me maybe i'm wrong
all of these critics that are carrying on about this you know the more they
protest the more i wonder about them because maybe i'm wrong but you have to be
it seems in my mind a really real sick extreme pedophile
to find three and four year old kids sexual i mean you have to be
really sick and twisted to be into that
but oh my god Calvin cline has added again that pervert that faggot
and it is absolutely outrageous we got to cut it out
and keep in mind you go to europe and anywhere in spain and
italy and france in the holland anywhere Scandinavia there are uh
shows on tv and ads on tv with bear breasts how do you like that oh my god
with naked people on commercial tv
when i was in Madrid that time a couple of years ago i come back to
hotel at night it's about 10 30 11 o'clock at night i turn on the tv on the
on the cable not on the not on a one of the satellite
channels like we have x rated on the big dish
but just on like on a regular local channel that's coming in on the hotel
cable here's a here's a portal movie 10 30 at night
on an over the year channel are they running around raping each other in the
streets over there i mean if they in fact they're more well adjusted about sex
by a light years than they are in this country i think yes because they're
like so uptight about like a little nudity little kids in underwear
little kids in underwear let me say it again we're in the sears roebuck and a
jc penny catalog 60 years ago did the world come to an end no
are people running around raping little kids because they uh saw calvin
Klein billboard no grow up america man that's what we ought to have that should be
the campaign that's what we should have all the billboards that they were
going to have with those calvin Klein ads what they should do instead is
just have a big-and campaign grow up america come out of the 20th century before
the calendar changes how we're going to go into the 21st century when we aren't
even close to the 20th yet in this country huh
i'm gonna do that it's outrageous that's what it is so anyway getting back to
this unbelievable speaking of suck jobs i tell you this i've been doing this
a long time michelle greppy the theory critic for the new york post-writes in
yesterday's paper with a picture in a whole picture of a kid
king and next to it says king pathetic pathetic and i'm going
oh right yeah and here's a picture of that cowland trip
it says king didn't bother to introduce him and triven at the end try to shake
hands without touching her oh god i know how to do a torture yeah we know
it says it's time for larry king to hang up the suspenders
if there were any doubt he had outlived his arguable usefulness and limited
entertainment value it was dispeltering his pathetic encounter with linda
trip monday not on cnn it was worse than amateur hour
even for a man who publicly prides himself on not prepping for guests who
wasted an hour with madonna on groupy questions and who couldn't tell apart
the members of the grudgingly assembled cast their friends
monday it appeared king hadn't even been willing to spend the half hour it
would have taken the study the two trip interviews the rest of us had watched
in red friday so we wouldn't duplicate them he couldn't even be bothered
to introduce trip if we have to tell you who she is he said at the opening of
larry king live you have serious problems on planet earth
unbelievable he's so horny yeah king had nothing but problems from the
beginning when he kept aborting his own plan to go a little chronological
to the very end when trip tried to say clinton's still co-boarding and king tried
to shake trips hand without touching her
even with per miraculous makeover she was larry's coyote date
the man who was talked himself into the cushiest five hundred dollar year job
in this hemisphere if not the world who was fainting twist in every fruit cake
slime ball hot airhead and fame freak working in the media circuits was trying
to appear in public with trip without appearing to be with her
he didn't handle her with his trademark kid gloves he didn't handle her at all
absent were the usual make the guests squirm video clips including john
goodman's devastatingly tacky tiki portrait of trip on last night life
and then we'll do it that king didn't point out inconsistencies contradictions
or nonsense he interrupted at the wrong time to make the wrong points
was she a source of leaks that she admit that uh... had made the Vince
Foster so despotted about life in Washington or the con conspiracy
mongering about his death which he still Monday after endless investigations
dispute her refused to concede a suicide
trip said it's possible that made down the road walk in front of a mac truck and
have an unfortunate accident but she's normal not paranoid
king didn't ask how she defined either word once it was clear that king was only
phoning in his performance the hour could have been salvaged by opening the
phone plug-8 and letting the public ask the questions that had nursed for a
year but king managed to work in only three calls
one of them was from a trip friendly viewer who didn't even pause to acknowledge king
caller high-lin the king high
caller considering king oam larry that's Linda go ahead
how do you like that that is great radio yeah
so concootos to a michelle grippie and thanks again to hang for dropping the
song from yesterday's new york post that somebody else in america's got the
goals that the goals in the balls
to tell tell it like it is about this ass sucker
jerry fallwell linda trip uh reverend sure uh gym baker
tanny faith you name it every scumbag every phone
rebeni hana benny hen whatever the hell's name is that phony faith healing benny hen
that slime ball that scumbag that squeezes every dollar can't with his fake faith
healings my good friend benny hen my good friend uh Joseph Stalin my good friend
in off Hitler now i don't be grudging if he's making 10
million here i don't care it doesn't affect me one way or the other you know
well how does it affect me oh me first do that but the fact is that here is again
another one another one of those mind-fork guys you know
this is what it's all about it's a state of mind thing
just like the forge and some of those other joints
oh there it came the world's greatest interviewer yeah right the world's greatest
ass sucker and that's why those people come back on or anytime snap his fingers
they'll come on here because they know that all he does is toss marshmallows and
suckass for one solid hour every night on CNN not just in america but that's
seen all over the world anywhere you go in a world you wake up at three in the
morning okay you got insomnia you click on your tv there's uh going to 50
that sharing in the post with this tongue out on somebody's
rectum whichever one it is whichever rectum stick in front of his post he's
got his tongue out of the medialin his lips and he's looking and sucking and
going on like crazy like i've said before it's got nothing to do with talent
it's got nothing to do with content it has to do with flash and bullcrap
that's what it's all about just like opra here's a
all-enaging white suspended skinny Jewish Oprah that's lyric king
nothing there is nothing there there is no content there's nothing just like
her and yet there are millions of simple ten people all over the world that
just hang on each and every one of their both of their words
why do we have an idea any idea no so again michelle god bless you sweetheart
that's for you at the new york post does anybody in this town is anybody right
about that in this town we even have it like a regular tv column in this town
no of course not how come we see that's another example the difference
between a real new you up newspaper which maybe i'm not that crazy about
their politics but nevertheless a real newspaper that's got somebody
with real opinions and their rights columns that are interesting as opposed to
the swirly we down here swill garbage do do kaka
we got people like burry jackass and uh... danla bastard and all these would be
makefully ton feel who thinks he's a comedian running around in jello raincoat
wonder where the hell gerry heart disappeared too
bush league baby and that's a compliment
only fifty dollars
what's your question i will give it to you
say boy i'm gonna see your life is there what's the problem officer going
a little fast won't you say what's in the back seat uh... nothing crack rock
sitting in his back seat i said crack rock you can tell on the street you can't
smoke it and you'll catch a good bus just don't get
pulled over by the bus jay cop
singing with a big band he's a jay cop
his night thick in his handy cop busted
with three pounds of dope dope and over and sick
uh... the dope
the party's over now at jay a-i-l you got busted and a jay a-i-l
you were once a big star then you made a big wish
and tell your just bought the sick the party's over now at jay a-i-l
you got busted and a jay a-i-l
what was your first break i went to work and knocked on doors and got a job with
a small radio station in Miami Beach Florida i did everything because i i was uh...
i'm uh... idea i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm
did the board i did jock i did sports i did news i did everything cleaned up cleaned up cleaned up i did
everything only fifty dollars okay ten thirty one at five fifty wqm i'm telling you i'm so delighted
that this uh... that handclap me this column i did made my whole day made my week made my month made my
year nice going larry's an ass sucker baby not that people don't know it but it's just that nobody
else wants to say it why i have no idea maybe he's got a drawer full and they could pictures like
squandas upstairs mayor of course mayor penis he's into the big stuff there this is the same
mayor that sold out the port of Miami to Mickey Erison for his own fun and profit and lied to the
voters and held that sham election about the american airlines arena and they worded it one
way backwards like they always do in the day county just like they did with the metro fail so they
could put it over on the public and so the public and they will the taxpayers will be left with the
cost of operating that place for centuries to come did a real fast turnaround on that didn't
you mayor penis phony but he's there yesterday on the news did you happen to see by the way six o'clock
channel four news one of the most embarrassing things poor can risotto who's a real jackass by the way
and idiot uh... he's on there and his mic isn't working and then we go back to you know it's another
one of these deals where they got a press conference coming but uh... we're trying to stall for time
and then the poor can he's talking and the lips are moving he's like doing a paul windshield
routine the lips are moving but there's no sound it was lovely and there's mayor penis standing
there with mirrored's uh... steerheim another anxious uh... piece of third standing there
these are you know mirror steerheim another guy that helped to turn this down into what it is
today by the way and then came back had the audacity to come back here and it's held by everybody is
the savior of this bankrupt town the mysterious piercester circle carved into limestone on the banks of
mommy river is going to be saved baby i don't know the meetings today and more press conferences
and they're going to the course of county is going to have to pay millions to this developer who
already paid eight million for the land and was going to build this gigantic condo thing but now he's
i his lawyer says okay i mean we're disappointed but we realize uh... what they're really saying is
that we're going to probably get a hell of a lot more for the uh... you know for the property
that we paid for from the county and because the court is going to decide not that the date
commission is going to arbitrarily decide but the courts will decide and so he says okay whatever you say
although the story has it wrong by the way is it is it tecesta or tecesta i've heard it both ways
well i never heard of a uh... town called tecesta in florida to spend it for the
what it's a Spanish word like torquée modellty tecesta but uh... hey let's just take a question
since we're used to it
quay
what i mean you got torquée mod up but then you also go well i'm not going to win it okay we know
we're going to win those kind of linguistics so anyway this is a big song that's the one i
yeah be very honest with it i don't want to seem like one of those people that doesn't care about
history and doesn't care about uh... preservation of our ecology and our whatever
which quite frankly that says very little to do with i mean there's some bodies buried in our guess
some old Indians but the ninety nine and nine tens of the people in this town really care about
this uh... piece of this rock no but it's a big major what we had one call on it yesterday
it was like a day after i tried to talk uh... we had nobody cares about it nobody can give a
fine crap about this
because there's a couple of old false teeth in there and maybe some sharks teeth and maybe some bodies
buried underneath but i bet you there's some real great remains line underneath of those bodies huh
i was going to say skin and bones but no skin you can bet your life on that
so that's the big deal now they have big grandstandings nice going there penis you're really doing it baby
have yourself a great dinner with micky iris and another phone another faker multi billionaire
that they've been over back with oh sure you know he got elected based on saying one thing
and then he pulled away in high pinge they turned around into something else
by the way how about that game last night uh woo
another by the for the ten panther fans out there another one of those games where Sean
Burke doesn't play out of his mind especially in that first period they're not even ever in the
game much less having a chance they're late in the game to actually tie it up which is a miracle
as Dallas beats the panther's two to one in the game that really shouldn't have been anywhere near
that coast because the panther's missed the plane i guess wow were they bad but again Sean
Burke who gets no credit from these people because they know nothing about hockey nothing about gold
ending who was unbelievable kept them in the game which he does time after time in games where they
get outplayed badly keeps them in the game which they lost anyway but at least made it interesting
to the end even though it was a real coma game a coma to his performance and then my good friend
rimmer gets on there he and danisa run there singing the praises of peter worel and what a great
player he's going to be and how much can hit cock loves him and yada yada oh yeah do i believe that
no but you know it sounds good it's a great substitute for having pavel buri out there on the
ice i guess telling us what a great superstar and a great second line of luck winger peter worel is
going to be do you believe it no then there's a great letter to the editor which i'll read a little
bit later from bill colon nothing like a colon problem bill colon and sunrise in the sun sent
all you know i read the letters to the editor because usually it's a good for a laugh but once in a
while it's a real good one and i'm surprised to actually publish this newspaper perpetuates lie
that the county doesn't want gambling which i'll read a little while excellent nice going air
billy up there in sunrise here's a mobile in Miami hello great you know it was interesting i
was listening to a limbaugh i tried to listen to him for a few minutes until he could speak
well yeah and he was even critical of uh... yeah on that interview with that he he was uh...
upset the lack of follow up questions
you may have some statement that uh... that uh... that uh... glitz school around the white house as we talk
so uh...
what like she has first hand knowledge of that
that she's got a pipeline to what's going on in there
well they're going to say that you just said the home
thank you now because he doesn't ask follow up questions he just tosses marshmallows
right his purpose there is to sit there and suck ass and make whoever sitting in the other chair or chairs
look as good as possible and then to make them as comfortable so they'll come back again
and he can keep running around rapid all these big names
i don't know if that's possible
and he's not
huh because he does well
does well because again it's an image thing i mean it's another state of mind thing
Larry King they built him up as this great interviewer and all he is a professional askissor
and have a great thing in a new phone sir i think i think that was the government on there
maybe that was ten turner mess with this poor guy's phone
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
anybody calling yet who went to pomato senior high to charred with what's his name
Brendan Braemer anybody calling yet
i bet you jeff Cohen probably did he said he shard with Jose Konseko and with what's his name
Rocky it's a veria in fact the way jeff Cohen's been behaving lately i wouldn't be surprised
if he showers with everybody in south forward by the end of this year by the end of the millennium
worst off radio i've ever heard my live in the w out the good evening ladies and gentlemen
and this is wolf the chronic guy this year at alpinay law school henry kissinger will be giving
commencement address here now are some things that you will never hear mr kissinger say you
call this crack how much what the hell is boy that is too much for the radio tickets
do you have the video hot jane up the yam shoot yes baby i am hungry like florida does my ass look
fat in this dress who's your daddy i'm hungry anybody feel like jinx she went down on me like she
was drowning and my balls contained oxygen okay ten forty four five sixty wqm we got it's
gonna be this way all week by the way just thought i would mention that you're just ready to keep in
mind to open line today to enbrowered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile
one line well gee if you were talking about stuff we care about like david welles and roger
yeah right at the beginning this morning come on here at ten o'clock George gets a call right
off the bat we should know when it rings you know when we're not even saying anything yet
from another sports nerd was it some young punk or was it like somebody who's supposed to be in the
belt some like in between somebody of undetermined origin and he's just just shaken because of the fact
i guess he doesn't have a watch maybe can't afford to spend all his money on those tickets for ball
games oh kneels on oh gee i wanted to get on there and talk about this for david welles thing i'm so
upset i'm like kishki's art twisting the very very sad thing it really is so very sad
here's a mobile and west palm beach hello and the odds of god okay sir uh you know i got to say we
did exception you and hang your station is is crap really yeah what really how about manage oh yeah
i can't i can't listen because you don't like man you got when he's on if i'm listening and he's
not all listen you know but uh you know the exception i mean you know like i used to work Sunday nights
and i'd listen to you guys sometimes like if there's a dolphin game or something i'd listen to you
you know i'm a son of a bitch yeah or you know if i didn't get power 96 which was clear
but the thing is you know you guys go you got guys in there who go ahead and say oh you know
come on you guys go to go to the dolphin game you gotta go to the dolphin game you know
well why are we talking about that i'm just saying i'm what i'm saying is you know you got guys saying
they go out go out to the game you know but here you know they get tickets free and all the people
have something doing some of them don't yeah what's the what is that but what does that mean
i don't know it's your station you just get idiots working there why i know that i mean that
the book is an idiot well that's your opinion he's a fat guy i'll say that but why are you calling
me and telling me that because why don't you call him and tell him because because you you know
you you agree with all the stuff you know i don't agree with that i think boog is an idiot yeah no
see i'm not an ass sucker okay so that's what you're looking for you're calling me
because you think i'm going to agree with you like most callers to talk shows you want something
is going to kiss your ass and agree with everything you say i don't think boog what did he call him
fat yeah he's fat that's as much as i'll agree i always want to call him that
it's not a jackass okay one call left in the board then we wrap it up here's a mobile in Miami
hello hey Neil yes sir i'm that circle out there why the hell don't they just take a bunch of
pictures of it make some plaster cast and recreate it someplace because that will not make a
grandstand deal for mayor penis don't you understand he and there it's still high in the commissioners
this is a big grandstand thing now they're really doing something wonderful for the county and for
the area preserving this uh preserving this crap out there preserving some rocks with some teeth in
it and some uh whatever they could dig up whatever they could dig it up and then i'll let the guy
build his condo yeah what they're going to do is jerk around these developers and next time they find
something they'll just bulldoze it over dynamite it and blow it up like they do and solve the
area you're going to come around the court is going to award him millions of dollars in the
county all the new folks who live and date whoever does the taxpayers don't have to pay for it and
then they'll have this these teeth and uh whatever they got there to uh say look what we got
right about the one more thing did you see where this judge in Arkansas is trying to find
Clinton in contempt yes and what what i thought it was all over it's never going to be over they
will never ever let go in fact Monica's book is coming out the fifth of March in just a few days
and once that hits the stands then they will really hit the fan because then they'll be able to
be they don't it's like oh Jay don't you remember after the oh Jay verdict was already in they have
to dissect it and they have to go back and uh replays and slow moe and freeze frame and uh you
know get the dress back out again to see if it's been cleaned yet or scored as long as they got
nothing else exciting going on and believe me there's not they'll keep milking this until uh the
other runs dry well as soon as she finds them in contempt i mean the next she's not going to find
them in contempt in fact she said they may have to kick her off the case altogether because she had
private conversation with as a Hutchinson to Arkansas and she may have to be excused from the case
and put another believe me this thing is going to drag on for an eternity because they just don't
want to let it go well in addition which keep in mind that case has been settled it's uh it's through
first she threw it out then it was settled it's a non-existent case anyway so what difference does it
but he's still lied it's her court which he already said wasn't material testimony anyhow she's
the one that said that right but they just can't let it go pal don't you understand they can't let go
god bless can stop bless america okay when you get somebody by their tail you keep uh you know
twisted and twisted and as long as you can keep even one finger on it you keep yankin it around
as long as you can till a wiggle is free we have an open line in brow art all three in date five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line anybody seen those Calvin
Klein ads with little kids no anybody all been out of shape about them no
see why can't you people talk about these things why don't you deal with it why don't you
understand what kind of society you live in why don't you realize that uh you know this
isn't a free country at all this is a prudish this is a baby in the victorians queen victoria
herself would be embarrassed and humiliated by this you know it's shocking it really is
think i'd like i never heard anybody call up and say oh you think a little naked babies crawl
around on that huggies that on tv with a with a bear ass well correct frankly i can't i don't
know of anybody who thinks a baby's bear ass is sexual in any way or discussing about rages
but evidently there's enough of these self-appointed moreless in this country that if
ever that the perfect Calvin Klein every time wants to do an ad campaign oh no we can't do that
that's disgusting see wasn't it's not disgusting for people like the Ramses to use their kids as
you know in the beauty page and that's okay like john but i how she doing anybody heard her no she
not doing to do this that's not disgusting to doll them up and having them do the bump in the
grind and all the routine she was doing that's okay here's Davie hello go yes sir first time
long time yes uh bandage god your bandage is great he knows that guy before that was uh that
butt sucker that wanted me to agree with everything you said oh yeah would you agree with all of
this no i don't i mean no we're near dolphin fan book i'll listen to him on a radio just to
listen to manage i mean he is just the best out there and uh another thing i want to touch on
very lightly uh a few weeks ago when he first played the skid about the lotion in the basket yeah
i went to popano that night right and at metal amps there's a horse called lotion running
i know that horse right and i bet on him and he won that night it was unbelievable
jolpa you'll be right there and i caught you last i caught last year saying some about uh red
bowtags coming down here right saturday fb 27 they got a big 150 thousand dollar race
i'll definitely be there great and one other thing uh the president the impeachment from the
beginning i thought i was but just a bunch of kaka and um i can't believe how much money was spent
on that i just unbelievable well believe it and at least we're saving the circle now man that's
that's a good one i definitely caught the taxpayers a few million for that right here in david county
and about a year and a half ago i heard you had some land nice landscaping put it your house
yeah would you're interested in any nice lighting for the landscaping no thank no okay we have
an open line and date one and barred thanks anyway open line in each five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a call from new york hello
hey Neil how you going okay sir i worked the maple leaf skin the other night up here that played
the doubles right i think they got the most awesome uniforms and that is the most awesome hockey team
it's just incredible those guys that was not the most awesome but they're very good this year how
about that win over buffaloed over time last night all right three to two yes anyway that they got
and by the way speaking of awesome speaking of your devils by the way last night and devils are
there are only two points behind the flyers for the lead in the eastern conference they're having
a sensational year they got a real good a real exciting team not a coma team like they used to have
like i look into you think this morning where the hell is it let me give you the attendance last night
as they walloped i realized there were only playing tamper which is a crafting they had like uh
ten thousand people announced there's some grotesque number like that it's in here somewhere what what
kind of i worked i was in two thirty two seven thousand less than capacity if they announced twelve
thousand that's ticket sold maybe actually eight or nine thousand people actually showed up there
that's right that's right that is the most i worked in french as far as their fans are concerned
ever seen in my life you should see the islanders man that place exactly there's nobody even
goes to city islanders they beat the penguins three one last night in front of about fifty people i
saw some of that oh yeah the penguins the penguins a week no that's the palke have a great day
ship penguins are weak oh we got a guy called all the way from New York and he don't know
nothing about hockey the penguins are we the only one ten in a row until last night they're pretty
weak too bad he don't live down here he could be called the sports here as regular two open lines
and day two and brown or five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
is everybody out of town this week is that it uh huh that whole this this week they all bailed
out on us no matter what it is they got nothing a zero zippity doodah here's a mobile and boi
and beach which these are usually short hello hey heels just let's go and i want to ask you i want
to ask you something or give you a comment on Sean Burke i'm you know big hockey fan but to me
was he was playing great in the net first goal last night to be able like three panther defense
minutes behind him and he's winning a shock twice at the Sean Burke and got it in yeah so another
good so another would you knock in Sean Burke now is that what you're saying no no Sean Burke was
great i couldn't believe the guy who let him in the score well that's the deal that you can't
complain about their defense because they don't have any okay we better bring up this kid rat
chuck again who again last night was just grotesque and horrendous mistake after mistake you know
that they got some real problems there exactly well i wanted to say one thing though i
i i manage his god and i mean i think i i might cause it to be pickled all the time if you play
manage yeah yeah hold on once they want to say one thing okay yeah yeah i'll ride okay see
manages got a he's got his own fan club out there he's got legions and legions and when that guy
started knocking manage i knew that he was a real asshole i went earlier oh don't you think boogers
did you i guess no well you're supposed to agree with me because i'm called a i just got you talking
about Larry king being asked sucker okay that's one thing i don't do here i mean there might be
some exceptions but nevertheless huh well i mean there might be i'm looking at this picture again
i might like get close we have an open line and date five six seven oh five sixty and
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line oh god works in the stereo swast that's why god made
some people look like Josh Freeman and some people look like brab Brendan bramer barmer whatever
name is because god works in mysterious ways so i guess the motto is you know the the deal is if
you mind of being born look like Josh Freeman you're on your own a lot well see nobody wants to
get you him not just he looks bad but because here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir you are
god yes i just want to say a couple of things first of all um showbook is playing out his mind
lately so people don't you know a lot of people don't know what the hell is talking about number two
um i heard the the new from uh you know from the lotion in the basket i heard it because i
I wake up at three or three in the morning so i'm gonna work and i hear it i heard it on the on the
jake's a break uh i heard it on there you heard what you know but so no you have no uh nothing
no because you ever know no yeah that's what i heard it and i was you know i couldn't stop laughing
what palas he playing that for that jackass
somebody asked him if there any listeners to a show and he said no
no i was going to be a new artist and yes muddy corn
alright okay that's right elder your muddy corn now you're getting close pal not too close though
send a picture first ten fifty six on another comba day hey listen i'm feeling better i'm slowly
but surely it's only been two months getting over this thing this someality this uh rash and
the all the stuff going along with it just to stick with your doctor man just to believe in him
and maybe he'll bring you some flowers when i stick in that box the deal Roger show on five sixty
w q a m my ammy fort waterdale many of us may not be getting enough the mad dog is out of control
and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from blackbuster entertainment
you manage things do with how real
i hear the mad dogyou imagine
seeing laughing spider
what
dont
I'm right!
I'm right!
I'm right!
It's all right!
I'm right!
I'm right!
I'm right!
I'm right!
I'm right!
Man, this does blind me!
I'm right!
I'm right!
I'm right!
I'm right!
Well, I'm right!
Well, I'm right!
At first, Jim said he'd melt a little bit more.
I don't like that.
You just hit a hole, huh?
But now, he says...
I like it.
I like it.
The mad dog just can't hissing up,
but that cottage cheese butt.
If he wants me to sing,
God bless America and face these
and the jeep string up here,
I'll do it.
You got the throne!
And everybody's home!
That is...
All right!
All right!
Listen to the mad dog sing himself happy!
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
Get that into the scene's duet!
Available now at All Blackpuster's stores.
It's 11.02 at 5.60 WDQM,
Hank will be here from 2 to 6.
Six o'clock, we got the Booster,
and then seven o'clock,
we got the pregame show.
The Panthers at St. Louis.
Maybe they'll actually make the plane this time.
Maybe they'll show up.
Panthers in the blues in St. Louis tonight.
So here's a great thanks from Dan,
who says, Neil, a few weeks ago,
I was flying to Tellahassee on business,
while I was waiting at the gate,
Mayor Alex Penis walked in,
sits down next to me.
As someone who voted for him on the promise
he would not build the American Airlines arena,
I looked right at him and told him he made me sick
because he's so blatantly lied.
He tried to talk to me,
but I got up and walked away.
Unfortunately, he was on the flight with me,
but completely avoided me.
Also, Dan asked his Larry King,
and I have done I'm a disease?
No!
I think it's just a corpse wearing suspenders
that they propped up in the chair.
Uh-huh.
And then he goes on,
this is the best.
Dan says, if my wife and I move to African had children,
would they be American Africans?
Yes.
How about a black American moving to Italy or Canada,
would his children then be African American Italian,
or African American Canadian?
Yes.
Nice going, Dan.
Yeah, Mayor Penis boy,
he saved the circle, okay?
He sold out to Mickey Erison,
but he saved the circle, Jerk.
In fact, that's what the whole commission ought to be probably doing
over there on the circle about the noon today.
Having a big gigantic circle jerk,
because that's what they're doing in the public again.
It'll be taxpayer money that goes to pay off the developer
so that they can save this tremendous
to whatever this crap is in the ground.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
You know, this morning I heard the thing about the Calvin Klein ads,
and I work in a mad agency.
I've been in that business for like 13, 14 years.
And I'm so glad that you can experience some of the frustration
that I have to go through when I'm working,
because what causes this stuff are these stupid things
that they're starting to do now,
it's called focus groups.
Yeah.
And what you do,
I guess what the radio TV people do in that for 100 years
and that really kills us.
Yeah, it's the worst thing,
because you'll do this really, really great creative.
And everybody loves it.
Everybody in the agency that you show it to
is dropping over that's so great.
Off is going to win every award in the world.
Then they ship it off to some room across the country
with some people that you don't know,
and they hire somebody to critique your word.
And all those people in the focus group are like from Mars,
and those are the people that say stuff like,
oh, this is really offensive.
All the kids are in underwear.
Oh my God.
And then you can't do it,
because the client, which doesn't know anything,
never listens to what the focus people say,
but they don't listen to the agency's recommendation
that's been doing the advertising for like 20 years.
And that's why crap like that happens.
It's just mind-boggling.
Anybody that saw those pictures,
I mean, how could anybody accept the most perverted?
I mean, you know, you can take anything
that have like a monpog kettle on there too,
and maybe some guy that's in the old people
would find that titillating.
You know, monpog kettle in their underwear.
Yeah.
I mean, where does it stop in this country?
Man, the repression is just unbelievable.
You know, and then you've got the whole world.
Look, I said 60 years ago they had to guide them
on serious robot catalog with, you know,
young people in bathing suits,
and nobody passed out from looking at those.
Hey, I used to look at that magazine
and hide it under my bed too.
Right.
Because, you know, my dad doesn't like it.
You must be the only one,
because nobody else in this audience knows what I'm talking about.
Oh, yeah, with the brawls and all that.
Right. There you go.
Can you play me something?
Maybe.
Bonnie takes a dump.
Okay. Thanks.
See ya.
Clean your rack up.
We have an open line in day two of them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound.
I bet you have a lot of people in this audience
who used to yank it to the serious robot catalog.
Isn't that sad?
Isn't that pathetic?
I prefer sports illustrated myself.
5, 6, 7, not the same swimsuit
as you guys.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
In fact, I think what's his name was in there, huh?
Do I sound like a little obsessed this morning?
Well, it's not every day of my life, Goddammit,
that I wake up and open up a paper
and see that something like this.
Good. God.
Man.
I guarantee you there are like 99% of the guys out there
in this audience right now.
If they see that picture, I guarantee you,
every single one of them say,
would you like to look like that?
Yes.
You'd be busy like every hour that they accept
maybe a couple hours for a nap in between.
Man.
But you know, God works in mysterious ways.
We can't all look good.
Yeah, but why like this?
You know?
Why not a little more like that?
Here's a mobile and candle.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Me, I wanted to say something.
I just got a notice in my condo about something that's happening
over in Baptist hospital.
They didn't children that are dying.
But not these cockamamines on their arms.
I just want to let the public know that there's something going on.
They're putting what cockamamines under arms.
Now what does that mean, sir?
What is the name of the children?
What is poisoning their children?
The cockamamines got something in there.
It's poisoning your children.
Okay.
We'll watch out for the cockamamines.
Thank you.
You see what I mean about this cock?
See that?
Another dead man.
Who was a phone?
Oh, this is such an old.
You can, you can smell.
It's not mold and mildew.
It's just the toe jam.
It's just all that navel length.
It's just all the rectum overflow.
Oh, ancient.
You can hear the, you can smell.
If you crack, thank God our windows are like sealed hermetically in here.
Because if you could even crack them open a little bit,
you could smell the death.
We have an open line in Broward.
5, 6, 7, what are you smirking about?
It's true.
You drive through the streets of this town
and you can smell.
And of course, your air conditioning when you bring in that outside air.
Oh, man.
Immediately you start saying,
or somebody is the smell of lingering death.
Like hand-bancrofts in and at one movie.
She said, when we get older, go to Florida to die.
Love hand-bancroft, by the way.
What's that new movie she's in?
I don't know.
Call up what's it named?
Jean Siskel after it gets his brain taken out.
Why are you airing shit like this?
Hey, let's eat out Italian tonight.
No, let's eat Jamaican, man.
Now you're both with the new Italian Jamaican restaurant,
Longer Lagandra.
Where the more you eat, the hungrier you get.
It's why the Italian telly
featuring the bacon lettuce and Jamaican sandwich.
It's Longer Lagandra.
Hey, man, let me roll you a big canoney.
A big, Marley Bama.
Cool.
And Marlinda, Gaggen, Fattoni, and Big Curtis,
personally smoke all the meats we serve.
Hey, man, show me the light up.
I'm going back to the smoke out.
From pinstripes to winstripes,
you'll really love Marlinda.
It doesn't matter what's on the menu.
You'll want it all.
A secret blame to fruits and spices.
Well, mostly here.
Hey, rock.
That's it, John.
We'll make them all.
Yeah, man.
It's 1113 to 560 W.C.
Now, what if those little kids in the Calvin Clans,
what if they would all head like a big fat one rolled up in their hand?
I would have been puffing away.
Well, that would have been OK.
Here's a Miami B.
Chilla.
Hey, yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
I am driving on I-95,
and you talk about a subliminal message.
Another Calvin Clanette.
Three gentlemen in jeans.
Yeah.
No shirt on.
Right.
One's bent over.
The other guy's right behind him,
and another one's looking right at him.
Now, you know, again,
what does that tell you?
I mean, it kind of sounds...
Tells me it's a provocative billboard.
It is.
I mean, it is.
I'm not getting on it.
I'm just wondering why nobody would say anything about that billboard.
I mean, that would explain...
I haven't found that one yet.
There's too busy word about this.
They've got to protect the children.
Don't you understand?
They've got to protect the children from all these impetophiles.
Listen, one other thing in the Sunsend on today.
Women block band on several sex toys.
Did you see that?
No.
Women who say they can't enjoy themselves in the bedroom without sex toys,
like vibrators,
as the federal judge on Wednesday
to block a new Alabama law banning the sale of such items.
I mean, come on.
The people are actually...
Ha-ha-ha!
Okay.
Today's Sunsend will pay $6.8.
The people are actually going to court over this and debate this stuff.
Yes.
Unbelievable.
Welcome to America.
See you.
Have a great day.
I guess he hasn't caught on yet.
That's the American fucking way.
That's right.
We have an open line in Broward to and Day 56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know, like I said,
$8.8.
People are so full of crap.
Years ago, one of the big mistakes I made besides talking all those old,
boring old people having those terminal guests on,
was actually paying attention to most of the colors.
You know, once in a while like this last guy,
he had something to say and was like,
fairly rational.
But most of the colors are full of crap.
They talk nonsense.
And they certainly don't tell you like the guy that wanted me to agree with him.
They post your for you.
Just like the people in the media do,
the American public does the same thing.
Maybe that's why the media people do it.
They say the things in public like this,
like over the airwaves,
that they think are like palatable,
and like these are things you can say in public.
But like yesterday,
when I was talking about crappy service,
and the fact that there are a lot of ethnic minorities who are in jobs
that they shouldn't be in,
oh, you know, people run away from that.
Even though you know overwhelmingly,
the majority of people agree with that.
It's like, oh, wow, we don't want to say,
we'll let you say it.
Spinalist jellyfish.
560, 560,
pound 560 in the ATO,
whatever it is.
Here's a mobile in-for-lotterdale.
Hello?
Mobile in-for-lotterdale.
That's the eight.
Sounds just like you.
The first time long time.
Great.
Just to fight with the circle,
our ancestors went out of their way to kill every Indian
that they can get their hands on,
and now we're spending millions of dollars for some arrowheads.
Right.
It doesn't make sense.
I don't get it.
It doesn't make sense.
It's a...
These four Indians were probably lost.
They want to get back home,
so they dug a few things in the ground.
Maybe we'll find some more.
And they've got a pennees in there, yo.
And you do not have to pay for this.
And then once they found out
where the stars were lined up,
they got the halada here.
Uh-huh.
And who the hell can blame them, by the way?
I'm telling you.
I'm breaking them.
Okay, I see you.
Bye-bye.
Two open lines in-day two and brown.
560, 705,
60, pound 560 on the ATO line.
Here's Mimey Shores.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
This is Ray Mimey Shores.
I'm looking at the Calvin Klein ad right now.
Yes.
And underneath is his controversy.
Look at me so controversial about two little kids just something on a sofa
who are just hanging out like rest.
And like, you remember that when you were a kid?
I mean, they just have smiles.
There's no problem.
There's little kids in underwear.
They're not like beer butts like in a lot of those other spots.
Oh, hey.
They're laughing.
They're jumping around.
Yeah.
This is boys underwear.
If Americans think this is wrong, you know, I would like to read out.
Let me put you this way.
Anybody who believes there's anything sexual about or anything wrong with it.
Those people need to get, we need to get the butterfly net, round them all up and put them away for psychiatric health.
This is right.
This is, this is, this is...
Ah, in fact, that wouldn't be surprised that Tinky Winkies in the back involved in this thing somehow.
Have a great day, pal.
Let's see you, too.
Oh, that Calvin Klein, you know, it's outrageous.
It's wrong.
And like I said, they all got a pander just like Bubba was doing there a couple years ago.
And a big sentence came with the Scadley-Clad teenagers.
I hate to break the news to you.
But people like looking at Scadley-Clad young people who look good, okay?
They like that.
And I know that it comes as a great shock.
But people were like, you know, 16, 17 years old.
Just like Brook Shields with those, the jeans had cheated.
She was 14 years old when she did that.
And she was spanking her butt, you know, to hold you.
So big deal.
I mean, sure, it did screw up her life a little bit.
She was running around with George Michael and Michael Jackson.
She had a little bit of, you know, a problem there.
Do you think she's a fag hag?
Let's know.
That's our poll question today.
I want to make it easy for you.
Can't ask my smart.
No, who's the bigger fag head?
Liz Taylor or what's your name?
Brook Shields.
But you tell me that people didn't go, I'll give you an example.
The movie, what that was?
The movie, The Blue Lagoon.
With Brook Shields and Chris Atkins running around naked as a jaybird in there.
And boy, you talk about a button mushroom, man.
That Chris Atkins.
Now, what do you always look so embarrassed when he was on the verb griffin?
Or maybe because the verb was like real friendly.
But at any rate, you know, people want to see that adults want to see that.
Not because it was a great movie.
Not because it was a great story.
Not because it was touching.
Not because it was great acting.
Because it was like, you know, good luck and young people naked in there through the whole movie.
Fifthing mean people were like jumping up out of the audience, climbing out of the screen,
trying to like, hump the movie screen.
But what's the big deal with that?
Oh no, people aren't sexual until they're at least, what, 40, 50 years old?
That's what I'm hearing.
But the idea of little kids in underwear being sexual.
Whoever, I'm going to say it again, whoever made these protests.
Those are the pedophiles right there.
Okay?
Right there.
Those are the sickies.
Because you have to be so goddamn sick, so perverted to look at something as shapeless and sexless as a little child.
And think that there could possibly be anything sexual about that.
You need serious help.
You need to be locked away for a very long time.
Along with what's your name there on the guiding light?
Well, she's rounding up all the kids anyway.
Holly.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm the other morning.
Yes sir.
When I heard you talking, I hadn't seen the Calvin Klein act.
Well, I don't know anybody else, maybe two or three in a sudden.
Every time I talk about stuff, man, it's like I'm talking to stuff from Mars.
This audience is so slow.
Well, I think it's the least of the comment about this.
I think it's a chance to look at the news day after this morning except for the front pages.
I thought you were talking about the guy that did the 6100 sit-ups.
And he's in the, it's like either of the...
Now that picture is, yeah, that picture.
But of course, he's three years old, so he's almost old enough.
Yeah, I know, but he...
I did talk about him.
I talked about him at length.
I'm looking at that picture right now.
I'm never going to let this picture go.
Well, I'd do him at a heartbeat.
I'll bet.
Anyway, you know, I'm surprised.
I always get amused when I watch the cable channels because...
On my cable box, Channel 52, which during the day is a travel channel that at night it turns into the Porto Channel.
Yeah.
It's right next to Channel 53, obviously, which is the All Cartoon Network.
Yeah, well, you notice I see there even...
They're even seeping across on the cable channels, okay?
I just thought that was amusing.
I wouldn't expect that.
I would expect that.
Jack Berry, we're still live.
He'd probably try to bring back Winky Dink.
And you know what Jerry would say about that.
Anyway, also...
You know how many years ago that is Winky Dink and you that was like in the 50s?
That's 40 some years ago.
And they used that this little...
You'd send in for it and they would send you this little make-believe plastic screen you put on the TV screen.
And you had to...
Oh, yeah, of course.
Winky Dink and you with Jack Berry is our little kids show.
But man, a name like that.
Here we are almost at the end of this century.
And Winky Dink, Jerry Fowell will be having a heavy-doll cartwheels over this.
I can't give any validation to him.
I mean, it's so ludicrous what he says.
How can you validate it?
Well, when that telechub he starts, he's going to be big.
I wonder if he's going to be big.
Yes.
That irritated me.
Now, I write motorcycles and I'm a professional person.
And I don't know if you read about the outlaw, supposedly outlaw party.
If they had out of all of the US27 Griffo road last weekend.
No.
And the police, you know, with the hoods and all that kind of thing from all the different agencies in the area there.
Set up roadblocks and stop all of the motorcycle, the search them for whatever reason.
Everything wanted.
It's probably 200 motorcycles out there.
Yeah.
I'd be ever looking for Peter Fonda.
Well, they probably found them because they were certainly searching every orifice that people had out there.
Right.
But that's the bike or police now.
We have a group of police for virtually everything else now.
We have the adult pleasure yourself toys in Alabama police that are out there stealing, you know, complicating the parking lot.
Yeah.
I got to get the hell out of this country.
I'm out of material.
Get to the passport office right away, pal.
You got it.
And squeeze it tight.
Okay, we have an open line and day one and Broward five six.
Oh, you're so bad.
You know, you're telling all these things.
I tell all these things because they're true.
Can anybody refute me about this?
Can anybody call on them to show and say I'm hallucinating hyperventilating, making this stuff up?
Can anybody do that?
No.
First not.
And by the way, I'll give you my opinion about Roger Clemens and David Wells.
They're both fat.
How do you like that?
They're both big fat, tummy guys will eat either team out of house and home.
Forget about all the money they're getting paid.
Open line and dayed county five six seven oh five sixty, pond five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah.
I'm doing.
Okay.
Listen, I'm black.
I live here with West Palm Beach.
I've lived here for a long time.
Yes, sir.
I agree with you.
A lot of things.
But this thing with the circle.
I mean, what does a white man got to do with that?
You know, they're the ones that inflate the Indians and did everything else.
And now they're going to save a circle.
And that's my point.
It's all just a grandstand play.
They're all just a bunch of PR, bunch of bullcrap.
That shouldn't use waiting more taxpayer money just to try to grandstand.
Oh, we're saving this historical site.
You know, my dog, my big dog is a lot of, I left a lot of bombs over the years in my backyard.
And someday when I come to sell my house, I think I'm going to call the Broward County government and say,
I want this, I want to be paid millions of dollars because I want to preserve this history in my backyard.
Okay.
My dog has left a lot of bombs back there.
So let them go to the Micah Sookie and help them or the Seminoles or all the other Indians that are down and out now.
That's right.
Let them take all that money and pick it up.
The Hollywood Seminole Gaming and plunge their brains out.
At least the taxpayers have a good time with it.
Another thing I agree with you on is you're right.
Say what you have to say about the incompetent blacks or spags or whoever.
Or more of that.
I don't care who they are.
They say they're competent.
They're competent.
They are.
Right.
And you're right about that.
You know, but nobody's got the guts to say that.
Well, I do.
And it's true, right?
I go into a place.
Like I said, I don't expect it to be treated with velvet gloves.
Oh, it's nearogin.
I don't even like that stuff.
I just want to go in with my money, be treated like a customer, get reasonable service, and walk out.
That's all.
That's all.
That's very simple.
But you know, the two thirts and we got to face up.
There are a lot of people that don't know how to add, read or write.
And multiply.
You know, that's why they got the registers like they do.
And those people should be ranging stock on the shelves.
Like how long is it something safe like a stationary?
And all the races, just say, you know, and these people always try to hide that politically correct.
Right.
That's right.
That's why I'm so disgusted with this country.
That's why I was talking about a minute ago.
Nobody in this country except me and maybe two or three other people actually tell it like it really is.
And everybody else just postures and says the things they think are politically correct.
I want your play some for me.
Yes, I can.
Sometimes the cracker can't want.
Okay, you got it.
Okay.
Have a great day.
We have two open lines in date, five, six, seven, oh, five, six, ten.
But I mean, I don't understand even on the talk show is the people that want to say, you know, they always feel they got to like, you know, dance around the edges of it.
They got to be somebody might recognize their voice.
So they got an opinion that's unpopular.
Why there's so many goddamn cowards out there.
That's what bugs me.
That guy that called this morning, he was perfect.
Oh, I know you'll agree with me.
No, I don't agree with you.
Why does he know I'll agree with him?
Who is full of crap?
Pick it on my good fat friend, look at zombie.
Well, you'll agree.
And then of course, pick it on manage.
Boy, that was, I shouldn't know right off the bat that this guy was a major loser.
Anybody that picks on Jim Mandage is pure, unadulterated in my book.
Okay.
I know talent when I hear it.
Believe you me, okay.
I know talent and Jim Mandage of all these ex-jocs in America.
All the ex-jocs in America on a radio, he is the best.
Number one.
He's funny, he's hysterically, he knows his crappy sides.
He never still refers to me.
Yeah, I didn't go right in my body, baby.
We just spoke every time.
Okay.
I'd be rolling with a truckload with my 81s new ex.
That's you, you're a people.
And if I have to bust a cap, I just say I didn't do it.
Back to it, here I be gone.
And when I get to back to it, I go to the third world.
And I'm surrounded by a zombie pilot, my girl.
Yeah, I'll be going to back to it, to the floating nightclub.
Yeah, I'll be going to back to it, and be staring my blood.
And I'll be going to back to it, and unload my junk.
I never go to back to it without packing my gun.
Yeah, two rocks, four every time.
Know that every now and then I sell some crap to worldwide dude.
Cracksy, here I be gone.
Some was bucked on the intersection working for free food.
Cracksy, here I be gone.
Well, I think losing time at a purple house with no windows.
And then acting on my wish, I see my favorite home.
Home.
Home.
Home.
Yeah, I'll be going to back to it, and I'm going to sell my crap.
I'll be going to back to it, you can count on that.
I'll be going to back to it, and that's my wrap.
I'll be going to back to it, because I'll be back again.
Two rocks, four every time.
That's it.
That's it.
You need to take the money off that.
You need to take the money off that.
Yeah, I'm going to say don't give it off.
Oh, oh.
Say what?
It's 1133 and 560 WQM.
We've got a couple of open lines in the county.
If you're interested, we're sure you're not.
560, 560, any women today so far?
560, 560, and Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe we had one, I forgot her.
Here's Holly, what hello.
Daniel, first time caller.
Yes, we're great.
Listen, I was wondering why is it that the Florida Panthers have to always try to entertain us while we're at the games.
You know what I think this is, George?
Yeah.
And?
Why is that?
Why are you calling here?
Oh, what's the difference?
We have an open line in Broward that's an asshole Mitch.
Open line of Broward and two in the AT.
Why don't you get the message?
I hate you like Poe's.
I don't want to see you with the games.
I will not talk to you.
I know your voice.
You're a jackass.
You're trying to be an O'shaan provocateur.
You're an overgrown child.
You're a simpleton.
You're a mental midget.
See, if you had anything to say, like if you were like a normal car that really had anything to say,
then maybe somebody might talk to you, not me of course, but maybe somebody.
I don't mean like on the ear.
I mean, just like in life.
Maybe somebody would speak to you.
Maybe Brian Murray would say, have another Shumari Shanwich, something like that.
But obviously they won't because you're like a loser.
You're a total guarantee.
You've got it granted on your forehead.
Loser, loser.
In fact, I didn't even have to listen to the voice.
I could smell him over the phone.
I know it wasn't Josh Friedman.
560.560 on the AT.
That whiny voice, Mitch.
Whiny voice.
I check and see what you got done here.
I'd look real close if I were you.
Because I think it might be of a vagina.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was at the conference on the night.
The greasiest concert.
The greasiest?
Yes.
We can reach this.
No, not on the...
I'm reeky.
Let's see.
Yes.
Oh, it's funny.
I speak and speak.
That lady of reporters, she's full of meard.
See?
Because the concert was great.
He came out.
All the little girls were jumping.
All the lines were crying.
Right.
And all the facts were drooling.
Right.
He was...
I was categorized.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
No, I was there.
I thought...
It was a great concert.
Small place.
The night center.
He jammed it out.
It was great.
I don't know what she was talking about.
She just pissed off because he won't let her touch.
That's all.
She just bent on the ship.
He doesn't even look as skinny as he used to.
He's gone a little bulkier.
He could tell he's been working.
He's been going that way.
He's been working.
And...
He's still hung like a butterfly.
So don't get too carried away.
Well, you couldn't see that for a while, standing.
Yeah.
And remember, two pop.
But I don't know where it does.
Okay.
We have an open line in the day two and Howard.
5607-0560 and...
A pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Well, I was on hold.
I overheard George...
...muchin' about...
About this place.
About this place.
Yeah.
Well, we spent a lot of time doing that because this is such an unprofessional bushling operation.
It's Greg and his buddies upstairs.
That's what this place is all about.
Hey, George.
I got an insight into that.
I got an insight into that.
I got an insight into that.
Why are you still here?
That's what he was bitchin' about.
Oh, yeah, talking about the one he's here, five in the afternoon.
Yeah, that's what he was talking about.
But don't be feelin' his material.
He's gonna want to use this on here someday.
There you go.
Another question I had for you.
As far as puttholotion in the basket.
Yes.
I know he was telling me it comes from silence or a lamb.
Some lost.
Some lost.
What does that come from?
Is it an excerpt from the movie or...?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
It'd be an excerpt from the movie where he says...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, do you think you can play the whole bit?
It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.
Okay, pal.
You got it.
We have two open lines today, one in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm gonna...how long is this gonna take?
Just a minute or two.
Newspaper for Perturway's line that County doesn't want Gambley writes,
Bill Cole into the Sunsendless morning bill from Sunrise.
Nice go on, Bill.
Please explain why the media continued to lie about the vote concerning casino gays.
Gambley writes,
Your paper knows that the citizens of Broward County voted overwhelmingly for casino gambling.
The media continued to conceal this truth.
The liberal politicians in Tallahassee ignored the millions that gambling ships bring to the economy.
I told the politicians in Tallahassee turned down over $300 million a year by the Seminole tribes
wanted to bring casinos to the reservations.
Do they have any idea what that money could do for our economy and our schools?
Yes.
No.
Broward County's been subjected to an injurious position by those who control the legislature.
Do you stoop citizens know that the interest in the Orlando area who control the theme parks
have an undue influence over South Florida?
Furthermore, the legislature continues to engage in social engineering
by attempting to shape the social climate of South Florida by preventing casino gambling in Broward County.
The ludicrous argument is that casino gambling would increase crimes and nuisances
yet the legislators thirst to obtain some of the profits from the gambling ships sailing in Florida.
Isn't this perverse, he asks?
Yes.
There's was an attempt to have a vote throughout the throughout Florida
which would allow the citizens of each county to decide whether or not they wanted to allow casino gambling
in their respective counties.
We know that the citizens of Broward were overwhelmingly vote to legalize such practices in Broward County.
Yes.
The economy of Broward would rise considerably.
This doesn't even take into consideration the tens of millions of dollars that would occur with the needs of those casinos.
These millions of dollars are lost to Broward County by the citizens going to the Bahamas and other islands where gambling is legal.
It is time that the people of Broward be allowed to vote as to whether they want the casino to be allowed in Broward County this past time
since Bill Colen and Sunrise is free.
You bill, don't hold your breath but good for your right on baby.
Hypocrites at the sunset will allow you other phony balones.
This station stands for nothing.
This is Kevin.
Hello, hi, Debbie.
I'm an inter-sudent getting through operations done.
Okay.
And somebody contouring and some liposuction.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and lip augmentation doesn't have to compress the surgery face to it for all of these things.
Uh-huh.
I was wondering...
What was I going to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No. Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done, but I know how they would do right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet?
Mommy.
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first, and then I'm looking at you. We can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me give you a little information from you.
Mommy.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation for a...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh, okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit and you're probably like, uh, uh, uh.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I will talk to you in the chat, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
I was placed in the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
It's 11.45 at 5.60 W.
The QM-Dade County's dead 5.67, but we already knew that.
Hey, they're working on a circle over there for Christ's.
What do you want?
They're doing the heavy duty stuff.
5.670560 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pompato Beach.
Hello.
Pompato Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I just want to know if they make any mention of these people
that are looking into this Calvin Klein ad.
And who they are and how they end up with so much time on their hands as they can.
I saw it on TV last night.
I saw it again this morning.
Yes.
And evidently, it must be a thing out of the paper this morning, which I did not see yet.
And I'm sure I'm hoping I'm positive that somewhere in this, all they did was say that, you know, there was some,
because of objections by various groups and so on.
They didn't identify who they were.
Maybe the paper they do.
Oh, because my wife and I saw that on the news this morning.
I thought it was the funniest thing I had ever seen.
Little kids in underwear.
What could possibly be offensive about that?
Who knows?
We got little kids naked on ads on TV.
And who cares about that either?
Right.
Can I call someone a douchebag?
Yes, sir.
Steve Kaplan, you're a douchebag.
And amen.
Thank you.
By the way, somebody maybe will call and tell us which page and what, because I haven't seen the article in the paper.
But now I'm leaving through here, because we're not going to get many calls today.
Oh, here's that story from Hanson-Hansville, Alabama.
See how ordinarily I read the paper selectively, because generally these days,
there are two papers.
You can read them.
You can take a good and finish both papers completely front to back, because they're both sucked.
There's nothing to read in them.
There's no real columns.
There's no real, like just that one article from the New York Post that Hank Clifte for me that thing about Larry King.
You won't read that stuff here.
We got guys who could write stuff like that here like Tom Jicca, but Tom is more interested in writing these things about this TV series as being cancelled.
So, you know, write something about that people care about.
Write something with some real opinions about stuff that people care about.
Come on, Tom.
What, what's happened to good old Tom Jicca?
It used to be such a, you know, too many of those insipid shows without capon.
Too many of those gambling shows at night.
What's wrong with Tom?
It's party stuff.
Yeah, but he's a good guy.
So, suddenly, somebody called and tell you which page that's the reason I'm by the way with the picture of the Ababies.
Did anybody call?
No?
Maybe there isn't any story with the picture.
It's got to be in there.
Let me say it again.
Did anyone call and tell you which page and which paper is the reason?
No, they're the reason why they, because I'm trying to find out.
Some of them said Donald Wildman.
Oh, Donald Wildman from the Christian Coalition area go again, starting up again.
They haven't even started a campaign yet.
But they're monitoring, baby.
They're monitoring just to make sure.
Maybe Donald Wildman likes little kids in underwear, huh?
Could be.
Huntsville, Alabama, women who say they can't enjoy themselves in the bedroom without sex toys like vibrators.
As the federal judge on Wednesday to block a new Alabama law banning the sale of such items.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Better lock away your pocket rocket because the pocket rocket police are coming.
If it's an Alabama now, it won't be long before it seeps down here to Florida down the peninsula.
Those challenging the 1998 law contended violates privacy rights by indirectly prohibiting adults from engaging in the state of New York.
Engaging in legal acts behind closed doors.
But the state contends there is no fundamental right to to to to a product used to produce an orgasm.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
How about a carrot?
How about a likes weener?
Zucchini.
How about a zucchini?
How about a guy named eggplant?
Well, how about a cucumber?
How about a kosher dill?
U.S. District Judge Linwood Smith gave them indication on when he might rule the ban on sex toys in this Bible belt state was signed by governor Bob James who was defeated in November.
James backed prayer in the school and once threatened to call out the National Guard to keep the 10 commandments on a courtroom wall.
Oh, yeah, I remember that crap.
What a lunatic.
What a what a wacko.
The ban was added to a law to prohibit new dancing.
Selling or distributing any device designed or marketed as useful primarily for the stimulation of human genital organs was made punishable out to a year in jail and a $10,000 fine.
The law is not being enforced pending the out how do you enforce it?
Hey, lady, can I come in?
Let me look in there.
The law is not being enforced pending the outcome of the lawsuit, which was filed by six women for whom they say use vibrators for gratification that they could not otherwise achieve.
The other two women sell sexual devices at stores or during and in home shows.
Mark Lopez of the ACLU representing users and sellers of sex toys told the judge that many sex therapists recommend the devices for women who can't achieve orange.
We've got the orgasm police.
There you go.
I told you this is a goddamn police state this country you live in and you don't believe me.
Oh, you could so carried away in the dead.
You know, I don't.
We had the penis police to blow job police and I've got the dildo police.
I got to read that one line again.
I am just the state of Alabama contends.
There is no fundamental right to put to a product used to produce an orgasm.
Can you how about candles?
Halloween right out of business in Alabama.
No more hallelujah.
Of course, that's a satanic thing anyway.
We know that.
Can you just are conjuring up all the various objects, coke bottles.
I mean, stop and think about the various things that have been found inside women's parts.
So they're going to have to like go in and basically close up the supermarket.
Especially the food and produce thing.
Oh, yeah, ballpoint pens.
Number six pencil.
Especially the ones that only have the eraser in their head.
Well, I mean, this is where you would deal with crazy people.
The religious people, neo-rodgers on this state is the only person in America that's telling you.
For 23 years now, these are the crazy people.
The nutcase people sticking their noses into people's houses.
Oh, look what she's doing in there.
We can hear it out here.
It's not the rotor, but we know that.
And then of course, they're going to have to stop selling batteries because those devices, most of them not all of them,
but some of them run on batteries.
They're going to even band the goddamn Dorisell man from Alabama.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Go, go.
He made a comment about the dolphin taking an increase about $3.
He said that it was not bad, but we got it family.
Yeah, well, talk to Geldie about it.
Okay, talk to him.
We're not talking about that.
We're not talking about the jock stuff.
We have an open line and Broward and two in date.
One dimensional audience out there.
Man, you make me want to just get on my hands and knees and puke.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile on the alley.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just had to call that.
I'm just a whole Christian coalition.
It's got me outraged.
I started it last week with this thing with Tinky Winky.
And I've just, I've got a two year old child.
It's a goddamn child's show.
Yeah.
You know, and I'm sick of it.
You know, purple is the color.
Well, it is purple.
The color of Jesus is real.
If I'm not mistaken from their Bible.
Yeah.
They said the triangle.
Well, goodness.
Didn't that see you sign of the Trinity?
We had a big article in here about the British again.
Our pink and our pants because it's a British show.
And they just can't believe how stupid and...
Well, then they said something about a magic bag.
If I'm not mistaken, when I was a child, Felix the cat had a magic bag.
Yeah.
He wishes he still had it with the islanders by the way.
I'm just so sick of this Christian being the first one to pick up a rock and throw it
if you don't believe in what they're.
And I was raised under Christian, but it's...
Why is it that you don't see porn again rabbis out there preaching?
It bothers me.
Oh, you do.
You do.
So you've got the crazy work of oxygen in Israel and they're all over the place.
Good new foam serum coming back someday.
The fanatic and everywhere, the more...
Like I told you before, what's the point of repeating it?
The more fanatical they are, the crazier they are.
And the more intolerant they are, and the more this kind of crap happens.
Open line in Broward to indeed.
56670560.5060 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady mobile in the keys.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Am I on the air?
It sounds like you.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
We're heading for KeeLargo right now.
I'm going north.
And I want you to call my husband a flamingo.
Okay, great.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward to indeed.
You know, this is very sad to me.
You know, this show, this whole town is so sad.
It's like...
I've said this for years.
It's like there are two different shows going on.
I'm the show that I'm doing, and then the show that they're doing.
And by the way, that was Andy from Hollywood, the asshole before not Mitch.
But guess what?
It's the same person basically.
Pretty much so.
Different bodies, same asshole.
I mean, Andy from Hollywood faxes us to make sure that we know that he was the jackass,
not Mitch from...
And anybody else I would apologize, but Mitch's case will I apologize?
No, of course not.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe the reason we're not getting too much response this week.
Maybe after Tiki Winky, that put him over the edge.
They're all running down to the passport office to get a hold of the ill passaport though and squeeze it tight.
Here's the Cape Coral.
Hello?
Neil, what's up?
Yes, sir.
You got a great story for you.
Just pulled into a supermarket over here.
There's this old blue hair button screw artistry in this.
Probably a 1975 Lincoln Continental.
Got a big sign on the dash as I looked in.
Reminder, turn off turn signal.
No kidding.
It says what?
Turn off turn signal.
You've got a reminder in there.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
We'll think about that one for a while, sir.
Excellent.
He thought it was great.
See what I mean?
There.
One thing about this audience.
Very often they will respond immediately even though they don't realize it.
Right there.
That's exactly what I'm talking about.
He thought it was very amusing.
Here.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Yeah.
Is it me?
It sounds like you, yes.
Hey, Neil.
I'm just sitting here trying to contemplate the world and I'm thinking about this guy.
He wants to ban the Calvin Klein ads.
He's probably one of these guys that's selling child pornography on the Internet.
Probably.
He's probably got an enormous website on there and he's peddling it.
It's going to cut in on his business.
Uh-huh.
That's all I got for you.
Okay.
No more serious robot catalog either, pal.
All right.
Okay.
That's where we're going to have to.
In fact, what they're going to do is they're going to wonder why they're going to send all their little Christian soldiers all over America with scissors cutting out the pictures that they need to be inappropriate from all the mail order catalogs.
So when you get your catalog at the store there in the mail, you'll find like a lot of empty holes.
I shouldn't say that.
In fact, an Alabama is probably going to be a lot of empty.
Well, that's bad.
Four minutes before noon at 5.60 Q.A.M.
This is 5.60 Q.A.M.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
We are from Avias Gate to join us in a square black.
Cut off your nuts and drain what comes as applesauce and some pho-bar be towel.
We will pick up your soul on our way through your galaxy.
So have your ass packed and be dead when the robot is close assistant to Earth.
Thank you.
I've got kicks in all black mountains waiting for our arrest.
Where am I to move?
You're under for out of place that we've been walking out with faces.
You've been out of place.
Nothing's going as it is.
I've got just a bucket of space.
I've got a bucket of space.
I've got a bucket of space.
I've got a bucket of space.
I've got a bucket of space.
I've got a bucket of space.
I've got a bucket of space.
So we thought good and some apple sauce.
Just only at the max.
Oh, sucks.
The way to hellbox.
When we do it or not, it's got jumped and we waited for hellbox.
We poor hate all by.
The end of the head explains how we need up what our faith makes.
Right on the face.
You're ready to go.
Now you've got to go to another space.
We go to a hunt for a lot of bad minutes not too far.
Two minutes after you and five sixty WQM and for some reason.
After you, Chris Reed is on the, I don't know why they keep doing this.
I guess because they got to do something.
He's got the QA in ban out there.
Let's see.
He's at the Northwest 67th Avenue exit off the Palmetto.
In the McDonald's parking lot, it'll be there between 12 30 and 130.
With free tickets with the damn Reenahslaubi DeGolf,
they're at this weekend.
Free Hurricanes and Pittsburgh basketball tickets for two days of the 23rd at 7 30 PM in Miami Arena.
Hurricanes Rutgers basketball tickets for Saturday the 27th new in the arena.
The new I turn the orangers on t-shirts and DNH bumper stickers and the 7 or so on.
12 30 to 130.
The QN van look for 67th Avenue exit off the Palmetto and the McDonald's parking lot.
We see must be getting free food out there.
Some of the people are going back there.
Remember they went out there with the stuff?
Okay, we have an open line at Broward to and Dayed.
5 6 7 0 5 60, Palm 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami Beach.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I think everything is going on with this religious right.
Is that so?
Because we're exposing them for what they really are.
A bunch of nim-witted fools.
Don't say exposing it, sir.
I mean, do you agree?
We already know public and party.
We already know that.
But the fact is that they're getting laws passed in various states around a country,
including this one, that are taken away people's rights to do even the most private and whatever they're doing.
We already know that there are a bunch of nut cases.
Well, that's true, Neil, but don't you think that within the next elections the Republicans are going to be exposed for basically sleeping with these guys?
Yeah.
And don't you think they'll suffer from that in the elections?
In Alabama?
Not in Alabama, but with.
Well, that's my advice then.
Stay out of Alabama.
Have a great day, Tom.
Dade County is open.
Wide open.
Open wide, sweetheart.
56670560.
Palm 560 on a mobile one line.
Selling or distributing any device designed or marketed as useful primarily for stimulation of human-genital organs was made punishable in Alabama by up to a year in jail in a $10,000 fine.
You want me $50,000?
Even I'm going to tell you something, even the one cell amoebas are looking at this and they're saying, oh my god, are these humans stupid?
Any device sold primarily as if it's somebody's business, what you're doing inside your house or inside your apartment or inside your tea room, wherever the hell you are.
And you can, you know, well, it's Alabama, but you know what?
That's the American.
That's right.
More and more and more.
They're making it in roads because the rights of the people are sitting back watching a teletubbies, whatever they're watching, which by the way, the thing about the teletubbies is on two way in that people in the new thing in the
room this morning.
If Pinkie were gay, his bag would match his shoes any gay person would know that.
There's the whole deal right there.
That's right.
So straight assholes, they're the ones that can't figure it out.
They're all confused like Jerry.
And we're not too sure about him.
Here's a mobile in Pemberk Pine, chill out.
Oh, Neil.
What would I do without you every day?
What would I do without you?
Well, you'll find something.
Open line in day one and groward.
If I may be able to hook you up with Mitch and Andy and Hollywood.
56670560 and pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's moral gables.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Morning, Neil.
Morning.
After that.
Good evening.
Hey, it just contains the subject, Neil.
Why?
Why not they give the Golden National Award to Monica Lewinsky, Linda Trip, all of Johnson, Ken Starr.
What about Lucian Wilbert?
And what about you?
Okay, open line in day one and groward.
56670560 pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Palm Beach.
Fort Myers.
Are we still on here for Myers?
Does anybody really know?
Huh?
Do you know the answer?
Is that Jack Ball still on the morning?
Do we know the answer to that?
The one that's doing all his tag routines.
Oh, so helping God that Port St.
Lucy, which I have no idea why you keep putting that on.
Port St. Lucy.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Good afternoon.
Yes.
How are you, sir?
Okay.
I'm going to be in town.
Oh, yeah, that's your buddy.
I told you.
Greg, formerly a Boynton Beach, not from Port St.
Lucy, I don't care where you're going to be.
Okay.
You're another asshole.
And see, he's, you notice what the fact says.
He's buddies with the other.
And it's like a little ring.
Remember the days when Gilbert used to be the pivot man.
Well, he's old news.
They wore him out.
He can no longer be the pivot man.
So not these guys.
All like a little, like a little cluster fork.
56670560 pound 560 on the mobile line.
It's great when you look on a, when I can look on a screen and say,
where the call is coming from?
And I already know who it is.
Nice going.
Damn, God.
Thank you.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
So I'm going to ask if you're still on here.
You're the only thing that's on the air here in Port Myers.
Yeah.
You know, you were running down a list of things that they might have to ban
in Alabama.
You said candles this at the other.
Right.
You left off a couple big ones.
What about the human hand?
Which maybe they will ban in Alabama.
Yeah, but you know, unless they left a few headlamps around.
They're not selling those in the store.
I'm talking about things you can buy in a store.
Okay, because that leaves out my last point, which was they, they, they have to ban the human
cuts, which they can't ban in Alabama because they won't have a governor.
Yeah.
That's all.
Okay.
Thank you.
What do you say?
You said, Dave County was wide open.
567-0560.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Muddy-Cone.
There you go.
Maybe we'll get Dave County awake now.
Muddy-Cone.
Magic Circle.
Okay.
Circle Jerk.
That'll do it for Dave County.
567-0560.
We're going too fast for you.
Uh-huh.
And Pound 560 on the infamous mobile one line.
We pay for it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, um, a couple comments on that log you just read.
I guess then we're going to have to start selling vibrators as personal massagers.
And motorcycles will be banned also.
That's right.
What do you think?
And they also won't be able to put that fur on the seat anymore.
Thank you.
Okay.
They think it's funny.
You know, it's, it's funny in a very sick way.
They think it's amusing.
Wait till they do it in Florida.
Wait till they take away your pocket rocket that bitch up there in Orlando air in summers.
She'll be out of business.
Remember that the hot sex bitch they used to be on a night.
I'm actually a lesbian.
I'm actually a lesbian.
We know the first time was good.
Whatever.
Here's a mobile in Coral Springs.
Hello.
Coral Springs.
Going once.
Yeah, I know.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you see Jesse Ventura trying to get some of the old laws off the books in Minnesota.
Yeah.
Such as unmarried adults, you know, who are not allowed to have sex now.
They could be arrested.
It was unlike Tom Snyder last night talking about all the opposition that he's getting trying to.
These old laws by the conservative right.
Yeah.
You know, off the books that he's having all kinds of trouble.
Well, he's going to discover it.
I'm sure he knows it.
In Minnesota, there's a lot of real old, the British uptight Swedes up there.
Yeah.
There are.
And I guess also in Alabama, I guess they're not going to sell any more fruits and vegetables.
That's right.
I'm going to buy some of my protested comments.
I'm shutting down.
You got it.
Thanks, Neil.
And have a great day.
I absolutely want to be.
We got a new, pretty new offer.
The station that delivers presidents.
The last.
A delivering tweaking.
A whole week of law.
You can fall apart by winning video concepts of the movie delivery.
Where is it you are trying?
We require that you listen to the radio all weekend.
All saying things will slow.
The grand prize winner will be flown to Ghost in Georgia for a canoe trip for two down the
hill.
I'm not going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
I'm going to watch you ever.
It'll be just coming downstream right down through Georgia through that Kahulawasi river.
Seeping right into the goddamn lake up there.
It'll be in your drinking water before you know it.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I'm from Minnesota.
I'm not Swedish.
I don't think I'm a pro.
Do you have any questions?
There are a lot of right-wing Swedes up there, aren't there?
Yeah.
There's not a lot of right-wing.
It's traditionally a liberal area, you know.
Yeah.
Come free.
Sort of like it's Boston.
It's Boston, traditionally liberal too, but there are a lot of prudes.
See, there can be a place that allegedly is liberal and still be very prudish and hypocritical, like Boston.
Okay.
It is.
Have you ever been to Boston?
Yeah, only a couple days.
Yeah.
Have you ever heard the term band in Boston?
Right.
Right.
Well, the Boston is supposed to be an all-mobharver, Nali, Suda, and Legiwals,
and all these liberals, but Boston is a very repressive, goody Tussus place.
Okay.
They've been fighting the last four or five years.
They've closed down everything.
They're the nudy bars.
I mean, you can't even go even in your bedroom.
You can't walk around naked in Boston.
Unless your name is Kennedy.
Yeah.
What do you need to do?
Just a question.
Why don't you have George screening calls?
Meaning what?
You know, a lot of places just have them get some information before they're in the room.
Because we don't want to do that.
We don't want contrived radio.
We talk to everybody.
I mean, maybe not too long.
We talk to everybody.
That's why it makes the show more interesting.
Thank you, Neil.
I'm going to tell you, sir, shows where they do that exhaustive screening.
They are terminal.
They are coma inducing and have a great day.
Here's your guy from Minnesota.
Tell us how to do the show, by the way.
You better start screening those guy damn calls, George.
Not...
They're like, I mean, we want to hear what's really out there.
We're not going to sugar code it for.
There's a lot of assholes out there.
Okay?
They got a right to call and show everybody their an asshole.
I'm going to tell you, if we start being selective with calls,
then I'll really be sitting here talking to myself.
Oh, yeah.
We're going to be real selective now.
We're only going to talk to really sharp people who really have something for found or interesting or amusing to say.
Yeah.
When's that call coming in?
Let me know what day and I'll show up.
She likes it.
I heard Hank yesterday talking about that one guy ahead the beginning of the show on Monday.
And he's right about that guy.
That Jack asked, that fall well liquor.
I couldn't have bought him for $10 million.
But like, maybe once every two years you get a call like that.
Hey, let's hear all your greatest calls.
Okay, here's the bridge center.
And now what?
Wow.
We're working on the next one.
We'll get that other guy we're just talking about.
We'll get that one for you.
But how about the rest?
Well, they haven't come in yet.
Two open lines in date.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Neil, I can't believe.
Are you serious about that dildo thing?
Yes.
Oh, it's on page 6a in the Sun Sentinel.
This is not a joke.
It's on page 6a.
It says, women block band on sale of sex toys.
Oh, my God.
Yes.
Red and red.
Red and red.
From the hero.
So you know, it must be possibly true.
We have to get out of here.
We have to leave this country.
Yeah, that sounds good to me.
Neil, another thing.
There's a big alert on Coral Way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're using one of the graffiti antichrophidy trucks.
And all that.
And I already got pulled over by one point.
One of my antichrophidy trucks.
I mean, the bumper sticker police?
No, the ones that paint the buildings that has graffiti and all that stuff.
They're using that as a way of pulling people over.
And in Coral Way, so that officer that pulled me over, officer, or Brady, whatever is named it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, right.
We second that emotion.
Maricone.
Come on.
Say it with some enthusiasm, sir.
Say it with feeling with passion.
Maricone.
What the hell are the women today?
They must be all out to stock it up on those devices now.
They're going to hide them away.
That's right.
All you ladies out there, you better go see a patty, sexy things, and all your favorite neighborhoods, your joints.
Because when they come knocking on your door a few months from now to try to take those things away, just have them hidden.
Get a goddamn vault.
Get a safe.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, the Dildo police already raided this shop in Coconut Grove.
You did?
The one that paint pussycat?
Oh, yeah.
That's long.
They've been doing that for years.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
I think the question is, we're buying everything up.
So anyhow, listen, I got to disagree with you about the circle.
I think the circle, 2000 year old artifact, pretty interesting.
Where's all the museums in Miami?
Every major metropolitan center has museums.
Because this is the cultural wasteland.
We're going to have a circle.
Well, I think it's pretty good.
Yeah, the Miami Symphony Orchestra, anybody heard of that?
No.
Yeah, well, the Miami Museum of Natural Science and History.
No.
Of course not.
This is a wasteland.
This is a Palm Tree Layton Alligator, you know.
There's no history here.
Well, just a thought.
I thought it was pretty interesting, educational tool, better than Magic Johnson's marketing.
Yeah, but it's not like the taxpayers.
But again, Alex Penis has decided, him along with his commissioners,
that the taxpayers are going to pay off this developer.
I mean, the money isn't going to come out of the sky.
They're going to pay off this developer to pay him back for the land or whatever,
be over and above that, that the court decides they got to pay for it,
so they can preserve a few old teeth.
Well, I think it's pretty interesting.
They should take a picture of the people in sunrise who want to preserve old teeth, stick them in a glass.
There you go.
All right.
Call up Martha Ray.
She knows how to do it.
Sorry, they disagree.
Okay, I have a great thing.
He likes to circle.
Okay, he likes to circle.
Maybe we all just ought to build a circle, K-Rite there, make everybody happy.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
And what about those slim gyms you were eating before, by the way?
Those would be illegal in those ought to be illegal here.
George was saying that when you buy stuff at the drugstore, like Walgreens,
that tends to be a little fresher than when you go to some convenience stores,
anybody ever going to convenience store by a candy bar, opened it up?
It wasn't white chocolate, it was like milk chocolate, but it was white, because it was 100 years old.
Anybody ever do that?
Yes.
Anybody ever go in and get like a Vin and Jerry's fish stick,
and you open it up and it comes to find out you're like 10 blocks up to streetball already,
and you find out that it had melted and refrozen and melted and refrozen,
and it was older than the fuselah and those teeth in that circle.
There it is.
So even if they call it convenient, they didn't say it's good, but it's convenient.
So there you go.
There was a law would be against it.
I am guilty.
What the hell?
Like I think I killed the cold.
Here I am on the zen.
I will tell it all.
About a man who no longer can't be playing pro football.
Everywhere people stand,
each and every day you turn,
they see me on TV,
and I give them say,
Hey, you didn't hide that level day.
Oh!
Hey, you didn't hide that level day.
Justifying I won't lie,
I'd say to you,
Chalice,
is different,
makes no sense,
and finds Johnny Cochrane.
Now I see the journey
of the sea,
the catch of DNA,
gather around all the brown,
and me give them say,
Hey, you didn't hide that level day.
Oh!
Hey, you didn't hide that level day.
Oh!
Hey, you didn't hide that level day.
Oh!
Hey, you didn't hide that level day.
So all was in that type of way.
So we got to, I want to start with the full space in the end.
12.33 at 5.60 WQAM.
OK, we got some open lines today.
We haven't heard from Brendan Barmer's friends at school
mates from Palme de Ohio.
How are you, how to count?
What's the reason for that?
What kind of people go to Palme de Ohio?
Where is it?
You know, I mean, it's in Miami, but you don't know.
You don't know where Palme de O's senior high is.
What is wrong with you?
You lived in Dave County for a long time for a brief moment.
And so did I a bit of a long time ago.
Huh?
Maybe our, maybe our crowd just doesn't hang out
in that neck of the woods.
I mean, we had people that went to school with, with Rocky,
Antiovaria, and then Garcia and then
Garcia and with, uh, scumbags to Lone and all these other
geniuses from local town.
Nobody knows from Brendan.
Damn it.
Here's Hollywood, Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
By the way, there was a guy that threw off that OJ stuff to
T-shirts and burned them, which was on TV last night
this morning.
Congratulations to him with that auction they do and go ahead.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Can't hear this guy at all.
Hello.
Yeah, there's nothing more discussing the sagging talk about
Dildo.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Thanks.
Well, thanks for your input.
We have an open line that brought in an all three and
Dave five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on a mobile one.
On he must have a back home on his mind.
Here's a mobile in Margate.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing boss?
Okay.
Uh, I got a big report for you.
Yeah.
I saw Andrews between prospect and open park.
Andrews between prostate and Oakland Park.
Yeah, they got their radar guns out and shoot them in the radar too.
God bless you, sir.
Thank you so much.
All right.
You know, don't forget to blink those lights by the way.
They get upset about that.
Too bad.
It's America.
It's your right.
It's your first amendment right.
You want to make an expression.
You want to communicate and say have an ice date or other fellow travelers out there.
I don't say fellow travelers.
You're the fellow drivers out there.
Then blink those lights and warm.
And by the way, I thank profusely again, happen just the other day out here on Ives Derry
Road.
Somebody blink me and there was porcupine sitting on the side of the road.
All you know something?
I applaud the porkers who sit out here on its residential street, speed limit is 30 miles
an hour on Ives Derry between 441 and the stadium.
And I'm going to tell you something.
The driving behavior of the people who drive an ethnic of the woods is unfreaking acceptable.
It is unbelievable and unacceptable.
So I applaud those porkers out there.
You ought to be doing more of it.
Okay.
I mind my peace and cues driving up there and back every day because I know that number
one I'm going to get a goddamn ticket if I don't.
And number two is the residential area where it makes sense to have a low, you know, there's
all kinds of little kids running around.
It's houses right on the street almost.
And there's people whipping through there 60 and 70 and 80 miles an hour.
Like there's somewhere they got to go in a hurry in this place.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
New bound.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you know, these people with the circle jerk down there in Southern Miami.
Yeah, man.
Do they even look at the possibility that that might be a foundation from when the
bristles were down there putting up layhouses and such?
No.
Are they just going to vacuated?
You get these new age.
Maybe they're born.
So they maybe was the bristles teeth.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, these new age people are shaking around like an Alabama dildo.
Right.
They're down there with the Indian shaman.
And you know, I hate to say, but those are seminal that felt, you know, the presence
or the energy there.
Well, these were arrow whack Indians that, you know, have it at these little areas come
up from the Caribbean.
I had nothing to do with seminal.
Are you kidding me?
Arrow whack, yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you know, these goofballs are just down there shaking.
And, you know, I think it probably is a bigger, it should be a triangle, I guess.
And in fact, if you checked it out on NewsLiStyle on Channel 4 was purple.
I don't know if Brian Norcross made something to look that way, but it looked purple to me.
Didn't it?
Open line of Broward.
Five, six.
I mean, to me, the whole thing is much to do about nothing.
Front page of the newspaper, big song and a dance.
We found some old teeth.
Not old teeth, man.
This is the perfect time.
There's no place in the world that's got more old teeth than this one.
And I'm talking about people that are still alive.
And yes, many of them are in the glass, but nevertheless, old teeth.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Okay.
It's nice talking to you.
Probably another circle, asshole.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Another one of your people.
Open line of day two and Broward.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
Pom five, six.
They must be on a jungle juice today.
You know what?
You must be doing it.
They must be sucking it in the juice, too.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Long time, Lister.
First time caller.
All right.
Got a question for you.
Uh-huh.
In hockey, I know you don't like talking to sports, but what's a five hole in hockey?
What's a five hole in anything?
It means between the legs.
Yeah, but why do they call it five hole?
Well, maybe we ought to call it an asshole.
How's that?
How does that sound?
Do you like that better?
Uh-huh.
Well, what difference does it make with what they call it?
What the hell difference does it make?
When a team has a man advantage, they call it a power play.
Why do they call it a power play?
Ask them.
I don't know.
But how do I know?
Well, they shoot it down the ice.
They call it icing.
They could call it frosting.
They could call it a million other things.
Okay.
Oh, gee.
Too many.
It's frosting.
You know, what do they call you thing?
He's an asshole.
Exactly.
Why do they call you that?
I think we already have the answer after that call.
But thank you, sir.
Brilliant.
There's another great sports call here on five sixty two.
Sports radio.
Just ask Greg Reed.
He'll tell you.
It's sweeping the country, man.
With a big gigantic broom.
We're making all the money for him here.
We got all the numbers here.
But yeah, it's the sports shows.
That's where it's at.
Right?
No.
And you're a god with a cast of they watched as before shooting a scene.
Hey guys, yeah.
What do you think about my press?
You think you need to look okay?
You think my nipples need to be harder?
Yeah, maybe a little lighter than the nipples.
Yeah, maybe a little lighter than the nipples.
You think about my balls.
You think my ball just okay?
Oh, yeah.
Forget about your balls.
What do you think about my ass?
Of my ass?
Oh, man.
That looks nice.
All right.
That's going to be great for the scene.
Right?
And oh, yeah.
And your nipples are directing that.
Oh, yeah.
I'm so stupid.
I forgot my line.
We got a talk.
I think so.
No.
Okay.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
I'm not saying this word.
Okay.
I've seen I've heard you talk about certain women.
and what can I tell you? She's gross. Pamela Lee is gross like she smells.
She looks like she smells like she looks like Josh Friedman. He smells like he looks like crap.
Here's Boka. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir.
Long time, Mr. Fritzman.
Excellent.
How's Chris doing out there as a van by the way? No reports yet. Yes sir. Go ahead.
Hey we were in Walgreens last night in Boka and I want to tell you, most people make you crazy.
We were getting a prescription for my dad and he said we're ill sick and we must took us an hour.
For one prescription I remember.
Yeah they just can't get it together. What's the deal? We're going to die here.
I'm actually after I start going to Eckwoods which is we're faith worse than death.
Yeah they're a little bad. They got lightning down here. I'm from up north.
I don't know. I don't think we, I know, I don't know. We'll have to find out.
I've seen those but they've never happened to Rexall. Remember Rexall?
Yeah I'm super into a lot of places and up north they do a lot better.
Yeah well this is, you got to understand here man. They're decrepit.
We're getting ready to go to the banana boat.
We're getting ready to go out in the racetrack. What's happening out there?
What Gulf Stream?
Oh, a pompeo.
Oh pompeo? Yeah like a weeknight. What's good, what's good kind of go? What's a good night?
Well I got cymo casting. Tonight's a good night, Thursday night.
Go up there in the dining room on the sixth floor. Get you a nice meal, two for $24 dinners.
Okay.
They got cymo casting. Get you a little TV there on your table. You bet the north fill from Detroit and you bet all over the place.
Yeah buddy of mine used to ride out there. I think I've heard you mentioned them too. A Brad Cramer?
No yeah Brad's doing great. He loves Brad Cramer. Bad on him all the time.
Yeah he's from Michigan. That's where we're from. We like to go out and see him.
I think there's an A to B riding.
And yeah he will be riding tonight. Tonight would be an excellent night. If I could we used to ordinarily we go out through the nights
because we like that north fill and Brad Cramer is my favorite driver. He got good taste. He's a great driver.
Excellent. Okay we're going to win some money.
Plunge your brains out. Thanks. Okay. See ya.
There you go Brad Cramer. Isn't that amazing. Brad Cramer is a buddy of his.
Just like we have met a guy at the hockey game. Tell me about Ray McClean Jr.
They're in London, Ontario. And where else does he drive? Why do you know I'm about harness racing? Do you know?
Oh my god. If you think they know nothing about hockey. Harness rate. What's that?
Why do they call it a harness by the way?
And what's that thing in the back of the horse? Is that a five hole?
You know the thing right by his rectum.
Brad Cramer and me McClean Jr. Now you're talking. That's what we need some new blood down here at Pompadopark.
Okay. I mean no you know what I'll do apologies to my good buddies Kevin Wallace and Bruce Ranger.
Wally Hennessey. We'd like to see somebody else win a race like every 50-60 race. Just for variety.
Okay. Just kind of break up the old. Well you know what I'm saying.
Open line of day one and Broward. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and Pomp 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir.
I went to my name Pompadopark. What year did this guy go there?
Well he's 20 years old so I guess he would have graduated a couple of years ago.
Yeah I think so 1980.
Brendan Barmer.
Never heard of him. I graduated in 1980.
Yeah well you're an old fart like me and not as old as I am but you're too old for this guy.
Yeah unfortunately. He's a he was a swimmer and water polo star at Pompadopark.
Yeah we had a very good swim team in a polar team.
Now where is Pompadopark? By the way.
South Miami. 77th Avenue and like about 120th Street.
Huh.
Why never do that. You learn something every day.
Yeah.
Well we're going to keep pushing away. We'll find somebody that's y'all were described before the day is out.
Have a great day pal.
Brendan Barmer. He's right there in Miami. He'll be here this morning on the front page of the sports section in the bottom right hand corner.
How come we never had no woman call in today that's seen that picture.
You see you women you're so stuffy. You're no fun.
So what do they want to take away your instruments? Okay you're no fun.
You're boring.
I mean we had one in fact we had one queen that called in the one.
A mother called and said he would like to do this kind of hard beaten who the hell wouldn't of his persuasion.
I mean that wasn't my point. Well it was my point. The point is he looks pretty and good.
But how come the women are called insane cheese?
You don't want to know why because the women are busy looking for Mike Ricci out there on the ice.
You women have got the crappiest taste. You talk about George with the family Lee comment.
What's wrong with a woman in this town is that the bad eyes bad eyes get some glasses get some context go get that the slice job done and the eyes too.
Man the van is gone by the way why he's not a stuff out of big rush.
We have how come he's got got all kinds of all because he's given away free stuff.
Am I dumb and am I really really really dumb? Am I slow? Am I losing it?
He's giving away free stuff. He's got the runs out there.
We got the runs because I'm pushing for calls all week long here this week.
It's I mean you know right now we got a few but they won't be there long.
You know we had the penis gate thing even even nobody talked about that on the show all those 13 months.
It was always like hovering there behind us like it was something to talk about but we really didn't very much to it was over there the last day.
Then that thing kind of like cleared the air a little bit to like and bring it back now.
And now it's like okay what do we do now anybody know?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Is there any doubt that Alex Pinhead Ellis is just the consummate politician?
No.
Did you see his important news conference?
Yeah we talked about that before on Channel 4 how they boxed it up and it got with the big head from New York kept the Ken Rosado whatever his name is.
kept talking with his mic off it was a disaster.
It was just so typical.
Brand stand play against Santa right there with a circle with Merit Steerheim and Ruth Shack and all these other long time community
stories behind them.
This guy is going to make a career out of appearing to be against the mainstream just like with the arena.
Yeah.
He came out that was just running platform.
He came out against the arena and then he got into office and they said well.
All of a sudden Mickey made him an offer he couldn't refuse.
And now this thing with the circle they had all the microphones out there and Tony Cigarette was like breathless we got a major announcement.
What a simple thing he is Tony Cigarette.
What a check ass what a silly, simple, slaubing idiot he is.
A silly person.
You know it's okay to have a silly guy doing sports but this business of making sports guys in a news guys which happens in his town all the time.
I mean is it ever going to stop?
No.
Probably not.
Maybe we'll see that here.
Okay have a great day pal.
All right you did.
Good luck to us.
Tony Cigarette.
Oh he's all excited because he's been here all his life and he's a hurricane alumni.
Alumnus whatever it is.
See that should speak for itself.
See most people who are smart that graduated you with M.
They want admit they'll say they went to like Harvard or somewhere.
They're not going to tell you they went to UM.
Is there anybody with a brain that would tell you they went there?
No.
Of course not.
They lie about it.
Oh we went to Vanderbilt you know anywhere.
I mean I have to intend to see but at least it's not a bad school because most of the kids are from out of the state.
560.
560.
560.
Rhymes with Chixie on the mobile one line.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hi Neil.
Yes ma'am.
I'm a long time listener key.
I've never called before though.
Great.
But I just want to say one thing that some people call your show and have such negative things to say about you and your the format of your show and the things that you talk about.
If they don't like it why don't they just turn the station or turn off the damn radio.
They have no life.
That's right.
This is their life.
This show is their life line.
This is it.
No seriously.
This is their only connection between the big brown box and life.
Yeah well I just another thing I want to say about the first pharmacies go.
You've got all these pharmacy technicians you know manning the front line.
These people I don't know where they I don't think they have any education and I mean they have no business telling you how to take your medication.
Pharmacists are too busy to handle the influx of people so they have these technicians.
So you know what a five dollar and hour lose.
You know what it reminds me of it's like I'm sure you've been in restaurants.
In fact restaurants that used to be really good where you get good service and then when you give them a little slow spell what they start doing is they start cutting back and they have one waiter or waitress taking care of far more tables than they can handle.
Right I shouldn't have the service business for many years.
As soon as you see that happen you know that that place is on the way out.
Absolutely.
I've been a bartender slash waitress for many years and I've seen it all happen.
Because how can you possibly give twice as many people good service that you can really wait on.
You can't it's impossible.
Right and if the same thing they do in these pharmacies needs drugsters they got the four or five people running around back there.
They got 20 people lined up inside.
They got a half a dozen cars lined up at the drive-thru outside and the same people are supposed to be taking care of all of them and the right hand doesn't know what the left hand is doing.
And all these sheets of paper and all these bags laying around all over the place.
It's impossible so wonder if people don't start dying from that.
Well they probably are we just don't know about it.
Right they're not reporting it yet.
But I also like to say it's a good thing my girlfriend and I don't live in Alabama.
We'd be in big trouble.
Exactly you better watch it.
Better keep that door locked real tight.
Thanks again.
Have a great day.
Okay we have an open line in day one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty animal the one line.
Oh she said her girlfriend and her.
She couldn't when she first called I thought she was going to talk about Brad the whatever is named as.
Brandon now I know why she didn't.
But that's okay sweetheart you do your thing and her thing to here's a story hello.
Neil yes sir.
Hi how you doing great.
Hey a couple things last Sunday morning I was nursing a hangover to sort of channel surfing and I between watching religion and resting my two favorite things the way.
Oh yeah.
Same difference.
Exactly.
I came across this info merchant and he says doctor talking about hair transplant.
It happened I thought I recognized the voice of the person he was talking to it was Steve K.
Yeah Mr. Rigu I've seen that thing.
Oh hey it is.
Oh yeah he's got a he's got a transplant for your penis for your hair for your finger for your.
Correct everybody part he's got some crack a goofball under a pedal and some garbage.
Yeah I think he's trying to look like he's 20 again or something but I'll never he'll never get there.
Yeah.
The other thing he's trying to get his audience up to 20 is what he's saying.
I used to listen to him and tell that when he arrived at the end of the night.
Yeah.
Yeah were you ever you weren't there then this was like an 80 45.
No I left there to about 83 I got out just in time.
84 was sold before the thing went into the world.
Where'd you go right after that?
I.N.Z.
Oh see that we couldn't I couldn't get that.
Maybe I could.
I was on an I.N.Z. for like five years then I was on Zayden in the morning for a year and I was on I.O.D. for nine years then I'm over here and then I'm on.
I grew up in Martin County.
Oh wow.
You know I get those signals you know.
Not at night.
I was just saying.
You know it's not even in Broward County can't get I.N.Z.
Well I miss I like I like you call me Alice but I like to L.R.A.T.L.
I don't know if you just gave the time until you you know for city was.
So it was so what city was gay I just said he like purple or something.
But I always liked him.
Yeah well even though he was a fact okay listen to that great time to lay too late you're you're.
How can a child talk about people and nobody cares about all these old I'm telling you.
Nobody cares about Steve Kane about Alice Rantell.
There are more people that care about her okay.
I hate to break the news to you.
There ain't nobody cares about her even pony tail says he takes the free plug they get from that station and from her show.
But wouldn't spend time advertising because nobody ever called why I say I don't understand that.
He likes the free plug so he brings them food and they talk about him on here but nobody ever comes in from there.
So what's the point why is he wasting I mean the food isn't for free.
It's costing a money to make the food.
No wonder he acts so whacked out all the time.
If you catch my drift.
1256 is 560 WQ AM on he's going to be if they ever do that thing with the vibrators down here.
Jeff Cohen there'll be riots over there at the pizza lot he'll have an nervous break.
He'll be out there protesting in the wave in the street.
Speaking of something you can wave on there here's another item.
She's after all the Monica stuff. How can I forget about this I bet she there be no more cigars now Alabama.
That's right never thought about that because you know about Bill cigar in that place.
It's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White Bull Association.
Let's face. Most of us will never be rich.
Hell we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressed.
But as usual with every problem there is a solution.
Hi I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns.
They scare the **** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right handguns. Think about it.
Need some cash? Probably bank. Don't have enough money for beer or the convenience.
Take some chips and pretzels while you're at it. It's all free if you got a handgun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him.
It's a simple solution of life's complex problem.
What I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the dancing of the street. Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out and could be considered a population control.
Yes handguns. They just might make you think.
It's a million times to one of five sixty WDQM handgover show at two o'clock books or six to seven thirty pre-game at seven thirty blues and a panther's eight o'clock tonight.
I'm just wondering. You think Brendan Barmer, no spani farmer.
We have an open line at Broward five six seven o'five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT.
Well, you should find out where Palm Auto Senior High is today.
Something from moving up into world.
And one of the reasons we probably didn't see any of the stories about the Calvin Klein stuff is because they're not any of one of our local garbage papers.
Maybe there's a story in USA today. We're going to have to start getting USA today.
Can we get a fat delivered here maybe? I think I'll pay for it.
Huh? They do deliver.
Of course we have to make sure that we get it and somebody else doesn't have Scott with every day because a lot of people in this building will like all those colorful photos.
Here's a Dania. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Great.
Yeah, if I've been meaning to call you Monday, I was at the panther's game against the sharks.
Yeah.
You know, at least there was two all.
We're strapping game. Very, very weak game.
We certainly need Bury back in the lineup.
Right. Bury.
I'm Bury. I mean, very good.
But you know something. It's a very sad comment. I mean, I know he's the most exciting player in the world, which he is not the best player, but the most exciting.
And he's a head that's told us about most of our guys, but it's a very sad comment that when you got one guy out of your lineup that it can make such a tremendous difference.
Although I guess you could say the same thing, you know, the dolphins without marino aren't the nearly the same either.
That's how important he is to have him healthy.
Oh, no, dad. He's like defrancized.
Right. I mean, to say to me.
I mean, I think that performance last night. Yeah, I kept saying that they must have missed a plane. They didn't show up here.
Well, they only Sean Burke made the trip. Everybody else missed a plane.
Oh, no, Burke made some amazing. He was unbelievable. He was great.
Truly.
Yeah. Thank God for him.
But I was going to ask you, you were talking about this guy who was the comedian host.
I think it was Monday night at the game.
I believe it was the first time the Panthers ever had that.
The first time they ever had what?
Well, no, they had this comedian host, this guy.
Oh, they got me Tuxedo. Oh, my God.
Oh, they hate him like poison. They want him out of there now.
You're going to be kidding.
No.
No, I'll be honest with you. I mean, of course, I'm there for the game. I mean, there's no doubt about me.
The guy who did the scores of the Outer Town games that Diaz got. He was good. He was good. That wasn't good information.
But this other guy gave us a rest. Love just shut the noise down for a while between three. Let our eardrums are resettled.
This guy was a goofball. He sounded like guilty.
He did. No, but Neil, he was at my section. I mean, he was pretty funny. The guy's just terrible.
You're kidding.
Tell him in fact, if he hangs out in your section the Saturday, tell him everybody wants you out of here.
Something I want to get in this good. I'm serious. I have never... I've been in almost every game, at least when I'm in town, I'm in every game.
And I had more people coming up to me between two and three and saying, this guy's got to go. You better rip him and ask. We hate it.
I'm serious. You better tell him to find a job he can handle.
I mean, I've seen the guy before. He's at the stand of comedy.
Oh, my. He ought to fall down comedy. Right out of the mezzanine.
I'll be get out of there, pal. Thank you so much.
There's the guy that's going to get the job done for us. I'm going to get rid of that goofball.
Oh, did they hate him? Did they hate him? Like poison.
He's a jerk, they kept saying. He was screaming. They were more animated about him than they were about the game.
And it was pretty boring games. So I can understand why.
Except for my boy Ray Whitney. Nice going, Ray.
We have an open-line at Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
To see that with five seconds left in the game last night, Whitney gets a breakaway.
Goes in there and only a great save by Roman Turek. Turek. Whatever his name is.
Roman in the glomon.
Oh, seriously, that was a great chance there. How amazing that even with a few seconds left,
I had a chance to get back into that game as poorly as they had didn't show up.
Thanks again to Sean Burke. Nice going, Sean. I'm thinking of guys in the game.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Uncle Neo. Yes, sir.
You know, with all these stupid laws that are out there and all that stuff.
Yeah, there's something they need.
I don't think they need more stupid laws.
Why don't they make a law against Turek's driving on the MacArthur car's way taking photos of actors, homes and all that on those islands?
I'm sick of driving behind one of them at 10, 15 miles per hour.
Yeah. And having them all around me.
Just to open up the window and tell them to get a life would be good.
I mean, who the hell cares about taking pictures of somebody's house?
They should all be shot.
There you go. We'll go work on it.
Okay, we have an open line and date one in Browse. Shoot them in the leg.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Is that in here, by the way?
Oh my God. Shoot them in the leg.
Oh, I haven't used that the whole 13 and a half months we've been here, or however many months are too long.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pump 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Anybody know Brad Kramer? Anybody know Raymond Clay Jr. there at Weston Fair in London, Ontario? Huh? Anybody know those guys?
No.
Anybody know what horse is asked from their...
Back to him.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Nino.
Yes sir.
He saw you, sir.
Hey listen. I call you yesterday. I was going on my honeymoon early.
Yeah.
Forget about the restaurant. So, um, have you ever been to Pompeii?
No.
You haven't been to Pompeii.
No, I've not.
Oh you haven't? No.
Okay. Well listen. My, my, my cranberry blows and tilts, khaki sucks. Okay?
Uh, there I could love you, man.
It's a passport control. They'll say, no. That's right.
No, that's what they'll say. And of course, in just about a language, you can understand what that means.
You can't come in. We hear you knocking, but you can't come in.
Open line and Broward to indeed.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Why would I want to go to Pompeii if I want to see ancient ruins that go right up here in the street to see the circle?
It's wrong with you, man. Go up the street to circle K.
Now, is there a common that circle K or is that K as in tequesta tequesta?
If we got a city called tequesta, how can it be tequesta?
You can't, you can't, you can't, you can't keep changing back and forth and back and forth.
Celtic Celtic. That's like spell spell and KQE or C-H-E,
which is a difference between Espanol and Taliano.
Of course, Taliano is like a real language.
It does barbarian stole.
Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm a long time with Sara for a time collar.
I was home sick today and I read the Sunset No Article about the ban on the sex toys.
Right.
Necessary outrates and I think that there are lots of worthy drives for all the people who have been affected by these hurricanes and Central America.
I really think the key is to do a dildo drive for all the ladies in Alabama and I'll start by doing what I do.
All right. That's an actual idea. I think we're going to work on that.
Yes. That's a good idea.
And I'll start by donating mine too and I think we can get more women calling in. I'm sure you get a whole box.
Are they worn out?
No, I don't say a whole box.
I can go down and get some as the store in sunrise but they can't get it in Alabama.
I'm going to put it in the box.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Keep it handy.
We'll be working on it.
Excellent idea.
Let's start a dildo drive.
Now, Huntsville, do you know what that rhymes with, don't you?
Well, we have an open line in Broward to and Dade 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
It's amazing to me that there repressed mentality of these people.
There are women in this audience who, that's right, they don't read the sports section.
Well, you better take a look at it.
Okay, and I'll do fags too.
I mean, we got a superstar in this town.
We got a major, major superstar right here in Miami.
And they don't even know who the hell it is.
They're busy taking pictures of that Madonna.
I talk about something that smells bad.
I mean, talk about something that's old, ancient, rotten meat.
There you go.
And it's come back, sliced, alone.
Thank God we're getting rid of him.
Yo, Adrian, I mean, a guy that connects his way out of a paper sack.
If you get 30 million in a movie.
If you get in two billion, he still connects for like two seconds.
He's another mine fork.
Another one of those things.
Like Larry King.
So many state of mind things that are supposed to be good,
but it's just a goddamn state of mind.
All of these things.
I'm about to make a gigantic list.
All of the hype places, all of the restaurants, all of the actors and actresses
and the TV talking heads that everybody raised like Bobo Walla.
I can't speak two words.
I cannot speak at a lick.
And by the way, she's from here.
Which is very embarrassed about.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
We've been through working down in home crying in my bed.
I turn up a TV because they see the NBA stand.
Well, Brian, you look too white.
Why don't you practice that to free throw line?
And you could help us rock and help us get along without my aid.
You can't do this all for me.
Help us rock and help us rock.
Help us rock and help us rock.
I'm not in the ass.
It's so hard without my aid.
Now you gotta really watch it.
It's the baby on the be a man.
Wash away the purple dyga.
Hair cut and some thing on the fans.
Well, Brian, you just so high.
You can triple down the loose you try.
You gotta help us rock and help us get along without my aid.
You can't do this all for me.
Help us rock and help us rock.
Help us rock and help us rock.
I'm in the ass.
You can't do this all for me.
I'm on my aid.
But Kenny, double triple.
Oh my God, it's so sad.
150 to 560 WQM.
Here's a facts by the way from some real queen out there.
I'm sure it says I love Brendan.
I'm on my knees with my mouth open with 82 exclamation points.
See what's shining on the progress here?
Got one honest person in the audience here, the rest of them are full of crap.
We have an open line in day one in Broward.
560, 560, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hi Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
A couple of things I want to bring to you attention.
One, I'm not sure if you knew it, but with that OJ Simpson purchase
at that member of billet that was born at the LA County Courthouse.
The religious right station, the sponsor of it.
I got ahold of OJ Simpson and they started trying to give him some jobs about what they were doing.
It was ironic that OJ pointed out that the $16,000 that they had spent from God's money
could have been put to helping feed globalists and homeless people or aid research
at which point the guy uttered a profanity and hung up.
It was a pretty Christian thing to do.
Cool, cool.
I found that kind of a lot.
He was giving them a lecture.
He called a BoJ to kind of jib them about the fact that he was giving them a lecture.
And how did you turn around for that?
How about the money for that machete?
How well he could have used that for some good purposes too, huh?
And the funerals and all those books.
How can you China get OJ's giving them a lecture?
We have an open state.
Better get your answer in order.
Okay, I mean real fast.
Open line and Broward.
560-705-60 in Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hey, Noah, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Did you and Hank work with Mr. Larry King years ago?
Uh, Hank did.
I never worked with him.
Oh, you did.
I was on his radio show a couple of times at IOD.
Oh, you were?
And of course, he ran around claiming credit for getting me on the ear in this market when I was really
built a call to do it.
But as usual, there is full of crap.
He takes, he gets a lot of credit for things you don't do.
Right.
Yeah.
And making it makes a lot of promises about getting people jobs that he never does.
He's just a bull crap artist.
That's all.
He's bull crap himself to $5 million a year in his famous all over the world.
And he's still a piece of crap.
Right.
And the interview he did hurt with that bitch last night.
He knew and let too many people take a shot at her corner.
I guess you tuned in, Larry.
You didn't hear the story from New York Post.
I did.
I heard a little bit about it.
It sliced him an ass.
In fact, the greatest thing I've ever seen in my life is the picture with a caption that Scott King's
picture there and underneath it says King Pathetic.
All I can say is Pathetic.
You won't read that down here though.
They're still looking his ass down here.
But only your left town leaving all those people had money and never paid it back by the way.
Made about 20 or 30 different promises.
Oh, he's going to pay it back.
He's thinking about paying back.
Of course, a lot of those people are dead already.
Did he ever pay back a dime?
No.
No.
He's only making $5 million a year.
Poor Larry.
Still running around.
Go ahead.
He's only $50.
Open line a day to it, Broward.
$5.670, $5.60, $5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Coral Springs, hello.
Yeah, you know what really makes me laugh?
What is that, sir?
You know, you're always talking about how Europeans, most of you in this country, imagine how they
much view it now in a country where you can buy a gun at $7.11.
Buy a still-go in Alabama.
Right.
The excellent point.
I mean, isn't that incredible?
I know something when they find out when some of them are doing with those guns.
That's what I was thinking.
You know, a few frustrated women.
It will be a little harder to live with that message now.
Right.
All right.
I just wanted to make that quick point.
God bless you, sir.
Okay.
Well, we're sure coming to a bitter end.
We've been thrilled and long here for about what, two, three minutes?
And now all of a sudden, coming to a real bitter end, 41 minutes to go here on the Thursday.
Is there any chance in hell that we're going to actually stick this thing out till two?
No.
$5.670, $5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Probably all the Julios out there.
They got their Harold's board section in their hand.
Can't tell you what they got in their other hand.
But I think I got an idea.
Monicone.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Monicone.
Now, there's a guy that had some material, right?
See what I mean about that?
Monkey C.
Monkey Dewa.
I got nothing to say.
I got no material.
We got two calls on the board.
Bad.
It'd be real bad.
$5.670, $5.60.
Come on.
Let's hear about Roger Clemens and that big tub David Wells.
Come on.
They're bad.
They smell better than Josh Friedman.
We're not positive of that, but just common sense with Dictate.
They do.
I don't understand.
If somebody was all the people that I worked with, we're running around publicly saying, you know, how bad I smell.
Don't you think I would do something about it?
I mean, like even like a yearly bath.
There's got to be an embarrassment factor.
Doesn't there?
We think.
We would think.
Rhymes would stink.
But evidently not, in this case.
Why do we have a house?
Rhyme.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you today?
I went to do Kington.
You went to what?
Do King University in Pittsburgh.
Yes.
And about 100 years ago.
Yeah, that was in 1981, 1982.
Come on.
And let me tell you something.
We all look like cabalca eaters.
This guy looks like a normal person.
He looks like he's from Florida.
Looks like a normal person.
I mean, not a normal person.
He looks like a damn good looking guy to me with a body that even Jesus would kill for.
Yeah, but listen, I want to tell you something.
Three words in Puerto Rican Spanish for Maricol.
Okay.
Okay, you got Maricol, which is the harshest one.
Okay.
Maricol.
Maricol.
Maricol.
Then there's a family now.
No, but a family now.
A family now is like a feminine.
Yes, what do you know?
But then one family now.
And then there's my favorite.
Fariful.
Fariful means you're a hell of a fag.
Yeah.
Somebody messes with you.
I'm a little bit.
I know that Fariful.
Oh, how about Pajarito?
Fari, then, no, that's Cuban.
It's better like a Fariful, Maricol.
Oh, so that was the other ones.
Our real Spanish, Pajarito is Cuban.
Fariful.
But Fariful is the best one.
I love Fariful.
Good luck.
Good luck, Emily.
Okay, we have an open line in day one in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, and 05, 5, 60 out of 18 T wireless line.
Maybe so you'll tell us what pompino means in italiano.
I think Monica knows.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Another Julio.
All right.
Yeah.
Maricol.
My Maricol, or two.
You're bigger Maricol than the rest of us, Julio.
Well, you're not so sure.
Yeah.
Well, we'll have a Maricol.
And Maricol, fair down here in Lila, Havana.
We're going to give each faggot.
We're going to give him a shotgun right off the butt.
Yeah.
Molly, I'm not into it.
So everybody have a good time.
Yeah, well, say hi to all your brothers for us.
We have an open line in day five, six, seven, two.
What I'm saying, it's an obsession.
It's like, I mean, thank God that we're here.
If we're all so like Real Madacomis, what the hell would these closet people do?
From Mendocely frustrated and just anguished about the whole damn thing.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, I could have to go.
Yes, sir.
Why is everybody so freaked out about the Maricolnes around here?
I don't know.
There's a lot of Maricolnes.
There's a lot of less bozes.
A lot of...
Well, I don't think Cuban though.
They see that it's that thing.
I mean, we've outed them and they're very upset about that.
Boy, we're...
I think they're in Papua every...
I've got two things in Miami that's great.
That is South Florida, the weather and the Huchikuchi girls here.
Yeah.
I'm serious.
That's the best thing because this is a bush-leaf town.
Yes, sir.
You can see that.
And the driving here is very...
Even the governor of the state is bush.
That's true.
That's true.
Oh God bless you, sir.
Good luck.
God bless you.
We'll need it.
Okay, two open lines in day five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Deal, God.
Bless you.
And pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
We've got open lines in Palm Beach.
In Fort Myers in Oka-Lusa.
We've got open lines in Orlando.
We've got on the audio net all over the world.
Of course, if we had an 800 number for the audio net and for the West Coast,
we'd never have to be sure to call.
We'd be getting calls from all over the goddamn place.
Is that ever going to happen here?
No.
No, because they're goddamn cheap.
That's why.
Because they're cheap.
Now, where I foster is up there and we like Roy a lot.
He's making about three, four hundred grand a year.
He's pulling down from being the face man for going around and doing a little PR.
Saying, hey, I used to play for the dolphin.
You know, I think what they're going to do is make Roy a heaven.
Do some spots.
You know, what they're earning is living.
For all that what's he making, six, seven hundred thousand a year we heard today.
Hand him the course and he's got a pretty good voice on here.
I like him on those spots, don't you?
Where he says, hi, this is Roy.
Yeah.
I mean, he's better than Lenny Martez and Robert Grimm Grieper.
Amy, a little bit.
Uh-huh.
Okay, let's go to a lady mobile in Oakland Park.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'm Mary Caller.
You're not doing anything away, so that's my way of calling.
Last grade.
What a great start.
A long time listener.
If you need to get me up in the morning with your Neil, Neil, Neil, but I won't go there.
I thought of you.
I was in the bank and the one color looked at the other color and she said, I can't find Milwaukee.
And she was looking through a book and I jokingly said it's him with constant and she goes, she looked at me and she goes,
Milwaukee's an Ellen Blightningham.
And I said, I looked at her because I thought that she was like looking for a piece of paper that said Milwaukee.
Maybe she had too many dinners with Jeffrey Dahmer.
And then the other color looked at and she goes, no, ma'am, it's just South of Chicago.
It's in Illinois and they're arguing that the Illinois was in.
No, not the South of Chicago, huh?
Right.
So I thought of you when I was like the product of our education system here that, you know, wake me up in the morning.
Yeah.
Oh, that was my soul.
That's the old bonus for you.
So I would tell you, it may be pretty good for you, but I'm sitting at the bank and they're arguing that Milwaukee's in Illinois.
Welcome to Florida, sweetheart.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Wow.
Isn't it amazing?
I mean, you can be fairly dumb like me and you walk around when you're in Florida and you think you're pretty smart.
Floridians, dumb as dirt.
You can be like middle age.
You can be aging like me.
You still like you look around.
You feel pretty young.
You can be 90 in Florida and feel pretty young.
That's the best part.
You're better.
You're better.
You're still like under the immediate demographic of death.
This is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
In keeping up with the current social trends reality toy company has introduced its new gang banger Barbie.
Gang banger Barbie comes in your favorite gang colors.
Start your collection with Shunene.
Barbie's crack-hole friend.
Enter Pimp Boyfriend, ice puppy mac daddy Kennedy.
Gang banger Barbie accessories include a Cadillac elder auto for those late night drive-by shootings of rivals.
It's fun for the whole dysfunctional family.
Get it today.
131 at 560 WTQAM.
So Joe Costell was just in here.
I held up the Harold Sports section.
I said, hey, Joe, take a look at this picture.
It's being a very heterosexual guy that you are.
And they're just answering this honestly.
Would you like to look like Brendan Barmer here?
This is a muscle building of swimming or whatever this guy is.
A duke.
And he said, no.
And I said, okay, we have an open up.
That little bit just like that.
That little bit just like that.
That little bit too much definition there.
Okay, a little less of ripple is what he wants.
Okay, maybe a little more grandma.
Boom, less ripple.
566705.
Oh, by the way, here's a fax from Jim and Sunrise.
He's getting chronic and stealing my material.
But it is true.
Mayor Alex Penis in the date county gives new meaning of the term circle jerk.
Good point, Jim.
But you're getting chronic.
Also, Bernard at, remember Bernard Arnold Wayne's ex-wife?
She sends me a rory in name about how her dad was a student counselor 200 years ago at Palmito High.
There you go.
Palmito High.
We're going to put them on a mat.
I must be a pretty good school, don't you think?
Palmito High, senior high?
Anybody know about that?
If it's a good school?
I think so.
I think they got an IQ larger than the thumbnail size down here.
And their teachers don't ask you no questions.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Hello.
Let me try one more time.
Last time.
Yes.
Speak to me, sir.
Yeah, I was glad to see Carrie Carker or not going to line up last night.
Yeah.
Or are you?
Yes.
But, well, I'm not in, not in having Peter Ratchock in her.
That kid is, is not ready for prime time.
Nobody's better in Carker.
No, wrong.
I think so.
Well, I'm glad you do.
Have a nice day.
Wrong.
Absolutely.
Correct your wrong.
Two open lines in Broward, 566705, 60-pound 560 on the 18-t line.
I'm talking about my life now, but it sure is great.
From truck at the sub-center across the street on a quarter of 441 live theory road.
The sub-center where we have eaten just tons and tons of great delicious food over the last 13 months.
And we can't take, uh, thank Chuck and Nesey and all those people over there enough.
It's great.
Everything they got over there, they use the best stuff, the best meats and the best shallots and the best, uh, everything.
Fantastic.
And these Nesey balls, thanks, Nesey.
That's from, uh, everybody here.
It's from all the white guys.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're with that Fagazza down there to the Beatles and North Miami.
That place is awesome.
Long time ago, yeah, that's one of Hank's spots is by the way.
Oh, that's by the way.
That place is awesome.
Listen to them.
I'm getting ready by a Corvette here in a couple of months.
Any advice for a first time buyer?
What do you mean by that?
Well, why do I want to help for a buyer?
Don't buy a 97.
No, I'm going to buy a 77.
Oh, and I'm looking, I just want to get burned.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Any advice.
Any problem?
I've never had a 77.
Have you ever had any problems?
Well, I mean, you can have problems with anything.
I know.
I know.
A 77-year buyer, you know, a car that's 22 years old and a beautiful car, beautiful car, just
to drive it around like I held up a lot before you buy it and before you ripped off.
You got it.
When you buy other people's problems, pal, just keep it in the back of your mind.
Okay.
Why worry about it?
And it always comes to work.
It gets you 99.
Okay.
99 Corvette, best car I've ever driven in my life.
Oh, I always did a car.
Wow.
97.
Don't buy 097.
Okay, because that was the first year they changed and people warned me out.
So, they're going to be problems and recalls and you were right.
Here's color red.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Head or sexual male calling in.
Oh, you're the one.
I don't know.
We had a straight listen.
Excuse me.
I saw that picture in the Harold.
Yeah.
I'd done doing anything for me.
I'm not asking.
Does it turn you on?
I'm just trying to finish my story.
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah.
We believe in that.
What I'm telling you, if I were to convert, it would be for you, Neil.
You were so sexy.
You know, you're just that involved.
Great.
Thanks.
Open line in day five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty.
Muddy corn.
Okay.
You're not pulling me.
Muddy corn.
Text one, no one.
You're a fag pal.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
There's no muddy corn in Cuba.
They're all here.
They're all in a little Havana.
That's right.
In South Beach.
Thank you, sir.
Excellent point.
Two open lines in the day one and Howard five six seven.
We keep probing here, but I don't care.
I got a great lunch.
Hmm.
Thanks, Chuck.
It's made by day.
Made life worth living today.
Plus seeing that picture in the paper this morning.
We had one young lady, one old lady you call that, but you know, no.
Of course not.
That's what I'm saying.
This is such a dead ass town.
You try to like lighten them up a little bit.
Have a little fun with them.
Is it possible?
No.
They're worried about Roger Clemens and that fat David Wells.
That's what they're worried about.
That's the audience on this retarded radio station.
Oh, gee.
What are we going to do?
We're all upset.
Our intestines are like twisted inside out.
We're so we don't know what to do.
How about finding a life?
That would be a good start.
How about getting into real world?
Okay.
How about getting out of your little league mentality, getting out of your little balls and bats mentality,
and getting into the big balls mentality, like in the real world.
Okay.
Like a real human being.
Here's a mobile and Kate Coral.
Hello.
Yeah.
And he here.
Yes.
I was just thinking, Neil, if you combine the, uh, hill, hill, hill, and the handgun, we might be able to sell them up there and out.
We might be able to make a four-to-half deal though.
Yes.
We have a deal though that's fired a load.
Uh-huh.
Excellent point.
Is it that?
Well, let me know when you open up by some stock.
Open line in date, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, and pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Who you screaming at now?
See your gear engaging some jackass, which one is the other number?
Huh?
Who is it?
Who is it and what's he doing?
Let's add a little spice to this thing.
Find out.
I'm hearing you say, uh, cool and all this stuff.
Julio asshole.
He's in love with you though.
Doing what?
Which real fight?
Somebody that was on the air or some other jackass.
What is it?
Well, what is he, what is he, what, he's got a problem with you?
Oh, because I won't let him talk to you.
Why not?
Because he's another Julio Faggot.
He's a Julio Faggot.
I know, I'm sorry, I'm getting redundant again.
Yeah.
Three oh five.
Is there anything different than a Julio Faggot?
No.
Two oh five, two six two, two six two, seventeen hundred, seventeen hundred.
Well, maybe they're not like a business.
Well, he's very bored.
He's looking for some friends.
Maybe you find some boyfriends.
You got a lot of motorconeist on this show.
Two six two, seventeen hundred and the three oh five are rico.
You got like a Julio Madagone.
Great.
I don't know so many Julio Madagones in the magic city though, huh?
Man, they're all over the place.
They're just a slabber and all over.
Twenty three.
Yeah, I'm counting that's going to go on the air.
Through these papers and walls, he's going f*** you.
He started out a regular guy who joined the rectory.
And made the ultimate sacrifice and racing celebrity puzzle.
He's going to aim at fun pulling food.
Five hundred oh three oh three day.
As time went by his early days compromise his joy.
He found the way to get released by altering young boys.
Five hundred oh two.
And then oh.
Five hundred oh three oh three day.
He was happy and gay till he got caught by some title sale.
Then the Vatican paid everyone off and he didn't have to go to jail.
Five hundred oh two.
Hey, then.
Five hundred oh three oh three day.
They sent him to a free street where they give you flex and trade.
If it was you or it was made it lock us up and throw the keys away.
Five hundred oh two.
Hey, then.
Five hundred oh two.
Hey, then.
Five hundred oh two.
Five hundred oh two.
Five hundred oh two.
And forty four five fifty.
Give them that circle question today which alter boys get molested most by the family priest.
Cubans or Irish.
Irish, what about there?
Catholic.
Is it a contest you think?
No, Irish are kind of like pasty.
Okay, look, all you see that movie priest there you go.
That should give you some little tip off.
Here's a mobile and high aliah.
Hello, I'm here.
See, I'm going to go a lot of the way and also in the games.
See, you're right here is a grand maricol.
All right, which is good.
Coming from you, I take that as a high compliment not.
Okay, we have an open line in day one and see we finally.
We're starting to get some of these people calling in.
I'll because we got something we can talk about.
Maricol, Maricol, there.
Thank you by the way that that guy that called and started this a few days ago.
Maricol.
So you got our Spanish speaking people in on the program now.
Something they can relate to a little bit of conversation that they talk about incessantly.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hey, I'm Nick.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, why don't I tell you something I thought a good idea for the Indian circle down there,
downtown Miami?
Yes, sir.
Why don't they just go ahead and build right on top of it and make the first floor kind of a little museum
and put all the little things they find in there that way they don't have to turn it out?
There you go.
That makes too much sense.
Yeah.
They could just make like the bottom floor, it could be like glass.
How are you looking at that?
I will eat you with.
Yeah, I will eat you.
You satisfy all these hippies that are getting all crazy down there about not building over that when the city is going broke
and they need that money anyway.
Right.
So, hey, can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yes, sir.
I'm John.
You got to do stuff.
Okay, sir.
God bless you.
Okay, we have an open-minded dead.
Yet there's all kinds of ways.
They could really move it, you know, just like they move other artifacts into the New York Museum of Natural Science and they move these dinosaur remains.
I mean, you can move all sorts of things when you're talking stones and bones and teeth.
You know, the important stuff.
But no, they don't want to do that because, hey, this is an ancient burial ground and the mayor wants to find some real big song events that he can jump on and make a political hay from.
Because, you know, we don't think that we have no problems in this town.
Yeah, we got a few of these, no, no problems.
Now that we got that scumbag from the motel, we got him and Jill.
And that's not worried about, right?
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
About this Alabama thing, you say always, and I've heard you for years, say, you know, people don't care until it's in their own backyard.
Well, it's in their own, between their own legs, right?
Okay, and sunrise, it's now between their own legs.
I don't know if you've heard about this sign ordinance.
We now have to sign police and sunrise.
You mean the neon thing? Yeah, I've been talking about that.
And the funniest thing about it is that at the meeting, I don't know if you've heard about the comments that Pat Solano made.
No.
The comments that Pat Solano made to the business people is we are an upscale upper class town.
Now that we have this arena and we need to project a better image.
And if the business owners don't like it when they're...
Yeah, that's the last week's story. If they don't like it, they can get out.
They can get out, exactly.
Well, I didn't have much response on that. I had a couple of people call in who are in business up there.
And they're foaming at the mouth about it as they well should be.
And Pat Solano wants to be a little Nazi.
Well, it would seem to me that Nazis and sunrise don't fit into well.
Well, the first sign they ought to take down is the one under sawdress.
Right, exactly.
We've got a name out of material.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Pat Solano drive my ass.
Yeah, that's right.
But hey, they don't care about that.
Like I say, I mean, it's one good thing about America.
You don't have to worry about, you know, some violent revolution.
Because when they come to take over the country, everybody just sit back and say,
OK, go ahead.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Now, who is this woman you keep talking about?
What woman is that?
Madeline Cohen.
She on fly me.
Yeah.
I know.
Is this beautiful?
Retard, retardo, retardo, retardo, retardo, retardo.
Get the butterfly in it. Retardo.
You want us to screen the calls? Are you out of your minds here?
We wouldn't be able to listen to that stuff.
That's a great public service that we perform here on the show is by alerting you the fact that people like this are out there.
They're out there.
They're on the loose.
See it's slimy.
By the way, asshole.
Here's a derail.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I'm a hoolie that graduated from Christopher Columbus High School.
Oh, well, we don't want to get into that.
And that was an altar about that.
And that was an altar born elementary.
There's no fact in the church.
Horrible, I'm sorry.
Oh, he's laughing now.
Oh, God.
Neil, were you approached? Were you touched? Were you like a fondle, then?
Let me tell you a little story.
One time I was caught making out with my girlfriend named Great in the bushes.
Yeah.
The priest called me to his office.
And was jealous his hell, right?
And he tried to kiss me.
No, I'm just kidding.
What a waste.
He told me that there's no fact in the church.
Yeah.
He started off by that saying that he was once a boy of my age.
And he knew what I was going through.
But school's not the place for it.
Right. Maybe he could give you a helping hand.
Yeah. And then he gave me the bread.
And did you tell him, don't give me no lift?
Exactly.
Okay. God bless you.
Neil, take care.
Okay. See you.
So what was that priest?
Maddick Cohn. There you go.
That's it. This Sunday, all you suckers that keep going to church, your parents' ragged in church.
When your priest comes around with it, whatever he's coming around, just yell,
Maddick Cohn.
And he'll go, uh-huh.
So what's your point? That's what I'll say.
Well, listen, when you go to church, aren't you supposed to get on your knees?
Uh-huh.
Good practice. Practice, practice, practice, practice, practice, may it's purpose.
We have an open line at day five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
It's 11 till two at QAM.
In this just unbelievably humorless, desolate, desperate place.
And this takes name much either, by the way.
Yeah, but we always got rawr.
Fall back on.
Because he's out there selling up a store, man. He's out there doing it.
See out there selling up a store.
No.
Are the salespeople psychotic?
Yes.
Nice memo, Scoran.
We've seen him at all today, by the way.
We won't see him no more.
No.
