Let me see that. What the f**k on my day to growl?
Yeah, that's me.
Give me a lunch money.
Are we having a little problem here?
2AM by Ami for Lawyer Pro.
Presents the Neil Rebellition.
No, I'm sorry.
The Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for day to rowered.
Or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers,
or anyone else on the show,
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
and easily read acquisitions for the
Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on SportsRinio 560-2AM.
All right.
I've been to be the victim,
rock-woost and sour crowd.
I love a Polish hit-goat.
I rode a barrel out.
I put on leader holds and I wear a funny hat.
The sound of a crack-doodle-bass band
and I'm the player of the band.
It's a sound you also can hear.
It's a guitar favorite.
That's not saying I'm a live-live-poker.
Fear's your fear side of.
Sing a live-live-poker.
The campus roll high.
The truth is, it starts to trump up for God.
Fear's your fear side of.
Sing a live-live-poker.
Sing a live-live-poker.
Sing a live-live-poker.
The band goes on.
Prow-pow will turn on your fear side of.
Dance with go-round my.
During a lonely talk-out.
It's a disaster and no fear.
For drinks of my new-poker.
It's a day of my time.
Listen to a polka.
Listen to a polka.
Everyone's a stop-poker to see.
Oh, that's not very nice.
10-0-3-5-50-WQ.
I'm happy Thursday to it.
Boy, you got a nice short show today.
That's the way we like it.
Nice and short.
Anybody like it?
We got that big Marlon game.
You talked about beating the dead horse.
Heavy.
Happy birthday to the little dog.
Joe Rose 42 today.
You think that once you get to be 42, you don't have a certain, I don't know.
Like you would transcend a lot of that kind of jockstrap mentality.
But I guess when you were one every day of your life, even on the days when you were playing the games, it just lingers forever.
But be that as it may.
No interest in Alex Fernandez.
Is there anybody cares about him?
No.
The Marlon?
No.
Who lost 400 in the row?
No.
Marlon to the Metz, 105 to pregame this afternoon.
We got a short show again today.
And some people in the audience are saying, oh, Jesus Christ.
We get raped for another hour today.
And we're saying, yeah.
This is what we're saying.
That was wrong with that.
Love those Marlon, especially on days when they got a big game.
By the way, let's go, Spurry.
Nice going last night.
I didn't see any of that.
Not one second of it.
Just tuned in to get the score.
And I said, I'm right.
There you go.
Shut up.
These damn New Yorkers sent them back where they came from.
Go up to MSG.
Maybe put a little MSG on your goddamn pizza.
That you're getting out there on the 34th Street.
Where were you buying it?
Well, you can go anywhere now, because it's real safe.
It's real safe.
It's boring.
It's plastic.
At any rate, for some strange reason, the same newspaper, the mommy here,
that yesterday gave us on the front page about a station on a phantom frequency,
17 under because Barry Jackass and Harold are out of ended against QAM.
On the front page of the front section, for some reason, they don't seem to be too heavily into this story
about the prostitution ring in Kendall, involving the cops.
Mimey Beach Cops, Mimey Cops, and God only knows how many other cops.
It would seem to me that this is a pretty big story.
Am I right?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Pretty major story.
Not only a prostitution ring, but with minors for Christ's sake.
Oh, God.
Putting an ad in new times, saying very busty, youngest girls, barely legal.
And it turns out to find out they're not even close to being legal, or barely.
They're like, barely illegal.
And Harold evidently doesn't figure this is a big story.
I scoured my paper this morning.
Couldn't find nothing about it.
All the TV news stations are all over like Sticcon.
Now, you know what?
So we'll get into that, because you do understand that with many of the brokers.
Not all of them.
There's a couple of good cops.
One or two.
One.
But when you got that gun in the badge on there, the philosophy is don't do as we do, do as we say.
Or else.
So next time you see a cop driving recklessly, you know, going like about 90 miles an hour, 110 miles an hour,
waving in and out of traffic, that would is lights on chasing anybody.
But just trying to make the guy dim first donuts at the quarter convenience store or whatever it is.
Next time you see that, don't get pissed off about it.
Just remember that when you wear the badge in the gun and the uniform,
it's don't do as I do, do as I say.
Slow down you ass.
Hold on, I'm going to write you a ticket and out of my way.
And this business with the cops and hookers.
I mean, this is something brand new.
Yeah.
I mean, I can remember first, the first day I came here, Marches 76.
And it was that big thing with the same old, tired stuff on this game Boulevard,
with the decoy cops and the hookers and this.
And then come to find out the cops were like, you know, making sure that the hookers completed the job.
Yeah, that's right.
Squared, squirt.
Yeah, completed the job.
And then say, oh, by the way, you're under arrest, sweetheart.
Crack me a blow job, too, by the way.
In fact, I think that's how they would decide how long a sentence they got by the equality of their head.
But anyway, be that as it may.
Don't forget if the fist thinks it the head.
And the same newspaper, by the way, that evidently is oblivious,
the things that have big news stories that we're going to get some competitions,
supposedly, on a station that nobody can pick up and put it on the front page.
The same newspaper for the eight millionth time.
Oh, my God.
Are you people old and ponderous or what?
Jesus Christ.
Another editorial today in the Harold N. Casino Leases.
What a surprise.
Because we know that Governor Jeb, whose wife would never try to smuggle anything without paying her fair share,
Governor Jeb and Bobby Butterworth, goody-touche whose Bobby.
They're doing their best.
They are working overtime.
To make sure that we don't renew the leases on these cruise ships.
That's right, mate.
We don't want them at the Florida ports because there's gambling going on on there.
It's evil. It's bad.
When is it going to stop?
That's what it says at the end of this editorial.
When is it going to stop?
And this is the same newspaper, by the way.
And I remember this very vividly, just three or four weeks ago,
reading that they had a whole section about Vegas and Atlantic City and Baloxie
and how people are flocking to these places.
And all the revenue that's coming in and what a great time everybody's having.
And here are the phone numbers and all the tour numbers and the 800 numbers, etc. and so on.
Like these were the greatest places on the face of the earth.
But if it happens in full, see gambling is evil.
And not all gambling.
Because then to go on again with their tortured logic here.
It says the Casino's lobbyists argue that the gambling aboard these ships isn't much different from that of state-sanctioned facilities,
such as racetracks and high life front-ons.
Yet that's not quite true.
Pyrametial racetracks are heavily regulated and heavily taxed. These ships are not.
And by the way, these ships are not.
This is the same newspaper that fought tooth and nail with Mickey Erison on his side
to make sure we got the American Airlines are ready to build their downtown
and help to get him a new slip-built there at the port of Miami.
And once Mickey Erison's business, it's cruise ships with gambling.
But when it was in their interest, then it was a good thing.
Let's get that arena built and let's get downtown renovated
and make the value of one-herald plaza like a hell of a lot more than it is now
because it's been a slum there for 25 years.
So anything that's in the Harold's interest, it's good.
If everybody else wants it, it's bad.
So Mickey Erison's a great guy if he can do something for the Harold
and make their property more valuable.
But if he's got cruise ships going out there, then he's a bad guy.
Even though they fought tooth and nail to pull him over on the public, along with Mayor Penis,
who's now trying to pull him over on the public with that penny sales tax,
with an election on a Thursday in the middle of the summer on July 29,
when 90% of the people with a brand are going to be out of town.
Does anybody care about these things?
Oh, no.
So we'll get back to the Harold and Attura.
This is the 400th by the way in a 50,000-part series on why casino gambling is evil.
Just remember that all your kids out there that are out of school
don't ever go anywhere near a casino because you'll go straight to hell.
Satan is in there wagging his pitchfork in his tail.
And if you go anywhere near that casino, you're going to burn at the very least in purgatory for about 400 years
and then drop right down the elevator shaft to hell.
You're going to get the old shaft.
That's what Isaac Hasez says.
And he'd be working to God damn Harold.
When does it stop? When does it stop?
It says at the end of the... This is pathetic.
And then Carl Hieson has got this whole thing about the penny sales tax and about the Metro rail.
And my gosh, were we insane the Metro rail which he says by the way, where's that one line?
One of America's most infamous mass transit figures.
And who wasn't it that helped to put the Metro rail over on the public?
The Miami Hill!
Carl and Richard Friedman every name in the book and I see her 20 years later.
He's still the only one coming back fighting off his crazy penny sales tax.
Nice going dick.
Bad hair. Bad job on a national anthem.
At least he's there fighting the good fights.
We got one guy.
One guy that speaks English in Dave County and all the rest of us bailed out thank God.
What?
Topless.
And the Harold boy, they sure are done there part.
And they continue doing there part day after day.
Ten past 10 at 5.50 WQM or you're selling your home looking to buy one.
Maybe you're moving out of day. Good move by the way.
Ah, shit up. Before I beat the crap out of you.
Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem.
I would like to announce the development of a new software system which will be year 2000 compliant.
This program is known as millennia year application software system or my ass.
Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass to everyone.
We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass.
All right.
We have not addressed networking aspects yet so currently only one person at a time can use my ass.
This restriction will be removed after my ass expands.
Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in my ass before.
I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively painless and she was actually looking forward to doing it again.
And was even ready to kiss my ass.
As you begin using the program feel free to put anything you want in my ass.
As my ass grows larger we envision a time when it will be commonplace for a supervisor to hand work to an employee and say,
here, stick this in my ass.
It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond.
Here it is.
I just pulled it out of my ass.
That's 16 at 560 WQ.
It's kind of interesting that Joe Costello is out again today.
Maybe Joe's under the weather.
Sickest man I've ever seen in my life for somebody that young.
Although I think he's probably paying me back for training with the track last night.
Because he came in yesterday and said, I'm thinking about taking a friend of mine up to Pompedo Park tonight and I decided, well, if he's going, I'm not.
You believe that Joe?
Uh-huh. Not true.
Now, actually, my little dog had to stay at the vet again overnight.
I want to leave my big dog sitting there like looking around like, where is he?
Having too much of a good time?
And the reason my little dog had to stay at the vet for a second night and maybe is coming home today and is sicker in a dog is because I have a killer mom.
I don't want to start sounding like George too much.
Rippin' my mom a big fat ass.
But you know something I might anyway today.
Because yesterday at lunch at mommy's I finally wiedled out of her killer, Millie.
That she was feeding the dogs.
Well, just a few soda crackers and of course she's admitting to a few soda crackers.
God only knows what other swill, what other people food, what other crap she's been pushing in their puts.
Wow, they look so sad.
Yeah, right.
See, this is a woman.
Seriously, I've been two generous with her over the years.
This is a woman.
She puts on a good act.
You know, pretends that she's naive, like Edith Bunker, you know.
That she doesn't understand what she's doing.
There's a method to her madness killing everybody with kindness.
People, dogs, her neighbor there with a mandal bread.
The day a couple of years ago she gave me all of that mandal bread that picked a share of the IOD.
Knowing full well that I would eat most of all of it in the car, which I did.
Yesterday we got to Ed lunchtime, which is always a 14 course lunch for whatever bizarre reason.
And for the second week in a row she's got shrimp, little shrimp with cocktail sauce.
And I noticed last week the cocktail sauce seemed awfully sweet.
And when I went home my blood sugar was soaring.
So I said to her yesterday, before we started eating this, let me ask you, what's in this cocktail sauce?
So as she goes in a refrigerator, brings me out a container of some crap she put in it.
And the second ingredient on there is high fructose corn syrup.
Sugar, pure sugar, high fructose corn syrup.
So I read it to her, said, I can't eat.
Oh, I like sugar.
Is her response.
I like sugar is what she says, what she responds to her diabetic son.
And as far as her neighbor upstairs with a mandal bread, well he's got a wife, let her read it.
The whole world is wrong, Millie is right.
The rest of us are all on a step, this woman is right.
Killing my dogs with kindness.
Only a few soda crackers, and by the way, anybody ever feeds soda crackers to a dog?
No, no.
Anybody with a brain, don't like you bigger than their thumbnail?
No.
No.
So maybe that's why my little dog was, uh, blood all over the place and the puking and all that kind of other stuff.
And why I had to spend all of this money having them at the vet for at least two days, and got all knows how many more?
Nice going, ma.
You know, I'm going to cut it, the market on those condos in Hollywood is zooming up there.
I think I could make a real big buck on that one, that is, well, you know, that is me.
I don't want to get nervous, you understand?
Now that I'm her landlord, you try to do nice things, you buy your mother a car for cash, no car payments, you buy her condos, so if you don't have to worry about being put out on a street by her sister or if anything happens.
Rent free, try to be nice, send a nice check over there every month to make sure that she's got enough money to buy the ingredients to make the mandal bread, and the soda crackers.
And yet you still can't resist killing everybody with food.
I guess it's a Jewish thing, you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Killing everybody with food.
Whether they wanted or not.
By the way, speaking of whether they wanted or not, let's take our usual pull-up.
We do very quickly here, little screenless on the Marlon game today.
We got the Marlon pregame coming up at 105, the Marlon's Intermets at 135.
Let's find out if we have any people who are going to be listening to that Marlon game this afternoon.
Here on 560 WDQM. Come on, let's hear it.
Get the audience involved very briefly, because once I get started with this other stuff, and we got a short show.
560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line.
Any interest whatsoever that Marlon game is said, well, we'll find out.
I'll get them WQAM.
WQAM.
How come these aren't on the air, by the way?
Don't tell me we're having a phone problem.
WQAM?
Oh no.
Why is my life flashing before my eyes?
Why do I have this sick feeling in the pit of my stomach?
That because Joe Costello decided to stay home again today.
That we're having all sorts of technical problems and not going to get the phone on the air.
Why do I have that sick, disgusting feeling inside my perfect today?
WQAM?
What the hell are the Marlins?
Okay, now there we go.
WQAM?
Hello.
Yes, sir?
Yeah, my name's Bikoniel.
Speaking.
Oh, Neil.
Yes.
I will not listen to the Marlon games, I will not watch the Marlon games.
Yes.
They suck.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, there's a gentleman who just appointed something out that I think most of us may have missed.
That is the Marlon suck.
Oh!
You know what I'm thinking about that guy that called yesterday that, and it sounded so contrived to me.
He was at a luncheon and some of the executives from all four of the sports franchises were there.
And my name came up in a conversation.
And what are we going to do about Neil and his kilowatts?
You know, I got news for him.
I'm not the one that's killing you.
You're shooting yourselves in a goddamn feed.
Put a crappy product on there.
Nobody gives a crap.
Nobody has the least bit of interest.
And it's my fault.
You know, the dog done it.
W-Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah, just calling in.
Yes, sir.
About the Morales.
Yes, you're going to be listening?
Yes.
You're the one?
The one.
You will be listening to the Marlon game.
I certainly will be.
Are you interested in Alex Fernandez?
Well, yes, I'm a picture, I guess.
Yeah.
Okay, thank you.
We finally found one.
See if he could only call the morning show this morning.
Wow!
He wasted more time talking about the Marlon and that big fat cow Alex Fernandez.
Who's all bent out of shape, by the way, that
they're more Yankee fans at the game when he puts when the Yankees were playing out weekend.
Then Marlon fans, all bent out of shape.
It makes him feel so bad.
And probably he frustrates and he goes out and eats more and more.
That's what B-Fo said.
You can really frustrate it.
I know that, grow, you know.
Like after leaving moms yesterday and finding out how she's killing all of us
and poisoning the dogs and the family.
I ran out there and got some bent injuries.
I was so aggravated.
It's pretty good by the way.
Here's the Key West.
Tell him.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
I'm calling about your poll.
Yes, sir.
The Marlon's will.
Okay.
Here's a mobile and four-letter.
Hello.
No.
We did find one guy who said that he was going to be listening and he does like Alex Fernandez.
He's a chubby chaser, what he said.
W-Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah, want to speak to Neil?
Speaking.
There must be the people from the hero that hang up.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Listen, I just want to make a comment.
I used to listen to the first team all the time and enjoy them even though you might think
I'm crazy for saying that.
Yeah.
But I just got so sick of the commercials and I know that this guy's making big bucks.
The company because if not, they wouldn't be doing it.
So I understand that.
But speaking from a fan point of view, got so sick and tired of listening to them for two minutes and listening to
16-minute commercial and got so bored.
So now I just listened to you and whatever you've got to speak about them.
I get in for them and whatever the hell is going on.
But a little bit more.
Yeah.
Yeah, a little bit more getting a fight.
And I heard you saying that he got to spend it and from what I gathered, he got to spend it because he was complaining to the management about so many commercials.
Yeah.
Because he was being right, no, not because he was complaining because he was chewing an ass out of the program director and FU and F this and you can't do that to the boss.
So he got suspended for two days.
Right, but that means that the ranchers out of town and the straw boss decided he would flex his muscles.
Right, but is the reason why he was complaining because of the so many commercials?
If you don't understand the program director doesn't have anything to do with how many commercials the program director doesn't make the format.
He doesn't run the radio station.
The sales department runs this radio station.
So why is that even at the wrong guy, yes sir?
So I'm going to be honest because I don't understand how they have so many and you don't.
Because it's in my contract because we won't allow them to do it because they've got a better contract than they did.
All right, Neil, thanks.
And have a great day.
Yeah, the day they start running nine minute breaks initial with that they can put Christina back on here in midday.
But that's neither here nor there.
You know what I'm saying?
Is it here or there?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I don't want to rehash that whole thing with Joe in the format again, but I will say this those sports updates I mentioned yesterday.
And our program director does have the power.
See if they would take him out in the hallway and beat the crap out of him about that about those awful repetitions sports updates.
I'd say, oh, yeah.
Now you're talking.
Now you're beating the crap out of the right guy because that's his department.
He's the one responsible for that grotesque format.
It's un-listenable.
It's un-listenable, okay?
I'll say it again two days ago, I'm driving home listening to the Humper and that, you know, he comes on and does his piece and the rambles on with his monologue.
And then we go into the first commercial break it about a quarter after and then 22 after we come back.
And we go into a sports stuff.
They would be over to you.
And that's crap.
And it goes on and on and on and on.
And here's the sports for the format.
All right, Phil, Phil, Phil, thank you.
That doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.
But you know something, someday maybe.
Someday maybe again before they stick my ass in the ground.
Well, I guess it won't happen because I'm sticking out here for three years or less.
I was hoping maybe someday I'd work for somebody who can actually turn on their radio and listen to something and decide if it sounded good.
If it decided the format sounded right, decided if some voices belong down here, things like that.
Decided if the commercials, you know, when I for I don't want to rehash from 18 months ago, but I'm sure if you've been listening a long time.
Remember when I first came to this radio station, we go into a commercial break in here.
And we were running spots that were unintelligible.
We had cart machines that were like older than Thomas Edison.
And the sponsors were paying from this crap, you know.
And it took me 18 months to realize I don't give a sh** anymore.
Yeah, they didn't care.
What the hell, what are they screaming about that? What are they complaining about? It's not their department anyway.
We don't care if the sponsors are announcing the kids on here. We just want their money.
That's all. We got to pay Wayne. We got to pay John Henry.
And you people think I'm making this stuff up. That's exactly what this place is all about.
It's a tribute to Greg Reed's ego because he wants to be Mr. Sports.
He wants to smooth with all these jockstrap orders. That's his whole thing in life, you know.
And when you marry into a family, it's got a lot of money. You can afford the luxury of doing crap like that.
You know, be a big shot. I could be a big shot too with somebody else's money. No problem at all.
Condo, please.
Pent and see, and all this started, we just asked it here.
And we're going to be listening to Marlon. The simple question like that.
And they hate the Marlon so much that I'm already whipped up into a frenzy. You know what I'm talking about?
Real Rogers.
You've heard of Barbie and Kid.
Now, from you dropped a bomb on me, product, comes the Larry Flint doll.
Huts Larry's special spot and Larry Flint talk.
Yes, the kids will love the all new Larry Flint doll. Complete with its very own penthouse suite.
And he kept parking space fast. Larry Flint computer accessories.
So you can dig up all the dirt on your friends and neighbors whether it's true or not.
It's not the prettiest doll you'll ever own. It's the Larry Flint doll that actually talks.
Wheelchair and spot magazine sold separately.
Exactly. 1032 at 560 WQIN.
Oh, and I also should mention, I don't want to rip my mother too much, but I do want to tell you this.
Okay? Just so this is out in public on a year, just in case I ever come home from vacation one day and find that both of my dogs are missing because they've been mercilessly put to sleep prematurely.
Because the little dog is at the vet. Thanks to their overfeeding them and feeding them all this other crap and he gained a pound and a half over the weekend.
When you only wait 10 pounds and you gain a pound and a half, that's a very substantial amount, especially in two days.
It was only 600 soda crackers. So anyway, she says to me, this has been an ever-loving, molded.
She says, when you know if something happens to one of the dogs, I'd have the other one put the sleep right away.
She can't wait. She cannot wait. The Dr. Mengele of the animal world.
Millica, working. Can't wait to have them put to sleep.
Oh, I put my dog to sleep. Did she ever really have a dog? No.
But she we rights history again.
Anyway, getting back to this, you know, this is the worst editorial in the history of the Miami Herald. I'm going to tell you why. I'll get to it.
I mean, a thing on the gambling. They've been screaming it forever and they always will because they're editorial board, they're psychotic. They're out of their minds.
After it goes on about the perimutual weight ring being heavily regulated and heavily taxed and they're casinos or not, it says,
moreover, the casinos pace of wins and losses. Mostly losses because in the long run the house always wins is potentially much faster than in perimutuals.
By the way, you know, anybody that makes a living at the back, huh? I think I know one guy that wins pretty good at the track other than that they all lie a lot.
But anyway, it says that's because his impatient gamblers repeatedly demonstrate roulette tables and slot machines don't require that annoying weight for the horses to run.
Results, someone can lose thousands in minutes of feed by no means impossible at a racetrack, but generally less common there.
Are you following this? This is like, isn't this great that you got mommy and daddy right there just in case you're like a stepchild, in case you're an orphan.
You got mommy and daddy right there at the herald holding you by the hand. Even if you're 70 years old, they want to hold you by the hand and make sure that nobody has you lose too much money all at once.
State government may not be able to rip floor to these parasitic enterprises. Parasitic enterprises underlined by me.
But it ought to be able to deny them least state land just as it's brought that renewing. Now here we go. This is the worst thing in the history of the mommy herald.
Even worse than putting that thing out of front page yesterday. This is the worst.
Just as it brought that renewing the dock lease of Palm Beach's snooty sailfish club a few years ago until the club showed that it no longer excluded Jews and other minorities from joining.
How do you like that coming from the herald that was notorious all over the world for the John S. Night Senior and who got away knows how the members of the family that runs this newspaper being members of an exclusive club on the beach years ago.
Anybody remember that? That excluded Jews and blacks and other minorities. Remember this one? Yeah. The herald.
Talk about the potcong the kettle purple. Jesus Christ.
In evicting the ships the state would be carrying out the mandate of Florida voters three times they voted overwhelming against the law and casinos yet every time they turn around they see casinos making further in roads.
When does it stop once the herald and no the same newspaper that put those big articles in there a few weeks ago about how great it is in Vegas and here's the toll free numbers to make your reservations and how great it is in the luxury and they're raking in the dough and everybody's having a great time.
It's wonderful as long as it someplace else you follow that.
You people at the herald so help me you know it's just unbelievable. Do they have any credibility at all? No. Was that New York or our magazine article right on target?
It's just a bunch of pandering fools and everybody is laughing at them. Everybody laughs at them because they really believe that they're fooling somebody.
And here Carl Hyerson the highly touted Carl Hyerson for what reason I really don't know other than the likes alligators and other wildlife.
Manatees. Gravy trained to know where by the year 2000 people will be saying by gosh how did we live without it that was Metro Commissioner Beth Phillips back in 1985 speaking in defensive Metro rail it is now nearly 2000 people are saying by gosh were we insane.
Metro rail rail was and remains one of America's most infamous mass transit failures now in a hastily scheduled late July election Miami-Dade voters will be asked again to invest prodigiously in the trained to know where and he goes on about this scam with Mayor penis and what they try to pull out.
And then we'll go over on the public which he's right about that but again conveniently leaves out the fact that it was the Miami-Herald that discredited Richard Freeman and then they stop people stop transit over people organization who are trying to stop that billion dollar boom doggo they did everything in their power to make them look bad and to support the Metro rail.
And now they got the Hutzbuck and to slap the public in the face here and say oh gee this is one of the biggest failures in America and you few people put it over the top.
And another suspicious fixed election down here in Dade County when the last results from homestead came in there in a wee hours in the morning and turned around like well look like a defeat in the way a victory.
And another one of those elections where when you were against the Vietavo yes and if you were in favor of your head of vote no confused the public fixed the ballots like they did in the Miami-Maria's election have all the dead people voting a few times and you can put anything over in this town because except for 25 old Julios nobody votes here anyway.
Unbelievable talk about I mean this is all I can say about the editorial board and Carl Hyerson.
And I'm sorry that you have a lot of kids. Jesus Christ talking about the people snooty people with the exclusive clubs the snooty self is probably on beach.
On newspaper whose founding fathers were notorious for the anti-Semitism and belonging to exclusive clubs the Alvarano Beach.
Jesus. Okay Christ see they figured that everybody just came got off their banana boat yesterday nobody remembers these things.
But anyway does anybody care no but at least I got it off my chest anyway does anybody care about the fact that there are cops hoeing out 16 year old girls in Kendall no no that the patrol cars and we heard the reports on the TV news from the neighbors saying oh yeah there were cop cars coming and going all times the day I'm on mark cars.
I'll kind of got only those all the cops they're having a good time there how do you like that if your law enforcement people are going to do a good job they got to be in a good mood they got to have some R&R you know what I'm saying.
Even if it is with 16 year old girl would look very large breast by the way. Thank God for that.
If we heard that our police were down there banging some ugly chicks with small raising breasts then we wouldn't feel so good about it.
But when you know that your law enforcement guys are down there banging some real hot young chick even though she's only 16 you say I'm not proud of the men in blue you don't talk about that's what I'm talking about don't do as we do do as we say.
Don't be screwed around with minors don't be driving too fast don't be a J walkin don't be doing any other goddamn thing and certainly don't be doing no drugs that's right.
And don't be selling drugs because what are ones are going to take care of that once we confiscate all the stuff that we intercept here that seems to keep disappearing by the way in day county especially a Miami all the time all the drug contraband keeps disappearing I can't imagine where the hell it goes.
Well of course we got our own pipeline here in this building thank God for that that's why we're that's why I see in our wisdom when they built this doing just south of the Broward line we're still in day county here saying because we wanted to have a real close pipeline of a good stuff.
You don't talk about. Too much.
Too much. Brian North.
Oh.
Hello, soccer.
My name is Columbo I got off the plane after shopping in front to get your money away.
I bought the dinosaur the principal and you know and doing it that's a duty actually.
I tried very hard to spot all of them and they would just let me buy.
But I did not get a problem.
So I said that's why.
Yeah, some just don't be the only one to live up my life with that your paper.
After all my husband brother will soon be your decay.
I might go as a leader I buy anything I need and just one thing more.
I would be just risked to have it in the news when I get out from the school.
145 at 560 WQM prostitution ring investigation broadens if you part in the expression.
The investigation into a prostitution ring of underage girls run by a Miami Beach police officer
expanded on Wednesday into the Miami police department.
It's spreading I mean spreading like crazy and I've only so were those girls.
One day after Greg priest what an appropriate name that is you know huh isn't that great.
People fact in the church we finally found a straight priest.
At least that's his name anyway.
One day after Greg priest and his girlfriend surrendered on charges of pimping and racketeering.
A Miami uniformed officer was relieved of duty and connections with the brothels in two candle homes
said Lieutenant John Campbell head of the Miami police homicide department.
Raffles in two candle homes with underage chicks.
How do you like that?
Oh speaking of what's your name.
Miami police internal affairs denied that an officer was taken off his beat.
That might be because no rest warrants were filed Campbell said the name of the suspended officer was not released
but he is not a member of the homicide department of the special investigation section.
Police were tipped off into the sex per cash operation by an advertisement in the weekly new times
that read very bust the youngest girls barely legal.
Oh!
And undercover officer responded to the end and went to one of the candle brothels.
Police said a 16 year old girl working for priest and his girlfriend Diane Ellis Morado told the officer she would have any kind of sex he wanted for 190 bucks.
Longing 50 dollars.
190 you'll do.
The girl was arrested on May 28th.
She and other witnesses led police to priest 31 and Morado 29.
Priest resigned on Sunday and he and his girlfriend surrendered on Tuesday.
Priest had been in the Miami Beach office for eight months before that he worked for the high alia in Opalaca police.
Juan del Castillo spoke for the Miami Police Department.
The lead investigative agency declined to comment on the Miami officer being relieved of duty.
Neighbors near the two candle brothels in Morado's high alia townhouse said police cruisers from different departments were frequently in the parking lot.
Are you following that?
They must have just been checking up to make sure who's being naughty and nice.
Maybe they were running the mop division.
Just in there to mop up.
The Miami Day detective is working the case probably heard the same things that Al Boza, Miami Beach police spokesman.
Nice job on a Kunaid and think by the way Al.
Not.
Boza said Miami Beach police chief Richard Verredo had issued a zero tolerance edict.
That's with the team edict.
For any additional officer linked to the sex ring, Miami Beach police are continuing their internal investigation.
While Miami Day police continue their criminal investigation.
Boza declined to comment on whether additional Miami Beach officers were involved but a source at the Miami Beach Police Department who spoke on condition of anonymity said the inquiry was picking up speed.
They're looking for everything you said.
They apparently saw a lot of patrol cars there.
Ow!
Yeah.
Lots and lots of pork there so to speak.
Yeah.
They were feeling porky and kindle and wherever else.
How do you like that?
So whether it's drugs, whether it's prostitution, whether it's gambling, whether it's speeding, whether it's reckless driving, you name it.
Don't do as we do, do as we say.
Just gotta love it.
Here's Jarell.
Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Good morning.
What did you read that article?
What paper did you read that article from?
Which article is that?
The one that you just read.
It's on Sentinel.
You were talking about that.
The Harold didn't show the story on the...
Not in a proud edition, not today.
They had one the other day but not today.
Yeah, I was going to tell you that.
It's in Tuesday's edition of Date County, the front section too.
Okay, also about the Marlins.
Yeah, but how come there's no follow-up?
I mean this thing is now...
Huh?
I mean I realized they got to have a lot of space out of front page for stories about phantom radio stations on frequencies that nobody can pick up.
I realized that's very important news but it seems to me that when we have cops who are not only running prostitution rings but with minors,
it would seem to me that most people in town would be like a guest.
Right. Well, yeah, there isn't any follow-up.
There's just that story on the Tuesday edition.
Yeah.
Another thing, well, to speaking about the radio, I actually have a mini-disc radio in the car and it goes up to 1710.
Wow.
And I do get 1710.
And I tried last night 1700 and it tells clear as about it, my friend.
Right.
But I won't listen to that anyways.
No, neither will anybody else.
Right.
About the Marlins?
No way.
If I can't stand watching it on the radio.
Well, another thing.
Did you finally, I know about this before.
Did you finally see the Shawshank redone?
No.
But it's something I look forward to see if I say I saw it then, you know, it's the end of it.
Right.
Okay, I have a great day.
All right, thanks.
I haven't seen the, what's that other one that Book of Blind?
The thing they had to write up about it today, the HBO thing.
The Mafia thing.
What the hell is the name?
Whatever it's called.
I haven't seen that yet.
56670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And nobody cares about these things.
And that's why it just continues.
This is, this place, it's like your feet are moving.
It's like, you know, running in step.
But you're not going anywhere.
Your feet are moving, but you're not making any progress.
You're not going forward.
You're not going backward.
You're just stuck in time.
That's South Florida.
And we can thank the people of the hero by the way to a large extent for that.
Plus the indifference of the masses out there also.
And I will confess that most of us, we did the easy thing.
I mean, what the hell are you going to, how do you get a fight city hall when you're outnumbered?
So we just ran.
We turned tail, we ran the broward and palm beach.
And any place else we could get to.
And you know what I say to that?
Good move.
Excellent move.
56670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
And you know, there's one thing the inti-gambling people want to admit.
There's gambling continos on every street in the state.
They call stockbrook which houses.
Right.
Okay, thank you.
And of course, thank God you can't lose thousands of dollars there.
At one time.
See, the hero does not only want to give you whatever news they decide is the news,
but they're also going to tell you how to spend your money, how to make your money,
how to lose your money, where to lose your money, how fast you can lose your money.
I don't think anybody with a brain is interested in looking in the goddamn newspaper
to decide what they want to do with their money.
But these are the great moralists for our community.
They're going to tell us, so what's evil?
I mean, this one line.
It's so great.
These parasitic enterprises, the same parasitic enterprises,
that they had these great glowing artisans about in their newspaper.
I mean, I realize they always say, well, you know, we separate our news pages from our editorial pages,
but if they feel that strongly about it, how could they have allowed that whole special section to be in there,
which included, by the way, a lot of advertising that they made money from?
Advertising from parasitic enterprises, just like all those escort services they have advertised on the sports pages,
all those massage parlors and glorified horror houses.
Don't do as we do, do as we say.
That's the American effing way, baby, whether it's the cops, whether it's these goody tussues
on to get a tour of boards of the newspapers, who are the politicians, whoever it is.
We just went through a year and a half of that with a moniker gate, with a blowjob, just the same old, tired crap.
Because when you find something that can really look you in the eye and be even a little bit honest
and admit that they're like, even Jimmy Carter, that little podwacker, had lusted his heart,
even at least he had the balls to say that, a little deep southern Yahoo like him.
But everybody else they have to put on his pretense of being so much better and so much holier,
just like the bushes, by the way, speaking of what's your name?
Columbus.
You know, maybe she's like, I never heard that name before.
Do you ever heard that name?
No.
Maybe that's like a female Columbus.
Maybe that's what her problem is, maybe she's only got one eye.
She couldn't see a musical cockeye, maybe that's why she couldn't see all that stuff in her bags.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Only when I watch the brake play and I could eat Millie's mom will say, I'll leave her alone.
She's a good kid.
No, she's not a good boy.
She's not a good boy.
Everything you and everybody in that building, Ira.
Stop the below, dear.
Yeah, okay. Go eat some below, and you okay?
That's her next door neighbor putting in a telling to my defenseless mother.
Because he's sucking around for more free mandal bread.
You know, Ira, I guess when he gets to be 110, it doesn't make any difference how much crap you're reading, okay?
But in the meantime, the fact that she's poisoning diabetics, poisoning my dogs, killing everybody with kindness, poisoning me with hidden sugar in a goddamn cocktail sauce.
Everybody, look, I like sugar.
Well, good. They need all the sugar. Pick up a goddamn container of domino sugar and stick a straw on it, Millie, okay?
Killing my dogs.
Killing everybody with kindness.
Oh, I'd have those dogs put away and I...
A couple at her home a lot.
How do you like that?
I raised those dogs since they were eight years old. They're eight weeks old. They're ten and a half years old.
Ten and a half years, I've raised those two dogs.
And she's telling me I'd have them to put this away.
How about if we have her put this away?
Ah, yeah! There you go.
I got news for her.
My dogs don't need to condo to live, and I'll say that right now.
Five, six, seven. Don't need a car to drive.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Cut the crap, IRL, okay? All you're doing is sucking around for more free Mondel bread.
Here's Pompano. Hello?
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Fantastic. I mean, you talk about so many great things this morning. I kind of hesitate to say it.
It's hard to think about where to start, yeah.
Okay.
I've been listening to you for a couple of weeks now.
I'll talk about Ruth Chris and how great it is.
Yeah.
Okay, and I love good steak.
Yes.
But in listening to you, it sounded too good to be true.
I used to go there years ago.
What do you mean too good to be true to you?
I just wanted to send it.
Not as good as you made it out to me, okay?
But I went the night before last.
Yes.
And I got to tell you I had a very disappointing experience.
Really?
Totally.
Where was good, which one was this?
No, the one in Fort Mordon.
You had a bad experience?
Bad.
Yeah.
I'll tell you what happened if you want to hear.
I'll listen.
Okay.
Start out in the bar.
I started out having a drink before dinner.
I said, well, I tend to make a lousy salad.
I had to tell it how to make it all over again.
This is in a really good place.
The bartender should know what the hell they're doing.
So then I order.
I sit down.
I order stress.
I order mushrooms.
And the order lying is potatoes.
The waiter comes over and asks me if I wanted me wine.
Well, yeah, well, try this.
This is really great.
So I tried it.
It was lousy.
Yeah.
So I sent it back.
It's like, got something else.
Then this steak arrived.
Then I started eating it.
And it was mediocre.
Now you're talking about Smith and Wollensky.
Carol, the worst.
Okay, this was the worst steak I've ever eaten.
Not possible.
Well, I'm telling you.
It was dry.
I didn't like you.
I mean, it could not be that bad.
Anyway, it was personal, you know.
I mean, it wasn't business.
Any restaurant can be off any night.
I know that.
Anyway, I got halfway through it and I just couldn't eat it.
The potatoes were cold.
Yeah.
So I called for the manager.
Yeah.
She came all the way.
I'm sure hope you didn't mention my name, by the way.
I did.
Oh, jeez.
Oh, God.
I did.
I said, listen, I'm here.
I'm brave about this place.
Yeah.
And she said, what's the matter?
So I told her about this thing.
She said, oh, my God, that's terrible.
I said, yeah, I'm here.
You said you ate half of it, though.
I ate half of it, right?
Well, how can you eat half of it?
If it was the worst piece of meat you ever had in your life.
Well, I had a few drinks and I was hungry.
I had an eating all day.
Right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
The bottom's up, Pat.
Okay.
What did I tell you about walking death?
Have I always told you for 23 years?
The walking dead.
They should have just had a sign on the door that would have kept him out.
We don't serve dead people.
Okay.
That would have solved the problem.
So what do you do in here?
I am a food-catering day.
I'll give you the show day here at Disney World.
When the screening days meet the rest of the girls in the closet no more.
That's what day day is for.
It's a day after all.
All right.
It's a day of fun when we wear red shirts.
And when we all come, you can hear the squirts.
We can tickle and tease with our manicured dokeys.
It's a day after all.
Squirt squirt.
We hold the whole thing hands in it and share it and watch the lies.
The manally marching and living tourist street with a kiss on the cheek.
It's a day after all.
We can wear tight shorts, paint a gold one, make.
And wear mascara like billies, days.
We can mince away as we print.
Since I shake, it's a day day after all.
And GM will have a liberty ball hosted by a ripped-tailor and root ball.
They're really merma-nappy rocks.
My two mentioned people at cost, it's a day after all.
It's a day day after all.
It's a day day after all.
It's a day after all.
It's a day day after all.
I don't know why it's 5.50 WDQ.
I'm Joe Castello showed up today.
Sure.
Let's hear it.
Thank you.
Well, we were just a little concerned that maybe he might be sick again, you know, for the 85th time this month.
And it's only the 24th.
Still got a week to go.
So all of these things, you know, this guy prefaces his call here a minute ago.
But I talked about so many interesting things today.
But what does he pick out to talk about a crappy experience of Ruth's Chris?
Do I care that he had a craft back?
You know something?
I'm glad he had a crappy experience.
I hope they gave him mouse meat is what I hope.
Because after you have the first 20 or 30 years of...
You see, the drinks were crappy but he had like about a dozen of those.
The steak was crappy, he ate half of that.
This is the same kind of guy that goes into any restaurant.
He eats 90% of the meal and then like, oh, I'm sending this back.
I don't want to pay for it.
It was no good.
Now, like today, we got those crappy steaks from Smith and Wellenski in here.
Did I eat half of it?
No.
Did I eat a fourth of it?
No.
Did I eat an eighth of it?
No.
Sixteen to it?
No.
I had like one or two bites and I went the...
Like that.
But this guy has to make a big scene.
You know something I really couldn't care about one or the other.
Because after the indifferent treatment that I got from them in the last day.
And speaking of indifferent treatment, by the way, John Penis,
I'm going to tell you right now.
I want to go on record to say we got one sales guy
that comes close to getting the job done and really taking care of business and that's Brian.
You know what I'm talking about, Paul Brian?
And our Brian's a good guy, okay?
He services the accounts, changes the copy, no nonsense, no bull crap.
John Penis, you know, this guy is getting into the same routine as some of the other people.
I want to mention Todd Dreck.
Comes to me two days ago with a song and a dance about these people that do blood testing for allergies.
You know, this is very big now.
It's not fit in Hollywood.
He gives me a book and a brochure and all this propaganda.
Oh, would you be willing to do it?
No problem.
Okay, they'll be here tomorrow, meaning yesterday.
Did they show up yesterday?
No.
See you around yesterday?
No.
Did they come in today to say, oh, by the way, they're coming today or anything about it?
No.
And he followed up?
No.
Any new copy from this guy?
No, that's five years for any account?
No.
So John Penis, he must be hanging around with Todd Dreck too much.
And from what I hear, they went scuba diving.
They went like deep sea diving together a couple of weeks ago.
Not in the Bahamas, like downstairs on the second floor, I think is where they were doing.
Yeah.
Looking for plans.
Boy, you people around here think you're kidding somebody?
And Greg Reed is worried about Barry Jackass and the hero.
You got your priorities all screwed up in his place.
But like I said, don't forget, I don't care.
I'm not getting excited about it.
I just mentioned these things in passing.
Like Lee J. Cobb said in the excesses, I just mentioned it in passing.
Answer the question, Father Paranoia.
Boy, was he great?
Was he great or what?
I don't know.
Lee J. Cobb.
Almost as good as his brother, Cornana.
Here's the Hollywood, hello.
Danielle.
Yes, sir.
The sopranos is called.
The sopranos, thank you.
I haven't watched it yet.
What a great story.
It's going to be such a long boring summer.
Look at all of you good stuff.
I've got to watch the Shawshank Redemption.
All the sopranos episode that will kill some good time.
You know, when the models running things, you never had girls under 18.
Now that all these cops and stuff are running things.
That's right.
Yeah, I was like marijuana being sold out there on the streets,
got all of those boats in it.
If they would legalize it and clean it up, then you wouldn't have any problem with it.
Same with prostitution.
Exactly.
Lee J. Cobb.
They got a bunch of young guys running the ship from the cops,
and they don't know what the hell they're doing.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Run on the ship, he said, ship with a P.
Well, I hope it's not a cruise ship, because they might have gambling on it.
I think he said ship.
56670560.
Well, you can't tell.
Okay, and what the hell difference does it make anyway?
It's just a bunch of f***ing away.
What difference does it make what he said?
Here's a mobile and popular.
Hello.
Morning, how are you?
Pretty good, sir.
Sound like the guy was just snoring for a meal.
Yeah, that's good.
The book that had the Vatican exposure about the Vatican banking and the mom.
Yeah.
What was the name of that?
In God, we trust by David Yalop.
Or in God's name.
Something like that.
David Yalop.
Y-A-L-O-P.
Thank you a lot.
I really appreciate it.
Okay, and have a great day, sir.
There you go.
There's no Vatican banking scandal.
Was there?
Yeah.
I don't get me started again about the whole thing.
I got a ten-year-great story.
I'm an Eckerds last night by in Fishwood because I was so aggravated about my, well, that's
a good excuse.
See, at least I admitted.
I admit what I'm eating this other crap.
I don't want her sneaking it into my food.
We're telling that she's doing the right thing.
And then I was acting, oh, I only gave him 4,000 crackers.
Whoever heard it giving crackers to a dog.
Soda crackers.
I think she is crackers.
So anyway, I'm an Eckerds last night, which I hate Eckerds, by the way.
But nevertheless, I get to pick it up a couple of things.
And there's a young guy in there that pick up his film.
You know what the film counter?
And he kind of like gives me a nod.
And he says, come over.
He says, yeah, he says, I really enjoy your show, even though I'm Catholic.
Young guy about 20, you know.
Give him about a 500-break-to-skill, not a bad guy in the middle of it.
Yeah, you know.
He's all right.
But a nice guy.
But he says, what?
No, don't get started with this.
Okay, there's more to life than just looking good, okay?
There's more to life.
You can't, you're born with that.
You didn't do anything to achieve that.
It's not because you're such a great guy that all of a sudden you look good.
You're happy to be, you know, you're okay, fair, you know.
But God, people that look good don't run around beating everybody over the head with it.
Okay, guys who look like ordinary like this.
Get him out of a good guy.
At least he said to me, even though I'm Catholic.
And I said, well, I wondered about stuff.
And he said to me, by that.
I'll bet you anything we got plenty of Catholics.
In fact, every Hispanic who listen to this show is a Catholic.
By birth at least anyway.
Is there any Jewish Cubans out there like maybe one or two of us in this show?
No.
No.
Protestants?
No.
You pissed a peyent?
No.
There's plenty of Catholics listening to this show.
We got Irishman here, Catholics, huh?
They're looking at...
Well, this guy talking about it, but he was a good guy and appreciate the...
Whatever you said.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60.
Even though I'm Catholic, I still get a great kick out of your show.
It's very humorous, but quick picking on us.
So let's pick on the Orthodox Jews today.
Oh!
There you go.
Crazy bastards.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was down at the commission meeting.
You know, the biggest joke of all was sitting right back up there again as an American tearheim.
Right.
Yeah, he left town after he screwed us over the first time with the Metro Rail.
He left town a few years, now he comes back and he's shilling him again.
And by the way, Maritz tearheim was one of the people that helped to kill the junior Pan American games
by insisting on that letter, promising us that there would be no Cuban athletes.
Maritz tearheim, you're a suckhole.
You were disgrace.
Well, I got up there and I said,
Maritz, you promised us that deficit on this thing will be $25 million and you screened bloody murder
when Friedman said it would be $50 to $100 million.
Right.
And it came out to be $125 million.
Right.
You promised this 900 buses we got $500 now.
Right.
You know, he's the biggest liar that we've ever heard.
That's right.
And that's why he's back here again.
We love liars.
And for every writer that writes Metro Mover downtown, we subsidize them $2,000 a year
and they want to spread this thing all over the state county.
They're nuts.
And by the way, keep in mind the reason that the arrow was in favor of it in the first place is because where does it go?
To downtown.
Right downtown if I want a hero plaza.
That's right.
And boy, the arrow really manipul-
And they're going to try to manipulate it again.
That's right.
That's unbelievable.
I'm glad you're talking about it.
Okay, and God bless Richard Friedman, evil of the bad hair piece.
You bet.
Thanks.
Ooooooh!
Okay, I hope the cops are listening by the way City of Miami, Miami-Dade, Miami Beach.
Check it out.
Okay.
She's at least 15.
Tell me that you love my eyes.
But I know that you keep on checking out my eyes.
All right.
I'll play you good, I'm very clear.
Check out my breath, they're poking my mouth up steady.
Oh!
You come onto me and let's touch things in my ears.
And some thoughts, oh, but if you wanna take me, you saw, the things of our memories
don't think you know, I'm on the way.
Hi.
You should be kidding me.
Who you could go to jail if you see me?
If I see you as a friend, I'll be.
She was 25, but she's just a thief.
Perfectly, I've been my last upgrade.
Get it, call the cops, man.
I got so perfect to see, because I have such a reason.
I'm a mocker, it's by me.
My budget thinks what am I sure?
Blackdum.
She's underage.
She'll pay.
She's just 25.
You should be scared of her.
Yeah, the number one is those tomatoes.
The size of the eyes.
What a size.
She's talking my body.
She looks 25, but she's just a thief.
Yeah, I wonder how many cops we got here in South Florida, banging 15 and 15 year old
girls down here in Kendall and wherever.
All snowly seems to be concerned about that, the least.
But yeah, and you think that instead of way back buried on page 5, B, today in the
sun, sentinel, and nowhere is there a follow-up in the hero.
You think that maybe somebody might be concerned about these things?
Maybe like, nobody cares.
Okay, that's good to know.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile line.
I don't forget we got the Marlins in the mess.
We gave him a 105 today, and we had one guy actually called, say, was going to listen to it.
There you go, that's a start.
You have to build slow.
You have to build something.
We got one guy.
He likes Alex Fernandez and his big fat ass.
He likes the Marlins.
He's going to be listening.
He's glued, who was ready.
Anybody else?
No, any takers?
No.
Here's Miami-B, Chilla.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Listen, I'm Roman Catholic.
I listen to you, show.
Oh, my God, another cat lick.
I don't have a problem with it.
The only thing I have a problem with is all the food intensive because I used to be a big fat ass.
There's no fact in the church.
When I hear all the fish food talk, you know, it makes my blood just boil because I want some, you know.
But I know better now.
Makes your blood sugar rise just here and above.
That's what happens to me.
Listen, I went to dinner last night at a place called, here comes the sun.
I'm sure you've been there.
That's a health food place.
Yeah, yeah, that's good.
Years ago, yeah.
And anyhow, so I'm sitting there with my girlfriend at dinner, you know, that's where she wants to go.
And all of a sudden, this guy in his girlfriend, and the girl's wearing like a bright blue suit, you know,
and I look up for my food, and she's got like this big clown face, you know.
So I realized, oh, this is someone from TV, like a TV news woman.
Well, I look over at who's sitting with her and guess who squatting on a map.
Rick, Rick Sanchez?
Rick Sanchez?
Yeah.
So I say, hey, remember to story about the guy and the dolphin game?
And he hits somebody and he went into coma and the whole thing and now the guy's dead.
And she's like, yeah, I'm like, that's him.
And I'm like, I'm going to go over there.
I'm going to ask him if that guy's still in coma.
And she's like, if you do, I'm not going to talk to you for two days, two days.
Yeah.
So I mean, I don't know, man, if I was a homo, I said to her, no, I get to say it, but my boyfriend will whoop.
Okay, well, he had a point though, 5, 6, 7, 8.
He said that the next sock is what he said.
He said there's sucking something specific, which we probably can't say.
I didn't know they had a player named Dick on San Antonio.
Hey, San Antonio gave the bowl and I said, this is basically what he said.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8.
And speaking of Rick Sanchez, that's a great segue into the story that was in the paper today.
And you know, Tom Jicca, you and Terry Jackson and all these other experts out there, if you would listen to me,
when I was on whammy and we were getting those Neilson ratings until many lessons made sure we didn't get them anymore, because they were too embarrassing.
And I told you about the whole thing.
You look at those Neilson's dead, those overnight's day after day, and you see this unbelievably warp representation.
There's like about half of the four, they only have 400 households in Dayton, Broward, hooked up to these Neilson meters,
and about half of them are in Hispanic, no Spigot English homes, where the Channel 23 and 51 are on all day, morning, noon and night.
What did I tell you?
You haven't got a Chinaman's chance if you don't speak of the Pony in this town.
So Channel 7 says, we're not going to subscribe to Neilson anymore.
We're, you know, our agencies can get the ratings anyway.
We're not going to subsidize this crap because the skewing in this market is so ethnically unbalanced and so inaccurate,
that why should we subsidize like a death wish, and some of the other channels may be going to jump on the bottom of my mic, too.
Wouldn't that be great?
Wouldn't that be, yeah, because Neilson sucks.
And I told you that over a year ago, Tom Jicca, and you had the balls to write just a little bit about a one-time, and that was the end of it.
That was it.
And it's not just because I had crappy ratings on when, because who the hell could watch that show anyway or that station,
but nevertheless, you can tell right up front when you look at those Channel 23 ratings, especially, that, you know, most of the things are hooked up and, you know, in houses where all they're doing is fast.
That's all they're doing, 24 hours a day.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's four Myers, hello.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Born and raised Roman Catholic.
Oh, my God.
Little diabetic coma of Ben and Jerry's spy report for you.
Yes, sir.
Have you tried this smores bar?
No.
I've not write any of the confections that Ben and Jerry's put out.
I love their ice cream, but when they put into a bar form or a treat, they just lose something.
But this thing, it rivals fish food.
Really?
It's called the smores bar.
It's a chocolate and marshmallow over a graham cracker, and then they cover the whole chocolate.
Oh!
I actually have a half of a fish right by freezer, and I've been bypassing it to go to the smores bar.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
They'll put you in a coma.
I'm going to have to feed some of that to my mother.
They're about $40.
She likes sugar, by the way, in case you missed out.
She likes sugar.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay, don't be a schmory.
$5.670560, pound $5.60 on a mobile one line.
We've got six handed open lines here today.
That kind of cut out old far with that root's crystal.
See, when you go into a root's crystal, notice the median agent there is a hundred.
Although at least this isn't the crowd that has their teeth in a glass on the table, not yet.
But that's because it's an expensive joint, and there aren't too many young punks out there who want to spend that kind of money for a meal.
So the median demographic in there is fairly high.
The only young punks in there are the ones that I'm buying dinner for.
Those are the young punks.
And they're, oh, this is pretty good.
Yeah, it always tastes better when somebody else buys, by the way.
That's what Rimmer says.
$5.670560, pound $5.60 on our mobile one line.
Not one person cares about these cops.
And now, at this story, you can tell, it's already, this is just the tip of the iceberg.
It's going to be mushrooming because every neighbor, everybody in that area says, oh yeah, they're all kinds of cops here.
Morning noon and night in this, yeah.
Maybe they're just coming to babysit.
Maybe that's what they were doing there, spare time.
Nobody cares.
Here's Delray B.
Chilla.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, we got a great restaurant.
Do you remember the unicorn village?
Yes.
I saw you there when they, anyway, are they still around?
I don't know, because I don't know, but I'm dining over.
They moved several years ago to, I'm trying to think of where to go.
I was some strip, I think $199th in this game, whatever that shopping center was there.
Maybe it was having tour, maybe it was some other one by having tour, but they moved a long time ago.
Oh, that's, that's never heard another word about them.
That was excellent.
Yeah, it was good.
Listen, public service, no field, cell phones and people driving.
They ought to make it mandatory to put your phone number on the bumper of your car.
You can call these assholes and phone they can't try first of all.
Right.
Second of all, you can call the phone.
I had one of those this morning.
Oh, I saw a car flip outside my warehouse two days ago.
It is on the phone, try to make a left hand turn looking right.
Oh, yeah.
Flip his car, type of traffic on Congress for about two hours.
Oh, right.
Just assholes, man.
Any closing call?
Somebody do you think?
Yes, sir.
All right, cross to the clown and bought that for Duce Tag.
Okay.
5667-0560, pound 560 on a mobile online.
We're out of here 105 today and it looks to me like that's a good thing, you know?
I think thank God for that.
This cross to you old fart that caused about 20 minutes ago.
Oh, you talked about so many interesting things today.
Now let me tell you about my crappy meal of Ruth Chris.
Sir, you're so typical of what's wrong with it down here.
You're absolutely, you're the epitome of this whole area.
Walking death.
And you want to make sure that all the rest of us have as miserable of a time as you're
having.
And by the way, have another drink while you're at it too.
You cross the old fart.
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm another Catholic who religiously listens to you.
It's three so far.
We haven't exactly had a big run on Catholics here since I mentioned about that kid in
decades last night.
But we might get up to about a dozen by the end of the day.
And a confession to you.
I do listen to the Marlins game.
Okay, all right.
Here's number two.
Three Catholics.
Two Marlins fans.
Partridge in your pair of three.
One more thing.
I know you don't care much for Batman.
But he has to hear a heck of a better than regular one.
No.
Gary Batman is the worst thing to happen to hockey in history.
The worst.
I thought bigger was one of the worst things.
Now let me say it again.
This man is the worst.
When they walk into the sausage shop, they all look at him and say, there is the worst right there.
He is pathetic.
He's an embarrassment.
He's destroying our sport.
You'd rather have stigma back.
I'd rather have anybody.
I'd rather have Ron Ziggler from the White House.
I'd rather have anybody back.
Okay.
So he's worse than the baseball guy.
He's worse than the baseball guy.
That's right.
The Bud Light.
I know what it is.
It's the light.
It's not that I don't care what's happening.
So it's just typical sound water.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Whatever you said.
I know Bud Light.
Who also, by the way, has no conflict of interest in winning the brewers.
By the way, thank God for that.
I know my crap.
And that's what it is.
It's a bunch of crap.
We got police officers here, banging 16-year-old hookers running a prostitution ring and candle.
And these people are worried about God damn Bud Sealing and Gary God damn Batman.
That little Jew.
When are you people going to get with it?
And you know something the answer is, never.
You're never going to get with it.
That's why this crap goes on here forever.
And that's why Mayor penis and his husband will put over another God damn penny sales tax on the 29th of July.
When everybody's out of town and they'll have more metro rail part two.
Because nobody gives a crap.
The only people involved here are the one in their spare time and not playing dominoes and down on a park.
They're the ones that are one of the guys that pull the strings in this place.
Here's a call from Mirathon.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I just like to change the subject just a quick second.
Ask you a question.
Maybe I've led a real naive life.
Yes, you have.
Okay.
You go into a restroom.
Okay.
You have a, you know, your standard like flushing toilets.
Not the ones with the tank on them.
You're looking for flurry holes.
Yeah.
Okay.
The handle on the back.
Do you use your foot or your hand flush with?
You really joking, aren't you, sir?
I'm telling you.
You use your foot.
I've got to ask you.
You use your foot on the handle to flush the toilet.
That's what I'm saying.
No, no, I'm asking.
I'm not saying.
I use my hand.
Right.
How about the flush?
I always have used my hand.
Yeah.
I thought that was like the civilized way.
Yeah.
A couple of days ago, I noticed some scuff marks in the wall and I mentioned it.
And people are doing it with their shoes.
They're flushing those things.
Yeah, away.
No way.
Only Cubans who are like a banana boat people do stuff like that.
And the women in the office.
And the women are doing this too?
Yes.
Because we have the heels.
They're scuffing it.
They said, no, I never put my hand on the toilet.
I never put my hand on that handle.
I always use my foot to flush the toilet.
And I wonder when they're at home, when they have a regular flush toilet at home, if they put
their foot way up on the handle on that and flush it too with their foot.
They flush that with their hand.
Oh, well, that's promising.
That's a good start.
Yeah.
But I just couldn't, I was like...
Sure, in my life.
This is the first time.
I mean, I'm so glad you brought this up because in all the years that I've lived out,
I've never heard of anybody, man, woman, child or simple, then flushing a toilet with their foot.
This is the first on me.
And I'm like, oh, look, I'm 43 years old, okay?
Yeah, I'm 56 and I've been all over the world.
I never heard of anybody flushing a toilet with their foot.
Neither of us.
And I'm so glad I was able to get that clear.
And if they're, if they're, if they're, if they're, if they're concerned about it, why don't they put on some rubber gloves before they sit down?
Then they don't have to worry about getting any of the germs on their hands.
Oh, that goes into a whole, another, that goes into a whole, right?
Right.
Okay, thank you.
Thanks for bringing this up.
I think you made my way.
God bless you, sir.
And have a great day.
You're looking for glory holes.
Woo!
Flushing with a foot.
And you're looking at me like, what's wrong with that?
You do that.
You tell me that you flush a toilet like that like the one in the men's room here with your foot.
You don't know what forms substances are on the toilet.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
People take poop.
And you probably also wash your hands after you take a leak.
Of course.
Yeah, okay.
There you go.
In your case, I can understand it.
27 after 11 at 5.60 WQAM.
Oh, this, oh, is there any hope at all?
No.
No, I just give up.
I'm not going to get it yet.
Where when you come to my house?
Every time you ask to use the toilet, let's use it.
And that's fine.
But when you don't use it, let's use it.
If it's hot, then it's special.
It's just right.
You do what you got to do right.
You can show us a little glass.
And we'll prepare for you to watch.
Let's go.
Yes.
We're here to deliver all the tanks in the...
...what you pull before a curl of the feet, but it's wet.
And it's full.
That's when it's hot, but it's too late to sleep.
Your number is starting on the seat.
You should give up the cloud of time.
And it's in your open heart just as it's wet.
It's too flush.
Yeah, I'm thinking about your opinion, toilets.
Your opinion?
No, seriously.
And they have like...
...there are many different kinds.
They have like a thing on the wall, above the toilet, like a plastic thing that you push.
You shove it, and the lever too.
And then some of those on the top of the tank, there's like a metal thing that you push.
And it's...
You know, right on top of the tank.
I'm trying to think if there are any other ones that I've ever seen in Europe that have the thing on the side, I don't think so.
And then, for example, in Toronto this last weekend in the hotel I was staying in,
on the toilets and the rooms on the side, there's like a metal thing on the side that you have to push.
Unless you're contortionist, you couldn't possibly get in there and hit that with your foot.
Oh, here we go.
Here's a foot flusher.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I kicked the handle too.
I don't touch that thing.
You kick it with your foot?
With my feet.
All these years I've been doing that with my hand in the flushant too.
Oh, no, no.
You know which one I like?
Once you've finished taking a leak, you put it inside.
It's automatically...
You know?
Oh, yeah.
You know?
They even have regular tornadoes.
You can do both of them.
They have ones like that too.
It's a sensor and when you get up off the seat, it automatically flushes.
Yeah, yeah.
I kick it all the time.
I've never touched that thing.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
I don't have to re-examine my whole life now.
Okay, I may have to...
This guy sounded Latin too.
I think it's a Hispanic thing.
You know, just like the old Cuban woman that put the toilet paper in that little box to save it for rainy day.
Yeah, George is always telling those stories about grandma.
And I think about his evil mother too.
I think she probably doesn't.
She's probably got a whole house full of crap.
Here's the island Marada.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
A little bit in Jerry's trivia for ya.
I don't know if you knew this, but...
Yeah.
Wavy Gravy was the MC at a wood stop.
Right, that's correct.
And fish, food, this girl just told me with the name of a group that you were supposed to follow after you were in a deadhead anymore.
Right.
He had a PHISA drink.
Right.
And I never heard of them or anything.
I didn't know if you knew that.
No, no, no, no.
What's Coast Group?
They were like San Francisco's.
Still haven't heard of them.
I'd like to hear their music.
It could've been in Jerry's.
I mean, if the grateful dead was that bad.
Anyway, Neil, I don't know if you still have the bit with one pill looks like Wilma.
One pill looks like one?
Wilma.
Wilma.
I'll look for the one that looks like Fred.
Yeah.
We love to hear it.
Oh, okay.
I know what you talking about.
Okay.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
What the hell is that call?
That's with the...
What is that call?
With Grace Slick.
I'll find it.
Somebody will know.
5670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
What the hell is that damn thing called?
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Nelson.
Yes, sir?
Was that Harvey Farsi?
Yes.
Anyway, it was Havi.
It's coming straight from Fire Island.
Fire Island's novelist, yeah.
You know, Neil, I can't believe these pigs who are the ones that are so adamant to take away our freedom to, you know, purchase drugs that are only going to affect our own bodies.
They're the ones that are out hoering little 15-year-old girls.
I guess they get there before the hair.
I can't handle them wear.
Yeah, that in fact, that's a new slogan.
The Dave County police get there before the hair.
you know i wouldn't be surprised if half of those guys were who you are that not
more than half
you know i think i would say probably like ninety five percent of probably
i'll let one guy would tell us this got great priest he don't look like no
holy o to me
i think i will
i mean i think i don't know how to respond to this what is it
and i have a first to call a response yes
unbelievable and like i said it's buried on page five b in the sun sent
well there's no follow up at all there's no story in here what's the
whatever and uh... and and like i said the investigation is broadening
they're finding out all kinds of cops are probably involved in this and
and nobody seems to give a crap but they're all too worried about the maybe
uh... you know gambling on those ships
yeah i can't tell you how many times i've come across that same that like looking
through the new times it's been there forever
anyway i was looking at the story through the tourism guy doesn't make you
laugh would they good
uh... go ahead
you know it was like saying about all the good dining spots on your like
fake houses yeah okay number one of course they
the announced ruse christ
that's who number two and three were
rath go out and wolfies
all right
thanks for the good news
and you know
the next the ball the bridge okay
what is the name of that thing that the guy wanted your god damn see now i'm
gonna get upset i'm gonna get agribated because i can't think of the
words were here which see there's one thing we needed your for nothing else
actually but just that
that i'll feel bad George
although jp is doing a great job five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on
the mobile one line what the hell is that that thing called somebody this
audience must know god damn it
haven't played at about four hundred years
here's a mobile in south Miami hello
no deal yes sir i want you today great
i got a funny story on rick sanchez i had a friend of work that came in the
airport
was friends with one of the pilots of the seven channel uh...
were channel seven helicopter yeah
and they were taken rick to a location in the helicopter he had followed the
sleep
against the window
so there were two other people in the uh... helicopter they decided that on
account of three
the pilot would turn the helicopter so that
rick would be facing down to the ground
and they would scream
uh... they did on the count of three
were just his pants really
score it's great i love it's great
okay i know he was quite not it he just uh... lost control i wonder if he
flushed the level of the footer is hand afterward by the way
you know talking about rick i already have a homosexual relationship with
the old so i might as well have one with you two five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty
on the uh... mobile one
here's for a lot of the whole
for a lot of the lady
yes man
good morning how are you great
uh... can i change the subject from toilet or anything you want this is uh...
you know your show okay believe that
guiding light
the show's husband
why do i keep thinking he looks like now i know the time frame is wrong
you look like the guy in godfather three
that great like a donkey for you like while it's
yeah little bit
yeah
that never thought about that before but you're right
yeah well i think i think i have a story that the story line is getting so
ridiculous now it just uh...
i keep watching it i don't really can't tell you why
i know i do the same thing because it's habit
i'm just hoping that maybe uh... bill comes on every now and
yeah
i think you that you're gonna have a lot better looking to be as long as he doesn't
speak when he speaks in those runaway answers start floating all over the
now and i get a little nervous for
but uh... you know it's good anyway
well i had to put somebody pretty on the show after they took the old michelle
away to put this bitch on it
oh
and you know where that she originally played the uh... the young river
well yeah she was the young clone i remember all i remember
okay nearly was nice to look at your i'm gonna go to get a good for the tape
and i'm gonna go through the day you're right i i can remember like it was
only yesterday
yeah
okay
thanks and see how to eat like
i'll finish those can only
come finish that sure hope so
have a rate that
that's our poll question okay here we go the nephew just brought in
i'll do schedule for next week let's hear we know the program director must
be working like over hot typewriter over hot computer in the other room on
is uh... fifteen ninety five desk
because we got the schedule for next week now we can live let's see what we got
today we got a hit today no thanks off today
nice going there hopper
because we got a stupid marlin game on for who the hell would have anybody want
to follow that no but joys there will follow because what does he care
he'll be on after the game then mad dog man did six to ten
and cap on with a g.a. show ten o'clock tonight
leek how errands coming
and now here's great slick for flinched on by the
one
two
like
funny
and one
two
like
red
i'm crazy girl
i'm crazy slick
you know when i was on the road with japan's airplane in the sixties
i chase a lot of white rabbit
and i usually chase them with scotch
hate
but i don't get high anymore
now i like to get blinstone
i just drop a couple of
favorite denos before concert and soon i'm getting a buzz on vitamin and mineral
just like that modern
stone age family down the street
now when the white night is talking backwards
i know my turntables probably just in reverse
so when the men on the test board get up and tell you where to go
tell him you're going for some blinstone vitamins
every time
for
all
when
all
when
all
when
all
all
all
when
when
when
all
when
all
yeah here's a good point is is layoff your mom or she'll shoot you in the next
side a catholic footflusher you know i guess i'm the only guy in the world that
uh... been flushed with my hand on those things
jesus christ i better go wash them off right now
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the mobile one i must confess i
must be very naive in my entire life i know not only never did that but i never
heard of anybody who did
never heard of any person
any man woman or child who flushed one of those handle flushes on the side of
a public toilet with their foot never heard of such a thing
it's incomprehensible to make
here's hollywood hello
new yes sir if it's a pretty smarty place i won't touch it
yeah
who are the point
well i'm sure about the handle yeah
uh... you know
you know i guess goes you know
a lot people well how smart we can it be i mean what kind of joints are you
hanging out and i must be hanging on the wrong places i don't know
not only i mean i you know you could arrest on some pretty smart me
jones my life and i know so any place that was that so if you are a third
of the amount of time i could touch that with my hand
or you know like if you're on the trip and you have to stop somewhere somehow and
this
deposit something real quick yeah
and then again yet
place to do it
um... there's a good lesson for all your kids out there just make your
deposits in the bank it's the only safe place to do it
one question thank you very much for uh... put your thing your
bits on your website where we can listen to what you want the buggy all the
time
things but
on film site how do you record off the internet because he's
dropping some things on their pretty recent
pretty good to listen to how do you record off the internet
yeah
well you can download stuff uh... under this but i mean i will you say how do you
can you record like on something else i've got any idea
okay yeah i can see you don't a couple of it's like uh... he did one for britney
right George can ever edit it down
or if you're what other than that he could probably he could probably
send it to us would be a lot better than that better quality okay
that's the least you can do for us if you raise them twenty grand for a
charity last year
that is also said on his shock and drive website that he's going to be doing
ninety seven ninety ninety nine on a box that
right when it comes out and also hyperlinked your website too right
okay we'll relax him
okay see you
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line this is
just a pregame show it's an extension of it
because that big pregame starts at one oh five and of course tomorrow is in
the next one thirty that's going to be a barn burger we are a barn
burger we already got two people going to listen to that thing
how do you like that i don't feel bad Greg we already got two
suckers out there that promised they're going to be tuned in
that's a start
here's my any hello
new yes sir
i'm a cop here in our day county yes sir and uh... we're
right right to pick a list of what you had to say it was pretty funny right
i'd like to know those guys make us all look bad we're all not like that
we're all nice guys manage it's a small percentage of the jerks right
but not the wrong with some young stuff every now and then that's what i was
waiting for that's why i just sat here waiting for the truth to come up
well
it's not too early legal
what would you say would be the barrier i mean this girl was sixteen and we
don't know about the other ones but what would be the uh... lower barrier
18 18
oh yeah yeah
well that's legal
yeah as long as legal that's all that matters okay thank you sir i would agree
with that see that's the way i look at it
of course i'm not looking at no girls but nevertheless
i see i he was kind of non-committal or he like uh... i thought he was going
to actually come up with something revolutionary there and he said like
and by the way i hate to break the news to you and i don't think you're ready
for it okay
the legal aid and of course we're talking prostitution here which of any of
the rest of you do it forget about the age you go straight to jail
but the legal age for consensual sex act in canada is fourteen in uh... let's
say i'm trying to think in italy it's fourteen most of the western european
countries it's like fourteen or fifteen
which i still would say is a little bit too young i think like sixteen is a good
demarcation point i think anybody reasonable could agree that once you
become sixteen you can decide for yourself where you're going to stick to
simply and i want to say and what are you going to do with your foot of your
hand five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line that's
what right here's a mobile in Miami hello
i know you have a wonderful show i do every day i do too great uh... just a
couple things i like to play i like to get a shame what's your clef at sick
for man for uh... and uh... for man i think i know you got a lot of this
what's good for us let's go first love you now okay
i think that things all over with the way i have to worry about that no more they
got to go through for melody one more game and get that behind us for example this
morning in the morning sure they were talking about uh... alis Fernandez in the
marlins are when i got the car they were talking about it i played about twenty
minutes of music i pulled a CD out there still talking about it i come into the
building they're still talking about it
and so finally they were one of their seventeen minute commercial breaks and i
wanted to have come here who's i'd be with this
and gildey says what i think i talk about
and i thought you don't say that on the air i'll say it for you what i was going
to talk about god damn it but then i found out it was before that brought up at
alis Fernandez thing i can understand why i told him right to his face i said
you just want to talk about it because you're trying to find somebody that's
better than you are before all this guy is ballooning up i'm telling you if
missus b-fos listen right now betty don't be like my mother killing him with
kindness okay she's killing my animals with kindness or neighbors with kindness
she's killing me with hidden sugar taking mondal bread to diabetics who are
losing the feeling and they're like nice going millie
and then she sticks her next to her neighbor i write in the column here so we
can suck up some more female model bread you're still not getting any i wrote
how do you like that it's about the third time he's tried to pull that over the
years caught suck it up on the show so i'll put in a good word so she might
give him some more of that female model bread you're out i wrote you're not
getting any five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one
line here's pompato hello jony dark okay thank you that was that was worth waiting
five and a half minutes for you know something if i had five and a half
minutes of spare time that i would wait on hold to do that i won't my brains out
first in fact it's still out too late pal five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile in delray v tello hey Neil how are you
okay sir not only do i use my foot to flush i also double line of toilets and
using napkin to open up the door oh yeah uh huh there's nothing more discussing than a public
toilet okay okay i don't know how i made it this long you know i'm trying to get
in the lesson in life now the business about washing your hand after you take a
leak that that i'm sorry that that's ridiculous that that to me is the
what that tells me is that you've got a dirty
home sent see if i'm not concerned about sanitation in my
is that filthy i washed my hands before you know i'm a sand
if i really were concerned about my own personal
sanitation to that extent that was like a fetish i washed my hands before i would touch it
not afterward because you're holding newspapers and change and bills and i'll come
then you wash your hands first and if you're if you're part
clean away it should be then you don't have to worry about anything like that
and thanks by the way of our close personal friend Brad over at Tony's for another lunch
now Tony's going to be out of business in about a week if we keep doing all these free lunches
thanks Brad you're a hell of a guy god bless you gentlemen
what do you what do you laugh at about we like the free food okay Tony's which is in 441
on 193 am i right right down the street from us right over there by patanquin let's get all
names on here okay and maybe someday we'll get some new coffee from some of ourselves people
but i'm sure doubt that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty animal mobile one one oh
by the way for those people to keep a diary about this show who have their own personal
diary because they're so obsessed with this show let me just tell you let me look at the file
here for a minute it's the 24th of june it's now going on two weeks after the tirade from
Todd direct do we have any new coffee for that account he was so concerned about no
you want another guy they may check for no just looking is there one new word on that sheet of paper
no anything new any new ideas no approaches no phone numbers anything huh no thank you
i've gone Todd i'm gonna tell you there are so many people in this place who have been out on
the street a long time ago any place else and that that's the f in truth right there
i was starting to say like in a real radio station in any radio station so many of these people
had their asses out on the street a long time ago but it's qa m and so our motto is
there you go Greg's running around hyperventilating about very jackass he's obsessed with
very jackass i wouldn't be surprised if uh you know Greg Reed winds up having very jackass his baby
pretty soon the way he's carrying on about it maybe that's why he returns his phone calls
maybe they're having like hot and heavy little phone sucks or something like that in the
you know i'm talking about
ah my name is ba ba ba rena okay very come down five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the mobile one line it's eleven fifty six and q and we got only another hour and ten
minutes to go and then it's ball game pregame whatever you know no matter what we do about it it's
come over you like it or not now these people that have to put on twelve layers of toilet paper
on the seat and they have to do all these other hermetic i mean come on already okay
how filthy can somebody's back don't be well you know now that you mentioned
speaking of that how about dry concepts that's a good segue they're not going to clean your
back don't feel sure clean all the other crap that's on your carpets
coming soon you look better near you
for super reave is super mad super mad five
bell cowl super mad quick give me all of this drowning hey here comes super man here he comes
he's in a wheelchair
super man
super man
oh
too late
yeah that'll call you super gimp
do you freak
oh
oh
oh
oh
nothing happening
get on top of it
larger
wow
i see people saw how badly figured out a way to defeat super man
with with trips a night
no
steps
hahaha
super man five
the search for a bigger doorway
rolling into a theater near you
so like i said tell me
you're gonna need to be 29
north-east i can have it on 440
you better get it right okay mister is that all right
please thank you
trouble one at five sixty wqa m
and this and by the way whoever is faxing me
all this information about the toxic stuff at kill you and high stop
stop enough of the faxing already you maniac
this person must be certifiable even that we got too much of the toxic stuff and
what it was brain
page after page after page after page
and i thought we were not going to do about it anyway okay
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a eighteen t wireless line this guy is faxing me copies of test
results from places that i can't even talk about
correct them yeah they're too
enough already
here's Miami hello
hello yes sir
in ill now you were talking earlier about all those people
uh... the hypocrites and the newspapers
they had a story of new times a few months ago about uh... escort services and
everything and they said oh but we don't have any ads for escorts in our new
saver who said that
and the ad in the article in the new times you're right
they were saying they don't have any ads and any ad for escorts and you're likely
stir well not not legal ones and how about all the other escorts and the
legal one now i mean that all depends on escorts
servers technically is uh... you know
you know what's the escort somebody is to go to lunch with them go to dinner
something better dinner go to the night show
excuse their brains out
no one to call uh...
limit those banks
escort this five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty or think it finally
stop thank god all i feel so much better now that faxed off already from that
maniac
here's a mobile in Miami hello
in ill first on college all right
uh... that pretty good guy on the phone there
it's uh... the broad edition of the time to do the escorts service that they
could be that
really better by that now
now the other thing is that uh...
that's a kid is in guy
and a whole routine about watching the toilet with the foot back in the eighties
yeah
you also with the same routine if you were dead you're being thought of my
it's in that same way if they want to check that out
so that's been that you went into that for like uh... when he was alive he's
yet he looked like he was in a bad
okay thanks for the good news on the words if you're gonna set up some ice
and kinesis body to work with your foot is what he said
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line marlin's
baseball baby
up are you ready
ready for it no come on get with it
they got a win one something don't think no
here's a lady on a way to vagus hello
hello yes man
hi uh... just want to say i'm going to beg it today for the first time
and because of you i'm going to say the mpm grand and the emerald and root
christ and
i look forward to winning you'll have a great time
you'll lose your ass but you'll have a great time
oh no don't say that wish me luck i wish you luck
i wish you luck i'd rather than sure i didn't really didn't you read what i
can survive that i can survive that didn't you read what the hero said you
better take a look at that editor of before you go out there and lose all your
harder money i don't think i'll put it out to you
her acidic enterprises
don't look for the rest and if you win big remember me
of course thank you dollar okay and push with your foot
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line you know
even a child could pick up this editor of the hero today and they would go
yeah like that
state government may not be able to read floor of these pericidic enterprises
see at least they changed their verbiage a little bit from the days they were
writing about how the paramutuals they extract the money gently from your
wallet now they're talking about the pace of extracting the money about how they
do it so much faster you see you understand that gambling is bad when you lose
money fast if you lose it slowly then it's okay then it's kosher and then the
hero to prove but if you lose it too fast
oh boy then you're in big trouble i'm serious man you few people over there
it's one of those these in order to laugh or cry
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-warves line
here's a mobile and tap hello hello my friend yes sir i always no matter where i'm at
always flush with my foot well i'm from afraid that there's a lot of people out
there that are like me because if i go into a place man like the foods bad or
something i always like piss all over that handle you know i mean just just
like revenge all over the on purpose i yeah absolutely yeah and well
sometimes i can't control like some kind of big but anyhow yeah likely stirring a
little bit of spraying you know what i mean but not always flush my okay thanks
to the goodness five six seven oh five sixty that was from camp by the way so
what does that tell you scored scored he's probably from lute stay up he all
over the place all over the floor on the seat and that's another thing too by
the way speaking of that now that does disturb me
disturb me greatly walk into a public restroom including the ones in here in our
building now you know and we have first of all we've got a urinal okay
there's nothing i despise more than guys who take a leak in the sit down toilets
well what's the point of that you know unless you're real nervous or unless you
got a real teeny tiny penis and even i pee at the urinal and i got a very small
penis so if if it's smaller than mine all i can say is good luck here you'll
need it but how come there these guys pee all over the seat
i see that all over the goddamn place there's the to there's the plastic
toilets each sitting down on there and you're about ready to sit down to do
some more serious business because that's what those toilets are for
there's 72 urinals there that's where you take a leak okay guys
right there at the urinal that's where you do the pee and job all right the other
more serious business inside
in addition to which i mean are we talking bad aim here
what we're talking about really bad aim oh yeah maybe it's Chinese guys in there
you know it comes out on an angle you know sports yeah on a 45 degree angle
keeps hitting the seat
maybe that's where they got that old expression when they
hit the fan you know i'm talking about five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
here's sunrise hello hey you spoke about your dogs earlier yes what kind of
bedwaters stays home to babies with their dogs instead of going to the
tracks oh yeah five six seven one did their
want to lose a hundred bucks how you like that okay five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on again by the way my dogs don't
wet the bed how do you like that here's a mobile in danya hello
well aware to bed the brandy don't know too bad the randy don't know about that guy
yes sir how you doing pretty good um i think the uh toilet was
sentenced by john that credible for a reason yeah you know it's for
crappy and one thing you got to do i don't know if anybody does it we have to
wash your hands you got to take the paper towel and open that door
yeah that's right i mean you know i'm about taking a paper towel and opening it
from the outside before you go in too that you can ever be too safe that's what
your own conference said that's what Howard Hughes said
never be that's what all those good that's what Michael Jackson says that's
why he wears those gloves baby that's right now here's a unicorn report
yeah meanwhile the the guy who saw you over there on six avenue
right you were with me which is very nice i don't know if you remember who i am but
i'm the one who brought you that uh metal for
giving all the fat at the time the uh the atkins right
remember yes yeah anyway they moved over to the uh the waterway shops
that's what it was the waterway shot yeah right and then they uh
he sold the market the whole foods market the national chain
yeah then he just had the restaurant then he sold the restaurant he's doing
real well now and he's not really involved restaurants anymore to be unicorn
restaurant is basically uh gone oh it's gone yeah it's gone okay too bad well
that's so what goes that all the good stuff is gone yeah yeah yeah okay have a
great day see ya nine minutes past noon we're less than an hour
away from that model and pregame you can feel it you can smell it huh and be
sure in the flush it with your foot too when you're done by the way five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 i thought life was so simple
you know and then when i talk to these assholes i discover oh there's so
much more to life than i ever realized man it's so much more complicated i
thought it was pretty simple oh there's a handle you flush oh no
gotta go through a whole big song and an answer to do these things right
and protect it and i see it Tommy have a great life
beware of exploding balls
oh the momma
damn
I think
me
i feel sorry
You'll sobbing, fortune-leeling, every time it's blazing, it's time to choke.
Believe me when I tell you now that baseball team is a joke.
When I sing of him, he is a major at home.
And you know everything you say is a lie.
When I sing of him, he went and tried to pay roll.
And it's just a winnest, just die, I just have a mallet safe and easy.
A brand new ballpark with a dome.
Believe me when I tell you, they'll have to find another home.
Just pick them up.
Stop 15 at 560 WQM, only 50 minutes away from that big Marlon pregame show.
Anybody ready for it?
No.
No, we are.
We're ready.
560, 705, 60, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line with you.
Like it or not, baby, it's all over.
See, but tell Bill that new stadium because Mayor penis will get together with John Henry or somebody else.
And they'll do another one of these deals.
They'll have another phony election.
And they'll put another two cents sales tax in there.
And they'll have public money.
You know, whether we want it or not.
Do we want it?
No.
No.
But they'll still go ahead and do it.
You can mark my words on it.
Mark it down like Wayne said.
560, 705, 60, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, it doesn't have to be a toll handle, but if I touch anything at all, I have to be a fact like you touch it out.
Okay, great.
Thanks.
And thanks for listening.
By the way, the thing arrived here, you're showing 560 WQM.
560, 705, 60, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I wonder if he touches.
I wouldn't touch that.
So I guess you don't have to worry about that.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, all right.
Great.
I'm listening to your show.
I got a story for you.
I loved it.
I met a guy with my son.
I walked in the bathroom.
I'm standing there.
And I see this key coming onto the floor.
We turn around.
There's a guy sitting in the urinal.
Pissing from the urinal.
Over to the other side.
Till you stand back to peak.
My son thinks it's a riot.
He thinks that's a joke.
And every time I go on the bike, he says he wants to try it.
I was letting him know that you think you got weird people in this town.
I tell you, I've never seen anything like that in my life.
He's peeing from the inside.
He's peeing from the inside.
And he's taking a crap.
Yeah.
And the peeing is coming out straight to the other side of the wall, going into the urinal.
That you stand up to peeing.
Uh-huh.
And you know.
Okay. Well, listen.
Let us know what kind of stuff they're serving in the bar.
Okay.
Anybody believe that story?
No.
No.
Do you have any idea how far it is, even the smallest of turlits from the sit-down place to the urinals?
Anybody got it?
Huh?
This guy must have been a field and stream guy.
Field and stream.
5667.0560, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
Whatever it is.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Leo.
Yes, sir.
A couple of quick things.
All year debate a couple weeks ago and lately about steaks.
I think that on a good day there's a handful of good to take places and they all make a good steak.
My favorite is a Christie's and Corgit.
Yeah.
And another one.
That's a good place.
And Tuscan steakhouse.
I don't know if you ever heard of it.
Small place across the street from China grow in South Beach.
Never heard of you.
Oh, South Beach.
I wouldn't go there.
Well, something else related to South Beach.
You got to really, you got to wrap yourself in plastic and you're going to take a leak in South Beach.
Why?
I just wore a wet suit.
That's good.
Good thinking.
I was a spire port Ricky Martin.
He has a little BMW convertible.
I think that's one of the cars he drives.
A some a few days ago down on the beach and he had the tiniest, tiniest, tiniest, you know the little gate,
bright strips.
It's not actually a flag, but it's just a little new on the rainbow thing.
Right.
It was a tiny, tiny one right up.
That's why I heard Ricky's got a tiny one.
Well, it was a little one right on top of the third brake light, the third hole back there.
Yeah.
On his car.
Yeah.
Well, at least he had it in the right place.
He had it on his rear end.
Backed him.
56670560, 0560 on the 182 wireless line.
As we continue pondering that question, is Ricky, does anybody care?
No.
Enough of them already.
Why didn't he even bring him up again?
Oh, he's right in the middle of my lunch.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, the toilet thing.
I got co-workers.
Well, we're going to do that.
And we had the regular one.
Who do you want?
The one.
The one used the foot on the toilet.
It's mostly a women thing.
You know, the ones that have the little small flusher on the front.
I have a couple of women co-worker work at that actually do that with their heel.
You know, the clumped chain like that.
They have a flusher on the front.
You know, the little chain on the front of our normal toilet.
No.
Like what you have at home?
No.
The little thing.
Oh, you're a little handled, you mean?
Yeah, they're able to do that with the heel of their foot.
No.
I'm serious with that.
They do that.
They handle on a regular toilet with the heel of their foot.
What's the point of that?
They don't want to touch it.
Well, let me ask you this.
Is your hand more likely to have bad stuff on it or somebody else's shoe?
Don't ask me, like I said, I...
So in other words, the next person who may be touching that with their hand,
somebody's shoe was just on there.
May have stepped in a big bunch of...
Whatever they stepped in.
And that's a good thing.
I don't want to be touching the handle that somebody else just had their guide and crappy shoe on.
That's who...
Who knows where they're stepping on it.
Right.
And at 105, since you were talking about the Marlins, I'm going to be flipping over to music
and a bag of Piscopalian here.
Okay.
What a shock.
I couldn't believe he's a Piscopalian.
567-0560, pound 560, on the AT&T wireless line.
Good picture today, by the way, Brad.
Thanks for our buddies at Tony's.
193rd Northwest Second Avenue.
Get the address right there.
They're going to cut us off, okay?
And by the way, for my bed-winning friend, the call before that so concerned about Patsy Ramsey and the Autobi,
I had to break the news here.
I made that story up.
Just in case Joe was listening, I want Joe to feel bad.
I think that I shine him at the track.
And then come to find out that Joe didn't go anyway.
So feel bad after all, okay?
You know what I mean?
Joe shine me.
I just didn't feel like going, you know?
I just didn't feel like it.
Especially the summer meat at Pompadon.
I mean, I realize there's spots coming up in a couple of minutes.
You'll have a great time there.
Better you than me, you know?
I'd rather go to Vegas and lose my money real fast.
Get it over with.
That's what the Harold says.
Does even that bag of new erogies go there to Vegas?
Losing his money like a maniac to those parasitic entrepreneurs?
I enjoy losing my money to those parasitic entrepreneurs.
I have a good time, okay?
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Hey, man, brother, relation, man.
You won the contest, man.
We've told you about a month ago.
And you never asked about your prize.
What?
You won the contest.
The Clare Bell, the Clown, Flumberdown, Mr. Bluster.
Feels very dope, boy, look alike.
No, okay, Rob, whatever you say.
Oh, okay.
Well, it's only 12.30.
And this guy's already off to a good start.
He's got a head start.
567, 0560, Pompadon, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a Miami Beach call.
Hello?
Miami Beach.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, why do these people always rip by hate when you're going to win?
Hank hasn't even mentioned today.
We haven't talked about Hank once on today.
No, no, no, not today, but every day they won't call him when he's on.
And let me explain something here.
About 10, 15 years ago, we knew mutual friends, okay?
And every time I saw him, he leaves me when I tell you,
he was always with a fine looking bitch.
He was always with one.
Who, Hank?
I remember a couple weeks ago, this guy, he says,
I've cut my best testicle off if he was with Miss Louisiana or Miss Kentucky.
I wonder how he was.
You remember that conversation?
Okay, believe me.
Look, I was one guy.
Everybody knows Hank's got good tasty pace for the good stuff.
You know, yeah, they don't have the balls to call him up and rip them when he's on a show.
Yeah.
They're wrong.
Why don't they rip them when he's on a show instead of ripping them for you?
Yeah.
And what do I always tell him?
You know, you stick up wrong.
Call him.
Call him if you want to, you know, you're up, call what's up about him.
Call him up.
Call up that, Hank, in the ripping game.
And let them rip you on his show.
Okay, I can handle it.
As long as it checks keep playing, I can handle it.
Don't worry about it, okay?
I got a thick, thick, hide.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
God, it's going to be so exciting when that ballgame comes on in it.
No.
God.
It's going to be great.
We're going to be out of here.
We're going to go home and babysit a couple of dogs like a real man.
And I got news for it with all due respect to some of my friends at Pompooh Park.
Sometimes you go in the retrievers better company, you know what I'm saying?
Don't talk back.
I had to walk over the 7-8-9 before broke out.
Yeah, okay.
Just need a couple of weeks to rest from that every once in a while.
Here's a mobile in Pompoohno.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
When it comes to the stalls, a lot of these guys are going there because they have stage fright.
You know that, they're really embarrassed.
Yeah.
They have stage fright.
They can't pee in the urinal.
Yeah, but they can't, they're better seeing something in front of some of the guys.
Yeah, maybe they're afraid that some of those guys at the other urinals might be checking them out.
Maybe they're afraid that there might be some out of clenus at those other rurals.
Yeah, well, they're afraid they might get too excited and lose control of themselves.
That could be it.
Hey, if it comes to handle, just use Purell, you know what I'm saying?
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T lines.
Very simple and they're people making things complicated.
You know what I'm talking about?
Life is very, very simple.
People want to complicate it.
They want to get into what big saw in it.
It's the Howard Euthendrome.
Lots of germs everywhere.
Let's make sure that way, you know.
And you know something?
If 50 guys did pee on the handle on that thing, what difference does it make?
What difference does it make?
Is there like some rotest thing that's going to happen if 50 guys pee at first they've also got to probably be driving.
And by the time you touch it with your hand and the handle too.
And number two, even if it's not, so you wash your hands.
And it is to which it would seem to me that after you do that number,
you're going to wash your hands anyway, unless you're some kind of a total slob, right?
So what's the problem?
Yeah, how come they never mention that?
We're talking about the sit down number, okay?
You finish that, you wipe, which of course is, you know, not always perfect.
So what's the big deal with the handle?
You're going to go wash your hands anyway after you do a jump.
Don't get it.
See, they almost had me snookered in on this one.
I'm not buying it.
It's like a neurosis.
It's like a fetish.
I'm telling you, you find people that flush the toilet with their foot.
And I'll show you people that have had a very neurotic childhood.
Probably bedwaters.
26 past noon at 5.60 WQAM.
Let me tell you about a great place that I could have been last night when I stayed home.
And that's Pompadal Park.
That's right.
You'll enjoy going there Monday's, well, let's see, Monday through Saturday we got
Psymo casting.
And Wednesday Friday and Saturday nights at 7.30.5.
We got outstanding life.
I'm track harness raising.
I looked at the results in the paper by the way this morning and I'm going to lost my ass.
So I'm ecstatic, I stayed up.
And baby sat my golden retriever.
How do you like that?
He didn't say a word.
Can beat that cater meat.
Oh right.
I've been to theatre, sister, rock, worst and sour, crown.
I love a polished mishok.
I'll roll the barrel out.
I put on the leader, hold this inside with everybody hands.
It was time to go back to the band and then I'm so flared up again.
It was time to walk away.
It was time to get my baby.
That's the thing I'm alive, please, Polka.
Feel your desire.
Feel your desire.
Feel your desire.
Feel your desire.
Feel your desire.
Feel your desire.
Feel your desire.
Feel your desire.
Feel your desire.
Feel your desire.
Feel your desire.
Feel your desire.
Feel your desire.
I'm singing a funky in Polka.
The band goes on top of the band.
We'll fill it up with Polka.
Dance with your grandma.
Do the ring of love with Polka.
Take care of the band.
Don't fear those tricks of my new Polka.
It's not care about us.
Listen to our Polka.
Listen to our Polka.
Come on.
Everyone's not Polka.
Come on.
That's not every night.
Come on.
Somebody factors me this from brain droppings by George Carlin.
He says, I never washed my hands after using a public restroom.
Unless something gets on me.
Otherwise, I figure I'm as clean as when I walked in.
Besides, the sink is usually filthy or that I am.
I'm convinced that many of the men I see frantically washing up
don't do the same thing at home.
Americans are obsessed with appearances and have an unhealthy fixation on cleanness.
Relax boys.
It's only your ****.
He says, if it's so dirty that after handling it, you need to wash your hand.
You may as well go ahead and scrub your **** out of your added.
To tell you the truth, would you like to see some guy trying to dry his genitals?
Would one of those forced air blowing machines that are mounted for four feet off the ground?
There you go.
He's drying off his ****.
Low drying it.
He's getting a blow job.
All right.
There you go, little George Carlin for you.
I still say if you're going to wash your hands anyway, what's everything to make
if you put your hand on the lever?
God.
People with a Michael Jackson syndrome.
Here's homestead.
Hello.
Homestead.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Not only is my friend flush with his foot, but I've been washing his hands.
He's still using the towel to open the door because you don't know he's been there before him.
Uh-huh.
Now that's a hypokondri-
Okay, listen, get the guy out of the butterfly net.
He'll be right over.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
There's nothing to mean, but more of a big now they do have thank God like a lot of airports.
Not Miami, of course, but it like real airports.
They have the things to do the toilet seats that have the moving plastic thing under and you press a button and it moves along and you have like a fresh new piece of plastic sitting down there to stick your fat.
Go on when you sit down.
Now that's good.
That should be a good enough for anybody.
For people who have a my ass on the seat, who are afraid they're going to pick up crabs or some of the growth test thing.
God only knows what off the toilet seat.
But there's nothing to be more annoying than walking in and seeing like somebody's got four layers of toilet paper that they've like like they like they're like they're papering a goddamn wall or something.
And they've got it layered over there and then of course they get up into they take it off and flush it away or throw it away.
No, it's still sitting there.
So now you have the benefit you have to you have to wonder did they are they the ones that had to clean ass or not.
I mean are you going to sit on the toilet paper that somebody else sat down and put on there.
No, of course not.
And now you're going to have to handle it. That's the best part.
You're going to have to deal with it.
Here's a mobile in the field. Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
I'm a 36 year old boxer wearing mail and I flush with my foot.
Really?
I stand there like a freaking karate kid.
I'm telling you I can.
And why do you do that? Don't you wash your hands then after you finish with all your business?
Sure.
So then what are you worried about?
Well, let me ask you this. I don't want to get it's a little lunch hour.
I don't want to get too indelicate.
Okay.
But when you when you're wiping your back, but okay.
Yeah.
Now there are those times as we know we get those push throughs other certain problems.
Sometimes we come through to the other time.
Whatever might happen.
Now I can assure you that whatever you might have on your hands from your own thing.
It's got to be a thousand times germier than whatever you might get off that handle there.
I don't get it.
How about when you're sitting down to do number two do you like to see Dan?
You or anything?
No.
I've seen that one.
I mean, if it was wet.
Right.
Exactly.
But I see that plastic thing down at Miami.
And everyone I've seen was malfunctioned and all jammed up and people it made a big mess
of it.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
But like the appearances and stuff.
I come up to you and I'm like, well, you know, I'm too big for fans.
I'm still going to shake your hand.
Yeah.
That's right.
Okay, Neil.
Okay.
John Parker's a douchebag.
Okay.
See.
5.670560.
Pond 560 on the 18t wireless line.
America with all their fetishes.
Maybe we got a lot of real neurotic people out there.
That's what we're finding out today.
Something I never, uh, goes to show you.
There's always something new that pops up.
Something I never gave one second stalk to in my life was the notion of watching some
jackass putting his foot on a goddamn handle.
Oh, I'm not going to touch that.
God.
What are we talking about here?
It's time for your job.
The show that gets to what's really deep down inside of you.
And now here's your host, Colin Cornwallis.
Good evening.
I'm Colin Cornwallis, your host and welcome to Turd Talk.
The loaf lines are already lit up.
So let's just get right down to the phones and let's see who's on number two.
It's Steve Steve.
You're on the air.
Hi, Colin.
I'm a first time caller.
All right.
We got a little something for you.
Steve, hang on.
So what's on your mind?
Well, I just wanted to let you know how much of the wife and I enjoy the show and
hold on.
Let me get some paper here.
Okay.
I'm back.
So your wife loves the show.
That's great.
Tell me, Steve, you're wiping right now, aren't you?
Yes, I am.
Okay.
When you wipe, do you prefer a forward stroke or a backwards stroke?
I think I prefer a forward stroke.
As a matter of fact, the wife was just saying, uh-oh.
What's the matter?
I think I just ripped the paper.
Oh, okay.
How well did you get to wipe?
Well, I got it pretty good.
Okay.
Do you feel any pressure under your fingernails?
Yes, I do.
Oh, boy.
Remain calm.
You're having what we call a push through.
Did you get any penetration?
Uh, thanks, though.
Okay, just do as I say and everything's going to be okay.
Now, is there any clothing on the bathroom floor?
You want to look for something dot-coloured.
Okay, let me see.
Now, pull your finger out nice and slow so you don't get a flicking effect, okay?
Okay.
Is your finger out, Steve?
Yes.
Now, the first thing you want to ask yourself as you look at your finger is has anybody
in the house really made you mad today?
No, they haven't.
Okay, go ahead and wipe it off, Steve.
Oh, thank you, Colin.
Keep it a good work.
Well, you are welcome.
And thanks for listening.
That's all the time we have for now.
Until the next turn, talk, I'm Colin Cornwallis.
This has been turned to the show that gets down to what you're really made of.
23-1 at 5.60 WQM only about a half hour away or less from that big.
No, come on.
Now, that's not the right attitude.
No, Marlon Pregame show.
You're going to be hanging on here everywhere.
No.
Joe and Dave and, uh, Gmouster and Noah's glam, huh?
No.
America loves to watch moves and butts and boinking.
What would it do if I had normal food?
Would you still run out and buy my CD?
Do you get long when I speak out of songs?
And decide how much I sing off-key-key?
I'ma get by within my breath.
I just got within my breath.
I don't have to try with your plans in my grasp.
Did you know this shot wasn't anybody's?
I only had to pull my candy down.
How did it feel when you were hot?
Yeah, I'd not convince him where I could find now.
Time to succeed by just spreading your lies.
Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a girl or a guy.
How old would you be?
Sweet and young, seven teens.
At least until I'm out of rehab, 35.
I get by within my breath.
I get by within my breath.
I don't have to try to fit my best.
Have you seen your best day of love?
She lived through me by carrying my-by carrying a plate.
So in this business, that's the most important thing.
I'ma get by within my breath.
Yeah, come on, Britney.
One more time.
Thank you.
1244-560-WQM.
So when did Britney make it a video up in West Palm and a bad news?
Is Jose Lambeet, the right-set in Cippet in the South Pole in Cindercombe?
Nice call by the way.
Jose didn't mention Ricky one more time.
Nice call in sweetheart.
Second call on her row.
He left Ricky out of there.
But he mentions that Britney is down here and she was on top of Beach.
I guess of course with all the other very important people, all the other drug people.
So at any rate, Britney was very bummed out.
Oh, it rains every afternoon here.
So this really sucks.
Is it out of shame?
Okay.
Anybody out there like to bring Britney in from the rain?
Oh!
Keep her occupied.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got your problem solved for the toilet.
I don't have any of your problems.
Well, tell them that we have a lot of people in radio land who got a problem though.
If you slap a pretend on, you don't have to worry that you get home.
Uh-huh.
Okay, great.
Five, five, six, whatever works for you, man.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty.
Pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
That's right.
When in doubt, just let it out.
Don't be go to those public restrooms.
Kind of take a page out of my history book.
You know, like that one day when I had a little problem.
I pooped my pants.
Yeah, that day.
I decided, I mean, what's the point of straining your into card?
Is nobody else around?
It just, you know, going to happen.
That's all.
Let it happen.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Not good for the socks, though.
That was after I started wearing socks.
Not a good idea.
Here's a mobile and cover read.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to inform your audience that when anyone flushes the toilet,
a fine spray of the water and whatever's in there goes out about five feet.
So that a few of your toothbrushes are within five or six feet of that.
Okay, thank you.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Sounds better than crashed on it.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is Ricky Martin's boyfriend.
Yeah, okay.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
I just want to change the subject for a moment.
Please.
Let's get off of this.
You pass.
I read in USA today that Mike Smith and Ken Dintrano, we did give him one at GM.
Huh.
And maybe it's about time that you go up there and say, you know, I can do a better job than them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wow, what was wrong with the job they did last year?
Well, they didn't do anything, but they decided that Mike Smith wasn't just a good guy.
He's the one who's here.
That's because Ken Dryden's an asshole.
He's another one of those Cornell assholes.
Okay, like Gary Bettman.
He's another one.
I agree with you.
Okay, thanks for the bad news, sir.
That's the end of the lease.
We won't make the playoffs next year.
No pressure.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Anybody can't, we had one call about the cops with it, and then we had the one-to-leg cop that called in.
Said he likes him young, but 18 is good enough because he don't want the call to be traced.
And find out that he probably is doing 15 and 16-year-old girls.
One call.
Anybody in this town care about the fact that your cops are out there screwing 16-year-old girls and running four houses?
Anybody care?
No.
That's okay.
Because you're a bunch of pussy, you're a bunch of whims, you'll take any kind of crap that they dish out.
You'll sit there and take your ticket and grumble a little bit for going seven miles over the speed limit,
and watch them drive away 90 miles an hour in a 30 and can't do a goddamn thing about it.
And if I say we live in a police state, all that new, you'll get so carried away, right?
Right.
Police state, baby.
Global and cross-spring, hello.
Hello.
Yes, I am.
Hello, are you there?
Yes, I am.
All right.
Are you there?
Yes, I want to talk to you about my bathroom, have it.
Hello.
I'm listening.
Okay.
When I go to the bathroom.
And you go to the one?
It's a bathroom.
Bathroom?
Yes, when I go to the bathroom.
The bathroom?
Yeah.
Bathroom.
When I go there.
The bathroom?
Yes, yes.
How many Fs in that?
What?
I said go ahead.
All right.
After I do my thing, I pull down my pants and I fleshly tore it with my Fs.
Because I didn't want to touch it with my hands.
You flush the toilet with your ass.
Okay, good.
Excellent.
There you go.
He flushes it with his Fs.
All right.
There we go.
I mean his ass is already probably a little on the swarmy side.
So what's wrong with that?
What's a few more germs going to hurt?
Keep it in the family.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
So we got one guy.
He's brushing his teeth with a spill over from the water.
We got one guy who's supposedly sitting on the throne,
taking a leak trying to reach the urinal at 15 feet across.
And it's great.
And the message is just like I did last night,
stay home with your dog and lock the door and don't let anybody in.
That's the message, okay?
You've had wetters out there.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Buenos Aires.
And back to you.
Hey, listen, as came back from a trip I went to Italy.
Yeah.
And you're saying Buenos Aires?
Buenos Aires.
Good afternoon.
Buenos Aires.
Buenos Aires.
Buenos Aires.
Buenos Aires.
Okay, sorry.
Good right.
That kick your ass out of Italy, you talk spictop.
Sorry about that.
I don't like no spiction Italy.
Hey, listen.
I'm traveling to the different cities that we used to travel in the A1.
So we start with those auto girls.
You know those auto girls?
The one?
Auto girl.
It's like a fish stop on A1.
It's like the term pike you have the rest stops.
Yeah.
They call them auto girls there.
So anyways, it's just talking about bathrooms.
I was in the bathroom.
I was using the urinal thing, you know?
Yeah.
And I felt like I felt something.
Like I said, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Like I said, Buena Seda.
Man, you know something that's supposed to be good weed they hear at QAM.
If somebody intercepted it, obviously they got all the good stuff more sitting here eating pizza, which was very good.
But we didn't get the good stuff.
Damn it.
I guess tomorrow, tomorrow we close out the week with a heavy duty, with a smoking.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
The thing about those top things.
The problem with that is the police don't require much to, you know, apply.
I mean, it's basically you could even apply with a TV.
You don't need a college degree or anything.
And even if people that do have a college degree, they're sitting around waiting to get the job.
And people right from high school get it.
Yeah.
They're not educated enough and that does it.
And the other thing is.
So, in other words, you're saying that dumb people are the only ones that screw around?
No, no, I'm not saying that.
Oh.
A lot of people screw around.
Oh.
But I'm saying you should at least have a little bit more of an education requirement when you're going to be in charge of, let's say, domestic disturbance, you know, at two o'clock in the morning.
You should have a little more common sense than some of you straight out of it.
I would think that you'd have a little more common sense than to be starting up a warehouse and advertising in new times.
And it turns out that it's a cop and a bunch of cops are risk customers.
You'd think you'd have a little more sense than that.
That you might keep it like at least write the numbers on a restroom wall or something and keep it like out of the public eye.
That's right.
That's right.
And another thing I can't figure out why people have not figured out that it's not to change the subject or nothing.
Go ahead.
Cubans cannot run a country.
Why did we let them start running Miami?
Well, I think Dave County is a classic example of that.
Now you see why Cuba went to Holland and Hanbasket.
Just take a look at Dave County.
Thank you, Neil.
And the Buenos dias.
Buenos etta.
I can't believe it.
Well, I do believe after that call, you know, what he said, that Buenos era guy.
Yeah, and point Pomerillo to you too, okay? Check in.
Now this guy was right on target.
We got a lot of cops on it again because who wants to pay somebody when they're only out there supposedly risking their lives?
Who wants to pay somebody for something like that?
Who wants to pay somebody to teach your kids, you know?
Who wants to pay somebody to be the president and have a finger on a button?
When we can pay the tree and spree while 12 or 15 million a year and zo.
Huh?
How zo-doin, huh?
Say it ain't zo-zo.
And don't forget, let's go Spurs.
Just mention that for one more game tomorrow.
And then we can shut all those up.
And you notice that we hear from one New Yorker today?
No.
No.
One New York sports fan?
No.
No.
Thank God for that.
Thank you, Mrs. Robinson and David Robinson too.
Don't you play for San Antonio?
Oh, thank God.
See, I don't pay any attention, but I saw him on three-zobotic p-tongue.
And he looks almost human too, not quite.
For the sake of my dignity, the future is waiting for my death for starter sale.
We stay in school, don't go out on your own.
The whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home.
Search all around, but you won't see a seat in the boat with a D.E.B.
For nothing compares to the marvelous feeling of making butter patties stick to the ceiling.
Smoke it in the bathroom, making out a novel.
We're hitting the fat kid with a speeding dodge ball.
Yeah, I remember the head point.
A throw a paper wand with a fire alarm, blow up the toilet with a cherry fond of dizzic of frog in biology's class.
Find yourself a nerd and went to his aunt.
Welcome.
What do you be a hit in chemistry when you make a class of patch of hell and disease?
Start up who tried to milk out your nose or when you go to school with anything goes.
Stay in school, don't go out on your own.
There's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home.
Search all around, but you won't see a seat in the boat with a D.E.B.
Search all around, but you won't see a seat in the boat with a D.E.B.
All right, it's soft at the 8.560 WQM.
It's eight minutes to go to the lead pregame show and look where everybody went.
They're already bailed out.
Honey, you like that? You like it? No, I don't.
One call left in the board.
We've been smoking here all week long.
We've been smoking a good stuff.
And now because we're coming up on a ballgame, they have backed us into a goddamn corner.
Thanks a lot, Greg.
Thank you, John Henry. You're killing us.
You think I'm killing you? You're killing us.
You're destroying us.
Wait till you see Hank's numbers for this afternoon.
He's going to all point.
There'll be an up there. There'll be an up mine in the column.
That was a lot of balls.
We can sit shitty for a week for what they're going to do to show this afternoon.
At least I only get like one hour.
God. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know that you're not supposed to use the Lord's name and fame.
Yeah, okay.
Okay, pal. Whatever you say.
Damn it, God.
Here's Pompano. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Another one was a little on those picking Julio's. Yes, sir.
Got a spy report for you on the Donnie B.Pray game show the other day.
Yes.
He played the...
Nobody does it better owed to Chris Moore.
For about 10 minutes and he had him on the radio telling him how great he was.
You have to be kidding me.
Oh, sir.
Our Donnie B.S.A. Chris Moore's...
You have to be joking me.
The word played by a play broadcaster in the history of the National Hockey League,
maybe in the history of all professional sports, and Donnie Z.B.Kitt is asked.
Yeah, and he had him on there and he was sucking on him.
And he was talking about Chris Moore just signed with the SPN radio.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, well, he's an at-something. So, Tony Bruno, that's a big deal.
Yeah, and he's going to go to Lafingh, Hyena School there.
Oh. I just think...
Donnie B.Kitt...
I mean, what's the point? He's already gone. Can't they go here? What's the problem?
How great he was. It was...
It was just... You know, my radio was dripping spoon.
I can't... I just can't believe this.
I'm just speechless. I thought Donnie B. was like some kind of a brain.
No, and not only that, but he had a pre-prepared tape segment with...
Nobody does it better than you. And you hear Chris Moore going,
right, I can't go.
Oh, no!
Yeah, and...
Oh, my God.
Oh!
I hope you finished with your lunch before I told you this.
Oh, yeah, but it's making a comeback now.
Well, I just... I need to...
Jesus Christ and Joseph, God, damn it.
Oh, that's right. Not supposed to take Joseph's name in there.
So every time the Marlon game comes on and...
And, you know, you've been touting Donnie B.
You've been doing...
What do you mean I've been touting Donnie B?
I see him in the morning. He's in there. He'd never stole a freight train.
He's not a bad guy. At least I never thought till today.
I don't know him from Adam. I have it at 15 words with this guy.
I've been touting him for what?
All I do is say he's going to be on. He's on the schedule here.
That's what Donnie B gave you.
You've given the Donnie J. You know, you've talked about that.
That means I'm talking him up.
Because I'm making a fun of the fact he don't want it to be called Donnie.
So it's like Donnie Z. B. Whatever the hell is his name is today?
I don't know. All I know is now that I can't stand him after you told me that.
Well, it's the gospel truth.
I mean, the guy's been gone for months now since the end of the season.
Why not let bad garbage drift off into back to Jersey where it came from?
Oh, I know. I mean, it went on and on.
Oh, like this call.
See ya.
God. Do you believe that?
Do you believe that Donnie B sucked up to Christy anymore?
I mean, what kind of a moron would do that?
Boy, whatever little respect I had, is he going to, oh, no, I wonder he's not going to be under that?
I think he's been suspended for too much suction, okay?
That's why Josh Dero is on after the game today and then Jim Maydog.
Yeah!
Mandage at six.
I think Donnie Z. B. has been suspended from the Marlon activities for too much heavy duty sucking.
A little sucking, that's okay, but too much sucking. It's not good.
Not good.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh, Neil. This is a Floridian floor foot pusher.
And the problem is when I leave the bathroom, I don't want to grab the handle and pull it to walk out the door.
What does that mean?
In other words, the door to leave the bathroom area.
You know, when you go out into the hallway, the hallway door always...
I got a real good idea. Why don't you do this? Why don't you like moisten your hands and get the soap on them and then take some towels and then open the door up and then on the outside,
like finish the job.
We'll open your hands off you.
Yeah, well, they should make it a help gun where you can just like put your shoulder against the wall and then just push the door open.
Right.
You know, so you could leave it up.
Oh, they could just have an automatic door opener. How's that?
There you go.
Automatic flushers, automatic door openers, automatic hands to take your...
You have to pay everything and automatic wipe your ass.
Right, that's good.
It's called a good day, right?
Okay, and have a good day.
And did you hear that call about Donnie B. Sucking Chris Moore's answers? Is that a true story?
We better check that out. If I find out that's true, I mean, I am not that he cares what I think of him, but my God, he's dropped 400 notches already.
Even in Mississippi, they never saw a notches like that.
God.
Well, what would be the point? Is he coming back here?
No.
Do we owe him anything?
No.
Do we need to lie to him?
No.
Do I ever concert about our credibility?
No.
Obviously not. Obviously Donnie Z. B. Aint concert about his credibility. Of course he works on QAN.
So I worked my case.
But you take a guy who did the worst job, a guy who is just despised by virtually everyone, a guy who is a sour ass, a guy who went at Frumpy.
Do you ever see him walk up the up and down the stairs at the old arena?
Kind of like that Frumpy Slouch.
He had the look of a loser, the sound of a loser, the ambiance of a loser, the attitude of a loser.
Oh, that Neil Rogers, he's never going to be on QAN.
Yeah, right. He sure knew his crap, didn't he?
And I bet you he didn't even wipe after he used to say those things.
Speel out a gigantic pile of all over the airways and still never wiped it.
Right.
So I was going Donnie B. Of course I forget.
See, I don't understand this rater states.
Anybody who ever worked here was a great talent.
Like who's the one that, oh yeah, Bob was choosing.
That's one of Hank's always kissing his ass.
Bob was choosing.
Bob was choosing.
You know something I've taken, Bob movement, I had more talent than Bob was choosing.
Not to mention of course that.
Here's the gacking sucks, okay?
Okay. Yeah, that too.
What?
Now it was just a minute.
You told me on 0442 on my clock, it's 10426 now.
I'm going by the time you gave me and if it turns out to be wrong, it's going to be your little skinny ass.
It's going to have the problem.
Well, do you wipe it or not?
So everybody get ready, put your foot on the goddamn handle and it's time for the Marlon's pregame show and God are we depressed about this and glad to be going home, huh?
Sunneel Roger Show on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
