I feel right here, guy
Sakura
You all like that. It goes right out
You think I want to copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for writing little songs about
My brains are gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which part is good
I'm gonna fart on it Dr. Dre ass. You don't man. You passed this
Yeah, I know. What do I smell ass?
Man you low-plat. Well, since age 12 it seemed like I always smell that hot dripping gases and juice and was pretty swell
I got this off when I took my jeans off and bought it so hard into my underwear backwards like Chris Carl
And every night I'm like oh dinner class and put out my ass fast and I'm fat. They two ain't too fat
Smell this honey. Yo, wait a minute. That girl, huh? I don't give a god's happy to think the world up
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it
I just want to me kick out back in junior high said the problem was something
Proled up my ass and died. I shot him in the face with my vapor. The worst happened later when I covered his desk
He was toilet paper walking the strip club my testers will fill the
Moons of bartending took a dump at a tip girl went over to a dancer had a fucking a guard
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father
I
Was
My mom
I told her I broke up to be a famous rapper
They were acting about strange noises made on the crap
You know you was dirt when the women rush to leave
Ones of back but she but he didn't
The sky wash out
Pretty cool when I had to go go drop the kids off and
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it
I think that's gonna be the deal tonight with the NPPV 16th annual video music awards that's gonna be it
My ain't it gonna be gigantic back though humongous
Anyway, it's 10 on three. I tell you won't think it better be a damn good show because man you have never in your life seen any
Such self promoting going on and on and on the likes of which like
Everybody wants to do the thing. Oh God save us from ourselves. Okay, by the way, here's a great facts
From some real good people some real broadcasters over at Nova Southeastern University. We've got better equipment than we've got by the way
It says hope all as well on the PR director for Nova Southeastern University's radio x88.5 FM just wanted to thank
You for mentioning us on the air Wednesday. We've gotten a lot of positive response from it. Oh, how do you like that?
And that's got an obligatory sucking around thing which I'll spirit they're reading that and it goes on to say I wish I could send you a ton of cool radio x stuff
But alas we are non-commercial and have no budget for such things
Well, guess what Jen this is Jen virtual PR director. We're commercial and we also have no budget for any such thing and we have no budget for anything
So do we have any t-shirts? Oh, I mean if you want to in fact set us 30 or 40 bucks maybe we'll send you a cap a Q amp cap, okay?
So thank you Jen virtual PR director and keep kicking some serious ass on
Radio x88.57 pm to 7 a.m. Which is pipe or high KPX 7 a.m. The 7 p.m
Best music in town by a long shot. You know, I want to just go out of my way to say this but the music in power 96 really blows
I mean they really suck. You know, I mean there's some nice people over there, but God your music is just I mean
The you can't complain about the music programmers in this town on FM because there aren't any just the absolute worst crap
You could ever possibly hear in your life
God, how is it possible?
That a high school station and a college station to be playing better music by far by a million zillion miles
Then the so-called commercial stations that we got on a radio here
And you think with queer channel and he's you know four or five companies being allowed by the FCC
Being encouraged by the FCC to buy up every guy at the M station America
You think that just by osmosis. They don't enough different frequencies in the same market
They take one of them and puts up a good on there, right? No, no
Like like 103.5, you know like after they put your left sheet and
And they put that garbage on there that the female or yet, what about the how did they call it planet?
It was out of this world our right man. It's on Uranus the planet
For that little now they got that new format on there, which what do they call that they have a name for it besides crap
That's it crap
Would they play like Gloria Estefan music over and over again all day everything you were tired of never one ever
Everything that nobody in their right mind would ever want to hear again. That's what they got on a nice cool and David Ross
You're a real rocket science, baby a
Real one whatever an asshole. I think is the word I was looking for God
Man, oh man left. So we got the MTV show tonight and you buddy gonna be watching that
You bet after all this hype it better be good. It probably won't not really a good show anyway
Unless you want to see something you have to wait for like four and a half hours to see something maybe a little bit taste
What's happening somebody to say crap or somebody's boob to fall out?
Maybe if you're lucky Mariah carry the big one will pop out you know what I'm saying the
Yeah, she's got that one big one lefty when you see she unlike Brittany who you know evidently daddy put up the books
Mariah had the operation way back in the beginnings of her career when she was just a schlepper so she could only afford the one
Now she's gonna maybe work on the other one
So he's got that her left let's see that's the left breast is gigantic enormous at least twice the size
Oh, and by the way Jennifer Lopez
Not only is she skanky looking she does have a great ass. Well, I'll admit to that. She's got a big rectum
But she has got no it's at all
No the small raisinets she's got a pair of the smallest it's I've ever seen in my life
So he's got a scabby looking face she can't sing for crap. She got a great ass
And that's about it and she's a weekend to tap it all off
Oh, well, this is the year for the weekends. You got a rookie Martin
That's our pull quest today who's got the better boobs about Ricky Martin or Jennifer Lopez
Who's got the better remake job
Huh all these people that have been made over over and over it's one thing to get up the over it's another thing to get made over
Speaking to getting knocked over
We got all kinds of stuff today man
We got just millions and millions and then then of course we got the great American
Get out again
Comes to find out the story from two days ago
Dead meant to kill son five police say I say put him in the electric cheer right on channel seven news and five this afternoon
With Rick Sanchez pulling the switch and hop it up and down the hyperventilating as he does it
Oh, I'd buy the way also today is a 999 to the world coming to an end yet. No, but I will tell you this
Another one of these hysteria. Oh, and you'll notice that the summer came and went
It's almost over officially without those two why two came movies
You think maybe a little common sense finally prevail and somebody said you better this is not a really good idea
You better not put this crap out because knowing human nature and what panic people people are in this country
You're better not start all this crap
Like maybe somebody on Wall Street might have suggested that like it's not a real good idea, okay?
And so the fact that there wasn't only one there were gonna be two why two K hysteria spreading movies this summer
Did either one appear no thank god
So anyway stevens
Celeste and grabbed his young son and raged at his wife and told him to move out
Pointed a 40 caliber block handgun at the child's chest and pull the trigger police of yesterday
The boys mother and her friend watched in horror to the night as the child were shot before their eye
The told police Celeste and deliberately killed his five-year-old son and said wow, he did it to us bite the abitch that'll learn her
Yeah, that'll teach her
Oh, man, I'm telling you we've got more trash making babies in this country. It's just unbelievable
I got a whole a whole bunch of these stories just from one day
Crazy people with guns. I mean, it's not bad enough that we don't have forced their realization
Which is I've fully for years is the is the real answer
But we got crazy people trash with guns running around see I'll say this right off the bat at the at the risk of being accused of being
a bigot
People of color should not be allowed to have guns and certainly
Hispanic should not be allowed to have guns because first of all the poor we can got to switch plates
But Hispanics are much too hot blooded. You know what I'm saying you catch my grip. Yeah
So those two categories should definitely not be allowed to have any kind of guns
No way
Okay, to be continued nine minutes after ten and five sixty wqn
Oh
You put your that's what it now
You take your that first house
You do
If you
The
time
I
Here
Doin' the hokey, hokey.
All right.
I hit you two while sad.
Doin' the hokey, hokey.
Change your hock, sounds, sounds.
I'm doing the hokey, hokey.
All right.
I'm doing the hokey, hokey.
I'm doing the hokey, hokey.
Tested 2560 W2M, and the Pound Shop continues.
And the only reason that a lot of us are very excited about this, those who watch MTV
a lot, is that after today we get the crap off the bottom right hand in the corner of
the screen.
God, they're not only does it have the 999, but they're counting down the minutes and
the hours and the seconds, and it's like, man, it better be damn good, I'll take it
ahead.
Here's Pember Pines, hello.
Leo.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Hey, I agree with you on that bull crap about this guy killing his son.
If he said he did, he needs to die today.
Yeah.
Why should we have a trial and waste our money on this guy?
Exactly.
It happens all the time.
Just like the kid that killed the two old people in Pember Park.
You see, we got all this crap about hate crimes that people want to have more laws
about hate crimes against minorities.
How about crimes against children, huh?
Exactly.
I say anybody that kills the kid, they should be, let's just have a banana republic kind
of a trial.
We'll just have a kangaroo court, and we'll be frying on TV on Channel 7 News.
Exactly.
Put him on Fox.
Hey, okay, call somebody to do your bag.
Go ahead.
Now you're a big fat douchebag.
Okay.
Thanks, Leo.
I'm not a rich Santa Ricky Tiki.
Okay, Tom, I'll help him pull the goddamn switch.
That's what we need is kangaroo court.
Let's have lynch bob for people that kill little kids and rape little kids and molest
that abuse little kids.
Because in this country, there's nobody to stand up for little kids.
Nobody gives a crap about little kids.
Here's a great story.
Out of Chicago, woman gambler gets 21 year term.
I hope Ed Kaplan's listening to this.
Chicago, a woman was sentenced to 21 years in prison on Wednesday for suffocating her
seven week old daughter to get $200,000 in insurance money so she could gamble on river
boats.
How do you like that?
Huh?
I mean, these stories are hysterically funny if they weren't true.
It's like something Tom Green would make up.
Federal prosecutors said they were stunned that Dina Abdelhawk and admitted gambling
addict did not get the maximum sentence of 35 years.
She only gets 21 years, which will probably get out in just a few, you know?
She was convicted in February of insurance fraud for deliberately suffocating her daughter
and trying to pass off the cause as sudden infidets syndrome.
Her sentence in craft and emotional hearing at which Alba Cox's mother twice left out
of her seat and shouted at her the judge and prosecutors Alba Hawk 35, cheerfully denied
killing her daughter.
21 years.
She suffocates the little kid to death, the defenseless little kid so she can get money
to punch your brains out on account of gambling boats and by the way, no, I'm not going to
block see Mrs. Cippy, okay?
And if that makes you unhappy, too fucking bad.
That's my comment about that, too stinking bad.
And right next to that story, by the way, here's another better one.
Couple accused of leaving toddler and their pictures of the dark, complex and coupled
by the way.
Boy left to die in woods, police say little rock Arkansas.
A couple were accused on Wednesday of leaving their 18 month old son to die in the wilderness
and are also suspected of tossing his two and a half year old brother to his death in a
lake.
The mother and told police in June that the children had been kidnapped by their father last
week, however, the father told police that the couple abandoned their children in the
ravine and upon.
You know where this all started?
We didn't start there, but I mean one of the places where it started was that Susan Smith
craft up there in a Carolinas.
And they convicted this bitch who also made up a story about some black guy who allegedly
kidnapped her kid and come to find out that she drowned the kids in the car because
they were getting in the way of her romance with her trailer trash, your boyfriend who
wasn't interested in her anyway.
He was the rich guy in town.
That's why she wanted him.
And by the way, Susan Smith, I hate to break news to you, but if I would have been married
like you to any guy that looked as good as he did.
He was a little bit dumb, but nevertheless pretty good.
Remember him?
He was pretty not bad for her.
He was great.
I would have kissed his feet and ankles if he came home showed up at night, but no,
he wasn't good enough for her.
She had to go screw it around.
And so anyway, the convicted ranch and the people of that community up there say, oh,
well, we grew up with Susan.
We couldn't ask for the death penalty.
We just give her life in prison.
After she drowned her two kids in the back of the car, I mean, just stop and think of
those little kids in that car going down in the goddamn water.
Okay, stop and think about that.
Two little kids locked in the back of the car suffocating drowning in that car.
And here in America, this bitch doesn't get the death penalty.
And we got bleeding heart assholes out there screaming about, oh, it's barbaric.
Yeah, right.
When are you going to start doing something to take care of little kids?
That's what I would like to know.
And speaking of that, how about this story?
There's eight million horror stories in the Nick and Sue.
They got teacher is charged with sexual battery.
Did you see this about now?
This is a male teacher on two 17 year old girls.
And isn't it going to be interesting to see the different reaction we have to this
story as opposed to the 40 year old broad teacher that was the didlin the kid when he was 13
and 14 years old?
All right.
Nice going, junior.
Good going.
That's a real macho boy.
That's my boy.
But Matthew J. Herman 29 was taught at Chowk Broward High School for the last four years
was charged by Hollywood police after two 17 year old girls made separate complaints
against him.
The girls claims against Herman stem from two days in March wondering a field trip on
March 5th, the other supposedly on March 9th in Herman's orifice.
Police say during the field trip Herman pulled his pants down on two occasions exposing
himself to one of the girls.
On March 9th, the other girls said Herman and she were alone in his orifice when she pulled
her shirt when he pulled her shirt up and told her he wanted to kiss her belly button
ring.
Well, maybe she shouldn't have been wearing a belly button ring, you know.
Turf off.
He's 29.
These girls are 17.
And I'm not defending what you get because like I said last couple of weeks ago and I'll
say it again, teachers have got no business having sex with students of any kind way,
shape or form.
No matter how much you match your guys out there, think it was really great that when you were
13 and 14 or maybe you had a dream that you were screwing your 40 year old teacher, okay.
I probably had a dream.
Wrong.
Absolutely.
Totally unacceptable.
Not any different from the family priest having sex with your kid, which by the way,
speaking of that, here's more good news.
You know, this priest is Reverend Senece, the one that's got big, big problems with his
neighbor saying that he was stalking and sexually harassing him.
Well, come to find out as is usually the case, usually is the case because they like to sweep
these things out of the goddamn furry rug.
There's no fact in the church priest had been accused before reports show.
Police are wrapping up their investigation of both complaints against the Reverend Joseph
Senece, the one earlier and now, of course, the new one.
A year before accusations of sexual impropriety that forced the Reverend Joseph Senece to resign
last month, a man filed a report with Fort Lauderdale police alleging detailing much more
serious allegations against the priest.
The man now 32 told police in July of 98 that when he was between 12 and 15 years old,
Senece had sexual contact with him about 100 times.
There's no fact in the church.
100 times.
Police didn't investigate the case and filed a desecisive, suspicious incident because
it had happened so long ago that the statute of limitations had run out.
Said Mike Reed's books and for Fort Lauderdale police.
Unfortunately, in this case, there was such a delay in reporting.
The only thing we could do is keep it in our records in case something else popped up.
Reed said on August 2nd, as you might know, a complaint was filed with police accusing
Senece of stalking and sexually harassing a man who lived next to St. Jerome Parish in
Fort Lauderdale, where Senece been missed during April 98.
And it goes on and on and on and what happens is always happens.
The church finds out about it and they sweep it under the carpet and they move these
guys around, these pedophiles that keep moving them around from one place to another place.
Let them go unless somebody else is children.
Forgive not of this neighborhood.
We'll get the heat off our backs.
That's the way it works.
So once again, like I said, nobody cares about your kids.
Nobody gives a crap in a murk about protecting the kids and everybody's crazy person's got
a gun.
That's the murk in F and Way.
And we got all these lunatics, this gun lobby here.
Oh, there's nothing wrong with guns.
I got an article here, man, that I cut out when I was on a plane going on vacation from
USA today.
Canada makes the case that gun restrictions work.
This is the greatest thing I've ever read in my life.
Very, very simple.
Lays it right out there for you right in red.
Red is in blood red, right in front of your post, which I'll read this in a little while.
Which I'm sure I'll have plenty of time to do.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I wanted to talk, but you were just talking, hitting on the point about gun restrictions.
You know, it's about time we really get stricter with our laws about guns because this is
just disgusting.
I mean, it's made gun restrictions.
You think that guy that shot his kid would have been allowed to have a gun?
I'm sure he has some prior record or some sort.
I mean, stuff like that could be avoided.
Yeah.
And it's just, we need stricter gun laws.
There's no reason for all these nut jobs.
There are no reason for anybody to run around with hand guns.
There is no reason, unless, unless they're like a security guard or has some kind of an
occupational thing and they've got a special license to carry it other than that, there
is no reason for people to be packing the meat.
What really catches me off is how the NRA and a lot of gun nut use, oh, it's your right
to have a gun.
I can bear arms.
I have to do, you know, I have to do this.
Yeah, bear it.
It's like it's in the second amendment, but you see, these people are so inger and so stupid
that they don't realize the second amendment wasn't made for every idiot.
Yeah, we don't know that.
It had to do with a militia.
We understand that, but you know, something you'll never, this is a hopeless
discussion because it's never going to change.
It's so ingrained that they've got so much power, they've got all the politicians in
their pocket, it's never going to change.
People are really, really starting to, they're not.
Even after what happened in Little's and Colorado, no matter how many of these episodes
we have, people are not starting to get up in arms.
They showed a couple of weeks ago, they showed the pull about the issues that people are
worked up about.
Gun control is way down there on the list.
That's a shame.
That's America for you, man.
That's the Wild West mentality.
All right.
All right, Neil.
OK, good luck, pal.
Later.
OK, get yourself a nice, let's move back to the holidays.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line, which used to be also the mobile one line,
but isn't anymore because mobile one has got problems.
Some of you probably know, but that's the way it goes.
That's the way it goes in the competitive world of whatever it is.
So like I said, pound 5, 60 on the line.
I'm making sense for Neil Robb's season to his out.
Join the ANR-A2 star gun today.
Have yourself come down on Christian fun.
Oh, right.
Well, your friends away will back you all the way.
You're spending your life you own a gun.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting, life will be sweeter.
When you pass your heater, you carry a license to be deadly.
Come on and die today.
You see a merry win way to be a member of the ANR-A.
Here.
ANR-A4, the AC.
ANR-A4, the chat.
And always ANR-A4, the head.
In case they're wearing a mask.
Charging your skills.
You feel more comfortable seeing that you suspend your life you own a gun.
Come on and die today.
And you'll be proud to say your a member of the ANR-A.
One more.
Come on.
1031 at 560 WQM.
Canada makes the case that gun restrictions work.
Says Paul G. Labadi in USA today.
Tuesday, August 31.
On the op-ed page, Paul Labadi is a freelance writer living in Lincoln Park, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit.
He says, I was crossing the bridge that spans the half mile of the Detroit River, a physical buffer separating Detroit from Windsor, Ontario.
The lineup at the Canadian Customs checkpoint was unusually long.
Inching forward, I finally arrived at the Customs agents booth.
Citizen Chippie asks, United States, I reply.
Are there any firearms in the vehicle around your person? No.
The Customs agents shine a flashlight behind the seats as he circled my car.
You're sure no long guns, handguns, shotguns? No, none.
No ammunition bullets? None, I reply.
After a search of my truck and a last looking over, he waved me through.
I later found out the reason for the guards' concerns someone had been caught with a gun in Windsor.
In Canada, that's all it takes.
It's strict policies on gun ownership are strongly enforced and get progressively tougher and even more stringent laws set to go to effect in the year 2001.
To argue against the results of their efforts would be foolhardy as their statistics are too impressive.
Now listen to this, listen very carefully to these numbers.
In 1997 Detroit had 354 firearm homicides. Windsor a thousand yards away had only four.
Even taking into account the population difference, Windsor's population is about a fifth of Detroit's.
The comparison is still staggering.
So that means if you're up there four to 20, it's 354 to 20.
And as of July with Detroit opening its first casino, both cities have legalized gambling.
It'll be elementary for gamblers to calculate on which side of the river the better odds lie reaching your car into parking lot unscathed.
For many Americans, the Canadian solution of handgun, band and restrictions is at the least unpalatable and at the most unconstitutional.
Instead of dealing with a situation directly and restricting civilian ownership of handguns, it's become fashionable to pick the group of one's choice and point the GQ's Tory finger,
the NRA, profiteering gun manufacturers, absentee parents, genetically flawed children, paranoid gun owners, lazy teachers, a fast and loose legal system and a society of victims.
A multiple choice public indictment of blame in which since everyone is at fault, nobody's accountable.
The recent school shootings in Colorado and Georgia have many laying blame on the media, pointed television and movies that glorify violence and gunplay,
and music that's designed to incite a riot of anger, resentment and sarcasm in youths who are barely off their training wheels.
But if these mediums are to blame, then how do the use of Windsor have such immunity?
They watch the same TV stations, go to the same movies, listen to the same music as Detroit kids, and yet they have a juvenile crime rate that is a fraction of Detroit's.
The lack of availability of handguns is certainly a playing a role.
According to the Office of juvenile justice in the United States between 1983 and 1993, juvenile homicides involving firearms grew 182%.
By contrast, only 15% increase was seen among homicides involving other types of weapons in the US from 1985 to 1995, 52% of all homicides involved handguns compared with 14% for Canada.
Canada's willingness to accept gun restrictions might rise from its history.
The settlement of Canada's wild west was far different from the settlement of the United States, in Canada when it wherever settlers moved west, law and order was already in place in the form of the Hudson Bay Company.
From that spawned a culture that was more structured, less creative, less violent, and more likely to look to establish authorities for the settlement of disputes.
In the United States, however, as the settlers moved west, they found virtually no law existed, causing them to take matters into their own hands.
Thus, a culture was spawned that was more independent, more creative, more violent, and more likely to settle disputes themselves.
And when an abundance of numerous and easily available firearms are factored in, the results can be bloody.
According to statistics, Canadians in Canada in 1997 had 193 homicides by firearms. That's the whole country, 193. The United States had 12,380.
It's hard to change a culture, but clearly the easy access to firearms has to be addressed before we can expect any significant drop in our homicide rate.
I used to be a member of the National Rifle Association. I had the logo on my car, was skilled in the party in thrust and the peri-intrust of debates, and was saturated with persuasive data from this organization, which covered statistics more than Major League Baseball.
I'm not a member anymore, not because of any complete radical shift in beliefs, and more from a weariness, a battle fatigue of being caught in the No Man's Land among the immutable NRA, the anti-gun lobby, and the evening news, lately filled with terrified school children, emergency response crews, and black clad swap teams.
Perhaps the time has come to lose our Wild West roots, and at least look at to put some of the same restrictions in our guns that we put on our automobiles and the family dog licensing and registration.
On my way back to Detroit, I stopped at the American Customs booth. I faced the US Customs agent. Citizenship he asks, United States I reply, he waves his hand to pass me on.
And I couldn't help but wonder whether the next student's getting diplomas would be the Class of 2000 or the Class of 357.
What a great article in USA Today August 31. Right on target.
354 homicides in Detroit, fire our homicides in 1997, four in Windsor, and if you've ever been there, if you've lived there like I have, Windsor is right across the Ambassador Bridge, right across the tunnel.
You can throw a rock from one side across the Detroit River to the other side.
They're watching like he says the same TV shows, playing the same video games, the same movies, listen to the same goddamn music, and they're not blowing each other away like life is meaningless.
How do you explain that all you gun squeezers out there? How do you explain that? Who's the scapegoat now?
Except you crazy people that have turned us into a goddamn slaughterhouse. And none of you people care.
Everybody thought a lot of that little thing and it was right there on television live and we all walked it and they rung their hands and we went on for weeks and weeks and months of gnashing of teeth and then we had to have the coverage of them going back to school.
Everybody thought, oh, well, if anything's ever going to do it, that's going to do it. The people really be pissed off. Are they pissed off? No. They give a rat say? No.
Life is as cheap in this country as water out of the faucet. It's meaningless. Like stepping out of an anvil. That's how much value human life is gone.
You know, like I said yesterday, punch out those babies, punch out those babies. And if they're getting away, well, drown them, suffocate them, throw them in the woods, throw them in the lake, blow their brains out.
That'll teach him. He won't do that again. These are not the acts of civilized sane people. These are the acts of crazy barbaric people. Civilized people don't do these things and you folks say you're so guided, you used to it. You don't care.
Maybe that punk will call me again. Oh, yeah, was you go back to Amsterdam? Did I see anybody get shot while I was there? Did I see a gun? I hear a gun shot. Did I read a story about anybody getting shot? No, no, no, no.
No, no, no. No, no. That was only 10 days. Can you imagine 10 days here? When's the last time we went through 10 days here in South Florida? Forget about the rest of the country. Just here in South Florida. When's the last time we went through 10 days without somebody getting blown away?
Anybody remember 10 day period? No, no. I bet you if you checked with law enforcement in South Florida and Dayton Broward, forget about Palm Beach, just Dayton Broward, they couldn't give you a 10 day period in the last 10 years when there wasn't at least one homicide.
Thank you. 21 before 11 at 560 WQM, you know, 1043 at 560 WQM. So I go through, I folded that thing up and I put it in my suitcase.
And made sure to say because I read it on the plane going on vacation and I come back and I read it and take a look at this response.
Yeah, you know, this is the third straight day here, the third day in the row and I'm convinced to be on the shadow of a doubt. The need arrived your show on this radio station. It's over, baby. It's history. There's not one call on the board here.
Is the transmitter on? Do we have any ideas to transmitter on here? Is this a, are we functioning here? Is this just a joke?
I mean, this is just on, this unbelievable, even I can't believe this.
What's the point? What's the point? I'm going to sit here for the next three years coming in every day to collect a paycheck, batting my head against the wall, trying to force feed people to call and make a, and have an opinion about anything.
Can't do it, baby. Can't I do it? Will not do it. Will not do it.
This town is butcheryous. You people are unbelievable. That's one thing to be indifferent, but it's another thing to be a professional ostrich. Your heads are very so deep in the fricking sand. It's terrifying to me.
There is nothing that can move these goddamn people. Everything with em is a game. Everything that with em is just killing a little time. That's why most people came here, okay? Just to ride out the rest of their pathetic little lives.
And here I am facing three more years of this. You've got to be nuts if you think I'm going to do this for three more years after these last two days and other first hour here today.
If this was any kind of a place with any kind of living and breathing people and thinking people with all the folks that we allegedly have listening, according to all this bogus research.
Any one of the things that I brought up here this morning, we have a zillion people on their way to talk about it with something to say, but not here, not in Lala land. What do you think about the Adolfan chances?
What do you think about that? Tell a whole you fight. Yeah, I heard that crap yesterday on the way home. I heard that garbage. And believe me garbage would be a compliment.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello.
Cavity shirt. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
How you doing, Neil?
What can I do for you, sir?
Nothing. I was just listening to you about the guns and stuff like that. I'm a fisherman. I go out of fishing.
I guess you could possibly think that when fishing people like the fish down there have to predators and prey. I guess the people with the guns are the predators and the other people that are leading with normal life are the prey.
I don't know. I don't see too many people getting murdered with treble hooks though lately.
No. No.
Okay.
Okay. Be sure and watch where you stick your worm. 5.670560, pound 560 on the mobile line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yes. Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir. I haven't caught a whole lot of this morning, but I did hear you talking about the violence and what have you. What would be your proposal?
What do we do to end this kind of violence?
What do we do?
Take the guns away.
Take away all of these guns. Take away Saturday night specials. Take away all these assault weapons.
And unless somebody has got a permit to carry guns. Take a look at what they're doing in Canada and other civilized countries and make it extremely difficult for anybody to have a firearm. That's what we do.
Well, they did that in England. They took away just about everything and violence. Violent crime in England has tripled since they've done it.
Yeah. And what about in Canada, which is a lot closer to England?
And I think a point. Did you hear the article I just got through reading my NRA friend or not?
No, I didn't. No. What happened in Canada?
5.670560, pound 560 on the mobile line. Here's Lauderdale. Hello.
Oh, Neil. How's it going?
Okay. Great to hear you.
I mean, I just got through reading the article five minutes ago. So this guy, he hasn't even been listening long enough to get the gist of it.
But all he heard me say was some anti-gun line and right away he's calling it with his gun in NRA propaganda. He's probably got his leaflet out right now. Get ready to read from it.
That's what I'm just going to hit on, Neil, that looks like that guy's getting his information from the NRA instead of from the real facts.
Because in England, just like many other free nations in Europe and Canada are infractious. One thing he didn't mention is that hunting is legal and so a hunting rifle. Nobody's going to take that away from you.
You don't want to go hunting, that's fine. But that's in England and Canada and other places from handguns are not just less. They're significantly less than anywhere in the United States.
And that's one thing when you were talking about it before you didn't mention is that nobody's going to take for your hunting rifle.
The AK-47 and the 7-9 specials that they'll take away.
Yeah. And let me ask you this here. How many people need to have hunting rifles to survive in this country? How many people are living in a wilderness and need to go out and hunt down dinner?
Not many of them. They're a little bit for sport and sometimes you know, it can be like that's great.
But like I could see how they would want to have a hunting rifle.
Well you know something I can see how a lot of people want to have a lot of things. But the most important thing is that civilized people should want to live in a country where other people aren't going to blow their crap away.
Okay, sir. That's very simple. There's nothing convoluted about it. There's nothing complicated about it.
People who are civilized who value their own lives don't want to live in a country where every crazy person can run around with a gun.
Whether it's a rifle, a handgun, an oozie, this has got to stop. This is madness. And you're merely mouthing around.
They need by the moon, but about. Yeah. They want to have. Well you know something tough crap. There's a lot of things I want to have too and I'm not going to have them.
What I'd love to have is a civilized society of people who have some value on human life.
And especially people who can't defend themselves like old people and like little kids who are getting blown away every single day and you don't care.
It's a big, big, big joke. Can I have a t-shirt? And that guy still squeezed himself out there.
Probably ought to send him the t-shirt so we can wipe himself off with it. He squeezed himself so hard.
Very funny pal. Really amusing.
That's why this is Lala land. That's why this place. Everybody laughs at this place.
Like that thing with a pan-American games. There's a letter to the editor in the paper this morning. I wouldn't even waste my time reading it on here. It's so pathetic. It's so typical from some professional Cuban.
About all we should have had the games here. So then when all these Cuban athletes defect, then we can have them here.
We have to be more careful, more clever. There has to be a method to our madness.
Not because it would be good for the community and for the economy to have the pan-an game and not for this to be a censor written by an atom of republic. Not for that reason, no.
But for some other psychotic selfish reason.
Here's a mobile-informed Myers. Hello.
Is this the port Myers? Yes, sir. I'm sorry. I'm going through a toll booth right now.
I am so depressed listening to you read these articles and talk about people killing their babies.
This is unbelievable. And people think guns are good in this country and we should be able to get guns that should be nearly impossible for the average guy to get a gun.
I don't care if they got charged someone $10,000 and they have a psychological profile done to each idiot trying to get one.
I should not be able to walk into Kmart and buy a shotgun shell, box of shotgun shells and shotgun and walk out and go pick my target.
I'm sick of it. I'm sick of people killing babies, raising babies, having babies and no one's doing anything about it.
People should be killed. If you kill a baby, soon as this should be dead. I knew when those babies, when those kids died, if you know somebody who's got that tape of her that got news, you know, she's out on the news talking about losing her babies, she smiled.
She's smirked and I said to her, I told my wife right there, I said that crazy bitch killed her babies. And this is insane. She's alive, she's sucking up money and they're in the top there.
To keep these kids alive too. I'm sick of it. It's a bunch of crap. I don't know what to do. I don't know how to make it harder for some jackass to walk into Kmart and buy a rifle.
I don't know how to do that. But I know one thing. Any asshole out there that you can just be able to walk in and buy a gun, go shoot a thousand. You know what? You can kiss my ass.
I'm going to go into the country and go into the health. Yeah, yeah, let me kiss the fuzz and fuzz and fuzz and fuzz and you his ass.
Go on a bear with a buck knife, make it into even battle. Take the chance of dying yourself.
All right, you know, thanks for letting me out.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile line, whatever, I'm going to have to get in the habit of not saying that because you know what happened to mobile one.
I don't say that. Next thing you'll be saying wrong looking for a job at Waffin down the other end of the year.
You think that a guy like him that's basically just a figure eight ear gets paid for walking around basically doing nothing.
You think he'd be pretty happy, but evidently not. But who might have said just a rumor of course. Here's a mobile and cross brings. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
The problem of the country is everybody's greedy and they just don't give it down. If you go to Canada and you just walk on a street to Toronto, look how clean it is.
I can't you go to any other major city in the United States or most major cities in the United States and see the same thing.
They just don't give it down here. It's unfortunate, but everybody's gotten greedy.
It's clean. And you want more and more.
It's clean and it's safe. You can walk the streets in Toronto any time of the day or night.
Anytime. You can go take a subway any time of the night.
Right. Anywhere you need to go, but they just don't care here. It's just it's never going to change because the politicians are coming off.
How can people get upset with me when I tell them this is a horsecraft second rate country? How can they get upset with me about that?
I want to list them over the people are civilized because they can vent on you. If you would jet bush on the radio right now, they'd be calling up on you.
What a great person you are because it's all a bunch of crap that they're going to get something in the end.
Yeah, they're going to get something in the end though. Right.
Correct them. Exactly. Okay, pal. See you. God see the queen.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line mobile online. Here's North Miami. Hello. Miami. Yes, sir.
Neil, it's I'm a gun hugger and I'll tell you why. It's down on 79th Street back when you want IOD. Yeah.
The day after I left there, I don't know if you remember Landry's restaurant. What restaurant? Landries.
It used to be the next of the crap house there. Oh, yeah, sure. Yeah, they got knocked off. Two guys got thrown in the cooler gun point.
These guys are, you know, a week later a lady got shot at the bus stop. That's the bus stop that I used to go through every day.
I'm from Maine and Maine. We don't have to tow guns. We have guns. We don't go around shooting people.
I've gotten down here and me a lep and robbed three times since I've been down here. I've used.
I got on the metro rail. What's the difference between Maine and here? People don't go around shooting people. They're civilized.
And why is that? Do you think that there's a difference in the composition of the population in Maine and what we have here?
I think that you're damn skipping. I was down on the metro rail down by demanding the hero on the people move over there.
It's an overtown takedown. These guys told guns on me. If I hadn't, I'd state that I'd have done.
And there's got a certain link to it. I think people should be allowed to on themselves. I mean granted your story is awesome.
They did Troy across the line in Canada. But you know how are we going to keep guns out of the United States? They're already here.
No, I'm not saying that there's any answer for a purchase. Christ, you think people start getting pissed off about it?
I don't know. I want to be able to protect my interest in the last couple of days.
We had the three-year-old kid that got shot and killed on Sunday, I think it was. And then on Tuesday, we got the five-year-old boy to get shot by the father
because he's pissed off of the mother and he's going to show her a thing or two. I mean it goes on here every single day.
It doesn't hear. People got to be responsible. I'm all for a legislation name.
I'm a position for a lawyer until I came down here. And I came down here and I got robbed three times.
I'm going to be hugging my gun then. I'm going to be hugging it.
Well let me ask you. Do you have to have automatic weapons to defend yourself?
No, no. Well then why are the hell are people buying those things that gun shows still?
I agree with you. I think it should be a lot but don't take away the guns from the decent people.
I want to be able to protect myself.
Yeah, I understand what you're saying.
I've been robbed three times. I've been down here.
Over time. I've been here.
Five years. Five years. Three times in public places.
Yeah.
79th Street. Down by the Miami-Herald. I mean public places. I've been robbed three times.
No, no, never go by the hero. That's the worst place.
Damn skipping. All those dooners coming from work.
Damn skipping. Okay, hang in there. Okay, good luck here.
These remain damn skipping. Five, six, seven, oh five, six, you ever hit that before? Damn no.
I had a dog name. Skip. Well actually my mother had a dog name. Skip.
She hadn't put the sleeve. Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound five, six, eight, on a mobile line.
It's 10.56 at QAM.
Oh, now. Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by TLC.
Dr. Burnham?
A scrub is a guy that thinks he's blind. Also known as a fusta.
Always talking about what he wants and just fit them in broke ass.
So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine.
And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere. No, I don't want none of your time.
And no, I don't want no scrub.
A scrub is the guy that can't get no love for me.
Hang it out the passenger side of his best friend's ride. Tryin' a hola at me.
No scrub. No scrub. No, no.
No scrub. No, no, no, no, no.
No scrub. No, no, no.
No. No.
It's 11.15.50 W.
And that's another group, by the way, that better not get any awards tonight is TLC.
Oh, God.
Gag me with a spoon.
But at any rate, you know, I'm looking at the picture.
And I know this big, a lot of people like to call me or racist, whatever.
Go right ahead. Be my guest.
But there is a disproportionate amount of these kinds of stories in this country
involving exactly what you're doing with your face right now, involving people of color.
And I'm looking at this story from Little Rock, Arkansas.
And yes, Susan Smith, that I mentioned before, she was white.
She was white and she bladed on some imaginary black person.
But there is too much of this.
What kind of culture do we have in black America?
Well, what do we got?
Of course, in plantation here a couple of weeks ago before one of occasion.
So that was a white guy, remember?
And the NRA people were excited because he killed his kid.
Didn't even use a gun.
So they were real and thrilled about that.
Oh, you see it happens once in a while without a gun.
All right.
But there is something desperately wrong when you've got, you know, used to be people were concerned about somebody else killing their children.
Now they're killing their own children at epidemic proportions.
And I would say, you know, and again, just picking a number out of my head.
I'll be generous.
I'd say 75% of the stories that I see here in South Florida, these kinds of stories that the people who are accused are of color.
Does that mean that more white people are getting away with it that we live in that race into the society?
Or is there something basically wrong in a culture where people are baby making machines?
And by the way, this particular couple that have been accused of tossing the 18-month-old kid to die in a wilderness and probably,
tossing his two and a half year old brother to a death in a lake in Little Rock.
They don't have the same last name, by the way.
Just mention that in passing.
That's another American epidemic.
Kind of like the father of our country there who's making babies left and right.
God, Alex Weren, Shantilly Harrell, accused of leaving their toddler son to die in the woods, also suspected of drowning his brother.
They do not be married, but they be having babies, which is now the American F and Y all over the place.
Baby making people.
Here's a mobile and baby.
Hello?
Yes, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I'm a C-A-U-O Black man living in the trailer park.
And I've been listening to you show.
I have to keep the gun.
I need to keep the gun.
Yeah.
To protect myself out here.
Protect yourself from what?
We have a lot of these red-naked cowboys out here.
They break in my house three or four times already.
And I shot one.
I'm still looking for the other two.
Uh-huh.
Okay, we'll call us back after you get them.
567-0560, pound-560 on a mobile line.
Right.
Evander Holymolyfield, his name is escaping for just a moment to father of our country who's had like 427 kids by 427 different ones.
Plus a few by his wife or his ex-wife, whatever it was.
And now he's a preacher, baby.
He's a preacher.
He's out there moralizing everybody else, telling them to do God's good work.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
When is this?
Uh-huh.
Did you happen to see a segment here in Microsoft No One 60 minutes on the concealed weapon-per-medical Florida?
Yes.
Uh-huh.
Less police star, which he is a resident of the Earth State.
He took the course for X amount of dollars, whatever was charged.
Not even being there resident of Florida.
He took the course.
It was a course class mixed up of a mixture of half-man and half-woman.
The instructor gave the course not one, turned this two hour period for these people.
Even handled at the pistol.
Right.
Even handled at that.
Right.
And there were issues with licenses to possess these weapons now.
And when the class running, the instructor turned around to almost his wife.
If he was a flight instructor, he instructed these people for now pilots, but would he fly with them?
And of course the answer was no.
Why cannot they give a little more stringency for these people at all?
Well, let me ask you this.
Would anybody allow to give you a driver's license without at least taking a test?
I mean, I'd give you a good test, but they sure as hell wouldn't give you a driver's license without taking a driver's test.
That's exactly right, Neil.
When you get a little driver's license, you will route and have to prove that you can drive.
You see, these NRA people, with their second amendment phony arguments, they present this kind of image of a country where you should be able to walk into a 7-11,
just like you can buy M&M's in one counter and buy guns in an ammunition in another counter.
Without any restrictions whatsoever.
And as you said, Neil, when you have to go get a driver's license, you have to get in the car and drive physically drive the car.
Right. That's right.
And show that you're proficient at least enough down here, which isn't saying much, but at least enough to wheel that thing around on the highway.
Exactly. Right. Now these people may possess the license to have the gun.
These are the people who are leaving the guns on the tent and all, but the children are picking them up.
If that would make me ashamed to be a resident of Florida.
OK, pal.
That was a good day.
I'd like to ask.
I don't want to get too morbid or modelled in here today, do I?
No, I don't.
Talk about the MTG Music Awards later.
I'll give you my picks.
My picks for each award.
OK, so anyway, let's go to a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, what do you think about this new log going through putting the penalties for using a gun in a robbery, shooting a gun, or shooting somebody?
So there's what's a 10, 15, 20?
What do you feel about that?
Do you think that's going to slow down some of these guns?
No.
No.
It's not going to stop people from killing their kids with guns if they have laying around.
Yeah, but it might make them think a little bit harder.
Do you think that this guy that shot his five-year-old son yesterday that in the middle of an argument with the wife?
Do you think that he would have thought harder about, you think he's even thinking about how much time he's going to have to do?
No.
What kind of a person, sir, takes a gun because he's having a domestic dispute with his wife and blows away the five-year-old kid?
Is that a thinking person?
Is this somebody who's got reason?
No.
So how can we allow this person to have access to a gun?
Well, that's the foundation of the country.
We're a revolutionary government.
We took over a government with guns.
You got to go back to the beginning.
That's the foundation.
Sir, let me ask you if we changed anything.
We also had slavery back in the days you were talking about.
We also had women didn't have the right to vote.
You know, as time goes on, you have to evolve.
You have to make laws based on the reality of the life that you're living in, and not something that happened 200 years ago.
That's a tired old argument.
Well, yeah, that's a tired old argument.
Back in back in colonial days, by the way, sir, a very small percentage of the population had any firearms.
Oh, I know.
They weren't very easy to get hold of.
Right.
They weren't very easy to get hold of.
Well, here we are with 270 million people and 232 million guns, which average is out to about one per every adult.
It ain't working, pal.
No, it sure is not working very well.
I have to agree with you on that.
But you've got to start somewhere.
And hopefully this will be a start.
People will get an idea.
Maybe don't do that.
Okay.
Anything is better than nothing.
You got that.
Okay.
Thank you.
See you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Can't beat a man because you got the politicians.
And then this is a disgrace that you people out there allowed us to go on because you don't care.
I just don't understand what kind of people I'm living with here who think that this is okay.
Like the article that I read here from USA Today said, here you got one side of the Detroit River is Detroit Michigan.
The other side is Windsor, Ontario.
In 1997, 354 people get blown away with handguns in Detroit.
Windsor has a fifth of the population.
Four people get killed in the same year.
So you multiply times five.
It's 354 to what would have been 20.
You see a little bit of a discrepancy there?
And let me say it again.
The people in Windsor are watching the same TV shows, the same movies, the kids are listening to the same music on a radio,
playing the same video games, and they're not blowing each other away.
Because they don't have a number one, maybe they also have a different cultural upbringing,
which wasn't in that article that very definitely is true, because the Canadians aren't a violent people like the Americans are.
But even if they were, they don't have easy access to guns.
Oh, we don't care about this.
We just want to know what the stock market is going to go up today.
Nine minutes after 11 at 5.50 WQIM.
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob.
Listen to me.
This is Stand Bindsney for Sulfaking.
You understand?
Where everything is held to the high Sulfaking standards.
The selection is in just huge. It's Sulfaking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And Sulfaking's price is not just low.
There's Sulfaking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say Sulfaking as a beautiful store, I mean Sulfaking beautiful.
When I say to stand up as helpful, I mean Sulfaking helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the Sulfaking and enjoy a selection that's Sulfaking huge.
A stat that's Sulfaking courteous and prices that are Sulfaking low.
You'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it from me.
Take it from satisfied, custom of Frank and Stein.
Sulfaking good.
You said it Frankie. Sulfaking good.
You said it.
I'm 15 at 560 W.
We got Hank Goldberg at Fly Rivers afternoon from 2 to 6.
5 to 6 will have Bino Cook talking college football.
And speaking of college football, you got your hurricane hotline from 6 to 8.
From Monty's in the Grove.
And then 8 o'clock till 10 o'clock we've got the f***ing blank.
Maybe we'll just sign off for two hours.
We've got nobody to do those two hours.
And then 10 to 2 Ed Kaplan at the Princess Casino for all of the generic gamblers out there.
Maybe that woman will call in Ed Kaplan at the one in Chicago that suffocated her little kid
so she can get the $200,000 insurance policy.
Maybe she can call in tonight.
Here's a mobile in a home sound.
Hello.
Oh, Niels.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man.
I think you'd be able to just wave your hand and solve all the world's problems.
Yes, sure.
You know, there's just too many handouts out there.
Too many people want something for nothing.
They don't want to take responsibility.
I just...
What does that have to do with shooting your kids?
Well, the problem is with all the problems and laws.
Everything on the block.
Everybody gets away free from it.
They don't have to pay for their bad deeds.
Well, there's no question about that.
Listen, we've got to have all those jail cells for the marijuana smokers.
Don't you understand that?
Yeah, they got it across the street on the wrong side or something.
Right. The G-walkers, yeah.
It takes a hell of a lot of sense.
Right.
But you know, crazy times.
And it's from people, right?
Yeah, well, yeah.
You got that.
Somebody drinks beer after 12 o'clock.
The crazy people are going to be crazy no matter what.
But there's just too many of them in this country now.
They just...
They've been taken care of.
Yeah, they got a full of them away.
Okay, pal.
I'm getting a butterfly in there.
I'm going to go out and round them up after work.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile line.
Is that making me a racist because I said,
uh-huh, the way it is?
Oh, it's too bad.
See, how come it was the same way when I was an Amsterdam again?
I made special notice of that this time because I tried not to be bigoted.
But how come it was that the only people I saw creating problems out there in the streets,
the only people I saw being taken away by the Amsterdam police?
And I don't think that they were a legend.
They were a racist over there.
They didn't have a reputation for that.
We're a dark conflicted.
What is it in black culture?
And how...
And interestingly enough, in countries where they do educate,
they're black people.
Canada where they don't have a lot of black people.
But I was mentioning this just a few weeks ago.
You take a look at Peter Royal.
Here's an article today that a paper Royal gets a chance on a top line,
which he won't last there, but nevertheless,
he speaks like...like I speak.
Donovan Bailey, any other Canadian athletes,
grandfueler, any of the hockey players who are black Canadians,
they speak like I'm speaking.
They speak the same language as everybody else here.
They don't speak bubonics.
They aren't uneducated.
And I hate to break the news to you,
but the less educated people are,
the more likely they have to be leaving their kids in the woods,
and throwing them into a lake.
Not that Susan Smith was trailer trasher, of course.
Or anything like that.
Uneducated people making babies.
That's the American F-ing way.
And how about just like this kid?
I mean, just the story since I've come back.
I came back on Monday afternoon.
Today is only Thursday.
And just the stories I'm hearing about since I came back
are enough to make you want to get back on a plane and say,
just take me out of here.
I don't care where.
Just give me the hell out of here.
That Haitian kid that got hit by the car and is in a coma still.
And the foster mother, well,
they couldn't be bothered reporting that he was missing.
Even when they found out he was in a hospital in a coma,
they slammed the door into people's space.
Don't bother us.
We'll take care of it.
Not.
I mean, it's easier and hell to make babies.
You know, you can call all the time to give me this bag of stuff.
Thank God for us, bag of it.
It's okay.
At least we're not making all these unwanted babies.
Hallelujah to the bag of it.
That's what I say.
Hallelujah to Ricky Martin, right.
Although the Pope, he still hasn't figured it out.
It just don't work that way.
You can't make a baby in your name.
So, you still hasn't figured that out.
Here's Bay Harbor.
Hello.
Any meal?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I mean, let me try to, you know, answer this the question about the black.
I'm not black, but, you know, I live in the South Side Chicago and I live here in Miami now for four years.
Yeah.
And I think, you know, the thing is, black don't give back to the neighborhood after they become successful.
At least, you mean like OJ?
Or the few like Tim James.
He'll give back to Liberty City and whatnot.
But, you know, until I grew here, until blacks proved me otherwise, when they move in, whites run,
and everybody else runs, and the neighborhood goes down, and it's almost like, you know, everything just turns into, you know what?
And so, I mean, I guess, I guess that's what that happens when, you know, with this town, with this town, I don't know if it's a...
You're going to get more crap happening down here than you will in a lot of the northern cities, because you can...
You mean more than in Detroit or Chicago?
Well, Detroit...
I don't think so.
Detroit has always had a problem because Detroit, downtown in the city proper, is destroyed. It's the war zone.
Right.
But Chicago...
Did that wait for 32 years since people decided to burn up their own city?
They ran out.
Yeah, they ran out.
Now, with Chicago, they at least tried to build up the downtown, and now all the sudden, high park over there by the University of Chicago is becoming worse something again.
Yeah.
They're taking it back.
But see, I'm a gun owner.
I'm a gun owner.
Well, now the dark folks jammed in a home wooden sister row there in Chicago.
Yeah.
I own a 3.87.
And, you know what?
I own it because I'm afraid of random acts of violence, you know.
And, you know what?
I guess it's just like one gun creates another gun. It just feeds off another.
When somebody sees something on the TV about somebody getting...
Or even listens on the radio about on 79th Street.
Hell, I was in Bay Harbor.
When you think about that, one time two years ago, I was at the light at 79th Street and then the skein.
There's these two guys chasing each other with hand guns in their hands.
They just, they run and right across the intersection.
They weren't shooting, just running.
I was like, what's that?
You know, what is it?
And, if you don't think immigration has an effect on...
It was probably just trying to find somebody's market.
I mean, immigration has a huge effect in Miami.
Yeah.
And it's almost like, you know, a lot of the...
A lot of my Cuban friends that their parents immigrated here, you know, in the late 50s,
I can't believe it, but a lot of them carried guns in their trunks.
I mean, it's a totally different way of looking at things.
Well, that's that red next thing again.
I don't know what, yeah.
It's a macho male thing, but...
Like I was talking about boxing yesterday and how barbaric it is.
And I was listening to Hank.
And most of the...
I'm not saying that only Cubans were in the boxing, because a lot of angrily were in there with two.
But Cuban men especially are heavily in the boxing because it's that macho thing again.
Right.
You know, let's beat the crap out of it, you know, and sit there and oon on in front of the TV
since he had much blood and guts we can see.
It basically feels like a real man, even though you're not.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I mean, it sounds like we can both solve a lot of the world's problems.
But, you know, after I'm done, my master's at UM.
I'm debating whether I want to stay here because, you know...
I don't know.
I'll tell you one thing.
It shouldn't be a very long debate.
No.
The thing is about here is the weather is just the best.
But when I first moved down, you know, as you talk about this broward thing, I live in broward
when I first moved down, but when I started to go to UM, I lived in Bay Harbor now.
But, you know, broward and palm beach are just totally different environments.
They're slower, they're older.
Yeah, they're not that...
Real old.
They're not just rage element.
You know what I mean?
Rage element?
Yeah. Well, it's hard to be that angry when you're old, you know.
And even if you are that angry, it's hard to do anything about it.
Hey, I love your show and thanks a lot.
And have a great day.
Good luck to you, sir.
You'll need it.
Hey, we got the first time Panthers preseason broadcast here on QAM September 16th
against Nashville, joined in progress after the Marlins game, of course,
because everything takes a second seat to the Marlins games.
That's what us cavemen say.
September 17th, 21st and 24th games, all but 730 starts will be on Waxi 790,
which Jigs McDoddle.
My good close personal friend, Jigs McDoddle.
Oh, yeah.
A good guy. He's a good guy.
And much better than Christine and more.
A little back.
Yeah, you know, come on. Be nice.
Can't you be nice?
No.
That's for once.
5, 6, 7, 0.
And I'll tell you who's great is Mark Vandimer, who does the U of M games.
A lot of people have told me about that.
I haven't heard his work yet.
But I hear he's dynamite.
Nice going, Greg. It's about time.
You did something that had to do with radio.
And where's my backseat boy tickets, by the way?
Mr. Hotshot?
Well, I'm telling you that man.
I'm so livid.
I'm just fooling at the mouth over this guy.
Here's Hialia. Hello.
Hey, how's it going there, Neil?
Hey, sir.
How's it going there?
Let me say it again. Great.
Yeah. What do you call it?
Well, what about this guy who came off the, uh, off the raft earlier
or something that caught his mom went out there and called me out and
said, Oh, what's wrong with you?
I got my brother strength.
Then yesterday you got buster, a day before yesterday.
You got busted.
Snatching the chain off somebody.
Alright.
Great.
Many da...
Yeah.
So, so, what's going on with these people?
Well, what do you mean?
What's going on?
What does that mean?
Instead of going...
You don't understand,
we have a respond
we have a responsibility.
Hey, hey, hey, stop it!
We have a responsibility!
What is that?
What is going on here?
That's him.
Oh, that's you.
Oh, okay.
That's him doing that.
I'm wondering where the hell is he coming from.
Well, Alunatic.
Well, he's in Halea.
What do you expect?
He's in a foreign country.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I want to say something about the gun issue.
Uh-huh.
Basically, all these people, you know, they got the Cubans,
you got the Nigs, you got all these people that come in this country.
They're even checked for backgrounds, you know what I'm saying?
Happy people with the bad things or the guns or the Cubans.
The minorities, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah, you got to look, look at them.
How many Cubans are living in Little Rock, Arkansas?
They're killing their kids in the woods.
How many Cubans are living in the woods?
How many Cubans are living in the woods?
Yeah, you got a point there.
Yeah, you got a point too, pal.
It's right at the top of your head.
It's called a Dundescap.
Oh, here's that spot by the way on MTV,
Abercrombie, and Fitch with the restless.
And if any ball just ended guns,
that's a good thing I saw that on there again.
Abercrombie and Fitch are gods.
They don't mistake about that.
Well, an old Fag like me, I wouldn't say that, wouldn't I?
But if you have any doubts about the Fagory of Wrestling High School College
or a professional wrestling, but especially, oh, man,
just take a look at that Abercrombie and Fitch spot.
And you'll say, oh yeah, and you've got a point, uh-huh.
You'll be saying it.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
You'll say it.
In fact, I look at some of the wrestlers in that spot and I say, yeah.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM, are we going to solve this problem here on the radio?
No, but at least get pissed off about it, okay?
At least get your blood.
At least get your goddamn body temperature above 60 degrees would be good.
We don't expect 98.6.
We don't even expect 98 degrees.
And how come they're not nominated tonight, by the way?
You jackass.
Oh, yeah, I know there are no Lauren Hill.
Did you get it? Did you get it? Did you get it?
Did you get it?
Yeah, she can sure say in cancey.
No, couldn't sing her out of a paper sack.
That's our poll question today, by the way.
Who's more embarrassing, Ricky Martin or Lauren Hill?
He's got a bitter haircut.
Marginally.
26 after 11 at 560 WQM.
Oh, by the way, Enrique, I hate to break the news to you.
I know you're doing great.
You got that $25-minute contract.
I love you even more than ever.
You're gigantic all over the world by La Mose and the video.
But that haircut's got to go as sweetheartedly.
He's got that.
Remember the we said that for about five minutes.
Somebody told him that was that Faggy Italian haircut.
You know, that's what Enrique is sporting these days.
Well, it's probably well, it's kind of like the Greg Reed haircut.
26 after 11 at 560 WQM.
But that's Bush.
Hey, come out.
Oh, look at my butt.
I'm such a beautiful singer.
Although, guys, they want me from the old to the teenager.
Rackdom.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I know you want me to tada tada tada tada tada.
Beautiful singer.
Do tada tada tada tada.
Beautiful singer.
That's right.
43 after 560 WQM, I've taken a special Lotus morning, by the way.
Now, we have that one woman collar on this.
Because any time I bring up a subject about crime and little kids being killed and shot, etc.
Do we have any women caught?
No.
Kind of interesting, isn't it?
Maybe the moment out there, maybe most of them are just baby punching out machines.
Just kind of masturbation receptacles.
There you go.
So, in any rate, Madonna, by the way, that video is up for one.
Where the hell is it?
O Best Female Video.
And that's my pick, by the way.
I love that video.
The song is very good.
The video is sensational.
What are you turning your nose up?
I don't like it.
I was nodding.
No, you were giving me like that.
Yeah.
You know, like that.
Austin's funny.
Well, Best Female Video.
Lauren Hill, do what that thing, that thing.
No, forget her.
Jennifer Lopez, if you had my love, now her it's too small.
Madonna Beautiful Stranger, which is, no, the Jennifer Lopez video, I will say this.
It's well done, baby.
It's well done.
It made her look good.
But I like Beautiful Stranger and Britney Spears, baby one more time, which we just got
through watching.
And that's not her.
That's not the one you vote for.
No.
The other one with the green.
Sometimes I know the new one crazy with the green thing.
Well, that's too new.
And I'm sure that a lot of guys are crazy.
And of course, if you watch Baby One More Time, was that the name of the one?
The first one we just watched?
For the first video, that was before the boob job, before she got the big hits that she
did.
See, George is conjecturing.
Did she just wake up one morning and it kind of like overnight?
No, I don't think so.
It was things are casting.
No.
No kidding.
So was I.
You're just embarrassed that I repeated it on the air.
That's what you're embarrassed about.
Robby on the spots is Michael Russo, invited by Hallison Quebec for the guy that called
yesterday.
You weren't Quebec sir when you called, not an Ontario, where the Panthers are doing their
thing.
Now, Robby on the spot, Michael Russo, he ought to be embarrassed again.
How many years in a row is this?
About 100 years in a row.
We've read the same article about how Robby Needermars on the spot.
And this is the year he's going to be tougher and more aggressive and give me a break.
All you got to do is just reprint the same article from last year.
That's all.
Where are we going?
We're going to Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I've gone to Windsor by now.
You still looking for front row back street boy tickets.
What do you mean am I still looking for them?
I'm in my buddy's office.
He's got companies got tickets.
He'll give them to you.
He'll just trade you for something you'll want to trade for.
From a front row center.
I'm supposed to have front row center.
Yes.
First row center.
Well, what am I going to give them?
I'll fact you over the tickets on your facts.
You'll see where the tickets are.
That they're in the front row.
Actually, the seating chart.
You'll see where they are.
Right.
Maybe a few live spots.
Hey, all right.
I'm serious.
I can't do that.
I know they're going for $1,000 a ticket.
Greg Reed claims that he's got the tickets for me.
But of course I have a peanut in your hair of him.
He does and we've got six front row seats left here.
Well, facts and over to me.
The facts over the...
On facts and tickets over, you'll see exactly where they are and go from there.
Okay.
Okay.
Do you talk to George about the facts number?
Yeah, hold on.
Yeah, give him the number.
Okay, I'm telling you they're going to be damn good.
I'm going to give him live spots.
5,6,7,0,5,60,0.5,60 on a mobile line.
Here's a mobile in the homestead.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
In the state of West Virginia, you can indeed walk into a 7-11 store and buy Indian-ish.
All right.
Not only that, you can talk to the M&Ms.
No, actually it's just across a piece of clear plexiglass from hard whiskey.
They can sell whiskey in 7-11.
Jack Daniels.
Jack Daniels.
I'm going to start talking to you like you're wearing guns.
I like it.
It's beautiful.
All right.
Jack Daniels in a case of shotgun shells to go play.
Nice.
I love it.
It's redefining convenience stores.
Okay.
Thanks, Neil.
See in Charleston.
What a horrible place to atmosphere, huh?
West Virginia.
I think I've been through there like real fast.
Hey, are we going to a much recalled to a Mississippi by the way?
No.
Well, let's see.
Come on.
Let's go.
You've got to be more adventurous in Man Teller.
Then you'll be able to tell everybody what a great place is.
See, what that guy who called me yesterday doesn't want to understand.
And whatever, then, a lot of other people don't understand.
If you've been to Las Vegas, going to Vegas just doesn't mean walking into a casino
and playing what crops or a roulette or blackjack or a sloth.
That's going to Vegas is an experience.
You don't just walk into, like you keep saying,
all of the one places just like being in Belagio.
I don't even like the Belagio, okay?
And for that very reason, because it's generic, it's sterile.
It's like the inside of a band-aid box.
You know?
I mean, it's glitzy and it's brand new.
And it's got all kinds of sparkly stuff.
But it could be any place.
It's generic.
But they just don't get it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile line.
No women.
Nobody cares if they blow your kids away.
They're all shitin' nothing.
Like that.
Of course, George likes it when they go,
like that.
22 before noon at 5.
Oh, by the way, where the hell is lunch?
What lunch?
I don't know, but we better start thinking about it.
I'm not a practice for this.
I'm fat as a cow.
I don't really care.
Well, don't get any.
Okay, you'll just sit there and watch me.
I've done that many days.
I'm eating that, can you see?
How about some subs?
See, I don't want to get started with this again,
because you just don't understand it.
How is it possible for anybody to be so kind of...
I can't understand.
Not to understand.
I think we demonstrated the last time.
Just like yesterday, remember Atlantic City Subtluchel?
Do you want me to tell them to just bring the sandwiches that we like
and the pose to those other ones that we don't?
We just pick around.
Now, who are you talking about?
Atlantic City Sub.
Well, why can't we get chucked?
Some Italian subs.
Or we can either one.
Whichever one will be here soon,
which I would think would be chucked since he's right across the street
on the corner Ives Derry Road in 441.
Okay.
Okay, what?
I'll call Cha.
Yeah.
Can't they just send us a bunch of Italian subs, you know?
Uh-huh.
Slice up with toothpicks and not with the stuff taken out
and put in the other, you know what I'm saying?
I'm sure they could swing that.
Great.
That is not.
21 before 12 at 562 WQM all of a sudden.
Hi, I'm Ed Buford, a Buford dancer.
Licker and gun.
We have the largest selection of booze and firearms in the state
and will personally assist you in choosing the corrupt alcoholic beverage
and weapons for your next outing.
Going to Glorahonton?
Then you'll love our low prices on snaps and hang grenades.
Look at the city.
I've got our deal on hands on the California one.
Maybe you aren't interested in Hutton or South Defense.
Maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a failed boxer.
Well, we've got Gallon Jets and Wild Turkey and 44 Magnum Shadows on sale.
This week only.
We're open 24 hours.
We've never checked IDs and we're NRA approved.
So come on down to Buford.
Licker and guns.
But everything leaves loaded.
All right, 1143 at 560 WQM.
By the way, you NRA people, you can save your energy and your fax paper
or fax paper too, because I don't read your faxes.
That's where I'm writing a circular file as soon as I see what they are.
I don't waste my time with the reading faxes from mental defectors.
Anyway, be sure and join QA and Broadcasting live from hockey fest 99
the Saturday from noon to 5 p.m.
Enjoy interactive games, meet the Panther players, and much more at the National Car Rental Arena.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a mobile line.
Mobile online.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two things.
First of all, the lady who, the foster mother,
she did notify the proper authorities.
The police never notified the police.
She was right.
Secondly.
Yes.
I was born in racially.
I was born in racially in Carroll City.
I tell people that when I grew up there was cows across street from my house.
I mean, I had actually, you know, there was nothing that was actually in the rural areas.
I mean people don't believe me.
Back in the first wave of Cubans when they came in they started filling up these matchbox houses.
It was an all white neighborhood.
All of a sudden, here comes the Cubans coming in and you're right.
Here goes the white people started moving out.
I'm, you know, my parents were one of them.
Right after the white started moving out, the blacks started moving into the area
because they were driving down the cost of the house.
So, you know, you are right on that aspect.
And as far as, you know, the gun control and the end of the issue is like that.
It just blows my mind that anybody can walk out by the other guy.
So, I can walk in the came order.
I can walk in the target and I can buy a gun.
Walk out on the street and just start shooting people.
Yeah.
It's just mind-bottom.
Yeah, if you have a bad day in the stock market, just go into the office and start blowing people away.
Exactly.
Exactly.
As much pressure as there is on people in today, I mean, especially there's more pressure on people today in the workplace
than it was back 10, 15 years ago because everything now is bottom line.
It's always been bottom line.
But I mean, everybody's down-sized and it's just astronomical.
And I mean, there's got to be some kind of control over this.
I appreciate it, Neil.
You have a good day.
I'm back to you.
Okay.
Starting to slim out again, real bad.
5, 6, 7, if we had one woman today yet?
No.
I'm embarrassed for you people, you know.
You mother's out there.
I'm really embarrassed for you because like I said, every time this kind of thing comes up,
there's not a single woman that's got anything to say about it.
Oh, when you know guns, that's a man's issue.
Yeah, right.
Uh-huh.
Sure, whatever you say.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on a mobile line.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just started listening to you.
I lived here in beautiful Fort Myers.
I wanted to either newly wed him, bred and nearly dead.
Uh-huh.
And I had to say, well, first of all, I was going to comment and say,
it's good to hear you and sit at Rush on AM, you know.
I'm having some what-half decent.
But I was going to tell you about them.
I don't agree with you about the black thing so much as being a nifty of black thing.
Like, it's more of a cultural thing.
Like, what's going on here in Lee County, for instance, we have a thing called LAMP,
which is a Lee Adolescent Mother's program.
Yeah.
That there are not a lot of kids who are about birth control in the school,
but they have daycare centers at various high schools.
So you can- the girls can go to school with their reals and the children.
That's their way of doing with the problems.
Uh-huh.
I mean, isn't that stupid?
I don't know.
All right.
Sounds like trailer trash mentality to me.
Well, yeah.
It's pretty rough.
Second Amendment is more important than the first Amendment.
See, when you have large groups of uneducated people, whether they're trailer trash,
or whether they're black people who just have had no education,
and have, you know, don't understand what mainstream values are all about,
and just make babies and just don't care about the repercussions of it.
This is what you've got.
I'm really sorry.
I got to call you the line.
Okay.
All right.
Well, I'm going to keep listening to you.
The Fort Myers needs a big fat of noxious gay Jew on the air.
Well, you got it.
All right.
Thank you.
See you.
Bye-bye.
You got exactly what you need.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're going to have a woman here today, you think?
No.
No.
We don't care if you blow our kids away.
Okay.
We're too busy.
We're going to Kmart.
We're going to Walmart.
They're having a big sale today on Dush.
Here's a Davy.
Hello.
Hey, Neon.
How's it going?
Okay, sir.
I haven't spoken to you in about, um, probably 18 years when I was a young fellow.
Um, as far as the guns,
I agree with you that there's no need for guns in our society today,
um, not for hunting because, I mean, how many people are out there eating deer?
None.
I'm a father of a six-year-old child,
and from the very start of his, when he was able to understand,
I have stressed to him that, that, that, that,
that, how's that for this?
How stupid guns are.
I don't allow him to play with toy guns.
Well, not just stupid.
They're dangerous.
They're dangerous.
They're invented to kill people.
Exactly, and I've, and I've shown, and I've told him stories that come in the news when little kids get shot and look.
That's why pop it doesn't have a gun in the house.
Um, and I don't keep a gun also because I'm scared.
Um, I don't have such a bad temper anymore,
but I remember when I was in the ninth grade, I lived in the projects in Miami,
and my mother had a gun underneath the mattress,
and, uh, truth of black kids beat me up, so I ran upstairs and grabbed the gun
and ran back downstairs and pointed at that.
And it would have been very easy to pull that trigger,
and I haven't touched the gun since then,
and, uh, if people would really care,
they'd get out there and vote on these issues,
or they would get their politicians to put the issues on the house.
They don't care.
Exactly.
The American public uses the most barbaric people I've ever encountered in my life.
They just don't care.
They place no value on human life.
Maybe their own lives.
I'm not, I don't think even a lives are their kids anymore.
They're just their own lives.
Just leave me alone, like Howard Beale said in network,
and, uh, and just, uh, let me watch my Oprah Winfrey and Jerry Springer,
and that's it. That's life.
And all you losers and rednacks with guns grow up, man.
The cowboy things are gone.
Thanks for our name.
Okay, pal.
Five.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six,
it's like taking away their penis,
it's like castrating them to take away their weapon.
It's that phallic thing.
It's the only thing that makes them a man or a close,
close back, similarly, they're old.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six,
the pound, five, six, the automobiles.
Here's the mobile and curl springs.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
If you don't educate people with a decent school system
as to the responsibilities for being citizens in a democracy,
then you have demagogues like the NRA who come up and try
and convince people that they have a right-to-own guns, blah, blah, blah,
and if people don't have an education,
they fall prey to this,
and that's what's really screwing up this country.
Period.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Okay.
I don't know how much of an education you need to have to feel
like there's a value to human life.
How much education do you have to need?
Even animals in the wild, you know,
they have that self-preservation instinct.
It's instinctive.
But in America, it's kind of like, wow, you know,
we're just used to what this is the way it is.
So we don't care.
Don't bother us with this stuff.
It makes good copies for Channel 7.
They like stories like this.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, the pound, five,
six, the automobiles.
Here's Volker.
Hello?
Yeah.
Talk about Harry Schnauer as his copy government is sending
$8 million, $5 years, try and acknowledge this guy,
relying to the FBI paid to $10,000 fine note jail term,
and the girl he's paying the money to goes to jail for tax evasion.
Yeah.
That's a crime.
Yeah.
What does that have to do with what we're talking about today?
Is he killing funds?
No, but there's too much money out there
and our raised package, these politicians pockets will never
change the laws, or our own president taxed pistol.
That's Monica.
Thank you.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, the pound, five, six, the automobiles.
Here's the mobile in Haleyah.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
There's no posing call, and I know that you don't like those,
because you handle them very defensive.
But anyway.
I don't have anything defensive.
I listen to anything anybody's got to say if they make sense.
Okay, Neil.
Don't you realize that in Columbine, they both 19 gun laws.
Need if you make more gun laws, it'll take them a lot.
I'm not interested in NRA propaganda.
Okay, if they were just in for, this is so old and trite.
You know, when you're, it sounds like you're reading it right
out of the NRA literature.
I'm not interested.
You're right about that.
I'm called up, Lord asked Limbaugh, okay,
and spew your NRA propaganda.
I'm not interested in that.
I'm not interested in talking to people that got their own opinion.
Not just somebody that can read something off a sheet of paper
that they, or a lot of a magazine that they honorace into them, okay?
Boring.
We could just enforce the laws that we have right now.
Yeah, okay.
Then that guy wouldn't have blown away
as five-year-old kid the other day.
What the hell was he doing with the gun in the first place?
That's the question.
Civilized people have to ask themselves.
Not are we enforcing the laws that we have right now.
But why in God's name do civilized people walk around
and want to get pissed off, blow each other away,
and blow their kids away?
And like I said, we don't have one woman called this show today.
Don't ever, ever again, try and give me a song of that.
About this big closet theme, the audience.
We got out there because, quite frankly,
they ought to stay in a closet.
If they're out there, they belong in a closet.
Well, here's one, finally, a lady in Davy.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm trying to talk to a schmuck on the telephone.
The schmuck on the telephone?
Yeah, on the radio.
Oh, you're trying to talk to them?
Yeah.
You're talking to them right now?
Oh, you want?
Yeah, the schmuck on the radio.
Yeah.
She couldn't get through like 13 seconds of the call
without uttering a four-letter word.
5, 6, 7.
Go back and make some more babies, sweetheart.
Like I said, we still have another call from a real woman today.
That was no real woman.
I was like, I don't know what that was.
Although I think she said it herself.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the mobile line.
Just amazing astonishing.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
How are you, Neil?
OK.
Good.
I used to live in Detroit also.
It's an interesting statistics you brought up earlier about the, about Windsor.
I think you mentioned like four homicides compared to Detroit of how many?
The 354 in the same year, 1997.
I'll rage this.
Yeah, I used to face the, the Windsor skyline right on the Detroit River there.
And it's interesting.
I live, I live now here in South Florida.
And this is the first time in my life.
I'm 38 years old.
I really have considered buying a weapon or handgun gun just to protect our family.
We have a two year old.
And I am very, very concerned with what's happening in this society and especially in South Florida.
And you're right.
The women, either they don't care or they're too busy, maybe trying to keep up with the Joneses.
They lose track of their kids.
The kids are in daycare.
There's no more, there's no more families.
I don't think they're really busy.
I mean, when you live in a country like the thing happens in Columbine High out there in Little
and Colorado.
And you listen to the responses about, oh well, it's got to be the movies are too violent
or it's got to be these video games or they're listening to Marilyn Manson.
I mean, what kind of lunatics come up with idiotic solutions like that?
Exactly.
And I know it's very fashionable to look for scapegoats, but you've got to come up with something
a little bit better than that.
No, I really do.
I do believe that sure, education has something to do with it in school.
But it really starts with the family.
I truly believe that now that I'm a parent.
And-
It has to do with the cultural values that you have in your home, in your community, in your neighbor-
Exactly.
He said bullhead.
And of course, we can't say it with the estimate.
5, 6, 7, and why can't we say it?
Because again, your federal government is more concerned about words that we say on a radio
than they are about how many people are running around with every kind of weapon that they've
ever been invented, blown each other away.
That's the kind of barbaric civilization that we got here in the United States or freaking
America, okay?
You got the word police, the tool police, you got the jig walkin police, you got the police
sitting out of the goddamn thing with a radar gun.
If you're going six miles an hour over the speed limit, that's the idea of law enforcement.
The marijuana police...
Crazyness.
That's the idea of law enforcement is to harass people, to hold to knuckle people under.
Because like I've told you a billion times before and I'll never stop saying it because it's
the truth, we live at a police state.
But where we really need the police, we ain't got them.
156 at 560 WQAM.
Oh!
There are high-end police officers on the border.
Orgy Bush says that his nose is clean and never puts up his head.
Because he's running for the White House, so he took Canada's man.
Stone's drunken back, not all even, down a few feet ball.
He called a county drug with do, he even dropped some messages.
Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it?
He preferred the press with shut their mouth.
But if some of you got them busy, he did more than watch his face.
But he watched it down the sea.
And he preferred cocaine to touch.
That's the question that he does.
And he make it point much clearer.
Like a razor on a mirror.
But he wants the two babies.
That he didn't do anything.
George Bush says that his nose is clean and never puts up his head.
And he's running for the White House.
So he took Canada's man.
And George is clean.
George is clean.
George is clean.
A wild ride.
12105 60 WQAM.
We're only seven hours and 59 minutes away from the MTV Music Video Awards.
And we're only just one.
12 hours.
Less than 12 hours away from getting that stupid thing off the bottom of the screen.
Here's a let's say do a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, you know what?
I was thinking what you're talking about with the guns and everything.
I know you can't change it now.
But they shouldn't have made guns bigger and like automatics than the police have to carry.
And you have a good point as far as where Canada is from Detroit.
Because I'm from Michigan too.
And you can't blame the movies or the video games.
I think it's the way that they were raised and the values.
If the parents just aren't there, not that they didn't care.
Right.
But if they're just not there because they both have to work.
Because number one, they got an education.
They have cultural values that are different in the place of value.
Yeah, and I don't have that.
And I number two, because they don't have the readily available ability of guns.
Even educated people get pissed off.
Exactly.
But if you're pissed off and you have a gun sitting right there in a house.
And when you're older, you can't keep blaming, you know,
you can't say you don't know right from wrong.
Right.
Even animals have that.
I want a dog who cares up something.
You know he did something wrong when you got home.
You bet.
So these people, I think they just turn them inside and they don't value life anymore.
Well, that makes for a hell of a country.
I'll tell you that.
Yeah, it's really sad.
There's no way we can reverse it.
Really.
Now I think it's beyond, you know, you can't just take everyone's guns away to the place.
Yeah, no, it's hopeless.
Now it's not a control.
You're right.
But I can do it.
Just be with your kids and try to do what you can do.
Okay, sweetheart.
All right, take care.
Okay, there's a lady for you.
A real lady.
56670560.
Thank you.
Chuck, here's my good friend Chuck from the sub center on a quarter of 441 in the Ives-Derry Road.
199th Street, Honey Hill Road.
The street with 45 different names.
I know there's some days I drive on the street.
I got different names for it.
So you nobody wants to talk about this cultural thing, but that's okay because I'll be the bad guy.
I'll be the bigot because, you know, I'm just a racist son of a bitch.
I'll be the bad guy that's of all these things and you people can say it off the ear and private like I'm sure you always do.
Because it requires balls to come forward and tell people what you really think.
Except, of course, we hate the Cubans.
You know, you know, did I say anything about Cubans today?
No.
But every time you get into something like this, it's the same group of red necks out there.
And like I've tried to tell you before a million times, you folks, you got so much in common.
I don't know what you're all pissed off at each other about.
Your politics are the same.
You all be sitting around there watching that fight.
Tractor pull.
Tractor pull.
There you go.
The cock fight.
Why not invite the red necks to the cock fight?
They'll bring the moonshine.
Remember, we'll bike moonshine?
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Okay.
Get a phone that works in out speeches here.
Okay. Sorry about that.
5607-0560, 0.560 on the mobile line.
This, you know what you're expecting?
Where are we going?
What?
Let's go to a mobile in Davie, Ella.
Hello.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
I wanted to tell you about the law in Illinois about guns that might help if they could put it down here.
Up there, they don't license the guns, but they license the gun owners and they have to put a fingerprint card in.
Right.
They get it.
They get a photo ID with their thumbprint on it.
And they can't buy a gun unless they have that.
I'm not going to tell you the criminal still don't get guns.
But at least when they have it, you can arrest them.
Right.
Amen. Sounds good to me.
And I agree with you on the cultural thing.
That's a problem.
Okay, thanks.
All right.
5607-0560, what are you laughing about in there?
Well, there's just a lot of bread here, okay?
There's a lot of bread.
Not much else.
And it's your fault.
There's all this bread.
It's a sliced up into like 6,000 different.
That's your fault.
You just can't figure it out.
It's sliced up in all these little things of what you said.
It'll be fine.
Thanks, Chuck.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I'm trying to understand something.
What is that?
You want to, I guess you believe in the death zone.
If somebody kills somebody, a child, you want to kill them.
Yeah, you want to limit guns.
What is it like now?
What do you mean, how do I explain it?
What's long got to do with the other?
Well, you're advocating that the death zone,
I don't know if you should kill somebody.
Yeah, you want to limit guns.
You're saying that we shouldn't have guns.
Let me ask you something.
Do we execute people with guns anywhere in this country?
Is that how we execute people legally?
And you thought there was a firing squad.
Yes, there is.
Yeah.
With handguns?
With handguns, yes, there is.
No, they don't kill people with handguns.
He wasn't killed with a handgun.
Well, it's a rifle, yeah.
It's the same thing?
Yes.
But the thing is that you can't have one and the other.
You're sort of like, oh, why?
In another word, if we believe in capital punishment
for people who kill other people,
therefore, average citizens ought to be able to run around with guns.
That's very logical.
That's right.
That's right.
Yeah, okay, thank you.
Thanks for your logic.
Okay. Thanks for sharing all of your logic with us.
Maniac, you're a simpleton man.
That's a compliment, by the way.
5667-0560, 05-560, on the mobile line.
It's amazing.
The incredible convoluted crap that some of these people come up with to try to rationalize
their love affair with guns.
There's nothing glamorous.
There is nothing wonderful.
There's nothing positive.
There's nothing good to be said about guns.
Because guns are invented for only one reason.
There are manufacturers that kill something.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to ask you a question.
I want you to hang up on me right away.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Mobile in Hollywood.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
You know, either they get it, Neil, or they don't get it.
And what they don't get it has nothing to do with the guns.
What it has to do with values of what parents are teaching.
The simpletons, when they're growing up, that's the main problem.
Either they learn it at a young age, or they're not going to learn it because by the time they're 10, 11, 12 years old,
it's too late and you're not going to reprogram a brain that would be functional from a base factor.
So, in other words, this guy that killed his five-year-old son, he was old enough to make a baby.
I noticed, although there's a dick a lot of talent.
But the guy who killed a five-year-old son, he didn't know the difference between right and wrong.
Is that what you're saying?
No.
He wasn't taught right.
He must have not been taught right because a person that was taught right, I know when I was a child,
I feared two people.
One was God.
The second one was...
God is a people?
No.
It was a vision.
And the other one was my father.
Maybe my father was here on Earth.
I feared him more than anybody else.
And when children are brought up.
And this guy that killed his child, he must have gone through something.
And he has a child where his parents must not have taught him that...
So, you're just assuming that you don't know anything about him, but you're just assuming that you're already making an excuse for him?
I'm not making an excuse for him.
There was no way he had a troubled child that maybe he was misunderstood.
Maybe somebody called him a bad name one time.
Not that he called him a bad name, but he must be regarding...
It's taught from...
It's either taught or not taught that either you're going to get it, you're not going to get it.
And he must not...
The other one is called placing value on human life, and it is no longer the American-ucking way, okay, sir?
It is no longer part of our cultural values.
There is no respect for human life in American society.
That's a fact.
Well, because if the fact that could not be taught at home...
Yeah, and why not?
What kind of people are making babies then?
Well, there's nobody at home taking care of the babies.
That's the problem.
That's the problem.
There's nobody home taking care of them.
I'm going to give you two words.
Keep repeating them over and over to yourself all day.
Forced sterilization.
Just keep saying them over and over again.
That's the only hope for American culture.
Forced sterilization.
I'll decide, by the way.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the mobile line.
What are we going to call that now?
The AT&T wireless line.
Until for the notice.
Oh, like I said, on the AT&T wireless line.
Until for the notice.
9 minutes past noon at 5, 60 WQM here.
Are you airing shit like this?
Where are you, Jack?
I'm the way you're using my voice.
You're the name.
Don't talk to boys.
We are in this way.
You've found what's born in a home just like in New York.
What you're trying to understand.
What you're telling us there are many men.
I'm the best.
I'm the day, Jack.
Because I'm not the only other way.
What would it be made at a night is a feat.
Because I'm a feminine guy.
I'm a little boy, today.
Am I trippin' on a feminine guy?
Vem bed and guy.
All people love me, but not fun at all.
We am a feminine guy.
Vem bed and guy.
Vem bed and guy.
Vem bed and guy.
Vem bed and guy.
Vem bed and guy.
Okay, 1215 at 560 W2M got the award winning Hank Goldberg show from Flagler Dorg
Tracket to a clock five to six hits the Bino Cook go with Hank Show, Collins football,
six to eight o'clock hurricane hotline with the, where is it at Monty's in the Grove,
and then eight o'clock till 10 we got two hours of dead air, 10 o'clock till two in the
morning you said, Kaplan of the Princess Casino.
You want to come down between eight and 10 and I maybe we can put roll out of here
between eight and 10 keep them from going over down the waft and okay.
Now if he leaves does he have to take that big black thing with him?
Is that in his contract?
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Lady in Miami.
Oh, I know.
Yes ma'am.
The rain princess.
I'm also a mother that wants to come out on the gun thing.
The rain princess?
Yeah, that's me.
Okay.
I have children and they have this, they have this, they have this, they have this commercial
out when there's like this little five year old boy putting books up on a shelf and he
finds a gun and the commercial says, if you think your kids are too old or too young
to find a gun then think again and okay I know when I was five years old and I was good
in the house I would have found it even if they hit on the roof.
I just want everybody out there to know that has kids and a gun.
They will find your gun.
Don't do it.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks.
How about mandatory trigger locks huh?
Oh no, we don't want that.
Why not?
Well because of the NRA and we're crazy.
It costs like less than five bucks and they work.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, if you see when you get to the point where you're against
any kind of restriction, any kind of imposition of any regulation then you show that you're
crazy, you're certifiable, you're unreasonable, you're obsessed.
And that's the NRA.
Here's a mobile in the coconut creek.
Hello.
Uncle Leo.
Yes sir.
I want to talk to that.
I spoke on the radio.
Okay.
How are you doing?
I have a very interesting point to bring up.
I would like to voice my displeasure with the media for glorifying all of these people
we could shot and kill and blown away and this one blew it thing off and this one shot
on him in the book and I'm getting increasingly tired of this if it bleeds or leaves mentality.
And it's good.
Well that's what the people are watching just like they're watching Jerry Springer man.
Exactly.
And that's the same point that you're trying to make that we've lost all respect for human
life.
Of course, if we see it on the news every single night and I'm not saying that's why but
people want to see it on the news and that's why it's there.
Let me tell you after porn videos, the biggest selling videos in all video stores in
America, snuff films, faces of death parts 1 through 500, those are the biggest sellers.
They have waiting lists for months people trying to get to rent those faces of death parts
1 through 5 million.
It's thick.
Does that tell you how sick the American public is that they want to read videos to watch
other people being killed?
Most of it's fake anyway.
Believe me, I rather shoot off my thing and shoot a gun.
There you go.
Yeah, but that's seen.
Now that's on American man.
Now you're getting into trouble.
Uh oh.
I'll see you later.
Okay.
Yeah, you better go register that piece.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
That's right.
We got the virginity police in Broward County, by the way.
In Pompano, if you have an erection in a goddamn adult establishment, you're violating
the law.
If it's harder than a bread box.
If it's harder than a piece of wonder bread, you're in big trouble.
You're in deep hit.
Not to be confused with deep throat.
But if you're gone, you may not care how hard that is, then that's a whole different
story.
We have no problem with that.
Don't you understand?
It's America.
Bring them on in.
And then we'll go over to Miami International and we'll watch them smuggling all the hero
win and the cocaine and hiding into the food cart.
See, they told us that time I went to Toronto on American Airlines.
It was the food service that was being delayed in the, it was not the food, it was the drug
service that was delayed getting the stuff on the plane.
Not the food service.
The drug service.
Are you ramp rats?
Take out another full page ad in the newspaper, okay?
And you know what?
They'll still call people ramp rats because nobody trusts anybody over there anymore.
And probably with some very good justification.
Remember back in the early days when Chuck swillery was the host on Wheel of Fortune when it
was a bomb?
And instead of getting the cash at the end of each round, they would have a cash amount
and they would go shopping and Chuck would say, okay, John, let's go shopping.
You have $25.
Let's go shopping.
That's what they do at my international airport.
When they're a little bit bored or maybe they just, you know, need some extra cash for
the weekend?
Let's go shopping.
Let's rifle through everybody's bags and see what kind of goodies we can steal out of
there.
In between the other guys, the ramp rats, while they're loading on all the hero win and
then be a cocaine to get on a guy to play, and maybe a few hand grenades in the overheads.
Yeah.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
Hand grenades in the overheads.
Nice going American freaking airlines and you wonder why the public is pissed off.
I mean, it's not bad enough.
You can't get any flight off the ground within an hour of being on time.
But hand grenades in the overheads?
They should go in the seat in front of you.
That's right.
Even you should know that the hand grenades are supposed to go under the seat in front
of you, not in the overheads.
They could fall out when you, that's right, and hurt somebody.
When you go up there and open up, they always make that announcement because very careful
when you open up the overhead vent because that loose hand grenades could fall out and
kill somebody and a pin might slip out.
But if you got it nice and firm on the ground in front of you there and in three handed
seat in front of you, then you can keep your eye on it.
And I don't know about you, but when I'm on a God-Dent commercial aircraft, I like to
be able to see those hand grenades at all times.
I don't want a bunch of loose ones in the overheads, slipping out just through wrong moment.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
On Friday.
The day you left for vacation.
Yes.
300 metro day police swooped down on Tendle for 20 hours.
Who do what?
To achieve the single lowest one day crime rate in Tendle.
Yeah.
And this is what they also close down the hooker ring down there on the same day?
Well, that's what they were doing down there.
They put cones in Tendle Drive and as you're driving along, they stop you.
They answer your driver's license.
And then while they're checking out your driver's license, they're profiling you in the car.
Oh, great.
They don't let something they don't like.
You go over to a bank parking lot where five or six cops go through your car looking for
stuff.
Right.
This is what they bust.
Maybe they were going shopping.
They busted people for bad Tend.
They got a little part.
Oh, they had a window tending police there that day.
Oh, right.
A little pot and a little coke.
And they busted and put the other thing down.
So, guys who tradesmen who didn't have the name of their company on their van or pick
up truck, you were arrested and put in jail for that.
And now let me tell you, with people that don't believe that we're living in a police state,
they're up there fricking rocker.
Right.
And I'm sorry to say it, that I'm holding on to my gun until crap like that is no longer
going on in this country.
Okay.
Later.
See ya.
See ya in Kendall.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
That's a hot one too, by the way.
Always like, you know, take the light off yourself and shine a spotlight on everybody
else to try to be fluctuicism.
We hear any more about that prostitution ring with those underage prostitutes in Kendall.
No.
No.
But if you got a little bit of wacky weed.
Yeah.
Oh, by the way, the guy that punk that called here had spent two weeks in Amsterdam.
That said, screw you, Neil, before I went on vacation.
Screw you, man.
You're an asshole.
Remember the one that was telling me, oh, too much drugs and it's filthy.
It's not filthy number one.
And number two, there are too much drugs.
Just enough.
Yeah, that's right.
Just enough to keep everybody in a real good mellow mood.
Not too much.
No problems.
No problem.
Like I said, a few of the shfarts is there, a few of the rocks, the guys, you know,
they're out there crack, they're not too crazy about that.
And they let those guys away.
But other than that, no problem.
They come with a street sweepers and first they sweep all the garbage off the streets.
They got a zillion places for it to put you like in Toronto.
The reason Toronto is the cleanest city of any major city in the world is because on every
major street they got all these receptacles where you put the trash.
And people aren't a bunch of sloths.
They have a little bit of pride in where they live and they throw their trash into receptacles
and guess what the streets aren't like at toilet.
And so they answer them.
They come along and they're early in the morning.
They pick up all the bags, all the garbage and they come with the sweepers and sweep
all the stuff off the streets.
And then they come along with the spritzers.
What are they call those?
Where they like to wet down the streets?
And by the time you're up and about in the morning, it's as clean as good day.
There's no problem there.
So I don't know where the hell you were hanging out, pal, but you're full of crap.
In addition to which I talk to several people, they said they don't want you coming back.
I said, you know the guy that called me?
They said, yeah, he's an asshole.
They all told me that.
So stay the hell out.
Go to someplace you'll fit in like Paris where they throw all their garbage on the streets.
You fit in perfect there with those pigs.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
What are the gun laws like in Amsterdam?
What are the gun laws like?
Nobody has any guns.
Only the cops.
Really?
That was real inconvenient in the late 30s, early 40s.
Meaning what?
Meaning if they had guns.
Let me ask you something, sir.
Did they have guns in Germany?
Yes, they did.
And did that save them from the Nazis?
No, the people weren't favor the Nazis.
So what are you talking about?
Well, I mean, you're all over the board as far as what you're proposing as far as gun laws.
I wish you'd settle down.
If you just want to outlaw handgun, I'm not going to change anything here.
You don't have to get all paranoid and work yourself into a sweat about it.
I'm not sweating.
My sitting here talking on a radio.
I'm just, that's a talk show.
I'm expressing my viewpoint.
That's all.
If that makes you psychotic, so be it.
But that's just the way I feel about it.
I don't want to live in an environment where a bunch of irresponsible, crazy people are
running around with guns.
If you do, that's your privilege.
What about normal people?
Can they have guns?
Well, let me ask you, how do you find out who the normal people are?
Two background checks, things like that.
We're not doing now.
How about this guy yesterday that shot the five-year-old kid?
What if they would have done a background check on him?
Would they have found anything necessary?
Do we know?
Maybe so?
Maybe not.
You don't know.
Well, we don't know.
Yeah.
But, uh...
The fact is, sir, that this country, over a period of many, many years, has demonstrated
very clearly that the populace, as they hold, the populace is not mature and responsible
enough to have easy access to weapons.
Is that why they don't have an answer down to populace?
Is it responsible enough to have them?
They don't want them.
They don't want them, and they don't need them.
I didn't.
Late 30's really fast.
Oh, okay.
Late 30's and early 40's.
There we go again.
And let me say it again.
They could add all the handguns in the world, and when the German tanks came in there,
it wouldn't have done a bit of good.
You don't defend yourself against tanks with handguns.
More on.
Jackass.
Same line.
Yeah, just a typical gunhugger with the same one or two lines that keep you peeding
it over and over again.
Oh, sure would have helped them in the late 30's and 40's.
Yeah.
Lunatic.
Maniac.
I say the only people should have guns in this country are the Sicilians.
That's right.
At least they leave everybody else alone.
26 past noon at 560 WQM.
How does that work?
Okay.
Is that the end of the queue?
Because George is in here giving me a song today.
I mean, what's his name?
Sam.
Well, no, I was going to play a thing there, but Sam is in here rocking me a trinic.
And I couldn't have had the monitor down and the mustard.
We're giving away a dodge.
Yeah, dodge this.
Okay, Sam.
Dodge that.
I thought you said you weren't giving me anything to read on the ear here.
Then you just get your sand at.
Uh-huh.
Bull crap artists, bull hit artists.
Win a new $30,000 Dodge Ram pickup truck by register.
We're going to any south photo shell gas station and Dodge leaders.
We're seeing it today at the shell gas station on Kaio,
chill 995 between 1230 and 130.
Lunatic right now.
Or a Potemkin Dodge North between 230 and 330.
With QAM staff registering you for your chance to win from shell gas,
Dodge dealers and QAM.
Would there be any sense to you?
No.
But anyway, I read it.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
This Norma Kent is faxing me this stuff.
It's wasting our fax paper that I don't want.
5, 6, 7.
What am I going to do with this now that he couldn't bring?
He's coming over later on.
Why is he wasting my fax paper to make it look like he's doing something constructive
and positive now, which I don't believe anyway?
So what about those MTV awards tonight, huh?
Sam puts in his vote for best dance video, which I saw last night.
They don't have that in the paper because they're too embarrassed.
Guess what one of the nominees is?
Jordan rhymes with light night.
Ready for that?
Yeah.
Best dance video.
He couldn't dance your way out of a paper sack.
Best video of the year here at the nominees.
Number one nominee.
Number three.
Yeah.
Win in a cakewalk.
The other nominees for a video of the year.
Lauren Hill, do what?
Like that.
Freak on a leash, Corn.
If I could tell you how I eat corn.
Because one thing about corn, it comes in the same way it goes out, the same way it went in.
It's true, especially.
Ricky Martin, living in La Penga, Loka.
And Will Smith featuring a Jewel and Cool Modee while while was.
So there's the tough cut, the stiff competition for the Backstreet Boys.
No chance.
You won.
So they got that one wrapped up.
Viewers' choice.
Guess what the first nominee for Viewers' Choice Best Video is?
My final.
Backstreet Boys.
Then Jay-Z featuring Ja and Amel Lallayan.
What is that?
Amel Nite trait?
Can I get a.
Corn.
Freak on a.
What is that?
I don't understand.
Can I get a.
Freak on a leash.
A Ricky Martin looking up in Loka.
In stink.
Carrying up my heart.
And TLC and no stubs.
Like I said, piece of cake.
Yeah, like I told you.
Best female video, Lauren Hill.
The thing.
Jennifer Lopez, if you had my ass.
Madonna, beautiful stranger.
And Britney Spears, baby one more time.
With all the respect of Britney, who I'm sure everybody loves.
I'm a Donner, shouldn't she?
Shouldn't Madonna, a beautiful stranger?
Hands down.
Your pants.
Best male video.
nominees are Likin LaPingaloka, Ricky Martin.
Will Smith, Miami.
And the winner, Lenny Kravitz, fly away.
And the winner easily will be.
Well, let me give you a clue.
Okay.
Let's do the winner ought to be honest.
My name is.
Eminem.
My name is Anis.
Best new artist in the video.
Kid Rock.
Oh, lunch is coming back.
I hate Kid Rock.
And you know something I say that we have Nick and Jeff.
Jeff from 98 degrees.
Is the permanent host on TRL and get rid of God damn.
What's in them Carson?
Because Carson number one, he looks really bored.
He is boring.
And number three, he starts giving his own opinions like,
what nobody cares about that.
He's supposed to be impartial, all those punky little kids.
And all those old fags, we're supposed to be the ones that call in
and get our favorite videos on there.
Not Carson.
He's supposed to be the God damn, whatever.
An all fairness, they should be a balanced ticket though.
We want to check.
Instead of those two, how about one of each?
Nick and, okay, Nick and Britney.
Okay.
And then maybe like in between when things got a little dull,
I could like do it.
I know he's into it.
He's up to it.
I'm not so sure about her.
Okay, let's see.
So best new artist in the video.
We got Kid Rock.
Jennifer Lopez, if he had my last.
A instinct.
Britney Spears, baby one more time.
And the easy winner is, of course, we ought to shadow her dogs.
Mine is Eminem.
Best group video.
Here we go.
Number one nominee is.
Beside you.
So do I even have to give you any more?
Limf biscuit.
Oh my God.
Don't, please.
Don't do it.
Not after lunch.
A instinct here enough my heart.
Sugar Ray every morning in TLC.
No scrubs.
Looks like a runaway to me.
Yeah.
No contest.
Best R&B video.
How can I have an opinion on that?
Best Rock video.
Limf biscuit and nookie.
I'm going to let me say it again.
If that wasn't in there,
nobody would even bought the record.
If he didn't say nookie in there, 5,000 times.
It's a piece of crap.
Even Fred Watts' name.
What's the lead singer?
Fred.
Oh yeah.
I see you didn't even know what his name was.
Even he said that last night.
He said, God, I can't believe people are playing this crap.
Corn, freak on a leash.
Kid Rock, a bar with a dab or whatever that thing is.
Lenny Kravitz fly away.
And the offspring.
Pretty fly for a white guy.
I vote for the offspring.
I love the offspring.
And by the way, the kids are not all right.
Best hip hop video.
Beastie boys, Buster Rhymes, Lauren Hill.
I do have a, and TLC.
Got a hate TLC.
Best pop video.
Here we go.
Guess what the first nominee is.
When I say I wanted that way.
And Jennifer Lopez, if he had my ass, Ricky Martin, if he had my mouth,
in stink tearing up my heart and Britney Spears baby one more time.
Looks like a clean sweep for.
Better be.
A new birth.
The Backstreet Boys.
Okay, we'll find out tonight.
And by the way, if you're worried about Tom Green,
his show will be on a 1230 after the MTV Music Awards.
But Tom Green will be on a show in case you haven't seen in the promos.
Five million times already.
Four million, Lauren.
Yeah.
Here's the mobile in the summer.
Hello.
Longer.
Just as I was about to put my finger while they hung up, I think they were in four mires.
Can't blame them.
Here's a lady in four-letter mail.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
It's worth a wait.
I violently agree with your physicians on guns.
But I think it's a gender thing.
Because I've always been anti-gun.
And usually in my discussions with men, it became so enraged.
Oh, yeah.
I would have to back down.
So the only women in us bags are the ones that were against their guns.
And the real men, they're gun huggers.
But it was like a mask.
You know any compensation.
But my point was, when I first moved down here, which was early 70s,
I was a victim of a violent crime.
Of course, I called BSO.
And their advice to me was to get a gun.
Isn't that great?
And I know at this point in my life, I can't even see the shoot one.
And I wouldn't get one anyway.
I guess the other guys that put the BS in BS.
So I reckon.
Uh-huh.
They keep up with their work.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
They put the BS in BS.
Oh!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So what's for lunch, George?
And pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You're smiling.
I'm dead serious.
I could put in your finger on the edge of your tooth like they started to look like often.
Okay.
How is Sproul farbicinod doing, by the way?
My good, the close personal friend.
And again, love and kisses to our good friends at Radio X over there at Nova,
Southeast, or University because you guys have got great equipment,
you're kicking ass, people at Piper High, even though they hate us like poison.
Do we ever hear from the kids at Piper High anymore?
No.
The KPX.
No, that's because they're on a different level.
They're like on a real radio station.
We're over here on QAM.
And not too happy about this Greg Green business either.
I'll tell you that.
You know, it'd be nice if it gets me those tickets.
And he did get the exhaust fan.
When I left here yesterday, I went in there to take a leak out of the way to Mommy's house.
And all what a difference.
But you see, something that might actually have to do with the radio show,
with the radio station, with the radio business, that might be nice.
Okay, Greg, do you follow what I'm saying?
No.
I didn't think so.
I mean, exhaust fans in the toilet and tickets for the Backstreet Boys concert.
That's about the limit for Gregory Benjamin Reed.
That's about as far as he goes.
I'll tell you about a girl.
Oh, look at that.
Look what's on her right now.
I'm not brand new.
I'm not brand new.
I'm not brand new.
You're offering.
So like I said, next to Garza's where you'll find some of the best smoking pleasure
that's legal anywhere in San Flora.
That's right.
It's still legal.
Even though if Ken Jenny finds out that we're smoking some of this stuff in Broward,
they'll probably be pretty pissed off and fired up about it.
Suck it in and hold it.
My wife says it really hurts the blow.
You know?
Why does she have a really small mouth?
Why?
No, she's got a cold.
Her nose is all rough from the tissues.
And how are you talking about it?
Make an answer to yourself at work today.
The same thing as you.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
Then try a duel.
What does your mouth have to do with blowing?
Medically proven to erase up to 24 hours of memory.
Wait a minute.
Do a duel.
Ah, you sick bastard.
For when you're really f***ing stop.
1244-560-W.
So we have an offspring CD for me that Tracy Nealey sent us.
Well, it's about time she did something good.
Like I said, it's about time she did something good and came through
because usually she's f***ing, I don't want to say the word.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello?
Yes, Neil.
How are you today?
Great.
Neil, we're talking about guns today.
So let me just add something to it.
Neil, 30 years ago, there was the same amount of guns in the house.
There is today.
And everybody's talking all about it.
That's not true at all.
I would.
No.
Okay, well, you might not believe it, but it is true.
Anyway, everyone's talking about it.
Sure, again, just because you say that it's true doesn't make it so.
The statistics show very clearly that that is not true.
But anyway, assuming that it is, which it's not.
Okay, anyway, you're talking about education.
Educating these people about guns in the schools.
Let me ask you this.
I didn't say educating them about guns in the schools.
Wow, what does the school got to do with it?
No, I'm saying educating the people.
Okay?
Look at raising weapons to schools.
These kids.
What about...
What's your opinion about bringing back the paddle in these schools for discipline?
Okay, we've got a new form of American dual.
A teacher's got a paddle and the kid has got a 357 magnet.
Oh, the paddle didn't work too good.
Got it, who would have just held it up a little bit higher.
Up.
Dan.
Here's over town.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
And no.
I was just calling the...
You know, the...
You know, put my hand side on it because you know it is really bad with the guns and everything going around.
It was an incident where these guys...
They actually like...
You know, she had on a very high dress on or whatever, you know, walking and talking with a friend.
And these guys, you know, they just...
You know, I guess one of them went up and touched her.
And she...
She apparently had a gun on her.
But at the time she didn't pull it out.
But this other guy did and he...
He pulled it out.
Yeah, pulled out the gun and like...
What about the gun, yeah.
And like, you know, like took a shot over where she was at.
And he just got this other damn fool over here telling her,
Now why don't you shoot back?
And I'm like, what the hell would you invite her to shoot?
You know, saying to shoot back.
You know, it's like...
Maybe she might have had better aim.
She probably would have had it.
Yeah, I only hope, yeah.
Jesus Christ, you know, but, you know, like you said, man, you know,
there's just no type of control at all.
You know, people shoot each other over parking spaces over the kind of thing that you just told me.
I mean, you know, all you got to do is get a little bit pissed off her right away to the next use to pull out your piece and blow somebody away.
And these people that keep arguing who are the gun lovers, they just start into Nile.
They just...
It's like this stuff doesn't go on.
Exactly.
I mean, it's bad, you know.
And you know, I stay in over town and everything like that.
But, you know, it's just pathetic, man.
People, you know, they just...
They just go off for the littlest thing.
I mean, anything can just piss them off.
Somebody cut the front of me in the car.
Exactly.
All the more reason why we can't have crazy people with guns.
All right, now take it easy.
Okay, pal.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're only seven hours and 13 minutes away from the MTV Music Video Awards.
Did I have anybody ready for that?
No.
No, come on.
Come on, they're hyping the hell out of it, even on CBS this morning, they're hyping it.
Because they're all whipped up about their big merger with Viacom.
You see, what's going to happen, boys and girls?
I hate to break the news to you, but pretty soon there's only going to be like four companies in the world.
And they'll own every business, every broadcasting, every part of the media,
every supermarket, every department store, there'll be four companies in the world.
And if anybody believes that's a good thing, then we'll get you with this kind of lavotomy at Kmart, okay?
Here's Boker, hello.
Hey, I have to agree with you on that, and a large company thing.
Terrifying.
How are you doing, Neil?
Great.
You know what I did for that?
I just done with my mutual funds.
I put it all on large-cap investment and international stuff.
Right.
Figure it's going to happen, so I'm going to make money off it.
Right.
But I had my two cents thrown about the guns, too.
First of all, when they wrote the Constitution, the people who owned guns, they had their own land.
They were usually the added vote, which were usually white males.
Right.
No Jews or Catholics.
I mean, people get real.
Don't hide behind the Constitution because most of these idiots don't have a pot to piss in the owned guns anyway.
Yeah.
So I'm all pissed off and fired up.
I'm all pissed off and fired up.
Yeah.
I don't blame you.
Something like that.
Okay, pal.
Take care.
Hang in there.
All right.
Take cover.
Yeah, we're not going to say take care anymore.
We're going to say take cover.
Actually, dammit.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line as we saw the problems.
And then when you don't really have cracks in me up, see if I'm one of those NRA people, if I'm one of the gunnuts, I don't care that Neil Rogers is on the radio spouting this stuff.
Because what difference is it going to make?
Not going to make any difference.
But when you're that insecure, when you know in the back of your mind or in some part of your mind, whatever you have left of your mind, when you know that you're full of crap.
And that you're defending the indefensible and you're totally twisting and distorting the intent and the meaning of the second amendment.
Then, you know, anybody who even mentions it gets you a psychotic.
Which is why I got that facts before that I tore up in a million pieces and didn't even bother reading from the lifelong NRA guy.
And several of these other callers today who started preaching preaching the Amantra chapter in verse.
Well, if we just enforce the laws that we got, okay.
I mean, as soon as you hear some of these things, it's like the religionists who start spouting, you know, the famous quotes from the Bible.
John 316, okay.
And by the way, that crap ought to stop.
Going to a goddamn ballgame. It's not bad enough. You got the invocation into your football games.
But you go, you pay money to go into a ballgame and some asshole has got a religious sign that he's holding up there.
Go to church, okay. Go propagandizing church. Not at a ballpark. Not a godless place like a frickin ballpark.
Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, darn.
Great. Listen, I used to be a member of the NRA, okay.
The reason I quit being a member of the NRA was after they didn't support the Brady Bill, okay.
While members of the NRA probably feel that it's not going to save any lives or stuff like that, I felt that it was a...
Why not support it? You know what I'm saying? There's no reason.
Do you remember a couple of months ago Bill Clinton came out and he went ahead and he talked about his proposals for gun legislation.
And there was no reason that any member of the NRA shouldn't support what he came out with, okay.
You know, all he was talking about was the gun shows and stuff like that, that you, you know, and three day waiting periods and stuff like that.
God forbid.
If you're a member of the NRA, I mean, you know, and I do have a concealed weapons permit in the state of Florida here, but any law-abiding citizen should not come out against, you know, exactly what he was talking about.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
It just makes no sense.
Well, but they don't make any sense. Their whole rap does make any sense. They're full of crap.
Yeah, I mean, you know, when they turned around and the NRA is killing themselves, you know what I'm saying?
No, they're not. They didn't worry about the opposition.
No, they're not. They still got the politicians by the short hairs. They still own them.
You see how every time they tried it like with the stuff you're talking about, they water it down. They render it meaningless and they still got the politicians in their hip pocket.
Just like Don Crowley only had the judges in his pocket, they got the politicians in their pocket.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in four Myers. Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, ma'am. I don't think we've ever had a lady in four Myers before.
Oh, well, there's several of us here.
It's great. Good in your show on this coast.
I have some remarks about hunting.
It's a rate of the department of natural resources to control the deer population, especially up in some of these states that have the lives disease that's coming as serious health problems.
The crop damage, the climbers from deer, could be just devastating.
And it's nice having that a certain freezer, especially for those families out of tight food budget.
So there are people like that.
Yeah, well, do you go out and shoot deer yourself?
I have, yes.
You're going out and you shot a deer?
Yes.
Did you look it like right in the eye and you said, hey, Bambi, here's one for you.
It wasn't Bambi.
Oh, well, that's okay.
And also, there are a lot of people.
Did you check ID?
There are a lot of people that can't eat beef and they can eat medicine.
Yeah.
How about cake, can they?
You let them eat cake?
No.
But there are some good points about hunting.
It is their story.
I don't think so.
No. I don't think so.
How else would the department of natural resources control the deer population?
Poison.
Oh, poison?
Yeah.
I think you might want to look into that.
Yeah, poison salt, the salt mix.
Oh, no.
That'd be more cruel.
Yeah.
Well, they have some fast-acting stuff.
You know, they can just injection poison darts.
I have a nice day, sweetheart.
Thank you.
And don't eat too much of that medicine.
It'll kill you.
Okay.
Okay.
That for your arteries.
Here, Bambi, here.
Look this.
567.
Oh, that was Bambi Woods.
He was talking about.
567.
0560, 0560 on the 18th.
T wireless line.
Here's four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Four Lauderdale.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, in addition to the fact that you can just go into a target or a sports authority and go buy a rifle over the morning.
Right.
You can lie down with the liquid.
I like the way that sounded on the spoke and I wait a minute.
Woo!
Nice echo effect.
Beauty.
You can buy mail, unfortunately, no ID, order kits to make guns.
In addition to that, you can also buy ammunition reloading kits.
We go to own.
So I could sit here and legally endanger my family and my neighbors.
I need only ammunition.
Yeah.
But if I grill a hot plan, I'll back.
You're going to take it to my cell.
No harm to anybody else.
Right.
Call me off.
Fry my ass.
Right.
But I can buy all the gunpowder I want, all the ammunition cases.
See, gunpowder is good.
Whitepowder is bad.
That's what George Bush said there the other day.
Or was he the other way around?
Whichever way you want to look at it.
Okay, and have a great day.
Damn it.
We lost the echo.
560, 0560, 0560 on the, oh yeah, too many drugs over there in Amsterdam, Nail.
It's filthy.
Too many drugs.
Screw you, Nail.
Yeah, screw you, pal.
You idiot.
You simpleton.
You child.
You overgrown infant.
Who thinks you have?
See, this is one thing that I love.
It's talking to people who pretend that they've been somewhere.
Although he was there for two weeks.
What the hate of it.
I know if I'm somewhere for, uh, I find hate someplace.
I stay there for two weeks.
But most of the people here are so parochial that they've never been anywhere.
Even the people who are from someplace else, they've still never been anywhere.
That's the amazing part of it.
It's like, I'm from New York.
Well, one of the last time he was, oh, I was never there, but I'm just from there.
I can't figure it out.
You figure it out.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
You know, I hear you about the gun control.
And I don't think it's the, uh, politicians that's the NRA owned.
I think it's who owns the NRA.
Yeah.
You look at the people selling the guns.
They, I saw a piece of gun manufacturer's pal.
That's where the big money is.
Exactly.
I saw a piece on 2020 or something that you were on ago about, uh, the 15 shot clips.
And now they can't sell them to anyone, but police anymore.
Well, the, the pawn shops and the gun dealers sent out vouchers to the police department saying,
we will replace your 15 round clips, just selling back to us.
And we'll give you brand new clips for a reduced price.
So they, they can take these clips, these old clips and sell them to the, to the craft for brains out there that want a 15 round clip.
So it's, it's really who the gun manufacturers are really dictating what the NRA does.
Yeah.
What about this MTV thing?
Yes.
Born Hill made a statement in, I don't know, jet magazine or something.
Yeah.
Exactly saying that she would rather see her kid starved than a white person by her album.
How can MTV promote that?
She's, uh, just disgusting.
She's an N.I. Double G. E. R.
Okay, thank you.
All right.
What did he say she's from Nicaria?
567, 0560, 0560, 0560, on the, I just can't stand her.
I don't, I don't care whether she's, she'd be black or I don't like her haircut, but she can't sing for a crap.
Even when he martens things better and she didn't, he can't sing a lick, he can lick it.
It's, uh, at, at 1257 and 560 WQM.
Can you hear him?
My heavy boy daughter, Dan.
It's a long, just a little hour.
These outfits are clandestine.
They both kick your ass.
Yes.
We got a man.
We swelled in my day.
We look like kids.
We're designing.
We sing like a bunch of silly whining.
I'm just standing.
Our agency says we die to say.
We swear we're not a kid.
Our biggest fans don't swell here old girls.
School's thicker as cute as Cindy.
Yeah.
All right.
As they get older they all stay around.
We're hiding our latency.
One thing is for sure we gain many joy.
We do.
Wash our clothes off the delicate side.
Go.
We want to do a session with your fire.
Go.
But today we think that we are better safe.
We swear we're not gay.
I swear we're not gay.
Yeah.
You are my final.
Are you upset by love?
River, you're a beach. Hey, that's that is like torture at who is that battery boy torture. That's torture. It's great.
I learned overrated most overrated parts of the music today. Who's that? Warren Hill. Oh, by a million. She's the sheep garbage. I mean with the
battery boys and then thinking, know what you're getting, what you're looking at you know, 15 minutes of pain. She's overrated. 15 minutes of
pain with the back street boys. Okay. Thank you. We'll see. Hey, Neil, I've been called up five years later. What's that? I said, how you doing? Great. I call the tiger. Man, I love you. Yeah, I think you are hilarious. Yeah. I'm not going to pay you to my stomach. I think you're so funny. Great. I really mean that. I'll get a pain in my back. I was thinking about it. Have a great day, pal. All right. I'll give it a check. And the back street boys are God, man. Don't give me started again. Okay. Give me up. No.
See, this is what happens when you let somebody start getting a little bit out of control. You know, filling out of vacations. Do all these these terminal shows on swing clubs that nobody cares about. And right away, he starts interjecting his own little crap there because he's a superstar now in his online. He's a little broadcast. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Give me that phone book for Gainesville. Let's get JP.
He's number up there. See what he's doing these days. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Good to talk to you. Yes, it is. Yeah, about, you know, about guns. You know, this country was built on violence. Okay. Isn't that great? Yeah, I mean, it's you read history books. Yeah. So do we just accept that or we like try to. Of course not. Of course not. But yeah, you have to make it more civilized. And the scary part of it is. Is that.
People I mean, it's like almost everybody has a gun down here. And how many people are actually trained in the weapons they have. That's the scary part. I drive about 12,000 miles in four days for my business. And I look around at all these angry people. And I'm thinking do they have guns? Yeah. I mean, it's a frightening thought. And they don't. You know, I'm glad. In the Beatles saw all the angry people. Remember that all these angry people. Yeah. And they're here. When they shoot next year. Yeah, they're here. They have guns. And I mean,
do they even know the Ram even an owner of a rig? She said. And John. So I mean, I mean, it's frightening. But I mean, people want to defend them. People want to own them. People want to buy them. People want to kill people with them. I mean, this year. That's right. That's right. That's that's what everybody cares. And for so many call up that argument. Well, in Amsterdam in the 30s and the 40s. How do you know? Like if there's a lot of handguns that could have fought off the Nazis. This guy needs mental health. Yeah, exactly. I mean, and you do go to other parts of the world.
And you're not you're not in fear of your life. Right. You're not worried about that. But I guess that's not the right way to live. And that's why I brought up that story that I read about Detroit and Windsor, which are right across the Detroit River. Just a few yards away from each other. And here all the kids listen to the same music. Watch the same TV and the same movies play the same video games. And it's just a different culture. Yeah. And well, you know, I don't think people are ever. American people are barbarians who don't ever forget it. Well, and the American people don't
understand. They're they're they're they're controlled by the media. I mean, they're watching. But the good news is that Mike Tyson begins his comeback October 23rd against Orin nor our orlin noris. Yeah. And the amount of dollars he's going to make. I mean, the guys of fog. Yeah. And the race is and it's come back. And yeah, it's even defend that. So who do you like in that fight? Listen, have a great day pal. Have a great day. Just a joke. 5 6 7. Who do you like in that? Delah, why are you five? Here and let's hear the real men call in here. The real guy.
Guns, squeeze his man. They'll be calling in the hang after two. These are just these light and the loafers guys. You know my audience, my margin, a little tiny audience. 5 6 7 0 5 60. You know, if we had a real radio station here, if we had a real general manager, if we had a real company that would spring loose with some bucks, if we had that 800 number, we could be kicking gigantic big bloody ass here. And instead were forced because we work for a myopic goofball who thinks that the important things are his stupid ball games because that's the extended the limit of his mentality.
And where am I goddamn tickets, by the way? Well, I'm going to tell you something. If I have those tickets by any reason, don't come through. If that was just an idle promise made yesterday, which I really doubt, because I don't think even he is that stupid to do that. But if that were the case. I hope you got more of those swingers shows in the. No, in the vault. I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W Q a.m.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W Q a.m.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W Q a.m.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W Q a.m.
They want to grab it up and I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I'm going to say after one at 5 60 W.
I haven't spoke to you last week up back from Toronto.
I haven't been in there for over 30 years since I was a kid.
I haven't been in there for over 30 years since I was a kid.
I haven't been in there for over 30 years since I was a kid.
I haven't been in there for over 30 years since I was a kid.
I haven't been in there for over 30 years since I was a kid.
The most depressing thing was coming over to Georgia Florida border.
The worst weather I hit was at least 150 miles in Florida.
It was raining.
I never saw a drop of rain.
I never saw a drop of rain.
It was sunny and beautiful.
The best 10 days I ever had.
I get out of the airport.
for the get my car it is pouring down rain i get home in two minutes after i
got home it started thundering and lightning like the world was coming to an
end
and i thought i must be back in south florida
oh yeah you know where i drive for a living and i uh...
have to work in this weather and uh... you know the best
i wish i was able to afford it because uh...
come uh... spring and summer i'd be the hell out of here if i could live
anywhere else it be out of here you and me both okay pal hang in there
okay you'll find
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight tnt wireless line
how come a country is close with us
canada how come the people are so civilized and then i've blown each of
this brains out and all screaming about we want guns how come that's uh... the
story and down here yet uh... everybody's got a gun and every time they get
pissed off the goal of somebody we usually there are their own family now
that's the new deal
it's a suicide murder he killed himself and his four little kids and his wife
and uh... yeah
great
or just think how desperate fox and cnn and all those other news that was
how desperate msnbc boy they'd be out of business if we didn't have all these
guns there probably behind the gun lobby it's not the n-r-a i think it's the
guy they news channels
and channel seven
here's hi lia hello
hello yes sir
hello lia why great
one time listener
uh... i have to have to be the other days
i have to give you a call because uh...
i've been a listener years for a long time and
and i know how you feel about guns and uh... back
your opinion that
i deliver uh...
i'd rather stop for living and i want to make a delivery
at a local gun manufacturing place
and i can't hire lia pay the chance
no
out in candle
and i get there and i have to go that uh...
excuse the merchandise
that's how business
he says to me
all man great after that uh... little to massacre
mad because i apparently one of the gun today they use was manufactured by
this manufacturer
this is named orders of poor in it
that's a boy you know
you'll just write
you know you'll just write it they know it's no no no it's not changing the
mentality no no you deal with crazy people
yeah and uh...
uh... the cultural thing that you said i'd
i
at the same point of view as that uh... gentleman called before that
they live in cal city
it was all white and then the human started moving in and
it's uh... see that it's itself self-preparation cycle
i think because if the first family a white family wouldn't move out
the rest of the house will nancy out and and then there would be one you know
maybe one day one uh...
let's say black or his family will move into the block and then
fine everything will stay the same
yeah
people start people start panicking though you know
yeah they look around take a look at north day
yeah i know i live there
you know what my my i used to live in the golden glades interchange it when
like's racquet club right up there by uh... hundred and fifty first and
yeah i know you know that yeah and that there was a great place and it was
marie's restaurant that were good restaurants and it was safe and was clean
and there were like nice middle class and upper middle class people are in
that era
and it's a toilet now every every business that i used to frequent there
a long gone out of business and it's it's a
a sore
yeah but they know that the thing is uh... what the one is a question of what
we know what came first
you know the chicken of the egg yeah i know but uh... i guess it's gonna take
someone to stay around and uh...
and see if you know see if they're able to do the change okay well give it a
try
okay i'll take it back
haha
yeah what are you doing right now you tried
yeah hey mikey he likes it
yeah let mikey uh... do it five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty by
the way speaking mikey how's he doing yeah how come you never hear from our
good old friends at least we have heard from him once in a while you know i
i'm getting a little tired of that crap i can tell you right now right we've
heard from him once in a while but all these other people that we worked with
over the years that were supposedly friends of ours i don't want to mention
uh... rick riley
because i don't want to say that so you know once in a great while you hear from
him like syrup this is because there's so perinoid over there at the
clear channel that they have to do it like under you know
not i'm not saying that i need to hear from rick riley for any particular
reason you know i want to just mention him you know i pick him up because you don't
like him very much
here's a mobile in four peers hello
hey how you doing pretty good sir
wanted to address my comments to a couple of your earlier callers first of
the moron who was talking about paddling children
no that was a little favor
unbelievable if you do a good job of raising your children there's no need to
hit them first of all and definitely
uh... depend on the school to do your job for you don't have to take your job
as a parent
all right and it would be an addition to which i mean the the law suits and the
the school system is bad as it is i mean you got to feel so but that so sorry
it's a pathetic thing because all they got to is look cross-eyed at your kid
right away the rate of drag them into court
the woman who was talking about how you can't hide guns around the house she's
also advocating a responsibility is apparent
i have a twelve year old son
and i own guns i only use them i don't use them i have them for protection
and if they ever passed meaningful legislation
to take guns off the street i would be the first in line to give mine up right
i took my son when he was six years old to a gun range
and had him shoot a gun so he learned
that a real gun is not a toy it makes a real hole right i sleep very well at
night knowing my son will never injure himself nor anyone else accidentally
using a gun online don't advocate your responsibility as a parent and expect
schools or government to do your job for you
amen also there's one other issue that i'd like to touch on real briefly
meal that was in the paper a couple of days ago
um... john henry and the rest of the people uh... uh... and buried jacks and the
Miami-Aralden i must be crazy i must be mad yeah
who is his number one cheerleader have started
the PR push to get a stadium built for the marlins
and and henry was crying and saying if i don't get public money
i'm only going to build a twenty five thousand feet stadium right there is no
reason for you or i or anyone else in south florida
to put up so much as a dine to build a stadium for the marlins
when my child goes to a school that was overcrowded before they finished
building it right when policemen and and and firemen and public servants
are underpaid when the roads he's preparing
we don't need to spend money on another night not one time i'm not a silly time of
public money amen not one time right please no
please don't stop hitting that issue and hitting it hard because otherwise the
public is going to get pent over and you know what happens then okay
and by the way the line in all the rigney was all the lonely people not all the
angry people i know keep up the good work and have a great day you too
all the angry people i was just five six seven oh and it was a great call so he
scooted up there at the end five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the eighteen t-wireless line to what john henry said i must be crazy i must be
now yeah you must be if you think that the and you can call me a caveman you
can call Hank whatever you want to call him the fact is that no responsible
person is going to come on a year or be anywhere in the media which leaves the
two newspapers out but anywhere else from the two newspapers no responsible
person is going to come out and say oh yeah let's have you spend public
dollars to build about a billion euro god damn stadium
i mean what a shan that is oh well if i build it i mean i promised you i
build it if i couldn't get public money but it'll only be a 25 000
seats and we'll still have a crappy team and we'll lose a lot of money
yeah all this other crap who the hell are you kiddin man and what they're doing
just like this guy says it's a big propaganda campaign i told you this
months ago just forge your head like it's a done deal it's not a question of
if it's just a question of where we're gonna put it well i'll tell you where to
put it okay yeah that's where to put it
crazy man god i must be crazy i must be not now we see i and i
26 after one at five sixty w count it's getting so close to those MTV
awards i'm starting to break out into a sweat holy mackadon this is jubal on the
voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority
neo god
well you can't care about the way the people stare at the wall to me
where's long hair
it's all time bad
kind of days up all of a night so just do a place where you still all night
you still okay
you still go up and go down one way
you still got you say these moves so we need
a guy to dance and shoot and try to hear the lady because his
two years even it's saying a lot
say it a lot nothing is weird to sing anything
but he's saying a lot say it a lot
uh
say it a lot say it a lot
once thirty one at five sixty w two i'm Hank Grover from Flagler Dog Track at
two o'clock so i get two more pages from this
an array guy did i read the uh pages no i just the
saw who was from the beginning and his rambling his hysteria
two solid facts pages that are straight into your circular file
like i said did i read him no save the facts paper okay
how many trees are gonna have to get chopped down to make the paper for you to
waste your facts paper here that i'm not reading okay
promise whoever you are smundrick just accept the fact that not everybody
is as in bread just enamored with guns as you are
all the uh slaughtered people and that wasn't that they aligned an
element or would be all the slaughtered people look at how they bleed
so speaking of that by the way i was just noticing that promo we had for
the marlin game with joe and dav and it uh almost forgot about this did you
see of course you didn't see it because you would only the sports page
you need read a newspaper there's a sports page now
o'Brien to replace angel question marked by gets to wrote the article by the way
berry he's an asshole jackass
davel brine the marlin's lead radio announcer is expected to become the team's
number one broadcaster in primary tv boys sometime in the next two years
according to several sources close to the situation
and when berry says close to the situation you know it's uh uh uh uh uh who knows
he would replace your angel who status beyond that season is in doubt this is
continued on obrana green to a contract extension during the off season
see i'd the davel brine is great angel angel even though he does irritate the
hell out of me with his phone john mill or want to be stuff
joe angel is very good see the problem with the marlin's i know this may come
as a great shock to some of the people in that organization the problem with
the marlin's isn't the broadcast i must be crazy i must be not yeah that's the
one thing i mean we had christina moron here on a radio with a panthers that was
a problem bill zimper uh you know he's a good guy he's uh
people can take him or leave him they don't know who he is because he's a
carpet bagger but he's okay with the dolphins you know
and then of course there's always your close personal friend rimmer
which i'm not going to make any comment because he might buy dinner again
someday but i doubt it but at any rate but the problem with marlin's isn't the
broadcast is and why couldn't they divvy it up why couldn't they have needs to
foreign happenings on radio and tv split it down the middle i think the 10
fans that we got left there would be happy all of you wrong with that
instead of screwing over poor joe angel okay who can't even afford he can't even
afford to go to chiral's alphiari get that hair filled in
but they got to stick somebody in the back that's the way it's done it's a south
Florida ocking way man they got a nice somebody in the back here's
highly with four question marks hello hello Neil yes sir i agree with you we're
a percent you're saying about the gun control and that stuff unfortunately
we live in a society where it's better to have a gun and not need it
and to need it and not have it i carry a gun of course i took a course in gun safety
etc etc and it's unfortunate that all these losers all these lunatics grab a hold of guns
and then they make honest law by these citizens have to carry guns yeah like their kids i mean
our little kids gonna carry guns to defend themselves now too well if if a kid grabs a gun
if a parent has a gun no no i'm not talking about the kid grabbing it how about the guy that shot
his five-year-old kid yesterday because he was pissed off it as a wife and like i said
neal these losers these people well how do we how do we separate the winners from the losers how do
we see let me say it again the American society as a whole we have demonstrated clearly you have
to make laws based on society not on individuals you can't do that society as a whole is clearly
demonstrated in this country that we are irresponsible we cannot we cannot have the luxury
of having firearms because we're not responsible with them but you can't nowadays you're not safe
anymore i mean you can either choose to be a victim or or just try to defend yourself the best
possible yeah i mean anywhere you go nowadays you're vulnerable to these people that should not have
guns of getting hurt i mean i got a friend of mine that lives in the braska and he came down here
on vacation yeah uh this this last christmas has passed and what do you think he well he of course
he went back to the braska he said he would he would not move up here
right up in the world right but we went to the bakery center to see a movie and when we got out
about a quarter eleven o'clock he asked me if you wanted to strawberry shake we stopped at a dairy queen
he works for a jewelry store up there and his uh the owner of the jewelry store he works for
let him have a Rolex watch as a gift well it so happened that when we pull and you let this guy
where Rolex uh watch in my inventory let me tell you what happened we pulled up to a dairy queen uh
then he got off i stayed in the car he got off and he went to order his shake as he's ordering his
shake three guys of course that they were black pulled up three sparsers yeah it pulled up and one
of them was carrying a bat they kind of got hearing a what a bat they had a bat man one of them had
a bat in their hands the thing is he's he's looking directly what was one of them very shefield uh
the bottom line is if i had to unfortunately draw my gun pointed at one of the guys
you know for them to drop the bat i guarantee you if i wouldn't have been armed at that precise moment
yeah they would have hit him in the head they would have took his Rolex watch you know come on i
mean it's unfortunate that you know we live in a society where it's just you know what i would
i maybe i'll take your advice and i'll move the answer there you go you have a nice thing you
ever have to have another gun as long as you live you have a nice thing and you too and by the way
i want to correct one thing because i didn't make special notice this time because i don't like
do carry guns they they have uh you know guns on their side on their hip they have nightsticks
and they have handcuffs you know under our belt and they have like little guns not not big uh
357 magnum and i've never seen him draw one and like i said the only time you ever seek the i've
ever seen cops uh dragon somebody away it's some rosti guy who's been peddling drugs out there
in the street which they don't look kindly on by the way and and that's it and that's that's the
worth i've ever seen there and i've been there like 50 some times but like that kind of call that
remember the guy before when i vacation that had his experience in Rome the guy that went on
the cruise ships and oh my god they were rob the gypsies were robbing people it was terrible i
couldn't get back on the ship fast enough oh wouldn't you like to live somewhere where the worst
problem the most the worst thing you had the fear was being robbed by the gypsies
and like i've told you a million times anybody who can't tell the gypsies after the first experience
has to be deaf dumb and blind even rate Charles can identify the gypsies just by the way they smell
okay they all dress like gypsies they carry little babies in the arms they do the same routine i mean
it's like i told you it's like putting up a big sign saying we're gonna pick your pocket okay so
either run like hell and get away from us or stand around and let us pick your pocket and have a nice day
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T Ritalis line oh my god we're getting closer and closer
the MTV Awards tonight i'm feeling a tingle in my back don't get so excited about it because the
rumor has it that some guys up for like four five two hundred and uh 50s i think it's 300 awards
you're up for today is what i'm hearing a lot so you're so big
how young is too young
check out my dress they're poking on my dim a check
all right
no
Oh
much
Why
I like it. I like it.
144-560-W2M. So I'm looking at the facts machine and I see a facts with big letters on it.
And I'm right on target. Nice goal, Neil.
Neil God!
I thought that must be the NRA guy figuring if he puts real big letters on here, I'll read his facts.
And I look in the first two or three letters. It's not about guns and I see that name at the top.
And it's right in the where I circular file again. Another tree had to be wasted because of this gun.
Amy Aca. So he's not only in for shooting people, he's also for cutting down poor innocent baby trees.
Here's Hylia. Hello.
Okay, nice talking to you. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir. A couple things I wanted to mention. First of all, I just got back from Toronto and you are certainly right about that city.
If it wasn't so freaking cold, I'd move there in a heartbeat. That's right.
They didn't have one or eight months of year.
Yeah. The other thing is if there's anyone in South Florida who should be for building a new baseball stadium,
it's me. I'm an agent for baseball players and I live in South Florida.
But I have to agree with the caller earlier in regard to the public not paying for a baseball stadium.
If you were I were starting a business and we needed a facility, we'd be able to go to the public and say,
go to the building. No, that's part of the bank and it's on it's on a heard of this is the only endeavor of human life of human experience
where a multi billionaire goes to the public and says, I want to start something and I want you to have subs that I before.
For me. Right. Well, an amazing thing now is they're talking about how it rains here and it's a football only stadium.
Well, they knew that when they awarded the franchise. The whole situation is baseball figured will give them the team
will let it be there for a few years and then will blackmail a stadium out of them.
Right. It has nothing to do with the right. That's why they pulled that crap for the all-star game.
You bet. And it has nothing to do with the rain. You know what this is all about?
This is about the stream stream of revenues that is not flowing to the Marlins because the money that it took to
build Joe Robby Stadium is all the money from the private box is all goes to paying for Joe Robby Stadium.
Right. And as we saw to that the Marlins aren't getting any of it.
And that's what this is about. It's not about the rain. It's about the money that they're not getting from the
truck. But you know something nobody held the gun to John Henry's head. He knew how much they lost. He knew he knew that he was up against it
that it was very unlikely that the public is going to come up with any money and build a stadium, especially with our education
and our roads and all these other things that are as crappy as they are. And so, you know, why are we supposed to be a sorry for this guy?
He must be nuts. I must be crazy. I must not only that Neil not only that field, but wasn't it raining in 1992 when they awarded the franchise?
Yeah. I think it only started raining down here in the summertime after they got to the baseball team.
Well, and there was a dome stadium in Tampa at the time. So, if having a dome stadium was so important for baseball,
why didn't they put the team in Tampa? Right. So, it was all part of a big block. And by the way, and by the way, they're not drawn flies over there either.
No, no, that's true. But hey, at least they've got a dome stadium and what a wonderful experience it is to go to one of those, isn't it?
Also, I couldn't agree with you more on Lauren Hill and and and and please keep pounding the table on this stadium issue because otherwise, who knows what's happening?
How many politicians that that Henry's going to be able to buy off and they ain't going to happen, man. Just like the Penny sales tax,
they thought they could look at that through in the middle of the summertime. Yes, what bad bad judgment?
Well, as long as we got people like you on the side of common sense, Neil, things like that won't happen.
Okay, thanks. Like I said, please keep it up. Thanks, Ian.
In all sense of the word. Okay. Hi. Yeah, I'm a caveman. You know, I just don't believe we need major league baseball when we got people go to overcrowded schools.
We got schools in Quonset Hutts and all this other crap. We just kind of afford it. I'm sorry, John Henry.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Okay. And you people in the newspapers about enhancing the quality of life.
You're the people that ought to be ashamed. I mean, John Henry, he's a selfish guy. Okay. He's a businessman.
No matter how much money people have, they want more. That's just human nature. Unfortunately, it's called greed.
So he's got his own selfish interest that he's looking out for.
But you people at the Harold and the Sun Sentinel and they've got the Hutzpah to come up with these editorials and giving us a lecture on the great things that it'll do for the community.
How important it is to the community and to the you're out of your mind. You're crazy.
You're off your rocker as much as I like hockey for quite a lot. Did having a hockey team here and having the new arena out there right by my house.
Did that somehow enhance the quality of life here? Oh, of course not.
I enjoy going there and I am probably the biggest hockey fan in South Florida.
But for quite a lot, like I've told you a million times before, if they wouldn't move to Nashville, like everybody kept threatening us.
So pack up a sandwich. That's all. Pack them a bunch of bread with a little salami in it.
It's 11.4.2. 5.60. WQAM.
