Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
Neil Roger!
Called 567-0560 toll free for date and brown or count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Why are you airing shit like this?
Intro to the next week, Marker of the next week, Intro to the next week, Marker of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Marker of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Marker of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Marker of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Marker of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Marker of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week, Vincent of the next week,
Over the last two years, Nickati and Jun Compare.
brothers, consider him on a daily basis, look at notам so he gave his sixth single.
the Report on Flee.
And last night choking dogs would be an understatement.
That was the most grotesque and granted it was the worst of fishy any I've ever seen
in my life.
There's no question about that.
Lance Roberts was on acid.
But I don't even say one thing.
Even the front runners in this town, even the dubious people in this town aren't using
that as an excuse.
This was the most inexcusable collapse.
And especially with Burrey out and depending on when he's going to come back because you
know there are two Panther teams.
There's Wid Pavel and there's Wid Omedop.
Wid you've got a bunch of guys who out there who are inspired and some of them play like
they actually have some idea what they're doing.
Like they have a fire in the belly.
Like they really believe they can do something.
And the minute that he's back in the locker room because he's re-entered twisted in
the knee because he got thrown to the ice with no penalty called by the way in the second
period.
And he's not going to be able to come back to the third period.
Like this team pulls it.
This is a team that was ahead.
Five nothing with two minutes left in the third period last night.
And the second period last night.
Twenty two minutes left in a game.
And I'm sure that there are people who left.
You know it's five one at the end of the second.
People who probably left.
I'm sitting there thinking well we got to go to publics.
You know the dog food and soda routine publics closes at eleven.
Think maybe stay for about half of the third period and get out of here.
And before you know it right off the bat and the third it's five two then it's five
three then it's five four.
Or no actually it was five two then it was six two but there was Robbie in the crease
again.
On Victor Cosloff's goal.
Second game in a row here's Robbie in that blue area.
Maybe Robbie's color blind.
Maybe somebody ought to like show him where that thing is and the a crease two.
And that just at that point that was the end that was finito.
As soon as that goal was rapidly disallowed and rightfully so because he's in here with
both skates and a crease second game in a row.
Robbie you don't got it sweetheart.
You got the ability but you don't have the the fire in the belly.
I've been telling you that for years he's never going to make it.
He's never going to do it.
All the apologists all the guys that want to quote him and interview him.
He's a big part of the problem man.
Big part of the problem.
Can he was pathetic last night.
But I'm afraid I have to say that that could have been the that right there.
What you saw last night or what you heard about that could have been really for the panthers.
We know them this year.
Ten minutes after 10 at 560 WQM if you want to go pick out and have a great meal and forget
about all your troubles like that hockey game last night.
It was just a game okay but you know suicide found in order.
I'm a push the user.
Yeah come on go back here and don't be shy.
Got those important hits of him on the prize.
You may not know if I have gone or I'm going to sit on the right under your nose.
We make you fail.
You got it.
Well sometimes they fail like the game you go.
Oh the cheese that goes on my toes.
In between my legs is where they could go.
And I'll pick the mark there.
Under your nose that has the taste of the fail line.
There you go.
You there?
Oh give it a win.
I don't want it to be on you.
Check out that finger there cause.
You don't know what it's good for.
But it feels okay to me.
Well take a funny hand you know.
The fun of this isn't just a joke.
You scrub the off here and under that road.
Hey it's fun if it's where they may go.
You must feel divine.
You got it.
I'm the only one who's been living in the world
It doesn't matter where you go
I'll let you make you see
I'm on a steady slope of a day
You'll see a fool who's fighting
Chess and I'm the one who's feeling
I've never known that I could be in my life too
And say goodbye to you
I'm the only one who's been living in the world
You've got to smile at me
And say goodbye to you
I'll let you make you see
I'm on a steady slope of a day
You'll see a fool who's feeling
I've never known that I could be in my life too
And say goodbye to you
I'll let you make you see
I'll let you make you see
I'll let you make you see
I'll let you make you see
I'll let you make you see
This is the sea of the sea
I'm dying now, I'm here
I'm dying now, I'm dying now
I'm dying now, I'm dying now
Oh God, look at me
Here's our trivia question sadly
Here's the trivia question for this moment, breaking news
What does former, what does retired Supreme Court Justice Harry Blackman
have in common with Dusty Springfield
Did he died?
How do you like that?
Well done, we got all kinds of Dusty Springfield
Got a little more, we went out and got another beach boy
This album by the way
Essential, perfect harmony
Has got some really funky cuts on it
For example, it's got like the original mono version
I've got only knows but it's got the demo version of in my room
And all kinds of really neat stuff
And how could we have forgotten talking to beach boys yesterday?
Oh, how could you have forgotten Mr. Music?
Although you're not interested in it
Probably not
That's one of the very few records
Maybe that's the only one I can think of
Oh no, what about Barber Ann?
That was the region
Stayed, that was a copy of another
Hesit by Was by the Mystics
Usually they wrote their own stuff
But anyway, we'll get back to that later
So I started to mention before I become teacher
So NBC Channel 6 calls George this morning.
Can they send a crew over here to tape Neil talking about Monica Lewinsky today?
No.
Are they out of their minds?
I'm going to talk Monica Lewinsky today?
No.
Of course not.
Did I see any of it?
Do I care about it?
No.
No.
No.
No.
I thought this morning in relation to it was a course that all the morning talking
head shows were just sucking up on it like crazy and sitting around talking about either
how impressed they were with her or unimpressed like who gives a crap.
And then I'm just not you know I think all those drugs and booze may have fried his brain.
He is a real asshole.
Talking about that fat slab, a bubble, about disgusting and about how young and naive
she is.
How does everybody off?
If you want to waste the money and I don't know what Andrew Morton's book is going to
say and it's out today and I'm not going to buy it or have anything to do with it.
But I wonder how much is going to be in there about you know that when she was 17 years
old she broke up the other guys marriage.
The guy was like 24 years old and she was screwing him.
She's been a slut for as long as anybody could remember.
And she brought her presidential knee pads to Washington so she could talk about sucking
out and she admitted it last night.
Yeah.
But she's a young and innocent and he took advantage of her.
Come on.
Talk about getting off in life with a free pass.
And all of you wouldn't have kept the dress you to commit suicide and your parents would
have committed suicide.
What?
Why would they commit suicide?
There would never been any more story.
That would have been the end of it.
She's sorry she kept it.
She said.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Now was that before after somebody wrote her the next check?
God.
I mean all I could say about that is if you want to put it on NBC channel six.
That's f***ing bitch.
That's my comment.
That's all I got to say that there's nothing more needs to be said.
Get a life and speak into local media that said see they want to talk about that blowjob
story.
But I want to talk about a story in a Macarena last night was a much bigger blowjob.
One of the biggest blow jobs in the history of the human race.
So get home.
I mean when when Colorado scored I mean keep in mind it's five to one Florida going into
the third period.
It gets to be five to four with a few minutes left.
And I'm thinking to myself oh God you know I'm looking at my watch and I'm thinking I want
to get to publics.
I don't want to have to slip all the way down to with Dixie.
I got no dog food for this morning.
Now all of a sudden before even look up it's five to five.
And I'm sitting there preparing myself.
Oh gee well Dixie's open 24 hours down here at Navajo because I'm going to be here forever.
We're going to have overtime again.
Where did we have overtime?
No.
Because I look at my watch I look up again.
Oh now it's six to five Colorado.
I looked down again and I watched now it's seven to five in the moment that the seventh
goal waiting with a minute and a half to go.
My ass shut up out of that chair like I'd been shot by a cannonball.
So go to publics we get home and I turn on the TV wanting of course to find out the only
thing at this point I want to find out I know what a disaster was.
I don't need any embellishment from guys who don't know what they're talking about.
Want to find out the extent of Pavel Berez injury.
Is there any hope is he going to be back soon with it serious?
Do we know anything about it?
So I turn to channel four and there's that asshole Jim Berry and God is he an asshole.
And what's the and and these two episodes are the epitome again every day like I said
before it proves to me that what I say about this town is right on target.
Bush League.
We had one professional team and I don't care whether hockey isn't as popular as this or that's not the point.
It's a professional sport.
One protein play last night in a monumental game of cataclysmic proportions by the way turned out.
Unbelievable story.
That started out on phenomenally well where you're for a can for a with the three goals with this natural
hat trick the third one are shot that nobody in the world would even try accept him just
unbelievable.
We're on top of the world.
And go from this unbelievable euphoric experience to the proper in just a matter of minutes watching a team
collapse a gutless choking performance the likes of which we've seldom seen.
And what's the lead story on the sports on channel four?
Oh the hurricanes are going to find out who their opponents going to be in the NCAA basketball.
See I hate to break the news and I like Leonard Hamilton.
I'm in the airport.
He came up to meet Miami international several months ago.
I was waiting for a plane.
He's a good guy.
He's doing a super job over there.
The problem is other than that phony thing they had with a sellout for the Connecticut game at the Miami arena.
They don't draw flies.
In fact, while Jim Berry is doing the story and the gackies on there doing his usual.
There's a gackie sucks.
Exactly.
They're showing some file footage in the background of the hurricanes blown away some opponent in the Miami arena.
And all you see in the back is all these empty seats.
There's nobody there because nobody cares.
Which is sad, but the truth of the matter is nobody cares.
And not only do they tell us that they're playing Georgetown, but now we got to see the highlights of all the other NCAA games from yesterday.
Now we finally get to the Panther game and that disastrous collapse in the third period.
Is there even a mention by Jim Berry that Tom Elbury didn't play in the third period?
No.
Is there anything about his injury?
No.
So I'm nauseated and I want to puke.
Now I turn over to Channel 10 because they do that extra five minutes to get in more commercials.
You know, they end the thing 1135 before nightline comes on.
So sure enough, just in time 1130.
Here's the sports with Jimmy Cifilis up in New York outside Madison Square Garden.
Now this is the best.
Here's Jimmy Cifilis standing in the pouring rain.
Now do they really think that this is going to butcher up his image?
I mean, there's nobody like standing within umbrella over his head like they do with any other television station in the universe.
You know, you see these reporters out there to try to make it seem like they're really,
you know, doing something heroic.
He's out there in a rainstorm in New York with no umbrella and the rain is pro.
And you know, he's still a pansy, you know.
So he goes on, what does Jimmy Cifilis on Channel 10 lead with?
Oh, the Hurricane Basketball team of same same crap.
Exactly.
Carbon copy what we saw on Channel 4.
And the sad truth of it is nobody cares about Hurricane Basketball.
Sad they're having a great year.
Leonard Hamlin's a wonderful guy.
Nobody cares.
Now we get to the Panther game and I'm waiting and Jimmy Cifilis gives a look in the smear.
We see a couple of goals.
Paul Vellbury did this and Bob Abon, this and that.
And then they fell apart in Colorado.
We see all Peter Forsberg with a hat trick.
That's it.
Any information there?
No.
Now I'm foaming at them out.
So I turn on the small dish and I'm going to ESPN.
Nothing there.
I go to ESPN news station.
Nothing there.
Then I go to the doose and Lola be hold a basketball game ending with five seconds left.
Stay tuned for hockey night tonight 1135.
That's the wrap up show they have on the doose.
So I have to watch ESPN 2 which they did a great job of giving the up today
information about he re-entered the knee and as much as information is would have been
available last night.
But on the local channels do we get any information?
No.
Jim Berry and Jimmy Cifilis, I hope the two of you elope.
Okay?
You're both suck.
You're both the epitome of this bush league town.
It's 11.
What is it?
2.25?
Gee, let's get out of here.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
A young man turns 28.
He scored the sweetest bag.
I'll go on the next day.
It's too many seeds in your dime bag.
Getting through the party.
Two minutes too late.
Isn't it the chronic?
Don't you think?
It's last day.
When you smile, fall and break.
The free bag.
When you're already baked.
The free bag.
That's you just did and you gave.
Who won all the?
You're getting it.
Hard brownie.
That you already ate.
A no-donut sign.
A lot that you bring.
It's like 10,000 joins.
When all you need is a light.
It's like having a feel of it.
And then finding out the best 10 delight.
And here's a new chronic.
Don't you think?
A little too much chronic.
Yeah, I really do think.
It's last day.
When you're last, fall and break.
The free bag.
When you're already baked.
The free bag.
That's you just did and you gave.
Who won all the?
10,000,000.
10,000,000,000.
10,000,000,000.
10,000,000,000.
10,000,000,000.
10,000,000,000.
I'm going to play in the Macarena before the game.
There's some of these abozos walking around and coming up to me.
Oh, yeah, I see where else playing today.
He's going to really kick some ass.
And I will say this during that part of the game when everything was going great.
And it was so exciting and euphoric.
I'm trying to watch it objectively.
I'm thinking, yeah, he is skating a lot better.
And he's handing the puck better and he's playing better.
And I can almost actually tolerate him.
But then after Adam foot picked up Pavel Buray,
late in the first period and slammed him down on the ice.
And you wonder, okay, where's the enforcer?
Where is this guy who, that's the reason he's supposed to be out there,
is to protect the superstars, the little guys like Buray and Whitney and so on.
Where is he? Is he involved in any way, shape, or form?
Did he ever get involved in any way, shape, or form?
No.
To straighten their ass out?
No.
And then as the game progressed, you saw, as soon as Buray left that game,
late in the second period, you saw a bunch of guys turn into whims.
And you watch, you know, it's just a question of who wants it to worse.
That's what it was all about.
Did these guys want it?
No.
Not in the least bit.
Not in the least bit.
But as soon as Colorado sniffed the notion that they might have a chance to get back in the game,
here they're walking right in there, forksburg walking right in.
Hey, Duke, walking right in.
Joe Sackick just walked deadmars, walking right in on goal.
Right to the edge of the crease, they're walking in.
Untouched by human hand, sticks, or anything else.
I've never seen anything so disgusting in my life.
Just if someone would have told you, even remembering that Ottawa game that we blew a four goalie in the game,
and thanks to Whitney, won a putting six to five late in the game.
That was a hell of a game only because we wound up winning after blowing a big lead,
but blowing a five goalie late in the second period,
that's the first time by the way in eight years that's happened in the Italian League.
The biggest blow job in NHL in eight years.
Unbelievable.
Six goals in the third period.
And we got guys down here on the station, blaming Sean Burke.
He had one bad goal.
They're the one who got lost in his feet. He didn't know where it was.
But at that point, can you blame the guy?
He's lost. He's out there.
It would be like having a hockey game where you got five skaters in a goalie.
And the other end, they just got a goalie. Nobody else.
Okay, go down here and see if that's basically what the third period was.
I have never seen anything like it in my life.
Gutless, spineless, sissy, SpaceX. She ain't ready for prime time.
That kid is a defenseman like my life.
We could put my miniature picture out there and scare the guys off better than sissy's,
SpaceX.
Pragic.
Sad.
But somehow we'll survive, we'll overcome.
But I think what you saw, it was it was cataclysmic.
Because Colorado, I mean, Carolina wins again.
Again, there are eight points ahead.
The only way people were talking, well, you know, if they win the division,
they got a chance for the number three seed.
Are they going to win the division? The Panthers?
No.
Not a Chinaman chance in hell.
And with Carolina coming in here on Saturday for what's going to be the biggest game of the year at that point,
with no Palm Elbury, are we our hope side?
No.
I think you're going to see, I hate to say this, but so we have to feel about it.
Barring some miracle.
I think you're going to see this team go right into the tank now from that point of.
That was the death now, what you saw last night.
A collapse of cataclysmic proportions.
Hey, but the hurricanes are playing Georgetown.
Only in this town.
Only in this town.
Do these things happen?
And they get you know, we were having such a good time.
They got the sound straight out of the arena.
And I school and they got the out of town scores doing a great job with that.
I mean, right up to date.
I school on guys.
See when you do something good, I'll tell you about it.
Can we see the red light?
But then somebody told me in the air, Canada center in Toronto,
you can't see where the lights up there either.
Or they've only been playing hockey for 5,000 years.
So maybe you know, maybe it's like a disease.
It's going around like my rash.
Who knows?
Here's a mobile in western.
Hello.
Mobile in western.
Mobile in western who's been waiting 33 minutes in 27 seconds.
Hello.
Yes.
Right now.
This is just a lot of.
Yeah, okay, get a phone.
He's been waiting 33 minutes in 27 seconds to say.
Okay, okay, get yourself a phone.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, I cannot believe it.
I'm absolutely embarrassed.
Yeah, okay.
Andy from Hollywood.
Okay, one call left in the board.
As soon as I saw Ted Hollywood on there, I knew exactly who it was going to be.
That's the medley of our hockey fan right there.
That's the beginning of the conversation about last night.
By the way, there's a big article Dave Joseph in the Sunsetless morning about the
Maddadors and about how they're not even playing any arena anymore, which I wasn't aware of.
Did you know that?
They're crowds and I use the word loosely.
They are so tiny that the Maddadors, and I feel bad for Bob Snyder because he made a big, you know, an effort.
He made a commitment there.
Maddadors on set, I just keep sliding away.
They're now playing.
Let's see.
Where the hell are they playing?
I don't get it.
They play in the afternoon at a public rink because they can no longer take the financial hit of playing in their home building on a weeknight.
The game starts 20 minutes late because they like a league-required physician.
Despite free admission, approximately 80 are in attendance for the opening faceoff of Wednesday's East Coast Hockey League game, number 745.
The Maddadors against the PD pride.
This is a hockey town.
No.
80 people are playing like an, you know, on a frozen pond somewhere in somebody's backyard that they manufacture with a lot of smoke.
21 before 11 at 560 WQA.
We're looking at 10 inches.
Hi, okay, welcome back.
This is Safi Lee Gifford here on the radio answering your questions and helping you with your marital problem.
Let's go to the phone.
Hi, Trossy.
I have a question about my husband.
Is a piece of s***, a piece of s*** that cheating bastard.
Okay, next call.
Hi, Kathy.
Hi, yeah, I wanted to ask you about what you said about Bill Cosby.
Bill Cosby is a piece of s***.
My child.
Woo, woo, what child, the Lord.
Is a piece of s***.
Okay, one more phone color before we take a break here.
Hello, this is Kathy Lee.
Hi, yeah, Kathy.
I'm calling about that earlier call.
When you call that guy's mailman, a piece of s***.
How are you married?
Well, yes, I am.
You're a piece of s***.
A piece of s***.
You cheating bastard.
Okay, now you take a break for us monsters and they're up in the s***.
I want this machine started.
It's a piece of s***.
You just knocked this off the air.
10.45 at 5.60 WQM.
Hank Goldberg from Durala 2 o'clock.
The big fat one, Boost Shombie of 6 and Ed Kaplan 10 o'clock tonight.
We got Marlon's baseball tomorrow, baby.
Talk 50, nice short show, 12.50.
Marlon's in Tampa Bay devil raise.
The devil raise in VR.
Ready for that?
Here's a lady mobile in this line.
Lady mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Remember yesterday you were talking about the tops of your lid like fluttering?
Yeah.
Well, that happened to me and it's one of three things or all three things.
What?
It can be from caffeine which can be coffee tea or chocolate.
Yeah.
Dress through.
I don't need coffee or tea.
I don't need chocolate at the moment.
Okay, dress or like from working on a computer or reading a lot.
It's one of those three things.
Well, definitely not reading a lot or working on a computer a lot.
Well, dress.
Stress.
The other thing is I want to congratulate you in your 23 year and this is Madam X.
Yeah.
From WNWS.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
That's been 100 years ago.
Yeah, and I just wanted to wish you that.
Where have you been?
Living in Hawaii.
Really?
How was it?
It was expensive.
Who cares?
Yeah, right.
When you had the money.
Who cares, right?
It's her thing.
Well, are you back permanently?
No.
So visiting.
Congratulations, then.
Thanks.
I just want to wish you the best.
And I'm still here.
Yeah, amazing.
Thanks, sweetheart.
I take care.
They had to jack lord.
What's left of them?
Okay.
Okay, so cook them down.
Okay, we got an open line of brow at all three and dayed.
Again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
This is a trip.
This is panic.
Really?
Not a Linda trip either.
Yeah.
I'm going to go to the channel six wants to come out to take
Neil's talking about Monica Lewinsky today.
You people are bozos, man.
Talk about one dimensional.
Talk about a stuck record.
Get a goddamn.
Get something new, will you?
Hey, to break the news to you.
It's over, guys.
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello.
Hey, it's me again.
Neil, I woke up this morning.
I looked at my wife.
I said, honey, I just had the worst nightmare in the world.
I dreamt that we went to the game last night.
We were up five.
Nothing.
I wound up losing seven to five.
I had to call him a sector worker.
Yeah.
It's been nine years since the team is blown off.
Five goal lead.
I've been watching hockey since the day of the WHA.
In all my years, I've never seen that in slow and elite.
But the idea of the first, almost the whole first two periods
were so one so wonderful and so exciting and glorious got electrifying
everybody and then he gets re-engineered because you know everybody standing
around watching on watching him getting mauled by Adam foot and everybody
else is standing around that protecting him see that's the problem with
too many of these guys on this team they have no there's no inspiration you
can see it in the way they play the lackluster they're just going around when
he's out there they play with more motivation the moment that he was gone it
was like a bunch of ten-year-old kid stepdone he ice
right now i mean law got into that fight but he had to you know wrong guy
you know i accomplished a lot yeah well basically forced you know yeah
yeah well this game again last night i mean i looked at my wife and was about
five to three I said you know if they blow this game it could be the end of
the season this game Saturday really is the maker but it's the whole season
right there you blow that game you know the Montreal blowstack you box goes
passed everybody creeping up Montreal is hot as a pistol now they have just one
point behind Boston you know even they lose last night is not only two points ahead
that they got several more wins so they got the edge there the range they got
to put up Washington is creeping up I'm trying to the chances of this team making
a playoff especially if brewery is out for any sustained period of time now
you've been talking about the door and it's just unlike I just I don't know what
to do I'm sick to my stomach yeah yeah thank you very much and have a great
I don't know I don't even have the strength to say it but I'll try he shoots
with course take two and call us in the way wait to you okay we have an open
line and Brown all three and they were waiting for all those big to have fans
that were out there you know now I understand why they were talking about you
and basketball even though nobody cares about that is there a few or people
care about this as in none who were those 19,000 people socializing their
last night is anybody know five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on
the mobile one line this is truly and the late it is here's a mobile in
point and beach hello yeah sir I am so disgusted with this game last night
yeah I'm gonna tell you one thing they have only two leaders they have on that
team is brewery especially and that's it and the only time they get in the
games the only time they play hard otherwise as they collapse but you said they
have no leadership you're like the coast you're hard to lead when you're
sitting up in the stands in a suit like Dino is all the time yeah but they have
to get some good they have to go out and get some leaders on the ice there
where the freaking need a Meyer yeah need a Meyer I am so sick and tired of the
apologies for Rob Neeter my run this town this has been going on it's the
six-year now and the organization has got high hopes and and two years ago it
was BM saying oh well he's gonna have to step up and then last year at the
beginning of the year well this is gonna have to be the big year it never
happened it never happened it ain't gonna happen no he's a driver the guy's a
lost dog out there here he is he's a lost dog I'm gonna tell you they need to
get rid of him you get rid of Mueller Mueller's like I mean well that's it
that was a mistake they're stuck with their saddle with that another BM
mistake because they signed on the three years the guy was washed up the day he
got off the bus and got in town and they're stuck with him because nobody
also take him oh man they got you something I was totally sick to my stomach I
really am anyway it's a death penalty I mean we we go from I felt like so
Jubilee and I'm thinking to myself Jesus what it's what team is this I'm
watching it's so different from when I watched before I went on vacation it's
like I came back and I'm watching a brand new team out there and then all of
a sudden the moment that Burrella they realized he wasn't coming back they just
fell apart like somebody stepped on their puppy dog yeah like flashback it was
it instant and I and I can't tell you I mean like I said I just want to
cramps I'm just I am I'm so sick I guess I'm so sick I didn't even cramp this
morning and then like you said no one bound up yeah I mean I've been able to
had a call in the swatting to get me off of foot if I would have killed him last night
would you do the Burrella playing yeah the crowd I thought it was gonna be a
right there the crowd was filming at the mouth when you picked up Burrella
through them and and and the team like yeah well you know and we're all
smiling he's got a big smile on his face from ear to ear I was it I'm
literally dickless Murray needs to go to we get with a Murray and I'll be the
first one to put him a sandwich with him on the bus and have a great day sir open
line and Broward all three and they five sick the town that refuses to care the
town that refuses to understand I have any interest the town that just don't
get it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line yes
Virginia we really have a hockey team I know here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale
hello first of all this is not a sports show yeah yeah yeah yes what
asshole yes what this is the same guy that called yesterday goal he's gonna
kick my butt how do you like the same guy that called his show yet that's not a
sports show know what's the neo-roger show and he'll talk about what
everybody wants to talk about and if you think I'm gonna get sucked into a
contrived controversy because they're so desperate ever they got the rail
in town they're broadcasting out there they got the NCAA's they got that
Panther Cataclysmic lost last night they got all these sports things going on
and they're so desperate on that show that guilty thinks he's gonna suck me into
a big contrived controversy and Greg Reed comes down here yesterday morning
oh that was great radio and I looked at him like are you nuts and he says yes that
was great radio let me see it again there is nobody I know in this market in
this business who's been on here more than 30 seconds we even understand why
that puts us on here nobody and I'm gonna waste my time like he's on a year
he's he's gonna have to find out how come neo-roger's what are my
qualifications what are hangs qualifications like when I'm gonna waste my time
with him by the way the trends will be out at four o'clock this afternoon
Gelly let's see who does better into the arbitraron trends when they come out
for this afternoon okay sweetheart let's use got the numbers and I don't have
two other guys to suck along with me on the show here there every day okay like
you do and a step of eight other lemons to run around just George and me just
the two of us in here and that's it and somehow we still manage to fumble our
way along here's a mobile in candle hello hello neo yes sir yes enjoy the show
listen the reason I'm calling I've been listening to the I'm from St. Louis
and we're big hockey fans up there right baseball fans and I've always been the
type of guy that follows the team no matter how they're doing but I've been
listening to the AM station here for last year and one thing I've noticed
obviously we have no fans here no we don't but at the same time we don't have a
product that you can believe in there's no backing to it with the exception of
the the dolphins we're spending a little bit of money well keep in mind the
dolphins have been here for a long long time so the dolphin the dolphins are
firmly entrenched that's a whole different ballgame right right and the other
thing I realized you and Hank do an excellent job because it takes a little
talent to talk on the radio keep the audience captivated I listen to Jim
Rome the other night just by accident yeah and the man sounds like rush
limbalt will take one subject and repeat it over and over and over and then you
can try controversy very he's really weak but I think you're doing a great job I
enjoy listening and keep up to good work thank you so much thanks for the
question thank you okay we have two open lines and Broward one day it's either
not capable of discussing that game last night they don't understand it how
how is that possible there were 19,000 people there last night every day one of
my scene a hallway coming up the aisle hey neo I don't love your show but we
just have nothing to say no matter it's like when we got Pavel Buray that's
what this guy is the greatest I don't care what anybody says he is the greatest
athlete in the world today in terms of excitement in terms of being able to do
things that nobody else can do I know Jarmory O'Hara is great he's got all those
points he's sensational he's a lot bigger he's a lot stronger but in terms of
the most exciting athlete in any sport in the world we got him right here right
now and he's proven that to us what has he got 12 13 goals in 11 games and a
unbelievable numbers unbelievable performance every time he's out there watching
that short-handed breakaway goal last night was enough to make boost bumps on
your rectum and other parts where we can't even mention on a year and these
people still don't get it just like Dave Joseph said nothing about the
Maddardor is by the way it's incredible ice where they have to play their games
now a skating rink that's where they have to play their games in front of 80
people now because that's how much of a hockey town this is and like he says the
first home game we had with Pavel Burr with a head troubles on the game out
here because they didn't know who and I had no idea who the hell he was and again
part of the reason being the people in the media the gym barriers and the
Jimmy Seffalo and some of the people on this station because they don't know
anything about it they're not interested in it oh well you know that's we
don't care about that we'd rather hear about golf because there's a lot more
people play golf and watch golf golf is for pussies okay let me tell you
seriously with all the respect to the derailleur and the people out there and I
know we have to get involved in all these cluster forks that go on golf is for
pussies hockey is for real men like me golf is for pussies for real original
number one pandes and anybody that's a big golf and that watches other guys hit
balls you know you know what they call that when guys hang around don't you watch
other guys hitting balls I think everybody knows that that's a big club you
more on 1056 at 56NeR claimed yes where you flush packing
I'm out there on the house where on the street you could
hell and down somebody
hungry.
The great game, 6-0, 3.
Lieutenant, isn't that the group of senior citizens
who went around trying to get the early bird special after 7?
Yeah, look back and sound.
Let's go get them.
Good job with nothing.
Clean up this tree.
Hey, lady, you can't cross. Here you'll have to cross the light.
And there's a chairman who cleaned up this muck in the business.
All right, sister, you're under arrest.
Oh, so now you're arresting my wife. Watch the charge.
Search the powder.
I'm gonna first, um, let's see that white stuff.
Yeah, just a thought.
She's got over 100 bags in here.
Oh, what?
Wheat and love.
I'm like, restaurant, she just came out of.
Let's take a minute.
Yeah, very good.
Goodbye, my God.
On a hot movie.
Yeah.
Eladil Vy.
Remaring this ball on M-B-Z.
It's 11.02 at 5.62.
I'm so anyway, somebody, the reason I played that,
somebody was kind enough to send me the February 25th issue
of the Hellendale Digest.
Oi!
And on the front page, it's an article, The Lone Ranger Arrives,
Can public relations wizard Bill Lone create a new image
for the city of Hellendale and acts?
No.
And it goes on about the wizard who guided the revival of Sonny Al's Beach
is waiting for a sign contract from the city of Hellendale,
so it can roll up his sleeves and work his magic here.
Oi!
And it goes on to say, the image of Hellendale was dealt
a major setback in the late 1980s when popular radio tacos,
Neil Rogers, mocked the city as a sweet and low,
early bird dining crowd, which was aired on radio for several years.
Oi!
So I made that up, right?
Hellendale never recovered from the negative image portrayed by Neil Rogers,
as Hellendale City Commissioner has rarely initiated any game plan
to create a pro-growth attitude in the city.
Oi!
So I take tremendous credit for the fact that it's still all old parts in Hellendale
and Sonny Rosenberg and RJ Intendola and the Outhaste Gang.
They're all still rotting and they still smell the same, okay?
We can thank Neil Rogers for that, and only the Hellendale Digest
would dare to give me credit for it. Thank you so much.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
I was going to call you before about the Panther Game last night,
a unbelievable game, but basically speechless,
I'd not even say about it.
I just wanted to ask you a couple things on the game
and see what you thought about them.
First off, after it's five-three or maybe five-four,
but when it's five-three, why doesn't Terry Murray call a timeout,
get his players to the bench and try and figure something out?
Terry Murray was like a frozen object,
suspended in animation, standing there like he usually is
with his head in his hand, barely even moving.
Barely even moving. You're right.
Why wasn't there a timeout at a critical point
when this team was just folding up like an accordion
and get these guys together and give them a breather and say,
listen, we still got the lead here, cut the crap.
Let's worry only about defense, and instead of that, nothing.
He just did their helpless.
Terry Murray has shown me, like I've said, over and over again,
nothing other than the fact he's a hard-ass.
Another thing, Rob Dietermayer, this is in two games,
he's costed a three goals.
One standing in the crease in Toronto.
The one in the crease last night.
And in the penalty.
And in the penalty, you bet.
Even the power plate.
No, right.
You know, I'd love to see him.
Is this the last year in his contract?
No, I don't think so.
No, no.
I think they're going to make a deal
for another forwarder defenseman
before the trading deadline.
They have to get a defenseman.
You know, Murphy's out the line up.
And boy, I'll tell you, without him in there last night,
these guys, I, the last 10 minutes of that game,
watching guys just skinny right into the edge of the crease,
untouched.
And then when Forsberg scored that last goal,
I just couldn't believe it.
In other words, he just is big enough and strong enough
and had the determination and will that nobody was going to stop him.
Our people just didn't care enough to make the effort.
That was the problem.
I mean, I wanted it, and these guys didn't.
In a state of shock with the rest of the people, I mean,
you never see that.
I mean, it never happened.
Five years.
It never could cross your mind.
How do you do it?
You can't, I mean, have just sitting there, how?
Yeah.
You know how?
I think maybe they brought that other guy up,
Slava Boyetsv, maybe, you know,
shopper on the league.
I don't know.
He played, I thought he played good with Sive.
I thought it looked really good.
He's on the line with Brey and, uh,
and whoever the hell else was on the line with me.
Yeah.
And then on top of all things, look,
he gets injured again, Brey.
I mean, who knows if he'll be playing Saturday.
Well, put on your Yarmulka, sir.
Let's do a prayer.
I have a good one, you've got to bless you.
Let's say a brook of the day, okay, for the Panthers.
Oh, boy.
For Pava, let's, uh, heal him up real quick again.
Yeah, the enforcer, he's going to go out there
and that big black guy named Peter.
He's going to go out there and show him a thing or two.
Yeah, right.
Just one I thought.
Just one I thought I could start buying into his whole act.
And he does nothing.
Oh, and it's a little too late now, by the way, sweetheart.
Open line and date.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's up?
Yes, sir.
How's that, how's that rash doing, by the way?
It's there.
You know, has it been, you think it's been over seven weeks now?
Yeah.
Because generally, I think any like dermatological disorder in the skin
takes about seven weeks to clear up.
But regardless, I called yesterday, I don't know if it was a
or a case of the message or not.
You might want to try hydrocortisone, one percent ointment.
Forget that.
Don't you think I'm going to the dermatologist?
Oh, yeah.
All kinds of heavy-do these stuff.
No luck.
Today I'm supposed to fight out about my biopsy, whatever the hell it was.
I'm holding my breath because you know how much faith I have in doctors, okay?
Come on, doctor Stanley, today it's supposed to be the big day.
I got a nice scab on my neck.
Now, it's healing up very nicely from where they took the big plug out of my neck.
I think we're going to put it in the middle of my forehead, like Frankenstein.
Open line, a day one in Broward, 56670560 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
Why are you always knocking on the Embryon Murray?
There you go.
Here we go again.
Ascle Mitch.
See, we already had Andy.
We have Ascle Mitch.
Not talking about what we saw last night.
Just the same, or like most of the people in this town, the same old tired garbage.
Can't have an intelligent conversation, have no insight, no comment on how could anybody forget about being a hockey fan, a sports fan.
How could anybody even be there last night, or even see it on television or just smell it in the air?
I mean, you can smell a dense account, or like managed would say all over this town and not have something to say in reference to what happened as opposed to the same old sale.
Maybe that's what the smell is.
The same old tired, so crap from the same old tired guys.
This is what the death of talk radio.
And I would say to George during the break, the idea of a sports talk station in this market would be like having a Ukrainian music station in Anchorage, Alaska.
It would be like playing Chinese melodies in Rio de Janeiro on the radio.
That's how laughable, how ludicrous it is.
This is in the sports town, this is in the real place.
This is a reanta place, this is the land of the lost.
This is a bunch of goddamn bedroom towns, one after another after another, none of which mean anything.
A bunch of little fiefdoms, fiefdoms.
Oh, you can't put up any neon signs and you can't put up a satellite.
There's a bunch of little meaningless people who want to be important, like some of the people upstairs here.
Trying to push everybody around and screw up your goddamn life.
That's what this place is.
There's no substance, the only substance like I said, you can smell it.
It's in the year, open up the window man, close it real fast, roll it down.
Because you can smell it.
Oh, God.
That's what it's all about.
And like I said when I came on the year this morning and I, you know, not that it makes me feel any better, but it just kind of reinforces what I say all the time.
There's just nothing here baby.
Nothing here we got, you know, the sunshine, palm trees, water.
A lot of great golf courses.
Don't forget Hank will be on from Dorao at two o'clock.
Well, these guys they like golf, you know, they like golf because we're out there at Dorao.
What was that?
Remember that old Farts tournament they were at a couple of weeks ago.
Remember that one where they were pushing the guys around in not just in golf carts in wheelchairs.
The Jerry Atcher Calendale Golf tournament with Sonny Rosenberg.
Yeah.
A substantial palminor covers over this performance.
My sack is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearls.
I don't even have enough to fact us world.
I try to stick with lotion, but technology.
But it don't get no bigger than a golf fee.
There's nothing I can do.
All right.
I only got a three inch two.
Or you'll be disappointed when we reach my house.
Because you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a mouse.
Because ain't no big Mac or like a happy meal.
You just get more satisfaction from your high heel.
You're where I was in the pool.
Because I only got a three inch two.
You call that a penis?
Sometimes at night I wonder if it will ever grow.
If I was a homosexual, I couldn't even push in your stool.
It looks like Mr. Peanut without the change.
It's got capillaries instead of things.
I could go circulation with a big earring.
For Halloween I'd rather like a buffalo wing.
It's in a suction tube.
Because I only got a three inch two.
Even with a metric rule.
I only got a three inch two.
Tell him, guys.
Yeah.
You got a three inch two.
I'm home baby.
Got a three inch two.
Come here, honey.
Got a three inch two.
It's not one.
I want to give you a kiss.
I can only find a three inch two.
It's 11.16 at 5.60 WQ.
I'm happy Thursday to you.
Tomorrow we got the Marlon game.
Marlon's and Tampa Bay Devil Rays.
Remember when they first got the franchise over there.
All the right wingers were having a nervous breakdown over the West Coast.
Oh, the Devil Rays.
That's a tannic.
We can't have that name.
Yeah, and they all said tough crap.
Yeah.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Nela.
I don't.
Of course, look what happened to lightning after they named the baseball team the Devil Rays.
Maybe they're getting punished by God.
Yes, sir.
I want to remind you of a game in the early 90s.
The Boston Pro was winning to make beef gardens.
They had a five-nothing lead early in the third period.
Yeah.
Or six straights, remember that game?
No.
Well, that was great game analysis.
I was reading.
What does that have to do with anything?
Well, why do we care about that?
To determine why.
At least, could have used them goals in the third period last night.
That's true.
That having Curtis Joseph turned into a human civ after you gave up the first one.
Let me ask you a question.
I was reading the Toronto papers and they were saying that maybe they should make a deal at the deadline.
I think they shouldn't.
What do you think?
They could deal for what?
To get a score.
To get a score?
Yeah, that's why I don't know.
You're going to have about five or six twenty goal scores.
What are they another score for?
I don't know.
It's another defenseman.
That's what I was wondering.
What do they know?
I don't know.
All right, Nela.
I'll take care.
Good luck in St. Louis tonight, Pellett.
I like this one bad.
We need this one bad.
Well, you know, Kujo, he's got his moments.
We have an open lock.
Who the hell is that?
I'm not going to tell you.
You don't want to know who that is.
Open lock and date.
Five, six, seven, eight, five, six, eight, eight.
It's hockey talk again.
Oh, don't do that to us.
We don't know anything about that.
We don't care.
Of course not.
That's why I listen to the station.
Here's a Miami.
Hello.
All I got to say is two words.
Coach McLean.
He's got to say two words.
Coach McLean.
By the way, how's Marty Strockett that injured his shoulder last night after he scored his
30th goal?
That coach McLean wouldn't play because he wasn't good enough for coach McLean?
And that would make the difference.
Coach McLean.
He's part of the reason we got the tourist that we got today is coach McLean, sir.
But at any rate, here's a mobile in Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hey, Niel.
Yes, sir.
Last night, we're sitting there.
The third period, 17 seconds.
They come out, shoot from inside the blue light.
Oh, right in front.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be there.
Another example is before
viewing
I was talking about
singing different kinds of music.
ALER A MAN
all three of the three really different genres of music.
You can't, it's like comparing apples with cum quads.
You can't do it.
So each and their own category, whatever that might be, whatever you want to pigeonhole
in.
But when somebody calls here and says to me about the rolling stones and aerosomites, I
mean, granted the stones are going to have the concerts tomorrow night.
Some old guys who want to feel like their teenagers are going to go see that stale, tired
old act and make Jagger who can't hit a true note if his life depended on them anymore.
And that's fine.
You know, if that's what turns you on, if that was what cranks your chain, but to compare
them to aerosomites, and I don't care who came first to chicken to the egg, that's not
the point.
In addition to which you were saying all day yesterday, well, you know what, they're
earlier stuff.
That's what I like.
But it's not like they stopped recording like the Beach Boys 10 or 15 years ago.
I like their earlier stuff better, much better.
But a lot of the stuff I was playing yesterday was, was stuff that's just been recorded
in the last few years and it's great.
It's still good.
It's okay, but it's not like their earlier stuff.
Okay.
I disagree.
I think most of the stuff I was playing yesterday, like crying.
Oh, just unbelievable stuff.
Dude looks like a lady.
But I do have all the older stuff here too.
In fact, let's play aerosomites the rest of the day, man.
Dream on, sweet emotion, walk this way.
Oh, don't walk that way.
Don't walk that way.
You know what they'll start saying.
You know, I'm looking at the box score because it was just like most of the people who were
there last night, so mesmerized and just grossed out by what was going on.
I wasn't keeping track of time that this was all unfolding.
Third period, okay.
It's five to two with that early in the mu-goal on the power play.
Then at 715, it's five three.
And then it's still, keep in mind, it's still five to three.
And of course, that was all after the disallow goal.
Thanks to Robbie and the crease.
15 minute mark on the power play, dead marsh from Forzburg in second.
Now it's five to four with five minutes left.
Dwerry from Podin and Donovan, 1541.
41 seconds later.
Now it's five five.
Hey, Duke from Sackick in Forzburg at 1740, a little under two minutes later.
And then Forzburg for the hat trick, 1829, about 20 or 49 seconds later for number seven.
As they just kept skating right in, burrowing right in, true people around people, and untouched.
I'm going to tell you something.
You guys were out there playing last night and I know some of the list of this show.
You were a disgrace.
That performance is that I have never seen a group of people just cave in and give up just because one guy got hurt again.
I realize he's the main guy.
But like I've been trying to tell you, you look at the standing.
It's been a 500 team just about all year long.
It's a mediocre team that can rise to tremendous heights when you've got a superstar like Burrey Plant.
But without him, mediocre at best.
And the thanks to my Gruzo and David J. Sparzer and all these other puppets they got in the media.
They keep trying to sell us all the youngsters in the organization.
We've been here and has cramped for six years now.
For six years and there isn't any one of the youngsters in the organization that's turned into a star player, not one.
Here's a cruel spring.
Hello.
Yeah, yes, sir.
First time call.
I love you, chef.
Yes, you think you can get that money because I'm from no.
Two open lines in Brawler at five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Evan Tura.
Hello.
Good afternoon, sir.
Yes, sir.
Good evening.
First of all, happy porn.
Uh-huh.
Two positive things out of the game last night.
And what could those possibly have been, sir?
I think Boyle had a very good game.
I think he'd knockable me you down.
And that's the only reason why Kavasha got that goal.
Yeah, Boyle looked good to me.
Yeah.
And we thought it looked real good.
These two kids.
But in the meantime, what does that have to do with the price of rice?
That's true.
Well, then I won't even talk about any positive things.
Well, thank you.
How, how, listen, how can you find a positive?
Oh, I mean, I know you've got blinders on.
How can you find, I mean, even the most eternal optimist in the history of mankind.
How could you find blinders in a game where you blow a lead like that?
And your superstar player, the great white hope, re-inders his knee again
and got only knows when they'll come back?
How could you find anything positive out of that except we got out of their alive?
OK, well, I was just looking for that.
If you, I don't know, I don't know.
Now, away on the negativity like everybody else does.
No way.
It's not a problem.
No, it's not.
It's not a question of being negative, it's a question of being honest.
And I'm going to tell you, I stayed until the seventh Colorado goal
and we bolted it out of there.
And the people screaming as they walked out of there,
I have never seen a reaction in my life.
I mean, these people were pissed off and fired up, baby.
They were psychotic.
Well, you didn't have to sit next to Andy like I do.
Oh, well, good luck to you.
OK, give him a big kiss.
How do you like that?
He now is not only calling himself.
He's got his boyfriend calling.
So you just keep listening, folks.
If you have any doubts about what I say about this town is true,
just keep listening.
Not just to this show, all these shows.
Because all of these creatures out there,
you'll hear them all over the god damn place repeating.
All of these things.
All over and over and over again, till they're coming out
your ears and maybe even your rectal.
I mean, it's just unbelievable.
It's a cluster fork.
Did not hit that before?
Got nothing to do with sports.
It's got nothing to do with being a fan.
It's got to do with the little cluster fork with their little buddies.
Oh, God, Neil.
Don't care about that.
Our women need a 365,
5.000 T.
Fif.
We're the future of your around.
Good luck, Tom.
Found us by our side.
You include ourChemes.
I always.
is theみれとあると
はずと dumplings
Oh!
Hii
Are you?
Hii
I don't know if it's just turned out, we just turned during the break of rumor they're
circulating, they're giving free weed to everybody who shows up at Dural out there this
afternoon, which maybe it'll spice it up a little bit.
I think you got to be stoned to watch call, don't you?
You have to be stoned or just bored to tears.
Well, if you weren't before you started watching, here's the Fort Myers, hello?
All right, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got to work today after tomorrow.
You guys ought to get some kind of a machine that tells you when people are calling out of
the area you could.
Anyway, I want to start by disagreeing with you on your dime, is that what it is?
On, on, yeah, it's on my dime.
It's not that I'm too cheap to get a toll-free line for you folks over there.
I want you to know that.
The bees these are a bunch of keepers.
I want to start by disagreeing with you, but I heard you start to slam or Curtis Joseph
a watchton last year.
I started to slam.
I started to say, lander Curtis Joseph.
Yeah, all I didn't say that last night, he had a bad game, and he did.
Okay, I'll say.
I paid to get him.
I watched him send Colorado packing last year.
I love Curtis Joseph.
Yeah, when he signed him.
Did, let me ask you, did he ever have a bad game?
Yeah, he's had a bad game.
Even if you had a bad game, you got to watch what you say.
As soon as they signed him, I knew they were going to win their division.
I don't know the name of the new division.
Anyway, I don't live here in, in, in the South Florida.
Are, are the leaps in first place in their division, sir?
Yep, aren't they?
No.
No, auto was in first place, by three points.
You wait till the playoffs.
I have to look in the right there from your, from your mouth, the herald ballard.
Okay.
Okay, you got the man between the pipes, okay.
We'll see what happens when the playoffs come again.
Anyway, I want to say, you know what you need to play off, sir?
You need defense.
That's the least problem.
They have no defense.
You can kind of go into the pool and score to have no defense.
I have less than no defense.
I've never called, I've never called a talk radio show.
But nevertheless.
And I did because of this loss.
I tried to, I tried to enjoy the paupers,
you get into my parents live here.
You see it last night?
Sir, are you listening to anything I'm saying?
Yeah, I've gone out for a while.
I've gone out for a while.
I know you're spending a lot of money, and I appreciate that, but I'd like to have some verbal interchange.
Did, did you see the game last night?
Did they tell you that?
No, I did.
I wanted to ask you about that.
Well, you're lucky.
You're lucky.
You'd be in the hospital right now if you'd assume it.
Okay, well, what I want to say is I can't, you know, you're, you're lucky.
I'm not a sports program.
I listen to you in the morning.
I enjoy your songs a lot.
Yeah.
The three-inch record that you just played there,
the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the three-inch record I just played.
The ten-inch record.
Anyway, talk to me about not protecting your stars.
If you're all going to get some stars in this state, you got, and somebody wasn't protecting the man.
Okay, he got, went out to get that word.
He's more than a lot.
Yeah, he's got a lot of things to do.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay, how was he talking about, huh?
Something about it.
We were looking at the ten-inch record.
Talk to him about it.
Oh, I do like to miss the experience of this close.
Trust me.
Yeah, one note.
Oh!
Next, the backboard is the greatest property of all time.
The Beach Ward.
Which, by the way, so last night I get my tape going because they're promoing that Chennai
Twain Special on CBS last night at 8 o'clock.
There was a tape down here in Miami with Alton John and the Backspeed Boys.
And I look on a big dish and sure enough there's a G-E, whatever that one said like is,
G-E-124, the National CBS affiliate.
It's on there.
So I start my machine rolling and I come home and there's a blank screen.
745 for some reason that just went out.
So that letter I got from a stupid star connection that's not there, fault, by the way.
Q-Ansoles at Channel 4, I hope somebody over there gets a goddamn hemorrhoid, okay?
I hope you'll pop a big one.
Ansoles, you deserve Jim Berry.
You're match made in heaven and Joseph Gackie.
That's right.
I hope that Jim Berry elopes with Joseph Gackie.
Yeah.
What a pile of crap.
Oh, well, we got to write to the, you know, OFCC and we got to stop you people from getting your out of town network affiliates.
Jack asked, what was it able to tape that?
You know that Xionaya Twain, they had her on the last night as there was scouring for some information about Pavel Brey.
She said that before every con, now do you like Xionaya Twain, by the way?
She looks good.
Do you like her music?
No.
Oh, no, do we have to start with this again?
No, I don't.
Okay, well, the reason you don't like her music is because every, before every concert,
now or before she goes in concert, she listens to the Backstreet Boys.
She said.
Well, there you go.
I thought that would make you feel better.
You have no taste.
Here's a lady in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil?
Yes.
Hi, Annie.
Hello.
I need your help very much.
Sounds like it.
Remember, are you home, please?
I remember when you were at the ranch and the age of 4th and they found a wasm.
What the hell did they, it was a blood test.
I'm just...
No, they didn't find anything.
I still have it.
I'm getting the results of my biopsy today.
I have no idea what it is.
It's still there.
You mentioned...
Oh, my God, it's a hole in my neck now where they've punched a pull, pulled a bunch of skin out.
Well, that's what they're doing to my granddaughter.
Yeah.
So, uh...
Can you send me this back?
Is this Michelle?
No.
This is a...
Oh, because Michelle sent me along.
She's listening right now.
She said, after 11.30, she'll be by the radio.
So, it's timely that you brought this up.
It must be on a psychic wavelength with Michelle.
What kind of a doctor do you go to?
Uh...
He's, uh, Jewish.
You don't mean that.
She went to an allergist...
I have been, I've been to a, like, a doctor feel good with a funny nose over on Miami Beach,
who says you don't need me, so I'm not going to go there anymore.
I went to the Cleveland Clinic where they're supposed to know what they're doing to a doctor who says,
oh, it was the Adelaide, you were taking, trying another drug.
It wasn't the Adelaide.
And now I go to my dermatologist friend Stanley over there at the Center for Dermatology in Hollywood,
and hopefully we'll find something out today.
I pray.
She went to the dermatologist, so many of them, and the allergists,
and they give her all the same thing.
Here, take this pill, take that pill.
Yeah, and nothing happened.
And nothing happened.
Right.
Oh, guys, so you had nothing to happen with you either.
Not yet.
What was that blood fungus?
Who told you blood fungus?
No, somebody said, like, Greg Reed, our boss came down here,
and somebody said there's a fungus among us, and I said, yeah.
Yes.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
I said, yeah, it's a fungus.
You know what I'm talking about?
When it's a whole series of annoying things
and nobody seems to understand what the hell it's all about.
All of these things.
Then you'd like to get rid of it for a change.
Hello, Doctec.
Can you give me an answer to anything?
No.
Thank you.
Oh, by the way, here's the bill.
Two open lines in Dave County, 56670560.560.
I feel a lot better today because it's almost new
and I realize that most of the people in this town
aren't at least concerned about that game last night
or the re-entry of Pavel Burry.
They still most of them have no idea who he is
and couldn't care less.
So I feel better now because I thought it was kind of like
a devastating experience and now I realize it means nothing.
I feel better.
I really do.
This is the Neoronter Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Some stations give you tickets.
Some stations give you cars.
But this station is the only station to give you.
Magical power.
Because this station is going to render you invisible.
Invisible.
Don't worry what you want to do.
No one will ever know because you're invisible.
Cannot be seen.
It's a world of possibility.
You can go to school.
Naked.
Naked.
Go to work.
Naked.
Naked.
The other people who naked.
Naked.
All because you're invisible.
Just be looked at in this weekend.
And when you hear this sound,
it's a tense promise.
And you'll be on your way to invisibility.
This station is exempt from responsibility for your actions while you are invisible.
Employees of this station and their families are not eligible to be invisible or naked ever.
Party invisible.
Party naked.
People listening for your attention.
You win.
It's 1.45 at 5.50 WDQM.
Here's a fact that says,
you please possibly since you're so beach boys intensive this week,
play a beach boy dedication for guilty.
Would I go up to be?
To be continued.
Anyway, I get a card in the mail this morning.
I'm talking to the mail this week has been spectacular than between the faxes and the mail.
And here's a card.
Another one of those Easter cards.
Oi!
I always love people who know that you don't celebrate their holidays,
but they still insist on imposing.
See, that's the religion.
They're all the same.
It's just a matter of degree.
The more intolerant they are, the more they heap this crap on you.
And he's got his clipped in article from the Palm Beach Post.
This is about the guy, the sky writing guy.
We got the thing yesterday.
Love is in the year over Boka.
Pilots spread.
God's word, 9,000 feet up.
And he's writing all these things.
Love God.
God problems.
Pray on deck for Easter.
He is risen.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
So they asked this.
And he said,
I don't have the exact date, but the next two years he says.
So based on this article, I get this Easter card with a note from another jury in Boka,
who says,
Neil, you have only two years left to make your decision.
And closed is the clipping from the post to help you arrive at that decision.
Surely you must believe in something, Neil.
No.
Why not God?
No.
I suspect you may be one of those who believe in reincarnation.
No.
No.
No.
Don't fall for that.
You think God is the right thing to do.
He is so cruel.
He would subject this creation to come back again and again and again.
Yes.
What a terrible faith.
Think about these things.
I said, Neil,
all you have to do is accept it.
It's a free gift eternal life.
No.
Refusing this free gift will land you in hell.
God bless you.
Augh.
Augh.
Augh.
It's a free gift.
You don't think that God would be subjected to coming back again and again.
And no memory of the previous life.
It's meaningless anyway.
But now you have this free gift of going to heaven.
Otherwise you'll land in hell.
Stop and think about it, Jerry.
About that loving God.
Now if he wants to come out in time squared tonight, you know, on the EO, you know.
And it's big sign to go out in time squared, make an announcement.
Maybe now listen.
Otherwise.
No.
Big counties open 56670560,
Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, Hilla.
Haney, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Failure to take this gift will result in you being in the depths of hell.
Right.
Burning on that lake of fire.
Genevieve New York.
I'm so depressed that it doubled my dose of pro-zact this morning.
Well, it's good to see that most people here don't care though.
I'm delighted that I thought that this was going to be a barn burner over day here today.
And is it?
No.
You know something, the thing I wanted to talk about.
That new guy is first game last night.
What was his name?
Russian Goodluck.
The lava boot sire.
Number 17.
You know, I counted a number of face-offs.
You know, he won five out of seven face-offs.
He was in, but yet in the end of the game in crunch time when we needed to win face-off,
they put that damn neat emire in there again and he lost like eight out of nine.
Yeah.
What's with that?
What's with that?
Well, he's got to have naked pictures because no matter how bad he plays,
you have never seen him ever benched one game by either by any of the three coaches,
by any of the four coaches going back to Roger Nielsen.
He has never been benched one game and he goes out and can play the most comatose,
the most devastating, the most negative game like he did last night.
It doesn't make any difference.
Sure, he doesn't have something on them.
Exactly.
He's got naked pictures, like I said.
He's naked pictures of Murray and the two Murray brothers together.
They were the goat, yes.
Anyway, Niel, I hope it's Saturday night.
The one positive in this thing, if it can be, is if this doesn't wake up the steam,
they are dead.
It's comatose.
Goodbye.
Do you really think there's any chance that this is going to wake them up?
Well, you know something, if I'm a fan, I'm hoping it, that's fine.
I could tell you, but if it does, then nothing will.
Because this is the most embarrassing I've ever seen.
I went from such unbelievable enthusiasm and euphoria and screaming and yelling and carrying on
an excitement to a state of close to suicide in just in a matter of minutes.
People were, people were, you're right, going out of the arena, I couldn't believe it.
Everyone was like, shots.
They were screaming.
They were screaming, FU panthers, you know what I mean?
Just while they were just, they couldn't believe it.
But you know what I believe?
This was a tank job that nobody could have believed.
One more thing.
You know, I blame this thing on Murray, even though the players did it.
Because he did nothing to change the world.
No time out, no nothing.
He kept like he was helpless.
That's right.
In sending him right on the ice to regenerate the enthusiasm, didn't do a damn thing to change things.
So I've got to pin this one on Murray and I don't care.
You know what I mean?
That's just where I feel about it.
Okay.
Okay.
See ya.
We have an open line in Broward all three and they're pretty quiet here today for a day after this cataclysm.
Or what I thought was a cataclysmic event, like I said only minutes ago.
Thank God that people aren't concerned about such crap.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and 05, 60 on the AT&T world of the line.
They're more interested here on the sports station and golf.
That's what we're concerned about.
Golf.
Or is it golf?
Oh, God.
Seriously, just stop and think about what pathetic no-life people are watching other people hit a golf ball.
And then, you know, getting their golf carts or just walk, you know, walk up the fairway, 150, 200 yards, and then stop and a catty reaches in.
He tells him which club he wants and then he hits the ball again.
And we're involved in this only of course because we got to make the money because we got to make somebody that money back that we're losing to Wayne.
Paying to Wayne for all those.
See, I want you to understand one thing I've put in this before and this is not something I am making up.
This station and you pour underlings that work here that are underpaid which is most of the people that don't make squad.
You're paying a tremendous, tremendous price to feed Greg Regs' ego because that's what this station's all about.
To feed his ego.
So he can be the sports maven, the sports hot shot, have franchises of teams that haven't even formed yet, sports that haven't been invented yet.
We got to go out there and sell another $400,000 and Panthers hockey or else that's what lead color sand.
And of course tomorrow in the game in the Marlins exhibition game you'll notice that there are spots recorded by yours truly that would have been on the air during the show if we were until two o'clock.
Why is that?
I would assume that probably number one because the rate is a hell of a lot higher and number two they can't sell them are in spots.
Anybody want to buy any Marlins spot home sir?
Two open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, I'm so pissed off.
I knew when there's five one I said to myself, someone's going to run Burrey.
Sure enough, here comes Adam put charging him and then if you notice on the end board as a foot was leaving he flash Burrey in the right leg.
So I'm waiting for something to happen.
Nothing happens.
This is the goose that laid the golden egg Panthers.
If they look at Pavley across you got to sit in the guys out and take care of sitting the message.
And also this is the first time.
Where was the message?
I mean was the fight that Paul lost hand with Ajers?
Was that supposed to go out there and then we were in?
He needed to put Paul up on front sometimes.
It would play on the left wing then.
It would play center but if they look at Pavley wrong we got to go after anyone does that.
Also on the first game with Char when he came to New York and played Char a random.
And third day he finally flashed that guy to next.
And then the Philadelphia game days are then feared him in the leg on the blue line.
Yeah, I'm just waiting for you know we've got to get the message if we don't do so.
We got to start chucking more of those spears out there I think is what we got to do.
We have an open line at day one and Howard five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the 18t wireless line.
Here's a mobile in homestead.
Hello.
Yeah Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey I'm in the game last night.
I mean obviously unbelievable.
But what do you think about Murray's decision to lead Burke and goal for that third period?
I mean do you think that was I think that was crazy.
Why is that?
Well the red and the score the score was five to one go into the third period and Burke had played as he usually does extremely well up until that point.
What I'm getting at is that all the sudden they start getting through them and you just follow the whole thing starting to happen.
And what did he have to do with that?
Well you know sometimes you think.
And your team is pulled it up and stop playing any defense and they got off the benches all of a sudden they're making phenomenal saves pulling them out of his ass.
I don't know they pulled you know one walk.
I'm afraid they pulled him and he was playing a crappy game because it was five nothing they pulled them out.
What was the point of leaving them in there?
Right I agree but I'm just wondering if you know your opinion on whether they should have a lot of fun for that one.
Absolutely had nothing to do with it again.
People that don't know the game like Jeff the floor is to get on this morning.
Why not go Sean Burke?
I'm going to tell you boys and girls before there was any pop L. Brewery in a Florida Panthers uniform.
If it weren't for Sean Burke playing far better than we ever could have hoped to dream this year.
This team would be like the islanders or maybe even Tampa Bay they'd have no chance for the playoffs.
And that's the guy that honest truth and I was never a big fan of his.
I was not that happy when they signed in.
I thought I here we go meet the awkward again.
But the team goes into a tank job folds up with a choke job that's never been seen in history practically.
And now they want to blame the one guy that's held him in there all year.
Oh yeah he was terrible.
At a boy D. foe you really know your crab.
How's Eddie Jackamon do it by the way?
Maybe they should have stuck him in there.
5 6 7 0 5 60 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir. Good morning.
Listen I was there last night. A couple of things like you said before there are 500 club.
And I know you know horses. Maybe this is gilding and not the other name is you.
Yeah. That's it.
Okay thanks for your persprication.
So observation there you go.
Two lines left at a board then we'll go back to.
Will I get the same thing to turn me out of the kids?
We'll go back to that.
5 6 7 0 5 60 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Mobile invoker. Hello.
Hello. Yes sir.
They should have put Jill Zill in there.
Uh huh. No.
They're going to strap his ass off.
No this is really a situation where they should be fired.
The coach should be fired.
Yeah. Murray should be fired.
They fired because they blew a game.
No not a game.
They fired the other coach because the owner's wife didn't like his language.
That's why they fired the other coach.
No I understand that but I'm not talking about this team.
Other teams have this situation happen and the coaches are gone.
What situation are you talking about?
A team that wins and they lose three and they win one and they blow games.
You know what situation this team is in.
They're not the greatest team.
Sir this team suffers other than Brewery if you take him out of the equation.
And I'm not a Terry Murray fan by any stretch of the imagination.
This team suffers from a lack of talent.
They won without the other thing.
So what does that mean?
They played a Phoenix team that's been losing every game if they play a girl's team.
What does that mean?
That means they don't like the coach they're playing for.
Because they have one of those dinners.
They have the fucking suit dinner.
You'll hear of a player's wife.
I said that in the beginning of the year when he started that kindergarten business
with sitting guys up because they show up two minutes late for practice.
They're not going to put up with that.
I told you early in the beginning of the year they would not play for Terry Murray.
That's right.
But now this is why they did it.
But let me ask you this, who would be the guy that would fire him?
Well they would unfortunately tell you how pictures of the Murray's and Heisenga.
So nobody's gonna know.
No, no, no, he would be the guy that would fire him.
Wouldn't that be the general manager?
No, they need to fire him too.
Okay, thank you.
And there you go.
Now you're talking.
It's a little slow there.
Better late than never.
Oh, but the kids, the youngsters in the organization.
Yeah.
Four minutes till Hasmardi Strockard doing by the way.
Is he feeling better?
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
They stunk.
Will I'm Jerry Hallwill on the right hand of God?
And when I woke up today I put off TV on an instant of caffeine.
Or CNN I saw purple creature with a gaze sign on his head.
It wasn't upside down.
Try and go purple thinking we could.
Upside down, try and go purple thinking we could.
Upside down, try and go purple thinking we could.
Hey, tell us a name.
Well, just when I thought things wouldn't get worse.
I noticed he was carrying a little first.
How can they call this a children's show?
I'm 18.
Take a look at how the crowd goes.
He has enough time to try and go purple thinking we could.
Upside down, try and go purple thinking we could.
I'd like to tell you a call.
Yeah, purple thinking we could.
Yeah, tell us a name.
We're almost about Christian times as hard to believe.
But on the television he's a TV screen.
It has a purple thing pointing straight at me.
That was blowing an eye through the hole in the sea.
12.2.5.55.2.8.
And that by the way is especially for our friend the book of Brian Hader who sends me a four-page
psychotic letter today on I am the greatest entertainer in the universe.
He says I got the greatest sharpest mind on the planet, the best radio show in the world.
Despite that little retarded twerk, Boca-Brown.
And he goes on page after page, Rip and Boca.
I love Boca-Brown.
I've never had anybody other than this misfit who by the way doesn't have a name.
He signed that you're good friend the anti-Boca-Brown guy.
That's like going through life as the guy with the eyes.
Huh?
And there's no surface opposed to a person with an identity.
That's like that letter we got the other day, dear WQAM.
You know, dear Uncle Sam, dear world, the anti-Boca-Brown guy who has no name.
And no life obviously.
We love Boca-Brown, okay?
And he's a very creative and funny guy.
He's depressing, but that's, you know, he can't help it.
Dave County lives here.
He can't help it.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
So our poll question today, and I'm serious about this, what are we ever going to do?
Because this is what the problem in the world is.
What are we going to do about the gorillas in our midst?
Why is it that every time I say that, you become uncontrollable?
What?
I think most people in this audience would agree that that's a very...
Especially after what happened in Uganda over the weekend.
Something we need to address.
What do we be doing about it?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How come Paul Vel didn't have a big guy named Peter last night with him?
Yeah, I'm going to protect him.
How come he didn't do anything last night?
I'm all right.
But I asked him that.
How come he didn't do anything last night?
How come there was no retaliation after this took place?
I don't understand.
How come he didn't do anything?
Every after and kick some ass.
Every other 90 fought in last night.
How come he didn't go after Adam Footen put his head in the goddamn stand?
Exactly.
You take care of that, Neil.
Okay. Yeah, I'm going to take care of that, right?
Just when I thought that he was really a player, that he was staring to develop,
that there was some promise there, because everything else was going so well anyway.
And then we find out that he's really useless as he's on a frog.
Open line in the Broward All 3 and Day, the real quiet Thursday again.
Just like the day that I came in here that time after, I guess it was a previous vacation,
since I have so many, thank God.
And we had had that exciting news that we got Paul Velbrey.
They had made that trade and I come in here thinking that this town is going to be on fire.
They're going to be just foaming it to them.
They're going to be jumping up and down like Ruppel Stiltskin.
And now that we've got him and they've seen what he's capable of doing and the excitement,
I'm going to say it again for all you sports experts who listen to this phony baloney sports station.
This man is the most exciting athlete who has ever, it's not even a contest.
Ever come to this town and play it here for a team in this town and any sport.
It's not even a contest.
And please don't tell me Dan Marino and I love Dan Marino and he's a great guy.
And he's a hell of a player, but he's he's he exciting.
He's got a great army. He's a clutch guy. He's a great competitor.
But he's a statue with two bad knees.
Paul Velbrey only got one bad knee. Thank God.
Now in this town like I'm serious.
They could they could bring a million dollars cash in small bills and your backyard.
Put it out there and and have the people in town will go out.
Oh, what the hell is this and what do they want for one of the where this come from.
Boy, I got problems now.
Here's sunrise. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just want to say Rob leader, Mars, Nassau and the spiteful son of.
Okay, thank you. There you go. There's a good call.
Open line and Broward to and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
See this the reason you get these calls just like the torps like a mission 80 because they don't understand the game.
They have nothing to contribute so that you can't converse with them about something they know nothing about.
They're just more bodies and seats. That's what we've got bodies and fricking seats.
Here's Weston. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm a transplant like most people are from here in South Florida.
I came from Detroit about three years ago. Yeah.
A great fan of the game.
And I had to suffer through the Brian Murray era up there also.
Yeah. And I'm still the team is my red wings, but I'm here down here.
And we'll back these guys are absolutely right.
Buray is the most exciting thing to hit the ice since the ice itself.
And your point again about Burk, you're absolutely right. Did anybody help that poor guy when he got shelled?
He was incredibly getting shelled and nobody helped him out.
Guys were just skating through there. I mean, the one goal by Forsberg maybe was his last one that I remember.
That was the last goal, the seventh one. Right when he was sprawling around.
And no, no, no, this was the one where he just skated and I think it was a city space actor was the one that was trying to hold him off.
And he just with one arm held off the defenseman went around him with determination like it was like they cared and our guys just stopped caring anymore.
What kind of a performance is that?
Oh, you got less and spineless and cowardly and you're right.
The season is over no matter what they want.
I'm afraid you might be right. I think that was the thing.
I think we recover from that than I salute them. I have my doubts.
And Murray went out there and got himself another yes man being his brother.
Right. Bowman came into town and he tried.
He told him, you know, had a pair of stones and said, you know, get out of my locker room. Get out of my city.
Yeah.
And now look at him.
So I just want to come to you. Absolutely right. Maybe next year we get some more help.
Okay. God help us.
See what? Okay.
Mike Johnson's God.
We have an open line and day one at Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. It's eight minutes past noon on your make believe sports station QA.
We got Hank from derailleur from two to six golf stuff.
We got Boog Shambi with fat stuff from six to then Ed Kaplan gambling stuff 10 o'clock tonight.
Well, the former king of late night TV.
No number needed out of the middle.
He finds himself in the retirement zone.
Did I ever tell you that I used to talk to you big celebrities like tiny ten and John Embrie.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, eat your apples. That pops the early bird specials ended for 30.
And I remember me.
Get lost. Gramps your two old first star.
Man, please. Yes.
Well, you're mirrored there.
Oh, caught in a twisted world where the job ends, but the animals don't.
Good one sir.
It's the inevitable road we all travel.
There's an envelope of the head.
There is there is an old fart walking in dodgy diet at came art.
It's the retirement zone.
Hello, Johnny, you came art sucks 1214 at five 60 WQM.
I guess everybody else thinks so too, which is why Walmart stock is going up so I markets up 100 and something.
And that's the except 33.70.
And the down is up what come on. Let's go. We don't care about Charles beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We don't care about the beer.
We didn't even mention Jimmy Devilano, who really built a Red Wing.
Jimmy Devilano, who really built a Red Wing.
The Murray boys are good at offense.
The Murray boys are good at offense.
The Murray boys are good at offense.
The Murray boys are good at offense.
The Murray boys are good at offense.
The Murray boys are good at offense.
The Murray boys are good at offense.
The Murray boys are good at offense.
The Murray boys are good at offense.
Yes, this is where it is.
Okay. I mean, I can keep the screaming about it is what it is.
Just like I'm telling you,
go back and watch Godfather 3 again at one scene where my idol Puccino says to Vincent.
He says, you are what you are.
That's it.
This place is what it is.
I can scream and rant and rave.
I've been here for 23 years doing that.
Is it going to change?
No.
It is what it is.
It's a banana boat dropping off place.
It's a outdoor funeral part.
It's a place where the most exciting thing that God's going on.
is a golf right so there it is it is what it is how's Andy Garcia doing by the way
seen him lately no here's your field be chill out hello yes sir you know been
watching hockey for quite some time since about 1975 oh my god watch the bill
for you build the islanders and I'm watching him try and build a team here now
I see you to be doing a fairly good job but when you're watching a game and
you're watching a lead slip away during the third period Murray didn't call
a time out but what what do you mean he seems to be doing a fairly good job what
does that mean well with minimal talent and starting to build up on the
talent he's got a solid solid front office I don't claim to know enough
right now what is that mean he's got a solid front office what does that
term mean meaning that building towards something that's not a fly-by-night
organization they're gonna be around for years and years and years and I
just looking to trump this up and then sell it like other franchises in this
area like what what all like the mollons like you know you've got a couple
solid organizations in this area the dolphins are usually solid the mollons
goodness knows what happened to them well first of all Bill Tory doesn't own the
team weinheisenge already has been looking to sell it he's already said he's
gonna sell a hockey team has already said that no he very well made the problem
the problem was watching a team the other night last night I was at the game and
watching our coach sit on the bench and not send out retaliation retaliations for
all dirty stuff so that how can you say that he's built this great front office
well that's yet I'm gonna call it solid I think sometimes step needs steps need
to be taken and how do you get rid of a GM and coach the same at the same time
especially when their brothers yeah I'm gonna join it the at the lip maybe
that's why Brian can't speak to good they're joined the lip part of the problem
they're gonna keep getting away to see the coach sit there during that third
period and do nothing don't pull the goalie don't change up don't send
them for sure don't start off not to do anything I just sat there I had my
mouth open the whole third period just watched it and couldn't believe it I still
can't believe it and I and I also can't believe that the people in this town are
so disinterested that they they're just not in a state and maybe they aren't
a steady shock maybe they're in a coma maybe they crawled into a corner and
stuck in a thumb and I don't know well I'm a seasoned ticket all the sense they
started this team and I I know a few people on the inside of that organization
some people you know actually Wayne and a couple of his business partners and
they're very they're very concerned about what the people in the area think
that way that way you can't see the goal light when you score they scored goal
at the at the north end there or whatever and that is I agree I think there's a
lot of people are gonna have to start piping up and speaking up well I've
been screaming pretty loud I'm supposed to be somebody that's got a following
among the ten hockey fans we got in this town and here we are three quarters of
the way through the season and they finally get the audio straightened out and
we finally get some out of town scores and you still can't see the god damn
goal light we're not talking about major accomplishments here they don't they
don't care the only thing that they do is they panic that you know they like the
fact that the county built a new arena spent almost two hundred million dollars
they like that fact they love the fact that the people are still got a they're
hung over from three years ago from that stand to come final that that fake
thing that happened you know that everybody jumped on a bad wagon and then they
panic so you know they get they get forced into going out and spending all
that money to bring a get Paul Belbury which is a great deal yeah and I kissed him
on the ass for it but in the meantime this is not a great team this is a team
with mediocrity exactly there's about a move or two away from it a move or two
yeah away from what away from getting the building their young guys and they
need one or two more trades you got to get rid of a few guys on the team I
don't like dashing people specifically you mean like Kirk Mueller and a lot
of other guys that are non-productive I like I like a lot of the young guys who
are productive and you got to keep them and get rid of the dead was but the fact
is since you're talking about what great organization this is they haven't
developed since day one we've heard about all these youngsters who were going
to vorac and need a Meyer and eighty and they're all going to develop in the
stars and these people the coaches the general manager they haven't been able
to bring not one along to the level of being a star forget about super star
not one of them into being a star well in the closest they had the
closest than they had before Buray was Ray Whitney and he didn't develop in this
organization he was a young veteran that came from San Jose and Edmonton he didn't
come out of this organization I know it's not fair to compare and contrast when
someone leaves our team the guy named like Straco got like Barnes or a guy like
Ray Shipper that's a veteran that goes back in from a coma last year have a
big interview with us huh he couldn't get the side of a barn with us that's right
and then all of a sudden they get to a different organization they catch fire
right maybe it's time to get to that Marty Straco was paid six hundred thousand
dollars to go away yeah he was paid six hundred grand to go away because Doug
McLean wouldn't play him he didn't have confidence in him and Brian Marie
wouldn't intercede so they paid him six hundred grand to go away Pittsburgh took
a chance I'm bringing him back he's got 30 goals and they probably could add 40 if
he didn't get hurt again last night well let's see what happens with this solid
organization that I think and see if they can do something about I don't know why
you keep saying that where's the evidence of it well other than the Pobl
Buray trade and picking up a Ray Whitney for virtually nothing where's the
where where's the solid organization would you rather be in Tampa so in other
words you're gonna pick the worst thing in the league and you know I'm gonna make
things great they say you make no sense you know you're just talking crap
where I rather be in Tampa no under for any any reason the world will I
rather be in Tampa no unless it was a burn steakhouse maybe we're done to tell us
we have an open line of day one and Broward five six seven oh five six I mean I
I try to be patient I listen I beg for people who know something about this
who can have a conversation such as the question of disagreeing it's a
question of people saying something so patently ridiculous and not being able
to back it up with anything of substance how can it be a such a wonderful
organization after six years that we're straddle straddle here with
mediocrity here's a mobile invoker hello
uh... nea yes I know I'm so glad I've been watching the panthers now for about
five six years I've had tickets there box tickets there for a few years and
I'm so time to be blaming the coach need a mile this and that
the other team
that's all they are yeah the other team and the only star they have is
burray yeah that's it so I'm not shocked that they let six goals for one game
but that in the last quarter but the reason I call it last quarter there's a
season ticket over they scored six goals in last quarter yeah
uh... the reason I'm not the last to answer did you say that yesterday and
this has something to do with management
and that's what I call said that the management management of the
game a crap yeah I ordered a stupid thing we're the key line pie
to be for the key line pie
those are the key line pie so I put the horses can you please return and give me
another
you have to go through management you have to go through
to try to speak to the owner now which which
is it
was it
probably your here
yeah the one piece of one here and the bottom of the tent and the
uh...
okay well so I hope you enjoy your pubic here okay i think it was from
brine Murray
and the wife to charge by the way
alright yeah
alright well we've been getting a lot of really a great cause you know
yes sir maybe i'm just invigorated from my great vacation in Amsterdam
that must be it from all that hot case sex and that the magic mushrooms
it must have done it for me
maybe i'm imagining it before we're getting some tremendous between the
facts machine and the mail in these calls
you can buy some of this stuff for fifty million dollars cash small bills
all right love it
so what do you say was in the bottom of the seventh inning
always in the thirding stretch he said he was stretching it
right between chubb and the key line pie in his puts
and then when i look at that little uh... panther guy came down to your
rolepe together
uh...
beautiful
Oh, I'm a horse at the old barn door.
Got the saddle turned around.
I'm a ride on the horn.
Look in the style.
Postardancing all around.
There goes Johnny and his mother's not down.
All the man left and all the man right.
All the man needs a pillow to be packed.
Give your partner a silly smirk.
All going hand for a big circle jerk.
Volunteers all raise your hand.
Who's going to be the next pivot man?
In fact, your partner home for a drink.
Lift your lips and give him a wink with a great six mile
and a great six knot.
Let him know your durable deep plow.
Oh no.
Are you serious?
I mean, it's all coconut oil that has a little bit of moisture.
That's really good.
What's that he's beginning to breathe in the fire while I'm out.
Of course, I'm going to breathe in my face.
Whenever the home and people find motion blow up down,
they're going to happen to be flying.
I'm going to breathe in my head.
I'm feeling it.
Anybody ever see a camera?
No.
Come on, oh.
Yeah!
Oh!
Oh!
Yama!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Get away from the lot.
There's so many reasons.
I'm a see-in!
Okay, just a little sampler of the greatest group in the history of music.
We have an open line in day one and a brow.
It's not even a contest.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and a 5, 60 on the mobile one.
Great.
I think it's the time to say goodbye to him, you know what I'm saying?
Two open lines in day one and a brow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Happy forum.
And back to you.
You know, I love hearing people bitch about how they miss barns, they miss straws.
The one player they've never been able to replace is Jason Wolley.
Nobody ever talks about it.
Because they don't know from Jason Wolley.
They don't know that great job.
How important he is for Buffalo on the defense and on a power play.
They don't know from Jason Wolley.
They don't understand that.
They're limited to like a couple of names.
The only reason they know is to barns is because stew, you know, at least,
remember that game when Pittsburgh was here in the third period?
He's approaching our blue line and they're going stew.
You know, and it's like a one-goal game.
It's a tight game and they pant their pants and go, stew.
I get with it.
Somebody needs to give these people a life.
You remember over the summer when there was that talk that potman was coming here for Neeter Meyer?
Right.
Neeter Meyer was cranked.
I don't want to go to Toronto.
I don't want to go to Toronto.
I love to go to Toronto.
I love to go to Toronto.
And they're going to have to say it now.
That's why everybody in the league is on to him now because they know that he's a pussy
and he's, uh, that's him.
And they'll never unload him.
Well, hopefully they'll unload the GM out for this after this season because he just thinks
out the join every night.
All right.
Why do you think they call him BM?
Have a great day, sir.
Think about it.
It's 12.35 at 5.60 WDQM.
We have an open line today.
So that story you were telling me about Hank.
That was shocking.
By the way, I did bring in the game.
I'm going to go to the, uh, Dr. Ruben, what is the name Bernstein?
Well, same thing.
Dr. Bernstein booked for Hank today.
One of his cohorts better pick it up down here.
Diabetes solution.
The most important book you'll ever read in your life, Hamper.
A, uh, Hank.
It's on to that right now.
So what are you saying?
Hank doesn't go anywhere near the city of Miami anymore.
Wonder why.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hi, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Uh, I'm sort of impressed.
It's unbelievable.
I'm actually dealing with it before the smile of my face.
It's like you mentioned Bern, Stake House.
Yeah.
Well, what a place that is.
Uh, that's that.
Oh, sure.
Boy, real.
You know, the thing is, I know a bit about the game.
I'm not going to profess to know as much as you, but I know a bit.
And I watch that last night, and I'll be damned if I know where to lay the blame.
That's why that, either more of the ass go.
Well, it didn't look like he was all that bad.
He wasn't all out of position.
It was defense.
I don't know what the hell happened.
I mean, the defense looked like they were in position yet.
And it didn't happen.
What do you mean they were in position?
They just were outpourced and outpourced.
They were pushed around like a bunch of ragdolls.
But I mean, there's no question.
Colorado's got a much more talented team, even without the Oferi.
You know, it was injured and didn't play.
But there's no question they've got tremendous talent.
You look at their lineup and just a josecchick and Peter Forsberg and Adam Deadmarsh.
And, uh, I mean, you just go up and down to San D'Sosal and there's so much talent on that team.
Adam's foot.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah, I agree with you.
You know, let me head down five.
Is it?
Yeah, but with that backhand, when they let them back in, that was the point.
All of a sudden they said to themselves, hey, guess what?
We still got a chance in this game because they've just quit because they got their superstars heard again.
And they just quit.
And so they said, okay, we'll go out there and do it.
And they did.
He must have been everyone because I can't fall.
The single guy that you know, he fell down on the drop.
Let's say all of them.
All of them.
Every single one of them.
They stuck a joint out.
Well, what I'm spending a few hours, maybe that was our last shot at the playoffs.
I know it's a little, really.
I don't know.
It doesn't look really good.
I can't say it's your last shot.
I mean, there are only two points behind Boston, all of the, you know, behind and wins.
But how you come back from that?
You know, if they do, I'll give them all a credit in the world.
If they can bounce back from that, that to me had to be for any athletic team, any sport.
That had to be a backbreaker.
That had to be just devastating.
And yet a few nights ago, almost, I would say, never fully.
They're like, I just don't get it.
I don't get it.
Yeah, they've easily tied Detroit and came from, I don't get it either.
Ask the coach.
He's still standing over the Dumbledore Counter-Strike.
He's still waiting to call time out.
Yeah, I get it.
Okay, everything here.
22 before 1 at 560, WQM, your confused station for the 90s, where we dare to be different,
where we dare to talk about things that nobody in this town cares about, and still manage to succeed.
There's my lead.
When you're tired of fall, that fast food chunk.
And you gave some dearer, dull, or stunk.
Where are we here for the rest of the day?
Come on into the road, get up and play.
At the road, you can't play.
You get freshly run over motor meat with no additives, no preservatives, and just a little grapple.
Try the pavement pizza.
Chum-saradath smashed by a semi on top of a whole wheat dough.
Or a pool of hard-burger.
Two panties of pure mystery meat tenderized by traffic and served with a pimple.
Hi, can I take your order?
I'm so hungry I can eat a horse.
One equestrian special, Charlene.
So come on in five, road, kill cafe.
Suffers ready?
1243 at 560, WDQM.
You notice those neat new rejoins that we got?
They're okay except that they say AM at the end.
Now what, I'm gonna always say that.
Don't you think people that are listening know that we're on AM?
Don't you think they're right?
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello?
Hey, guys.
Yes, sir.
The previous call here, round the head with a pulley trade.
No one stepped up since that.
Nobody wants?
They need a big defense man.
Not a tough guy but a big defense man.
Yeah.
Gordon Murphy's not doing the job.
Everyone knows that.
Gordon Murphy was injured.
He didn't play last night.
He's not a good one.
Right, but he put a healthy scratch for the past months, often on the coach's stadium.
Yeah.
He's not picking it up.
Ret Warner has, but Ret Warner's gotten in a few scraps and puts him out for part of the game.
Ret Warner was useless as a bull frog on your ass last night.
He was useless.
They all were.
They all were.
And that's a hockey coach.
It was in the West Coast over here over here in Naples.
Right.
I put my tenure over bed after it was 5 and nothing.
He got off and we had to watch ESPN in the morning.
He didn't believe me.
Yeah, well, the good thing he didn't see the rest of the way to the nightmares for 10 years.
And he's one of my best players and he said to me, Dad, you would never let that happen.
What can I say?
Well, sometimes you cannot control them.
Sometimes you cannot.
First call in a time out of the high night.
We're still waiting for the time out.
We need big defense guys.
We need a couple guys to be driving side guys to come in there and help the world guys out.
Because they don't have anything around.
We need to then the Gillis on the blue line.
That's exactly right.
One of these six plus plus guys, which we do not have.
Yeah.
And one of the things, too, is that I do need a Meyer.
I get to about 10 or 12 passes game a year and I can count on both hands every game.
The amount of times he gives up the pot to avoid the hit.
Right.
Right.
His time has come.
You know something even Bre.
Even Bre, who is not a physical player, as you know, even a heat your tremendous check into first period.
And was out there.
They all have a penalty.
They all do.
And neither Meyer six three.
It won't hit anyone.
He's a pussy.
He's a real pussy.
You know, big disappointment in him.
Pantsists have no one to bring up.
They got to look elsewhere.
They got no one down there and Murray knows it.
Guys, they've got to do something to make themselves competitive.
If they make the playoffs this year, they make it on the heels of one guy.
And that won't make it past the first round.
I don't get no beat.
He's up with New Jersey.
Phil and Alfie, it'll be a quick short and very ugly feeling.
Yeah, you're right.
All right.
Okay, good luck.
Okay, both.
Peace.
Okay.
What do you say?
We have an open line in day one in Broward.
5.670560.560 on the mobile line.
We're talking golf today.
Who's your favorite golfer?
White balls, orange balls, blue balls.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
What a total debacle last night.
Right.
Unbelievable.
I want to give these people an outlet to a spew.
And they're not spew in too much today.
I'm really disappointed.
Well, I'm not.
Thank God the movie.
I said the play got farther part two last night.
Otherwise, it would have been a total loss.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
By the way, I got an idea for Vietnam.
I'm going to pay them for the White House because these sucks.
Open line in day one in Broward.
5.670560.560 on the mobile one line.
I said that earlier today that the all this country,
they're all whipped up to a friend.
You have Monica and Bob Malala who can't speak five words.
If you have the gun to wear head and channel six calls this morning.
Okay, they come over and tape the show today.
And here, Neil talking about Monica.
I said, if we're going to talk about that.
And like I said, there was a much bigger blow job that took place right here in town last night.
That even Monica wouldn't believe.
One of the biggest blow jobs in history of the human race right in the old Macarena.
Right in the National Car Rectal Center.
You know what they did?
They they did.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
About last night.
My daughter still killed me from going them.
Yeah.
I had to I had to blow them to relieve my rage.
Yeah, I was just on my mind.
I disagree with you on one thing.
What?
About these about these players we have.
Right at the board.
Do you remember his rookie year?
The kid was great.
Neil.
He wasn't great.
He was very, very good for him.
He showed tremendous prey.
I think he's I think he's playing better now than he was then.
He's faster.
He's got to make more chances.
But he's nothing ever happened.
He doesn't finish.
He's got ten goals.
That doesn't make a story for anybody.
What about your father?
What about Robbie?
What about that one?
So what?
He's being able to go over and back.
Sir, what are you disagreeing about?
That's exactly what I said.
I said that.
I'm saying that you're not here.
Can I say one thing?
Can I say one thing?
They kept telling us.
And just a few days ago in the paper, there was this thing about all the youth movement is
paying off and all these young kids in the organization.
This is the line that BM has been selling for all these years now.
And not one of them develops.
They all show a lot of promise.
But you know something?
Nothing happens.
Right.
Because these coaches we had and the owners and managers and everything, they're not developing them.
Yeah.
I agree.
You remember I think they have a lot of talent.
It's just like now you look at Kavasha, you look at Boyle, you look at this kid, the bootsyeth,
and you say, wow, these guys look like they could really be something.
But I have no reason to believe that they'll be developing anything here because nothing happens.
Only because of the management.
I agree.
I mean, I think these kids have so much potential.
You know what I mean?
And that nothing.
I mean Rob, look at the power of this kid.
He gets to be sick.
Yeah.
And he retarded.
He's looking at what he's up.
He's a pussy.
He's a pussy.
No motivation.
He's in on cloud nine.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can't take him any more.
I'm going to go to the Ansto.
That's what I hear.
Okay.
Calm down.
Take two and call us tomorrow.
We have open line of date.
He's getting a lot.
In case your roses listening, Robbie's getting plenty.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
That's why I didn't want to go to Toronto.
We didn't want to leave that good.
Behind.
Okay.
Here's a mobile and Delray B.
Chilla.
Mobile and Delray.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Yeah, just a couple of comments about the game.
First and second period, we're before checking my crazy.
They weren't able to bring the puck past their own blue line without, you know, a long pass.
Right.
And that went fast.
I don't remember an early Colorado power play in that game last night, the first appeared.
They couldn't get across center ice under power play.
Yep.
And then in the third period, when we really started falling apart, they're coming out five men.
You know, they had five men in the neutral zone.
And this is after Buray left a game.
Yep.
And then they weren't contested.
And until, you know, they went from there and all the way to the neutral zone.
We contest them at the blue line, you know, weekly.
You know, that didn't do, you know, didn't do anything.
By the way, how Chris Wells do last night?
I saw him up in a stand again.
Oh, yeah, he was cheering.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
We have an open line of days.
Five, six, seven.
By the way, five games for Chris and team.
He made his comeback.
How many points?
How many, how many goals?
How many is this?
How many points?
Thank you.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60.
He's a project.
You see, you can play, you can manipulate all this verbal crap that you want to be in.
And all these other guys that like to manipulate the media, manipulate their lips, and manipulate the public.
The fact is, there it is right there in front of you, man.
An ugly, ugly, ugly scene.
Here is Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Wow.
Besides the game, I went to last night.
I had the opportunity to go to Trials, the lease of the Panthers up there.
Saturday?
Saturday.
Right.
I really love the Air Canada Center.
I have all the deck seats up there.
Well, you know, Guy from Toronto, who has been up there a few days ago, maybe the same game was telling me that the Air Canada Center is nice, but it's not as the lobby, for example, the area in the lobby isn't as wide and spacious as the Macarena.
And he said, you know, it's glitzy and it's nice, but it's no atmosphere.
Oh, that part of it might be a little bit true, but the upper deck, you have Fanny Room, you got Legroom, and the flight lines are so much better.
The Macarena, the guys heads always blocking my view.
I'm looking around.
I can't see nothing in Canada.
It was great.
I can see the hallways, the fans, the sightseeing.
And then the other guy told me that you, one of the goal lights at the Air Canada Center at the hangar, as they call it.
You can't see it.
It's just like here.
And the shot clock didn't work there at night either.
Oh, and this is in Toronto.
Yeah.
Boston, you would have spinning in his grave.
I was reading an article up there, I was there on the Toronto newspaper, they're talking about how I have problems with the ice, because they're not used to having basketball and hockey back in the summer.
You said you need at least three days to really get it set working well.
Well, they better get some tips, because they do it in Boston, they do it in Detroit, they've been doing a lot of other places for years, they better learn what it's all about.
Just another thing.
Well, I was a kid, I used to go to Allen Stanley's hockey camp, because I lived in Rochester.
I always wondered what happened to Allen Stanley, and finally, when they had the final ceremonies that they believed in, there he was.
I always wondered what happened to him.
The guy looked just the same, I was, he did 25 years ago.
That was great.
I look great.
Gordon and Stanley, Brewer and Vaughn.
Oh, man.
The police had their own, like a little home fame up in the, like around the second floor at the Air Canada Center.
They were really into forms and photos and stuff.
I would pay a home of fame that day too, but five hours there, I was great.
I'll get up there before the season ends.
Yeah.
Well, thank you.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Bye-bye.
Goldie's scoy.
Had a tough game last night, but like I said, who, Joe, yes.
He won't think about Curtis Joseph.
He'll play great, like the first game down here.
He'll play great for most of the game.
And then as soon as he gives up the first one, all of a sudden, all, he loses a confidence, and he becomes a student.
Doesn't happen too often, thank God, but it happens like last night against Jersey.
Hey, let's not talk about this stuff.
Let's talk about important stuff like golf.
Open line in the, uh, uh, Broward to a five six seven.
Let's get some lunch, by the way.
If you haven't seen here starving, I thought, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I like that.
I gotta get some food in this joint.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Some of that, uh, Nisi balls sound good with cheese and, uh, meat and cheese and whatever that is in there.
Some of those good balls.
Not to truck the salty ones.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, me, how you doing today?
Great. Never been better, sir.
I think I'm making a comeback in spite.
I think that game shook me out of my, uh, whatever I've had.
Uh, I'm sure it did because I got home last night and my dad told me it's five to zero.
I was so happy and everything.
I got to work this morning.
Yeah.
I thought seven to five.
Right.
I couldn't, I couldn't believe it.
The fact that they tied it was staggering.
The fact that they then went on the score two quick goals, like in about a half a second.
And one seven to five, like we had left the ice.
This was just you left their speechless speech.
I didn't get to see any of the game, but I would like to know were they were they actually on the ice at the end of the game?
No, they actually I think you know how the buzzer keeps going off at the wrong time and you're reading it.
Yeah, I think they heard that and they like left with about ten minutes to go and that created a problem for Sean Burke.
Everybody left except the gold tender.
Wow. That's amazing.
And by the way, I want to apologize because nobody else with I want to apologize to Sean Burke,
who's played so great this season that gets no credit from on behalf of the others teammates who owe him an apology.
They left him alone.
They left him naked, which is a theory of thought, by the way.
Sean Burke is God.
He's been great.
And when some Jack ball like Jeff, the florist gets on here and blames Sean Burke for losing a game last night,
he don't always ask from Ed Jackamons elbow.
Yep.
They explode.
They've been Brad Park.
Yes, sir.
Were you fudge back in?
Week.
Great week.
Was that week or what?
All right.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60.
I mean, just the way he said it would know and I fit right in well, by the way.
Perfect for this time with no feeling, no emotion, no passion.
Where's the passion?
23 years and a few days have been searching for the passion this time.
If I found it, will I ever find it?
No.
How about the passion?
No.
Yeah.
Isn't that am?
The Neil Rogers show on 5 60 WQ AM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
It's the Lauderdale to the Lourd.
Build the cars in Monica, the China.
Are you sure?
She left out of Giggle.
When he makes an wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Or a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
All right.
Well, she don't know where a stocky goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor, door and human horror.
And then I can saw the turnseater box, mean saw her naked.
Stars reportedly to go in blind.
Now, Clinton, he was working hard late nights in the overrear office.
Working on a practical joke.
She took a maximum noodle for an exploded, loaded for Monica.
Was flowing rings us, folks.
Build the cars in Monica, the China.
She left out of Giggle.
Every time he makes an wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do.
She's not the kind you can do in the behind.
Or a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
Or before feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
A female link in that room.
She was born in, born in Al Gore was doing her with Bill's old bomb.
Build the cars in Monica, the China.
She left out of Giggle.
Every friggin time he makes an wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Or before feel that Hillary was wrong.
But, she was not the kind you can do in the behind.
Or before feel that Hillary was wrong.
Or before feel that Hillary was wrong.
Or before feel that Hillary was wrong.
Oh, I just think it's like, by the way, this brings to mind a wild stir.
I heard it the arena last night before the game.
You know how they put the new carpeting in upstairs at Power 96?
And rumor is the guy was in a process of laying it in the carpeting too.
And somebody I don't want to say was from the morning show on Power 96
was munching carpet up on the third floor.
We have an open line and Broward to and date 5 6 7 0 5 60
and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That's the rumor.
Do we believe it?
Yes.
Here's Miami Springs.
Hello.
Do you want a motion?
What is it?
You're going to spew.
I'm ready to spew about this.
Yeah.
I've had it.
This thing really knows that he finally says something I agree with last night.
Yeah.
You got to compete.
I don't care what level of sports you play.
I play hockey at $150 to play 12 games in a league.
Yes, sir.
And every time I go out there, I love being out there and I skate my ass off.
At every level with any sports club, you've got to want to compete.
They just didn't want to do it last night.
How can you have an entire team?
How can you have all these people out there putting out no effort except for Sean Berker
who has left the pencils?
How can you have that?
How is it possible?
The only person that there's no blame for this is Pavel.
Right.
But he was not there at that time.
Exactly.
It's the only reason why every player on that ice deserves some of the blame for this.
I'm not saying it was Sean Berchfalt but I think the thing to do and it was 5 3 5 4.
Take the time.
You'd pull the goal.
Even if it's not his fault.
No, don't pull the goal.
I'll just call a timeout and settle everybody down.
I think you can make a chance to catch his breath.
I think you can make the change because it's the last night.
I don't.
I don't.
Not at that point in the game.
What do you mean?
I, I, I, I, I, I, something had been on time out.
I say I would have seen change in the goal within this thing to do.
Okay.
I'm glad you think that's your, I don't agree.
You can keep saying that over and over and over and you're,
will we just disagree?
I don't put out on the river with that.
I've known it one other point.
About this organization.
Yes.
You had it right on the head.
We've been counted the, the company line on this for three, four, now.
The only person in the organization he says it the same way with the same, you know,
Lisbon, the same bull crap and the same affectation and the affectation on the organization.
He's been peddling the same line and David J. Neil and Michael Russo keep putting this crap in the newspaper.
Whatever they tell him to put in there, they just keep feeding through the propaganda mill.
And the people there, most of them are so unknowledgeable about it.
Oh yeah, that's right.
This one's going to be great and the meantime they're not.
You've got young kids pushing for a roster spot.
They're giving the damn roster spot.
That's right.
They're feeding me a mile down.
Yeah.
They caught me a down.
Right, well, they did like that.
I don't know, I don't know their, their, their ass from the end of their hockey stick.
Right.
Sit down and put someone in the game and want to stay.
Yeah.
I've had it.
Okay.
Thanks.
Okay, there we, what do you say?
Motion or lotion?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
We got 62 open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty.
Pony.
I was also thinking about that song.
The fact that one assumes, even though we have a read the gory details that after the present
put the cigar in Monica's.
Jaina.
The memory you assume that after that he smoked it.
It was smoking and the cigar too, right?
That he put it in his mouth.
Was it in the wrapper while he was doing that?
Was he was either rapper?
No, he was doing little hip hop.
Can't you envision that she was doing him?
Well, let me read my point being since we keep here from all these people who are into more exotic things like anal sex.
You follow what I'm saying?
If they graduated beyond the point of putting the cigar in their partners vagina,
they're putting it in their partner's rectum at which point will it hope and pray that they're not lighting up after that?
You're fine.
You see what I'm saying?
Well, I'm telling you, these people need instructions in this time.
They're very, very, you know, easily swayed.
Well, the cigar is already brown.
They're very two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 0.5, 60 out of 18 and T. Why the slide?
I mean, I've had some cigars that tasted like, and wondered where they had been.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, one name I haven't heard. I'm listening about an hour or so.
What about Scott Melody? He is the captain.
I mean, where we see last 20 minutes.
Fort Lauderdale is in the game on that 2-on-1 with the Borac.
Nice pass, right? Nice goal by Mel and B, but you're right. He disappeared.
He's supposed to be, I'm not saying that you haven't marked messy as far as emotion goes,
but I mean, every time I see him on the bench, he's like, he's just like,
he had his head down at the start of the third period.
Yeah, didn't he?
I mean, I think it's a great guy, and I'll laugh at him. What about motivation?
I think what you just said, though, points out what I would been saying all along,
and that as soon as they realized that Barry re-entered the knee and he wasn't coming back,
they just gave up. They threw up the through in the towel.
Next question is, they knew Barry had been hit badly and dirty by foot.
Right. Why didn't Melody lead the charge against?
Why didn't the big black guy, number 28, named Peter, who supposedly is the enforcer,
the one that everybody loves and raves about, why when he was out there later in the game,
didn't he even score? That's what I'm still waiting for an explanation.
Did Eric, I want to be in there for other.
I mean, to show you what smart fans we got, I go in here, I've sitting down before the game.
Are they talking about Pavel Beret? No. They're talking about, oh, Peter's playing that.
Or else playing that. Okay, if that's what you like, if you like the goon stuff, fine.
But if that's his function on the team, go out there and do it when it means something.
He does play a lot better when Alex chips is in there who should have been playing Alex.
It's one of the few guys that plays his heart out.
Yeah, and how he's a hard-knows guy. That's right. That's the kind of guy we need in there.
You know what he has a man? He's got the brains.
Yeah. He knows how to play the game.
Right. Experience. He's motivated.
But where was the big guy named Peter last night after that incident, after I had him after a foot picked up Beret and slammed onto money ice?
I have no idea. Was he in the game much after that?
He was in there. He had several shifts.
Again, again, you got to start with the captain. Where would a helmet see?
Okay. Okay. There's a guy I don't like, Mel and B. I like Mel and B, but he's right there. And of course, you can spread it around.
They all stunk.
It's big.
If you really try and help him in big way, well, there he is.
That's the dumb friend you're wearing.
He must be great to meet him.
Is he picking you up after Moscow today?
By the way, Virginia.
When did he return to Rappanari?
He turned around and smiled at me.
You get the picture?
Yes, we see.
That's when I fell for the leader of a wreck.
He was a wreck.
He loved to let those guns plummet down.
He fell, fell.
They say he came from the wrong side of town.
They came from the wrong side of town.
They told me she was sour.
Never shaved the shower.
A change to tower life.
That's why I fell for the leader of a wreck.
One day my dad said, find someone new.
I had to tell my sister, where's Louis?
He's going to go find somebody new.
I told him I couldn't wait for him to throw her head
and bump away.
That's when he shot me.
The leader of a wreck.
No, no, don't touch the damn.
No.
What's the date of 560WQM?
I think Joe Costello had a pretty good observation about last night's game.
They stuck.
We have two open lines in date, 560.560 and pound.
It's only one game that I realize most of you don't care about hockey.
It's like I'm sacrificing this show today.
It was such a cataclysmic event in the history of human events.
Even just as a sporting event, I think there may be World War Two might.
Maybe Vietnam.
But other than that, you'd have to go a long way to find anything more devastating
than what happened right there in sunrise last night.
You know what I'm talking about?
I doubt it.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Uncle Male.
Yes, sir.
Are you tonight?
Great.
This afternoon.
This evening.
Let me ask you a question.
What style of humor is the forest trying to do?
Jeff DeForest?
Yeah.
I have no clue.
He comes up, he starts talking about something and I guess he's trying to be funny.
Yeah.
Would you explain it?
Are you knocking Jeff DeForest?
Well, I actually get the head if you want to, but I'm just wondering.
I think my cranieri is funnier than you.
Well, he's going to be starting on April 1st.
That's no April fool either by the way.
And that's your hit?
Yeah.
Great.
Well, my cranieri hit her.
He has no clue because you're right because you know, the defense broke in fact.
I mean, for him, I would sue her.
I would sue her.
He had to come on here this morning and then right at the end, which is the only thing I hear
the last four minutes usually, and the blame Sean Burke, who was left there alone.
You could have put grandma Moses out there and had the same result because for Christ's
what do you do without anybody else doing anything?
They might have just had six players and have an empty net.
They might have all, no, they might have just had him and every play would have been a
penalty shot and just see how many, like they do with the skills competition at the
all-star game.
How many can you stop, Sean?
There's nobody else out there to help you.
How many can you stop?
Right.
You can actually sue them for like a...
Well, DFO is, you know, he's busy schmoozing and eating, I guess, during the game.
They should do that show from the Raskles because I swear the three oldest blue hairs,
like, you know, like Hank does it from Shulis.
They should do that from the old Raskles house.
Yeah.
Because there are three old bitties on the morning.
Okay, sir.
I'll give you the big kiss for you.
Yeldie, by the way, who's so desperate for material-related things, I'm going to get to a
pissing contest with him and that stupid morning show.
Forget it, Yeldie.
Small potatoes, we've heard.
We have an open line in the Broward, All-Tree, and Dade.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It's been a real push here today.
On another day, you'd think you'd come in and the phones would be just hopping off the hook.
They'd be hip-hopping all over this town.
Are they hip-hopping?
No.
You know, maybe like...
Maybe 10 other people are all worked up to a friend.
You know, that's it.
They don't care.
That's the one good thing about living in a place like this.
They don't care.
No matter how many murders they are, no matter how many violent acts of any kind, they don't care.
You can't shake these bad dudes up.
They don't give a crap.
No.
That's good, in a way.
Nothing phases them.
Just where is the free food?
In fact, where is our free food, God damn it?
So anyway, George called over to my dermatologist to keep you up to date with that.
Did they have the result?
No.
I mean, I don't want to put Stanley under a lot of pressure.
He's a great guy.
He got me right in there the other day.
He's a big Panther fan.
He's from Toronto.
I love him so far.
But you've noticed every doctor that I go to, that told you this before, the greatest doctor is the last one you went to.
Because you walk out of there and you think, all right, I finally found somebody knows what they're talking about.
And then a few days later, it's like, ah, geez.
You know, like my friend at the Cleveland Clinic.
See, I don't ever understand.
When somebody comes in and describes a whole bunch of symptomology, if they're such a word.
And you just like, uh, pick something out of the ear.
Like I said, well, call her a mind, you know, said that I was allergic to the air.
She was allergic to Adlet.
Oh, yeah, that's it.
Classic symptoms.
No, that's exactly what he said.
Dr. Puss, good, yeah, except for the rash.
And then I look up into PDR and a rash is one of the symptoms of allergy to Adlet, which he didn't even have that right.
That was a month ago.
Tomorrow will be one month, 30 days.
Was he right?
No.
And then when I went back to the second time, remember I took the day off.
I was on a Tuesday.
I took the day off because I thought Jesus, this is getting to be a pain in the, uh, plus.
Don't worry.
You're fine.
It's great.
It's this.
But I made it give it a little bit of time.
That was it.
Because they don't spend the time.
They don't devote the time to do it right.
Oh, and by the way, where the hell am I going to get my oil changed on both cars?
Are we going to have to go back to our friends at executive mobile?
We love them, our Greek friends, but they probably hate me like poison because they're ripped them because they overinflated my tires two times in a row.
If they were just made my tires alone, I don't want to free me.
I'd be glad to pay for it.
I'm used to that.
You all change.
That is not too much else lately.
But at any rate, let me say it again, you go to Amsterdam.
You have to pay for sex.
Seriously, George, if you have to pay for sex over there, then you might as well just blow your brains out.
I mean, it's interesting to go like if you were that persuasion to go and see all the hookers in the windows in the red light district.
It's interesting.
I don't have to pay for it here.
I shouldn't have to pay for it there.
Not what I hear.
All those flowers I gave you to take home from Mr. Ego.
That's a barter.
Yeah, I see.
Barter, trade out.
He learned that from this place.
Trade out.
Here's a mobile and crawl springs.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Well, there are actually a couple of things.
First off, in regards to the game last night, well, actually, regarding the whole morning's topic of what the young guys not pulling away.
And this and that just wanted to be staying.
All of these things, right?
Wanted to get your opinion on what you think the trading deadlines coming up and they did blow their water on Burry.
Who would you trade and who for if you can do anything like that?
Because you know, not going to spend a lot of money.
And secondly, the three guys in the morning who claim to be sports people in Nohaki, obviously we know they don't know anything.
But why doesn't the station employ somebody not other than yourself?
But somebody to talk about hockey.
I don't know if there's anybody in town that lives down there, that's any cellars.
Come from other cities where they have those guys on top shows during the day.
Yeah.
Nothing down here.
It's just a couple of guys talking about horse racing, gambling, and maybe you'll get something there about hockey.
And now you left out golf.
You left out golf.
Well, I kind of like golf.
So that's another topic.
So anyway, just basically what do you think about the trading deadline?
Who would you trade? Who for?
I would unload.
I mean, who would you trade at all depends.
I would get rid of Needermar for sure.
I would get rid of Kirk Mar.
But nobody, I don't think anybody will take either one of them.
Maybe there might still be some interest in Needermar.
But he's dead weight.
They're paying him a fortune.
He's outside of Burry.
He's the highest paid player on the team.
And he's not pulling his weight.
He may be pulling something else, but he ain't pulling his weight.
But when you say who would you trade him for, I mean, I can give you a whole list of people I'd like to have.
But that doesn't mean they're available or they're going to get him.
In order to get, see, this was the thing.
Van Coover and I get Brian Riala credit in the world for this.
They were in a, Brian Burke was in a desperate situation with Burry.
Because he refused to play there.
They had to get something for him.
Just like Calgary had to get something for Theo Florey because he's going to be a free agent.
So they had to get something.
So we made a...
That was a horrible trade.
We made a steal in getting Paul Vellbury and Brett Hedigan was a lot of people forget.
Now, if I had to get him, please...
That right thing that happened...
He was working in Riddich, over in Osski.
But it only happens once in a lifetime.
In other words, in order to get somebody good, you have to have somebody in the trade.
We don't have that many people right now.
I see that are that marketable.
And I'm sure there's definitely a people out there who teams up there would like to have in either of mine.
Like you said, I don't know what you're going to get for them.
But you know, it's like...
How about Ruben Sandwich would be a good deal.
Have a look at the end up with a stew barns deal or the end up with a deal where they go and they place them where else.
Well, listen, give them one.
Yeah, in my regards to Chris Wells.
This is a great thing.
We have an open line in day one at Broward.
566705, 60.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
What is it?
Miami.
Do you hear what is he saying?
Seven?
Yes.
Seven come 11.
Yeah, whatever you say.
Another one of your people.
Open line in day one in Broward.
566705, 60.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Not those people saying.
I mean, really, really.
Oh, God.
Come on.
How about the macaroni and cheese?
How about a cheeseburger?
That's part of American culture.
You know?
Just get into it a little bit.
You know, you'd be amazed.
Here's a lady in North Miami Beach.
Hey, Neah, how are you doing today?
Great.
Never been better, man.
I think I'm making a comeback out of the wilderness.
I don't know how.
Oh, you're doing great.
Yes.
Two things on TV I saw yesterday.
One was funny and one was disgusting.
Yeah.
And no, I'm not talking about Monica or the hockey team last night.
Mm-hmm.
The first one.
That was disgusting.
Oh.
That was even more disgusting than Monica.
That's possible.
That's slow.
Oh, God.
The first thing that was funny.
You mentioned William Davidson.
Who bought the Tampa Day?
He's got the thing.
Is that his name?
William Davidson.
The guy that owns the pistons.
I'm not sure.
But when I saw him...
I thought the other guy's name wasn't an Arthur Williamson?
I don't know.
I guess similar names.
Whatever.
Does make any difference.
Anyway, when I saw him on TV yesterday, he's got the biggest goddamn ears I have ever seen.
Really?
Oh, they're huge.
The next time you see him on TV, look.
You'll see what I'm talking about.
And I'll be good because when he...
This is the guy that bought the lighting when everybody in the crowd went all 200 people are yelling.
Hey, you guys suck.
He'll hit it a lot of people.
He'll be good.
He'll be good.
The other thing that was disgusting was that asshole who had one of his hands crushed in an accident.
Then he had his other hand amputated and transplanted to where the injured one used to be.
Did anybody see that?
No.
Oh, man.
I saw that.
You should say...
His hand looks like a thumb.
I mean, well, his left hand is on where his right hand used to be.
It's the most disgusting thing.
You have an alert is left ear as well as rectum supposed to be.
So you ought to see that.
Well, there you go.
I mean, you know, hell, if I had my right hand at it and if I had my right hand, you know, destroyed it in an accident,
I would learn how to do business with my left hand.
Yeah, but you're not a guy.
See, guys need...
Well...
They've got ears of practice.
Well, that's true.
You can hold one of those instruments in either hand.
Every great day, sweetheart.
All right.
So, my sister Nina, you are that old lady douchebag that's been hanging in grandma's...
Grandma's...
Thing.
Sour for 30 years, even though she hasn't used it.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
Whatever you said.
She said she's been hanging it.
We have an open-line today.
You got the hang of it yet or what, huh?
No.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
That guy called before that was depressing when he said he likes golf.
Oh.
I mean, I realize we don't all like the same music.
You know what I'm saying?
But golf?
Oh, Jesus.
You've got to be.
I mean, these people can't be serious.
Can they?
Why do we love the Beach Boys?
Or what, huh?
Anybody don't like the Beach Boys as a communist as far as I'm concerned?
So, looking for the glory holes.
Alligor.
Alligor.
We have never heard of a scene before.
Four years ago, you gave me your...
...nominations to be by the present.
This is some crap.
I've been watching you doing that.
Macarena on television.
And if I could have your silence, I would like to give them a spread for you.
The Al Gore version of the Macarena.
I am Rolstein.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Or soon we're done lucky.
Would you like to see it again?
No.
Can't go much.
Can't go much.
I'll show you.
When your alarm goes off in the morning,
Macarena.
When one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit,
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Well, who would screw anything is wooden to the same, right?
132 at 560 W.M.
Even Tipper Ain't Sure.
We have an open line in date 567 0560,
pound 560 on a AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call in the grove.
Hello.
How are you doing?
How are you?
Oh, yeah.
I thought that arm.
He didn't have much of a choice.
One of his arms got crushed and his hand.
His left hand got crushed also so they had to remove his right hand.
So the hip bones connected to the...
Anyway, I just call you to tell you that you're going to win my equal.
Okay.
What do you say?
A lot of coins all over the place.
We have two open lines in date.
560, 765, 560.
What are you shaking your head about?
It's a one pony thing there.
That's all they got.
That's the rack.
That's the beginning, the middle and the end.
That's the routine.
A little more dusty spray field.
Just a couple of seconds here, okay?
He did.
Heiperset 59, 50-960.
It's almost finished.
Let me come over.
Jesus.
When I say I need it.
Returns to clean corn justice.
Terry Blackburn, he's doing it.
You said you would always...
Of course he could buy it at 90 years old.
That's all they're left.
It wasn't me who changed my youth.
Oh!
And now you've gone away.
Come on, just a few more seconds.
We'll be getting that real one.
Don't you see?
But now you're gone.
No.
And then left here.
How was that?
It was just a question.
I think I said I only got a few minutes left.
I think it was a question.
And then you...
Come on, get going.
You don't have to say you are made just be closer than that.
Oh!
Now how about...
How about this?
This is pretty good.
Huh?
Come on, sweetheart.
And then there was a priest.
I'm gonna daddy live here with me.
It's a couple of them.
Father was cool.
Yeah.
Together round the top.
Okay.
Dusty Springfield, she's dead.
Just a little tribute here on the show.
Since nobody else in town cares.
They don't give a crap.
They don't invest these Springfields from Rick Springfield.
All quite honestly, he looked a lot better.
Huh?
Well, he was a lot prettier than she was.
I'm not sure which was the most feminine, but he was a lot prettier.
Huh?
Remember when Rick Springfield used to be on guiding on General Hospital?
Do you?
I never watched it, but I'm always a guiding light guy,
but I do remember those days.
In fact, I would flip over there once in a while to see Rick Springfield.
You know who else used to be on there?
That disgusting pig-witchard Simmons.
He used to be on there.
And you know who else?
John Stamos.
Blackie.
I mean, has he got Dick Clarkson,
or something?
He doesn't age.
He still looks the same.
Pretty good.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I put the blame on last night, squarely at the feet of Terry Murray.
Yes.
I think when you have an insurmountable lead such as that,
there's no seemingly inter-insurmountable lead.
Yes.
There's no excuse to blow that kind of a lead.
Yeah.
I think...
I mean, not even calling a timeout to slow the bleeding down.
It's just...
That would have been...
Doesn't claim on the bench.
Brian Murray would have been going nuts this morning.
Yeah.
Call it for the head.
I mean, I was waiting for Terry Murray to just throw a white towel out there at the time.
I mean, he would...
Okay, we get back...
No emotion left.
Yeah, well, he never does.
No emotion.
When's the last time you ever...
Other than getting pissed off at an official and the officiating was the worst.
But when's the last time you ever saw him have any emotion on the bench?
Yes, sir.
He stands there with the arms folded like Roger Nielsen, like a statue.
We already had one statue here.
Zero.
And I mean, Neater Meyer, he looks like a deer in the headlight.
Yeah.
Exactly.
That's very well said.
He's in a fog.
He's in a total fog down there.
Okay, Niel.
Good luck to us, sir.
Bye.
Saturday will be the big test, baby.
All you guys out there, all you players, all you...
We'll see what real men we got in this organization, okay?
Carolina Heracun's come in here and I told you there for real, didn't I?
I told you that weeks and weeks ago, ah, they'll follow the...
Right.
They just keep winning and winning and 68 points.
Open line and day one and Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What are we gonna do about the gorillas in our midst?
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello?
Hey, Niel.
How are you?
Great.
Very good.
I just wanted to call you to voice my opinion about that lousy game, last night.
Yes, terrible.
Horrible.
You know something?
They got a call in right now on his station and announce that everybody's kept their stud from my house.
That gets a refund.
Yeah, not a bad idea.
Not a bad idea.
And remember, can buy some beer for a thought.
No, you hold your breath on that.
Yeah, I was sitting there watching the game.
They stuck.
They totally stuck.
They stunk the joy now.
They're watching the game on Aignah with a buddy of mine who's pitching for a famous.
He wants...
It's 5-0 and he wants to watch his monochilowinsky crap.
I'm like, all right, the game's a blowout.
We want to go ahead.
I turned back.
I couldn't believe it.
I just absolutely couldn't believe it.
We go into a public chapter of the game.
And there's some hockey fans and there's some people that know me.
And they say, you work the game, I said, yeah.
And I told them what happened.
And they just stood there.
They actually dropped their meat on the floor.
Yeah, that's how shocked they were in the public's meat department.
They dropped their goods on the floor.
And their meat too.
Right.
Unbelievable.
Okay, good luck to work on that.
Yeah, and I call some people douche bags.
Go ahead.
Florida Panthers, you're a bunch of flaning douche bags.
Okay.
With Spineless.
And by the way, Jennifer wants to ask a question of those guys that were out there in the third
period last night.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
Walter Payton, don't come around here looking for a transplant.
They got no organs over there.
They only got one organ.
I think they were all having a group yank on it in the third period.
Boy, brutal.
How can a group of human beings be as ineffectual, be as pathetic and embarrassing and humiliating
and degrading, especially right on the heels of having, I mean, that everybody was really
into it last night, had almost a full house packed crowd on a weeknight.
Real enthusiastic, real excited, berethead everybody.
It was scintillating.
As Danny Callivan would say, scintillating.
The breakaway, the shorthanded breakaway was fantastic.
The power play goal was great.
And then the goal from the circle there that it possible shot Patrick Frog gives him like
a little tiny space and he shoots it in the over shoulder, right in the top shelf and
then that unbelievable.
Probably we're going nuts.
And you tour our kishkis out.
You just reached in.
You know how they have that phony surgery in the far east.
You know where they do the thing where they supposedly reach your hands and they have all the chicken
blood and everything.
Make you say, yeah, they reach their hands into our innards and tour our kishkis out.
God.
We want to God damn refund, okay?
Twenty till a two at five sixty.
QM Hank with that gall stuff from Derala too.
Luke Shambhi six o'clock tonight.
He's getting bigger by the minute.
He's gigantic in the industry.
Ten o'clock the Ed Kaplan gambling show.
I'm sure I f**king don't know.
Well, I was thrown out on drugs and I f**ked on the rug because I was built with liquor
and loo.
We went walk the man with a card in his hand and I'm a friend of Bill Dole.
He's been standing in town with just been turning yellow.
Your friend's 100 proof.
Your business unclean because you're tearing up beer with a woman who's got to have a
drink.
He was a fool.
What you give me twelve steps?
Give me twelve steps.
Five to give me thirteen maybe more.
Tired of bread, something off of my shoulder.
Turned out, it was a floor.
What you give me twelve steps?
Give me twelve steps.
Five to give me thirteen maybe more.
I'm getting real tired of throwing my pages.
Then throwing one for four.
Grab me the details.
145 at 560 WQM we got 62 open lines.
560, 560, 105, 60 on the 18t wireless line.
You're anything from my doctor yet by the way?
No.
Thanks to Valnese not there today.
So thanks to Chuck and whoever made this.
I especially let it get from over to the subcenter across the street.
Meatballs, wood cheese, onions.
Great stuff.
Pure Atkins by the way.
And I sent Hank over that Dr. Bernstein book.
By the way, I do want to make one point.
In case some always rag it on people and they deserve it.
On the nephew Chris Reed, there's a good guy.
See there are some good people working in this joint.
And there's one of them.
Even if he is related, he still can't help that.
He's a good guy.
Actually does some work.
Actually, you know, mix an effort to do something constructive.
Good guy.
There's one.
Oh!
Well think about it for the rest.
By the way, Scott Schwarzenegger, any more you want to hear about that?
I think tomorrow, take all the stories about Scott Schwarzenegger, why he left here.
I warn you, Scott.
I said, don't even think about coming here.
I warn you.
Didn't I tell you?
Maniac.
Comes to work in our sales department.
He was gone like in the middle of the night.
Just like Tom Dea, like his bailed out of Miami in the middle of the night on his way to Phoenix in his car without telling anybody.
Scott Schwarzenegger vanished in the middle of the night like Ray Meland.
Here's a mobile in Cooper City.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations on your 23 years.
Thank you.
By the way, Skrub Ryan Murray, swing back Tommy Denimberg.
He puts the motion in the lotion.
Yeah.
Okay, that's it.
That's his material.
By the way, how's Tommy Denimberg doing?
Have we?
There's a guy that we ought to have over here.
He is still the world's biggest asshole.
Tom Denimberg.
Tom Denimberg.
Oh!
Thank you.
But he had a good asshole, right?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil. How you doing?
Let me show.
Thank you, sir.
Listen, sir.
I got to tell you something that happened to me yesterday at the Dorao.
I was over at the Dorao, and I totally think you can really take your kids, you know, whatever it is, and other crap.
And, uh...
Sorry, man.
Who almost ran me over, but none other than I almost threw up right there.
My wife almost threw up, but through the hole.
The hole was right there.
Great one. I hope the three had a good time.
We have an open line at day five, six, seven.
I was three, man.
Five, six, seven, eight, five, six, and pound, five, six, and the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a guy that went to the golf tournament.
Okay.
It went to a golf tournament.
Oh, well, wouldn't you be ashamed?
Wouldn't you be embarrassed?
I mean, you know, there are a lot of things you don't want to tell people like if you've got a small penis, if you're like in the closet, if you like, you don't have a deformed...
Whatever.
There are many things that are embarrassing you don't want to go around announcing.
But to admit that you actually went to a golf tournament?
Please.
Boy, that closet must be gigantic.
Here's a mobile and coverage, Hilla.
You know how you have stuff to know.
Great.
Now, who's the guy that disappeared in the middle of the night?
Tom don't like us.
Like our defense.
Yeah, that's right.
In the middle of the night.
In fact, we're going to put him out there last night, that big pudgy ball of crap. He might have done better.
A couple of things that I've heard mostly today.
This is a game that you just file away and forget.
We stole one from Detroit, but we kind of got stolen last night.
Put that in the can and never look at it again.
You've filed it away.
You've never happened again.
You've never happened again.
And things...
And never even think about it really was...
But if you really want to be objective, sir, you look at this season with all of these ties.
What do we got?
15 ties.
How outrageous amount is it would be...
You've got to win some of those.
You have to...
I mean, and in most of those games, except for the Detroit and the first Toronto game, which were nice comebacks,
but other than that, most of those tie games, including all of the Carolina games so far,
were games when they had to lead twice, three times, and they blew the lead over and over again,
and had a settle for a tie, which should they need those points.
Well, I agree with Don't Pull the Goalie.
That's a no-one situation.
Let him...
He was just playing by himself.
I do agree that if there was a time for a game misconduct, one of our guys should have done it.
After Burray won out, I mean, right?
Would have done it.
That's right. You're right.
You know, Tudor going out there and going nuts.
They should have gone after Adam Putin, but he cleaned his flock.
You know, missing him isn't a big deal.
He's not an offensive threat.
Right.
And I'll just agree with that other guy.
Don't...
It's not Melumbi's fault.
You know, Melumbi's not as outspoken and loud as Scroolyn was.
Melumbi has his own style.
You know, you can blame him along with everyone else for last night, but...
Yeah, I like Burray.
You've got a nice old leader in the league.
He's a lot of crap, and he's old and plotting, and Dylan's get all at best.
But he goes out there and usually gives you a real good effort.
I love Melumbi. He takes too much crap.
Let's try to do it again Saturday.
Okay.
That's the luck.
Okay.
No, don't say let's try to do it again.
Let's not do that again, please.
I couldn't take one more of those.
Any information on Pavel Burray when he's coming back?
No.
The status of that injury?
No.
Okay.
Well, it is your sports station.
I'm looking for some information. We got any?
No.
And by the way, let me say it again.
Jim Berry and Jimmy Cifalis.
We just had a bulletin come in.
They be loathe.
They're joined at the hip.
They're on a bus to someplace.
And we hope it's only a one-way ticket.
Nice coverage last night.
You bow those.
What do we got to see?
Do we get information?
No.
We see Jimmy Cifalis standing in the pouring rain, standing outside Madison Square Garden
like we're impressed.
Okay.
Like that really butched up his image.
God.
Who are you, kiddin' Jimmy sweetheart?
We haven't.
Yes, your results are not in yet.
Well, why not have they got a VM already?
See this?
This is getting like a ponderous.
Let's get the show on the road with us.
Find out what they'll all, to be honest with you, that I feel a lot better.
Once I hear the results, oh, it's a leprosy.
Then I'll probably feel worse again.
