4th radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Neal
The talk to Neil call 560-765-60 cold-free in Miami Beach
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show say you know a lot of them
No, we reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast groups
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-765-8M
Don't take any bullshit on them
Hi boys and girls, today we have a special treat for you
With all the talk about the lighthouse scandal, our guest today is former White House intern,
Coozie Somer!
Hi Coozie!
Hi Barney!
Let's take a question from the kiddies!
That sounds great Barney!
50!
You've got a question for Coozie?
What is it for ratio?
That's easy, Misty!
It's one of the women's pleasures in Anne Orally!
I'll show you with this Killboss-a-sauce!
Oh!
Oh!
Wow!
That's not bad, Coozie!
Here, I'll show you a Jurassic Killboss-a!
That's great Barney!
I just happened to bring my new pad!
Oh, good!
Did that boy's a girl?
Little Barney?
It's so big and purple!
It's so big and purple, that's me!
Oh, that's all the time you had for...
I love you!
You...
You...
Barney!
You are the best!
You big purple stud!
Which I wasn't worth the fact.
I just discovered, man, the timing is great!
Nice going, Neil.
Thank you.
That purple is a fag color.
Did we know that?
No!
No!
That's what Jerry Falwell says.
Just moments before we came on here this morning,
they got a story on CNN, which I'd heard the rumbleings of this yesterday,
but not the details.
See, they tried...
Jerry Falwell tried to Jews a couple of weeks ago.
That didn't work out too big.
He had to retract and backtrack and take some of the words back,
and stuff them in his back bone.
So now, this week he's back to the safe old ground.
Let's pick on the fags again.
And they just had the story on that telepubbies, according to Jerry Falwell,
is promoting a homosexuality because Tiki Wiki, is that it?
Am I getting that right?
No, it's Tiki Wiki.
You read the first one.
Asshole.
See, you do a half hour yesterday and right away you're an expert.
Okay, I heard him just say it with my own four ears.
Okay, Tiki Wiki.
Not related to Wiki thinking you, they used to be with Jack Berry.
How's Jack Berry doing?
Anybody seen him lately?
No.
Dead.
But at any rate, Tiki Wiki from Teletubbies is purple.
And Jerry Falwell says he's got the body of a boy, but the voice of a girl,
kind of like Yeldy, and carries a little purse, and he's purple,
which is a homosexual color.
Now, you'll notice the color of the shirt that I'm wearing today?
Uh-oh, part of the plot.
Purple.
I mean, as purple is a grape, which I didn't, I wasn't even aware this was going to come up.
I wasn't going to pop up.
That's sure I didn't.
Hey, I know it.
No, seriously, I can't believe that.
So, Barney De Dinesr, he must be a fag, too.
Uh-huh.
A gay, gay, a sore.
How do you like that?
Jerry Falwell, it didn't work with the juice, so let's go back to the safe, old,
stomping ground.
Again, let's stop on some gays today.
I just go on there, Jerry.
So, who's the gay lover, Dipsy or Po?
I don't see, I don't know that show, Dipsy or Po.
I don't know anything about the tele-tubbies.
It's for, uh, little preschoolers.
So, why are you watching it?
Oh, because Lala was doing the secret dance yesterday.
Now, is that one of the swingers clubs you were talking about yesterday?
Uh-huh.
You know, you made that so boring.
I mean, you know, the half hour fine.
But you made the whole thing sound so unappealing that, uh, I don't even understand why anybody would want to go there.
Yeah, the talk this morning was way more interesting.
All that bull crap about, wow, you know, nobody's touching anybody in there.
Well, then who the hell wants that?
Unless you want them to say that.
What, but you didn't say that.
I tried to sanitize it too much.
Which we don't want to be that good.
Because if we sanitize it too much, then Ken Jenny won't be appealing.
See, this is, I want everybody to know one thing about Ken Jenny right now.
He's an asshole.
We already knew that a few weeks ago when he tried the crap of the sun cruise,
which is not, they're going after that guy and other stuff.
But nevertheless, when they tried with the gambling ships and he's putting on the big show
and they're calling the TV people in there, and then they want to put the egg on their post
because the judge said, you're wrong.
This was totally unacceptable, what you did.
And your procedures were totally invilations of the law and bring them back
there slot machines and cut the crap.
So now they'll go after the guy in other ways and they'll just keep going after him
and going after him until they can, you know, destroy his ass and the rest of them too.
But Ken Jenny, evidently, which I have, I don't follow local politics because there isn't any.
But evidently, he's got aspirations for higher ought like they're going to do a strong mayor in Broward
or they're talking about it like they didn't date with Mayor Penis.
And so he's not satisfied with just being the sheriff.
He wants to be like the dictator, which he's got a real good start on the first part.
And so just like most sheriffs we've had in the 27 years I've been in town,
he's another, he's an asshole.
Just like Ed Stack and Bob Butterworth got to do all that real right wing stuff, you know,
and got to go after all the sex clubs in the adult bookstore, all the same old tired stuff.
He evidently doesn't have a TV set because I guess he's a little bit behind in the times,
in the behind.
And he's not paying attention all this Monica gate and penis gate,
which overwhelming the public says, who cares, let's get out with something important and you know, cut the garbage.
Get out of the president's pantalonies.
So that's why Ken Jenny is doing all this stuff for the swing clubs.
And I was interested because you never told me that you had people calling out the areas today.
I'm sorry, who were terrified to go on here because he's got all pink in their pants.
Nice going Ken Jenny. There you go.
There's no crime. Thank God there's no serious crime in power.
We're not worried about that.
We're worried about people losing their money on those cruise ships.
There's somebody's dragon in there and there's somebody's dragon in the swing clubs.
Maybe he was psychic. Maybe he knew about this sex study that was coming up.
Maybe he's worried that all these neurotic Americans who just can't get it off and get it up and the way they,
that they're going to be seeking other kinds of pleasures like in swing clubs, God forbid.
Were people pay 75 bucks a year for membership?
No, that's a night for admission depending on the year.
Well, how much do you pay for membership?
I don't know. Like 100 and so like.
How do you like that? So in other words, they have to pay a hefty amount to go in there with other adults,
consenting adults, in addition to which it's not in a residential neighborhood.
And on top of that, there's a lower enough and going on in the front part and you have to go behind closed doors.
Were people like, you know, go in and behind the dark doors there into what have I wanted to sign supposed to.
Right, which is ain't nobody's business.
A very dignified kind of operation for adults who want to be adults.
So with other adults, which is nobody's business, Ken Jenny, you're an asshole.
You're another fascist. Just what we need in Broward County was another guy named fascist.
I want to think about Broward politics.
It makes no difference if they're a Democrat or they're a Republican or no matter what the party is in label is.
It's always paggring to that same Neanderthal, Dr. Kennedy, a Crobert's Presbyterian Church,
constipated anti-sexual mentality.
And it will never ever change not in our lifetime because that's the Broward FN way, I guess.
Sex, no fun for many U.S. adults study finds 15% of the men by the way and 30% of the women at study say they don't even have any interest in sex.
You know what I call that?
Clinically dead.
Even the Pope says you're never too old or too young to have a good time.
That's what he says.
Okay, we'll get back to that. But first of all, I got one or two great stories for you.
By the way, the doctor says I'll live. He says it'll take another few days to get that damn adolescent out of my system.
Dr. Paz Gagnac over there to Cleveland Clinic. He's a great guy. Dr. Paz Gagnac.
At least so far. So far, so good. He said I'll live.
But at any rate, so yesterday I took off because I hate to break the news to some of the punks that we have working around here who are empowered by the general manager to be as punky as they want to be and try to boss people around and be big shots.
See, you're right about Sam. He is a big shot, but they forgot to dot the eye in the shot as in right as in full of big anything else you any world you want to use it in regard to him.
Sam, a douchebag of production and a promotions man yesterday. I'm leaving here to go to the doctor. You know, it's not like we're trying to pull a fast one here yesterday.
Didn't I mention all during the show that you were going to do the last half hour and I was going to go to the doctor because you can only see me before certain time.
And I was going to go in to figure out what that was going on with me and with this Adelaide stuff and with the symptoms not completely going away.
Because my health is a little bit more important than doing the last 25 minutes or something of a show. Okay, now that comes to the great shock to a little punk like Sam.
But anyways, I go down to the car in a parking lot yesterday and who do I see on the way out there Sam the sham out promotions man, which is a real joke.
And I waved to him and he waves to me and I get in the car and I, you know, on my way up to Cypress Creek Road.
Coming this morning and George tells me that while he was on the air, Sam the promotions man who is like a partners in crime with a nephew, Greg reads nephew.
See, you have to understand this is all like I've told you before part of the same family. If you're part of the fan's like the coley onis.
If you're in on the family, then you're on the end, then you're okay. But if you're outside the family, then no matter what it is that you do, you're still like kind of the enemy. You're the evil one.
Us down here, especially, make no mistake about that. We're the outsiders. We're the bad guys.
Even though they're having that big party tonight, by the way, on your people, on your free loaders, they're going to be sucking up the free food and booze tonight in my name.
It's the near Rogers rating party. They're called the QAAM rating party. But it's really the near Rogers rating party. So anyway, Sam the sham out promotions man who's supposed to be taking care of promotions, which quite frankly we really don't have any going on now.
As Hank is always saying, and he's right. Calls up Joe Costello who's running the board while Georgia's doing this half hour yesterday and says, where's Neil? Where did he go?
And Joseph, I guess to the doctor or something. Yeah. And he said and Georgia's doing the show and and Joseph's. Yeah. And Sam says here, I want you to strap yourselves in boys and girls.
One of the great lines in the history of the human race. Sam says does Duff know about this?
Now, Duff who was out on jury yesterday, of course, I really didn't know what the mood point didn't make any difference. But I mean, just want you to stop and think about this.
We're pulling a fast one. I've been in radio longer than this punk has been alive. I hate to break the news to him. Okay, a lot longer than he's been alive.
Georgia only does his job, but a lot of other people's jobs and knows what he's supposed to do and does it.
But we need to have some little punwacker who's like again empowered by the general manager, because he's like part of that little inner circle there of four or five people.
He's checking up on us. That's right. He's checking up on us, baby. We're trying to pull a fast one. I'm trying to get off a half an hour.
Man, oh man, you know that half hour didn't even wonder. In fact, look at the nice. Oh, and you know, what's the color of that mark on my arm?
They should have doctor pay. What's the color of my arm? The same color as your shirt purple. That's right. They took blood yesterday and boy did she butcher me up or what there?
Now, I love the Cleveland Clinic, but boy did she I had blood taken what 25 million times in my life.
And once in a while, you'll be out of the make a bad stab. You have like a little well, you know, this is like unbelievable purple that jury follows probably suspect about.
He knows what that is. 10 minutes after 10 is 560 WQM your kindergarten station for the 90s.
Okay. That's a laughing gum on air.
I go on.
All right.
All right.
Sitting at home watching whitewater Dale talking about how bombs are feeling 95 odd rail when sudden lead with a bullet and a dish up onto the screen came his partner and
this is just in the eyewitness news. It's the one on March and then but to lie who will have more dissails coming up at 530 people.
I'm from the stores because they so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. So, so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Bob had heard the album and he was a Paul. He said thank you Janet Reno. I'm glad that you're called. We got to take on fans. I'll guess this dirty.
Ron. Besides, it's really close to election time. His Brower Judge friends that I will not sail young. He'll censor any mention of Janet.
Oh, they're selling fish to kids going through puberty. The two-lifed crew. Yes, they so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time.
He could trap a butt. But so he had guts. So most of the people said this guy is a pus. He rigged on land of that noise pollution.
Even though it went against the constitution and what did Luzo do during all of the jobs?
So can thousand more copies at 1295. He bought a brand new Mercedes. It's really dirty driving into the bank. Cause he's so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. So, so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time.
You know, even you got talking about that dirty stuff here. They used that word and talking about some of the stuff that's going in the back of that place behind the doors. You know, a lot of dirty stuff going on.
So, what did you say with quotes around it down? Well, what did none? There were no quotes around it. So, there's a lot of dirty stuff going on there.
Why would anybody in their right mind ever use the word dirty in regard to a sexual act of any kind? Well, dirty isn't a dirty word to me.
So, the only thing that I can think of that's a dirty is like that's dirty, which you're into and I'm not.
But I mean, the human back home is taking a best dirty. Okay, that's not a clean pleasant. I mean, under any under the best, under the most sanitary, the most desirous of situations,
taking a, it's not a cleansing expel in some ways, I guess. Not clean, it's dirty. If you have a bidet, it's clean.
And maybe that's why so many Americans are uptight and not they don't want sex, they're not enjoying it, they can't do what they can't get it up, they can't, maybe that's why Viag was making so much money for Pfizer.
Because there's so much of this religious neurosis. They got, what did I tell you? They got neurosis of the liver. That's the problem.
Neurosus of the organ. Because they've been brainwashed, they've been conditioned because let's face it, most of the major religions they could never continue to exist.
If they told you, well, sex isn't dirty, it's just like, you know, like an other like sneezing, like an other natural thing you do.
Oh my god, what a disgusting concept that is. If it's a sexual act, sexual act must be dirty.
Unless, of course, it's the Pope that's got his hands on it. Let's take a call from Virginia key. Hello?
Uncle Neil, I had to call you after I saw the fall while I was story. Yes. You know, I find an ironic, I know the ear.
I thought if you wore green on Thursday, that made you get it. I realized it purple made me a fact.
Well, you know, it's funny that he says that because I grew up in the Episcopal Church. And oh yeah, there's no facts there either, by the way.
I'm sure of that. But ironically enough, during Lenten Christmas time, guess what Christian priests wear?
Did they say Kometi Lenten? Yes. They wear purple.
Oh my god. They wear purple facts in the church. They wear purple fashion. Purple and green fashion for Lenten.
Wow. So you know, that means that there's a lot of...
Maybe they're trying to come out. Maybe it's like a symbol that they're reaching out to us and trying to give us a message.
Yep. But also, another thing I want to call you about is those...
Maybe that's where that song came from, the purple people leaders?
Yeah.
And the other thing I call you about was the transmitter that I was calling.
I was telling you about yesterday the transmitter on FM. You can buy those for CD players.
And they saw them in an e-store for 1995.
Plug it into the... Like you said, the headphone jack and transmitter to a select band.
You can set it on the little box with band you want, like the low-end 88 to 90-year-lion.
Yeah, I'm setting on your box.
Right. Now when you can transmit anything you want over FM, AM, or CD, or even a walkman.
Yeah, but it's not going to sound any better on FM though.
If you're like transmitting AM radio on to your FM, it's just that... No.
It'll come in.
No, I mean, I didn't understand his point because again, you can buy them for $19 anywhere.
And I didn't understand why if you could already pick it up on AM, why you want to transmit it.
What he was saying is that if you couldn't pick it up in a certain place,
like maybe you could sit a radio outside on the windows or on a patio or somewhere.
Okay. It was coming in clearly and then hook it up to this thing.
And then inside, you could hear it on the FM.
Come to get a new radio. I mean, your signal's pretty strong.
Inside?
No, I knew it had a problem. I'm going to cement building.
Really?
Well, thank God I have a watch in 1981.
I'm going to go up there.
Look at everybody living in your building. Okay, have a great day pal.
Thank you.
So there you go. You need to get in a cement building is what you need.
Anybody out there wearing purple? Not anymore.
No.
Not in thinks so.
There are in fact, there are people like the walk-in amount almost naked now because they were in purple.
It's more in color. They heard about Tinky Winky.
I mean, is this the sign of a really twisted, sick mind?
Everything is a plot. It's a Jewish plot.
It's a homosexual plot. It's a plot to convert the world.
He's the one that's trying to convert everybody because he wants their money.
But it's an evil plot. Tinky Winky.
And that's why he's got that high squeaky voice.
I don't know any comic book or cartoon characters that have like deep voices.
They all have high squeaky voices.
That's my point.
Mickey Mouse always had like when Walt Disney originally used to do the voice all the time.
Philly croaked. It's kind of tougher now.
But had a high squeaky voice. Was Walt Disney bad?
No.
What?
Oh, that's right. I forgot about that. All those Disney people.
And Disney landed Disney world and all the people that worked there. Good point.
Excellent point.
You see how you can tie all these things together?
What a wicked tale we weave when Mickey's wagon it.
And a tale too.
Every cartoon character I ever seen has got a high squeaky voice.
Maybe a Fred Flintstone.
He's got a low, but he's not like a little, but he's like an adult cartoon character.
Aren't Tinky and Mickey supposed to be like little kids?
Little kids.
They're little fellow tubby kids in a cartoon.
So I'm actually going to speak like Geldy.
I mean, just because Geldy's got a squeaky voice, does that make him gay?
No.
Not from over here.
Not from the 80 or 90 chicks he's screwing every night.
So, you know, it doesn't seem to work in his case.
I mean, we're talking about a sick man.
We're talking about, and people are still sending their money.
We're talking about an absolutely neurotic sick, prophetic man who will go to any lengths and make any kind of exaggerations to create hatred and hysteria.
I mean, the thing with a Jews a couple of weeks ago, he had a back track, he had a run like a son of a bitch because it was so embarrassing.
But this thing, of course, because we're used to doing all of this.
You know, being the target of religious bullcrap.
All of us fags.
So this will just continue falling on ears that are just, there's more of that crap again, you know.
The teletubbies are promoting homosexuality.
God.
Here's coconut creek.
Hello.
Coconut creek.
Let's try it again.
We're pressing the button.
Hello.
I must have light fingers on it, hand.
Yes, sir.
I hope you have light fingers.
Yes.
I want to thank you.
Just for the life of Shown.
Just remember that the plural of plot is plot.
I want to just remember that.
Very well.
It makes me want to plot.
A quick story by Ken Jenny.
He was 15, more than 15 years ago.
He was an asshole.
The laughing stock of the Broward County Courthouse.
This guy had a police radio in his car.
He used to chase anything.
Any time a police car came in, this guy was on the road trying to chase it.
And he's still as sick as he ever was.
I thought maybe he grew up, but impossible.
No.
No, and he, like I said, he's evidently not reading newspapers or watching TV.
He doesn't realize that this super moralizing crap went out with nickers and high-buttoned shoes
and that people are not in the mood for that crap anymore, you know.
Well, he's perfect.
He should become a kind of star's assistant.
You know, he'll be a perfect don trade for him.
And I must be kind of embarrassing him that there were four Browards finest in there
and playing clothes in the S-Wing Club when it was right at the other night.
Well, they wanted to make sure that these things were going on.
Yeah, right.
Just like when they pick up the hookers on this game,
they want to make sure that their mouth really works.
Yeah, they want to keep their hand in.
Right.
Okay, have a great day, Steve.
Okay, and change the clothing people are starting to talk.
That's our poll question today.
What color shirt, what color pantaloonies, what color dress,
what color outfit do the lesbians wear?
Purple is a gay color,
recurring to Jerry Falwell.
And seriously, just a coincidence, I got all those different color shirts
that I could have picked anyone out of the closet this morning,
out of that closet that's loaded with clothing and no people.
And I picked a purple shirt,
and I come in here, I'm sitting and watching CNN,
and there's the lovely Bill Hummer with the story there,
about just before 10 o'clock, with all the update,
with all the details about Jerry Falwell,
the Tinky Winky, and his little purse.
I mean, a queen carries a little purse, does that make her a dyke?
No.
Not from what I'm reading in that book about the oral family.
Here's Miami, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two topics, the West Minister dog show,
and the closing of Maple Leaf Gardens.
Yes.
Did you watch the dog show last night?
No, I don't watch the dog show.
They had one of the little dogs on CNN this morning.
I can't handle those people.
Yeah, one of them had a huge dump right in front of the judge.
It was the first time that I saw that.
Excellent.
Now that they checked the texture of it and everything,
did they put a metal on it?
I don't know, but the judge, the female judge,
like it's like that.
Probably put a ribbon on it.
We're going up to Toronto for the closing of the gardens on Saturday.
Yes.
And the opening of the air Canada down the street about 10 blocks.
10 blocks.
Yeah, it's down there.
A lot more than 10 blocks.
I know exactly where it is.
I was by there two weekends ago.
I know exactly where.
From the corner bay and front door.
Yeah, but it's way down here by the skyddle.
Pass to the left of the skyddle.
Right.
Are you going up?
No.
Oh, it's going to be great.
You won't be able to get near there if you don't already have tickets.
Oh, we have tickets.
My son-in-law.
I can't.
I was reading a couple of weeks ago what the scalpers are going to be selling those tickets for.
Before, this is like a major event.
Probably 1,500.
Yeah, at least.
A lot more than the 500.
I think two grand.
Well, at least Bob and Harry will televised it on...
Right, I'll be watching.
In fact, I got...
I'm glad you mentioned that Thursday night, tomorrow night, 7 o'clock.
If you got the big dish, CBC is out of special on the history of Maple Leaf Gardens.
And then when the hockey night in Canada starts, early or the unusual six o'clock Saturday for all our leaf fans and people who want to see the big...
I've got a 400-page book here by County Smite on that.
Oh, and wait till you hear this.
Yeah.
They were talking about this last night.
They're going to be recreating.
They're going to have a big laser show.
Yeah.
And in the top row, all around the gardens, they're going to recreate the gondola.
For sure, you would see the gondola.
Oh, the gondola, yeah.
And they're going to...
With one of those computer things, they're going to recreate his voice and he's going to do the introduction to the players by computer.
From Blake and the Hall of Fame, they got his voice in there, yeah.
How do you like that?
I love it.
I have a good time, eh?
Thank you, Neil.
See ya.
All right.
Nobody repulses you more.
All right.
No!
That's 33 and 560 WQM on A.
Boy, I feel a lot better today.
Thank God for Dr. Pascuña.
Oh!
I had a call from my close friend, Rumor yesterday.
He said, don't mention me on a year.
So I won't mention the rumor called me yesterday.
And we kissed and made up on the phone.
Well, he was like I told you, looking his wound.
He's also a little under the weather.
He said his problems like life.
But anyway, thank God for having a doctor that at least today,
mark it on your calendar for Boy the 10th.
At least today, I got an idea that this, eh,
and by the way, since the Cleveland Clinic, of course,
they take care of all the Panther players.
While he's examining me into and all this other stuff, we're talking hockey.
So at least I found somebody in town other than Rumor that I can talk hockey to.
Yeah, I'm coming back from the doctor yesterday from the clinic
and Hank has got Denise Potpan on it.
I'm going to tell you something.
This, what this man knows about, I mean, he was a great, he's a Hall of Flamer,
he was a great defenseman.
But that doesn't mean he can talk about it.
See, this is part of that home mentality of the Jack Ocker City,
because somebody played a game.
Therefore, there were broadcast your number one and number two.
They can transmit information.
Can he do that?
No.
Either one of the above?
No.
No, not at all.
Not the least bit.
In fact, the most interesting thing that he said,
when he was on, at least to part that I heard when he was driving home,
I was driving home from the clinic yesterday,
was, where the hell is it, God damn it?
There's a lot of footsteps in here, there's a lot of.
That's the most interesting thing he said.
He has no insight, he has nothing to tell us.
And I heard Hank pumping those numbers and pumping those numbers.
That proves to me beyond a shadow of it out.
There is no, there are no hockey callers in this town.
Number of couple of calls that I heard that were like marginally reasonable questions.
And did he have any response that made any sense?
No.
I was going to have to say, I mean, he'll sit there just because you played a game.
Doesn't mean you can sit there and watch it.
And really even understand what's going on in front of your face.
Does he understand?
No.
Not at all.
That's what I'm hearing.
And then of course the people of the Sun Sentinel also don't understand.
Because there's an editorial, this is in the editorial page.
The second editorial in the Sun Sentinel.
Boy, they're really, it's scraping a bunch of,
instead of having an editorial about Ken Jenny and what an asshole he is.
And how we've got the pleasure police out of control and Broward again
since the Sun Sentinel is primarily a Broward County newspaper.
What do we got an editorial about?
It says, Bruray's big bucks hockey deal good and bad news for panty fans.
And it goes on about how great he is.
We'll have the privilege of watching the Russian rocket perform.
But all this money that we're going to be paying him and yada yada yada and,
uh, it's that we're in so on and Wayne had to put all this money up.
But then it goes on the last two paragraphs just like a call I had yesterday.
And Hank was right.
I'm talking, even though Hank will admit he knows a little about hockey.
But he had a very good, uh, he made a very good point.
And that is that these people trying to convert Gary Sheffield with Pavel Burray.
Well, what is the point?
If you want to compare Pavel Burray with Mark McGuire or Sammy Sosa,
then that's there's some parallel there and talking in terms of the money that he's being paid.
So the last two paragraphs of this stupid editorial in the Sun Sentinel say,
of course, Heisinga is no novice at the tactic of offering huge long-term contracts to athletes
and then cutting his losses swiftly when the payoff falls short.
So the question for panty fans to ponder as they face,
the certain prospect of even higher ticket prices is this.
Will Burray turn out to be a local institution like Dolphin Dan Merino
or an overpaid but such as X Marlon, Gary Sheffield?
That's another dumb dumb dumb thing.
Gary Sheffield was the ever a superstar.
No.
If you ever going to be a superstar, they keep moving them around like,
let's get them out of here as fast as we can.
Yes.
He's trouble.
He's trouble in a goddamn jockstrap in a uniform.
That's Gary Sheffield.
He's an Ojo provokator who never should have been paid $10 million a year in the first place.
Pavell Burray is in the elite class of superstars.
That's what I've been trying to convey in a town where they don't know Pavell Burray
from Pavell Dmitra.
They don't even ought to pronounce it much less who the hell it is.
In fact, it says, this I found very interesting.
It said that Wayne didn't even,
wasn't even all that familiar with who the hell he was.
Where the where's that line on here somewhere?
It's in here, sorry, I'm not going to waste the time to find it.
But he didn't even know who the guy was until I said,
hey, here's one of the great players in the game.
We got a chance to get him open up your checkbook.
And they're making comparisons between Pavell Burray and Gary Sheffield.
Very, very weak, very bad.
And the Periligan and Suncentles are local loose papers
continue showing their ass for the world of the city.
Pathetic.
Sex studies finds US adults radio-psychotic.
That's right.
They just can't get it up.
They can't get it off.
They have no interest.
They don't know where to put it.
About a third, see, as all these studies come out,
not too long ago, in the last year or two,
they came out with that study that said that like 99% of all American males
have been sexually molested.
And I didn't realize that there were that many Catholics in America.
Seriously, I don't remember what the percentage was,
but it was a staggering percentage of adults in America
who claim that they've been molested as children or young adults.
There's no fact in the church.
And since there's only like 50 or 60 million Catholics
which leaves over 200 million of the rest of us,
how is that possible?
Is there anybody listening in this audience
who has never been sexually molested?
No.
Okay.
I just want to check because then we will always start talking about that.
So they've either been molested
or they're sexually dysfunctional.
They can't get it up.
They're sportscourt premature ejaculators.
They're whatever.
Women can't get an orgasm,
which means they better find some other guy
or maybe an instrument that might help too.
And of course, wearing a purple shirt,
it dawns on me that I don't have to worry about many of these things.
Isn't that wonderful that we don't have to worry about things like
simultaneous orgasms, things like that?
The great myth of simultaneous orgasms and...
All of these things.
That's right.
And I do say the great myth.
I guess there probably been maybe five or ten in the history of mankind.
No, it says that in the study.
There may have been like four or five, is what I'd say.
And we don't know anybody who ever handled it.
A lot of good actors and actresses out there, though.
Yeah, there's even a percent...
What was it, I think, like 20 percent of...
20 or 30 percent of men who can't have an orgasm?
Well, what?
I'm talking about during intercourse.
I'm talking about during...
They freeze up.
They get panicky.
They like, uh-huh.
And it makes you wonder,
how did your grandparents do it?
How did the people way, way back in biblical times they were procreating like crazy?
They must have found some way to do it.
Unless it was another one of God's miracles.
And speaking of God's miracles, by the way.
If you ever have any doubt in your disbelief of the God-bull crap,
go up and sit in the waiting room like I did again yesterday for about five minutes at the Cleveland Clinic.
I'm not knocking anybody.
I mean, we all get ahold.
We all hope to stay in good health as long as possible.
But you look around and, of course, I was like a...
Kindergarten kid in there.
I was so young compared to the rest of the crowd sitting in there.
And you look around at that and you say,
boy, he sure does work in mysterious ways, doesn't he?
The Lord?
And so many of those old people hobbling around on their walkers and with their canes,
and with all their disabilities,
and so many of these sad things that you sit there and watch.
All of these things.
And then you think, boy, the Lord sure works.
Well, he must be testing us again.
He's an SNM expert.
He's the biggest SNM expert in the world.
How much punishment can he inflict before we just crumble and croak?
Are you Aaron?
Like this.
Does your underwear stink?
So you think you probably need a stronger laundry detergent, huh?
Well, actually, no.
You need a stronger body soap.
And we have just the thing for you.
It's called tan scrub plus.
The name says it all.
This special body soap will scrub your can.
Plus, on the reverse side of the bar,
is a highly specialized crotch cleaner.
For boys, the tube-shaped crotch cleaner is both effective and enjoyable to use.
And for girls, the rod-shaped crotch cleaner does a very thorough job.
It's tan scrub plus.
Clean your crack.
Then have all the incentive you'll ever need to clean your frontside for hours on end.
tan scrub plus.
Because a stinky crotch can ruin your day.
Or a sister underpants.
It's dirty, too.
Okay, 10.45 and 5.60 WDQM.
Anything that has to do with genitalia with your recto?
It's dirty stuff, baby.
Speaking of dirty stuff, Tyson may be allowed to resume career in jail, so it says.
See, when you're a jock, you can do whatever you want.
In a minute, how many times you get busted no matter what happens, you just keep on doing.
Mike Tyson can resume his boxing career while in jail.
But he'll need the permission of the judge who sentenced him.
The former heavyweight champ can begin training at a gym outside jail.
If he behaves during the first two months or so of his one-year sentence for assaulting two motorists.
But if Tyson wants to travel out of the state to fight, he'd have to be cleared by district judge Steven Johnson.
You'd have to look at his Johnson first.
Tyson had been scheduled to fight an undetermined opponent April 24th in Vegas.
Tyson completed no contest, ending from the August Fender bender has been in the Montgomery County Jail since Friday.
Which we all say, lock the door and throw away the key.
But he'll let me out because, you know, there's a lot of money to be made there.
Lots and lots of money to be made with the Mike Tyson.
So we have to use and manipulate him.
How many millions do you think he's made so far in, you know, around the being in the slumber for the rape and all the other problems he's had in the suspension?
How many millions and millions and millions has he made so far for being a big illiterate goon with a real crappy attitude and having a big healthy appetite for our human ears?
I mean, millions more than all of us put together will ever see in our lifetimes.
Even a big shot like me.
I mean, put us all together. We don't even come close.
And we're supposed to feel sorry for this guy. We're supposed to feel real sympathy for him because he's being deprived of et cetera and so on.
You know, like what's his name that goon and the Patrick Ewing said during the lockout?
You know, we got to put bread on the table for our family.
He was only making, he's only making what 15, 18 million or something like that.
Some Paul tree mountain like that. I'm surprised I can even squeak by on that.
Then there's a great article that somebody fact me from USA today by John Serrino.
Is that his name? It's a crappy facts under his picture anyway.
Athletes moralizing cheapens religion. He says in the words of Eugene the sex machine Robinson.
I have one thing to say now the NFL season is completed. Hallelujah, brother.
He says here's a hint for 1999 fellas. We need a little more hitting and a lot less sermonizing.
Personally, I'm all for separation of church and football. He says.
I mean, you really think Cleveland Brown's president, Common Policy, checked Bible study attendance of the NFL castoffs is front office drafted on Tuesday?
True story. A friend wants to ask the pro, pro, bowlbound quarterback if he was bringing his wife to the son and serve of Hawaii where women are plentiful.
The big stud was incredulous. What and bring more sand to the beach too?
Yeah, I mean, why should I bring some bitch when we already got all the bitches you can be wanting out there?
I'm going to bring a teacup more sand out here. They got all the sand they can use and all the bitches they can use.
That's beautiful. That's the mentality, baby, because as I've told you over and over again when you're living in a little...
That's the American compartment of Americana. The rules be different for you.
That's why every time I hear these illiterate jocks that the interview on the station incessantly, I just... I don't know whether to get mad or to cry or just reach over and turn the radio off, which I usually do.
The illiterate dumb goons. Here's a Hollywood. Hello.
I know. Yes, that's redone. Yes, sir.
I heard you mention that Creighton Kennedy this morning on the first Baptist Church of the Lord.
Yes, Callaloo. You praised the Lord.
A few years ago I was dating a woman whose ex-husband was an airline pilot for Northwest Airlines.
This guy was one of the higher ups in that church. He's supposed to tie the certain amount of his income to the church.
He could never make his payments to her on time for her child support because he was spending so much of his money in his church.
If I sat and talked to this guy. He needs the money back.
This guy gets stare off into the distance and start talking to him. His hatred for homosexuals was...
It was an unnatural fact.
I'm session, yeah. In other words, he was in the closet.
Right. Oh my God.
This guy was an airline pilot. I wouldn't let this guy drive me around in a taxi.
He was probably a social people leader.
Anyway, have a good one.
And back to you. Say how to Dr. Kennedy up there at the Crowbridge Presbyterian Church where they need more and more money and bigger and bigger buildings.
See, I asked this the other day when we're talking about that Y2K crap.
If it's going to be the end of civilization as we know it, which a lot of these religions start preaching because it gets everybody whipped up.
You know, it gets them that much more involved and they come back every Sunday.
You know, hold on. What are we going to do? Well, we want your money.
What do they need more money for?
If civilization as we know it is coming to an end and it's Armageddon time, baby.
And not only that, but like I've always said, what is God going to do with all that money?
God needs the money in addition, which is they got the address.
How they get it to them.
The Lord needs the money. Now, Jan and Paul Crotch, they got a different spin on it.
They got to have the money so they can build more and more transmitters and buy up more licenses and put more and more TV.
It's a pyramid scam. They've at least got something a little bit different.
They got a pyramid scam going.
Even the Egyptians never saw one like this so that they can buy up more licenses all over the world and put on more TV stations.
With that little crawl at the bottom of the 800 number and bring in more and more money for the end time.
Are they going to have a cameart and Walmart up in heaven is that it?
I'm going to be needing to stock up a lot of cash. I don't get it.
If all these good religions are going to heaven because we're almost in that end time, what do they need cash for?
What's the point? What are they going to do with it? What are you going to do with my $100 reverend?
We got one call on the board. We got a real reluctant crowd here this morning.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the mobile one line. Does that know about it?
Here's Hi, Leah. Hello.
Wow. What a segue.
Yes, sir.
That's exactly what I wanted to talk about.
Neil.
Well, first of all, I had two things for you.
One of them was about the Y2K.
Yeah.
Apparently, we may not have to wait that long.
From what I heard on the news this morning comes September 9th, 1999.
We're going to have major computer crashes because apparently computer programs use the Digith 999 to close computer programs.
Oh.
And of course, if you turn 999 upside down, you got 666.
Yeah, that's...
Ever think about that?
You know, I never give that any thought.
Yeah, well, you better take a peek at that. Write it down on a sheet of paper and turn that baby upside down.
But that isn't that something.
I mean, 999, closes the computer program and now all of a sudden we're not even going to wait to wipe.
OK, we're going to take care of you before that.
We better get out. We better get out to Publish right now.
In fact, I may have to take another couple hours off.
Oh, you better do that.
Better have Sam tell us about it.
I definitely get there before September 9th.
OK, thanks for the good news.
The second thing, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Reverend Jerry Falwell, the purple is a gay color.
Yeah.
OK, I'd like to reiterate what the previous caller said about a few callers ago about the Episcopal priest.
It's true that many years ago I was going to the Spanish monastery during the holiday services.
I'd no longer do that.
I'm the God, it's now an atheist.
Yeah, it's good.
Well, sure enough, the procession is coming down the aisle with the priest wearing a purple robe and carrying a lit sensor.
You know, waving it back and forth.
I felt like saying, you know, I love your drag, but your purse is on fire.
In other words, you was flaming.
Is that what you're saying?
He was, sir.
No doubt about it.
There's no fact in the church.
Well, Neil, I got to go.
I got some Jehovah's Witnesses at the door.
God bless you, my child.
Bye.
You're going to the good news.
Give it to him again.
Two open lines and date one and per hour.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come on, let's hear all about Tinky Winky.
And the telepubbies, that's another goddamn Fag, Kami Pinko Plot.
Kami purple plot, I'm sorry.
So, maybe we'll just change that expression, okay?
Especially for the old Julio's down there in Domino Park.
Instead of talking about Kami Pinko Fags, Kami purple fags.
That's where it be at.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
I'm here.
According to fall, well, I guess, boring.
The purple dinosaur is a homosexual.
Absolutely.
Yes.
And what part of the people was the purple people we were eating then?
Because he must be gay, too.
He is.
That's my point.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
He's a little slow.
And by the way, George, this may come as a shock to you.
But, and now I'm making this up.
All my life, guess what my favorite color has been.
My favorite flavor of popsicle.
My favorite flavor of fruit juice.
Purple.
Grape juice.
Anything purple.
I used to love purple popsicles.
You still do it this day.
You know, today, those Welch's no sugar-added frozen popsicles.
Purple.
I always get the purple ones out first.
The grape.
How do you like that?
Purple.
Now it's all starting to fit together.
How do you say purple in Spanish?
Is there a word for purple?
Morado.
Or morado.
It's a female.
What is it?
No.
Morado.
Morado.
Maricone morado.
Islamorado.
Purple.
Maricone morado.
Open line in the brown.
All three in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one.
I see it's going to be a short show today.
You better tell Sam.
Better tell Sam that George might just do a little bit of that show again.
Thank God we got no sexual and dysfunctional people in the audience here today.
Thank goodness for that.
Or anybody who's ever been molested.
Here's a mobile in Boynton Beach.
Hello?
God is going to get you, Neil.
God is going to get you.
Uh-huh.
Okay, thank you.
Boynton Beach again.
One call left on the board.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hi.
I have a question.
I have no relation to the show.
But my boyfriend wanted me to call you now.
Well, what do you mean he has no relation to the show?
Well, he had told me that you had said something about a satellite dish.
You recommended it very highly.
And he wanted me to get that name for you.
And he couldn't call.
A name of what?
He said you recommended a satellite dish.
You said you highly recommended it on one show.
You said you had to the name of one that you recommended.
And he wanted to get the name of that company or the name of the satellite.
Oh, the name of the company?
What's the name of the company that we got our little dish from, George the DSS?
What's the digital world satellite?
Digital world satellite.
Oh, okay.
And the toilet.
So, at least we can do for them.
They couldn't want for us here and they do a good job.
Okay.
Enjoy it.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Everybody's got to have a little dish.
If you can't have a big dish, you got to have a little one.
That's what I've always said.
If you can't have a big one, at least you got a little one.
It works just fine for me.
Anybody that doesn't have a satellite dish is like, uh, I mean, your TV might as well throw it out.
Like with those old pop-up worst thing house TV sets from 45 years ago.
Throw them out.
Future stuff of God damn dish.
Which I understand, I'm wondering that they ever actually get the dish upstairs because
I heard Hank talking about that that they might have embarrassed Greg.
They have not gotten the dish upstairs yet.
Oi!
Oh my God.
And this man's got the hoods put to come down here and he engages me in a conversation about
how the thing that the water Nazi upstairs was going to hire as an assistant didn't come
in because he heard my comment to the air.
I guess I scared him off because they've been hiring all of these things around here than
anybody with a brain would never allow these people even to come near the building much less
inside and much much less hiring them.
So instead of coming down here and making small talk on behalf of the water Nazi and Sam the
sham and trying to cover up for their unacceptable behavior, take here some business up there Greg.
Take here some business.
I know I had a good book.
I'm all aware of that.
I know the rating party tonight is, uh, at least the QA and part is based on the 10 to 2 number.
I'm all aware of that.
Will I be there?
No.
But you're welcome anyway.
But take care of business.
Get the guys their guy damn dish in their upstairs.
Get them the other sports bar get them some stuff they need.
Not just a while.
See the people listening.
I know this comes as a great shock.
The people listening don't see the inside of the studio.
They hear what comes out on the air.
I know that comes as a tremendous surprise.
1057 at 560 WQM.
They don't take any bulls**t on there.
Longer than ever.
It's a piece of s**t.
I know they didn't just.
It's a piece of s**t.
I know they didn't just.
It's a piece of s**t.
It's a piece of s**t.
I know they didn't just.
It's a piece of s**t.
It's a piece of s**t.
It's a piece of s**t.
But s**t.
In the asshole back in the test.
I know they didn't just.
It's a piece of s**t.
It's a piece of s**t.
It's a piece of s**t.
It's a piece of s**t.
It's a piece of s**t.
It's a piece of s**t.
A great day coming as a man with a s**t.
I know they're dirty.
It's a piece of s**t.
Drone with a car in the evening.
Why's a piece of s**t?
It's a piece of s**t.
Why's a piece of s**t?
It's a piece of s**t.
Why's a piece of s**t?
And they're not dirty.
It's a piece of s**t.
It's a piece of s**t.
I think the volume is following the asshole there.
Well, it's just s**t.
Thank you.
It's 11.03 at 5.60 WQ.
And by the way, here's the fact that you mentioned that you had nothing about Brook Daniels lately.
What's to know?
All you have to do is listen to the 60 seconds of the show and you know what you're in for for the next three hours.
The numbers are falling like a rock and of course, bulls are just lies through his teeth as usual.
The whole thing is going great.
And then Rick and Sons will take the numbers from the afternoon into the morning.
Place stop line to us, Pete.
It says we're not as stupid as you think and Brook blows.
We can't.
He blows the big one.
How's that wise job doing, by the way?
You ever get that straight enough?
No.
Two open lines in Broward, 5.6705, 60 and 0.56.
Maybe she should have gone to work on Waxi.
It would have been more appropriate for that bitch, huh?
Boy, she weak.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Neil.
I'm calling in response to your remarks about Mike Tyson.
Yes.
I see it differently than you do.
Yes.
First of all, those victims in the most recent case, they themselves said that they didn't want to see him.
Who cares what they said?
What does his am make?
That's, you know, people can say whatever they want.
Maybe they're in all of them because he's a big super star.
Well, it should make a difference about whether he should have stayed in the office.
Of course, it's an okay difference.
So it doesn't make any difference.
How many more aberrant things has he got to do before you lose your enchantment with him?
Well, how many years have you got to bite?
How many more women has he got to rape?
How many more things does he have to do before we finally say we've had enough of this piece of crap already?
Well, I can't answer that, but I know that I see him.
You don't have an opinion on that?
As far as how many things, I can't say how many things I would say that up to now, I still have a surprise.
How many convictions of serious crimes does he have to have before you finally say no more chances you've made enough $80 million, whatever you made, $200 million, and throw away the key and lock him up?
Sir, go on.
History, audio, it's okay.
Ask him a very reasonable question.
And evidently, he has no opinion on that.
Because the people say, well, they don't want him to do no jail time.
Yeah, because maybe the figure's going to be more pissed off and come and hunt them down in the beat the crap out of him again.
And kick him into clutch.
Part of it.
We have an open line of dates.
See, this is what you're dealing with, especially the audience and this jockstrap radio station.
These morons can do no wrong, and I guarantee you, if he was on air fighting this weekend, on another one of these pay-per-view with some fat slob like the guy he fought from South Africa.
And this guy would be spending his 50 or 60 bucks.
Pathetic, you're your pathetic, sir.
You're tragic.
If this is what you admire, if this is what you support, you're pathetic.
You're on a level that I can't even begin to understand.
Much less related to that.
I can't even believe exists.
And if I didn't work on this radio station, I would tend to believe that it doesn't exist.
But I know better.
56670560 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two things.
Number one, have you ever heard George Carlin's little dissertation on the BS of Religion?
Yes.
Excellent.
I wish everyone should listen to it.
And second of all, second of all, I think that we've discovered finally the puzzle of the Jim Jones call because he must have been part of the gay conspiracy because he had them all drink great cool aid.
Right. Purple.
Yeah.
People cool aid.
Anyway, I would be your favorite one.
I would be your favorite one.
Have a good one.
And back to you.
I love Welch's, man.
I always love Welch's great juice.
Can't drink a knob diabetic.
Goes to show you probably too much Welch's great juice.
Or maybe too much fish food.
One of the other or both.
Maybe that was the problem.
Maybe that's why it turned out the way I did.
We have an open line and date one in five, five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
I mean, we're talking crazy people and they put them there on television and they're quoting from them like they're somehow like these are respectable figures in our culture.
Jerry fall well, the reverend jury.
And then Larry King will have them on the few days and kiss his ass again.
Even after all the anti-Semitic remarks he made a couple of it.
Larry never saw a human breakfast.
He wouldn't kiss.
He wouldn't attach his lips to.
Here's a mobile in Miramar.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I mentioned satellites before.
I guess you didn't hear about it because I'm sure you would have mentioned it.
Yeah.
There was a court ruling yesterday concerning a satellite TV about the network.
Yeah.
There was about a 10 minute piece last night on CNBC about it.
The courts ruled in favor of the networks.
Oh, hey.
The satellite companies can no longer carry the networks.
Isn't that great?
And at the end of the month, February 28th, they can shut the signals off on the rest of the TV and I guess Prime Store as well.
And they had a whole big, big interview about it.
The guy would be, uh...
Well, sure, they're not going to do that in rural areas, are they?
Yeah, they said even if you live in the middle of nowhere and cannot pick up any signal with rabbit ears...
Where's the logic in that?
I don't know.
They interviewed the representative for the network.
Yeah.
And they said that to him and he's like, well, you know, too bad.
And it's like, you know, the guy shut the signal off.
It's like, well, what if you live in the middle of nowhere?
Too bad.
Great.
They said the reason being is the government's standard for an acceptable signal to the consumer was put in 30 years ago and it's changed.
So they said they have to redo it and redo it and do more studies and list that and the other thing about what is an acceptable crap.
That's all a bunch of bull crap.
They're all in bed together.
It's all big business mirroring each other's hand and that's what it's all about.
It's got nothing to do with any studies.
That's just a delaying tactic so they can screw over the public.
You're right.
If I want to watch CBS out of Rawling, North Carolina, if I want to watch NBC out of New York or whatever and I want to...
That's my business.
If I'm on the pay for it, I should be able to get it.
It's nothing complicated, okay?
And these local TV and network affiliates that think that somehow they have the right to coerce us to watch, to get whatever program.
Screw them.
Screw them.
But you know what?
That's the American thing.
As the public loses out one more time and big business wins again.
I bet you're Paul Harvey's happy about it.
Oh!
Holy macken on!
This is Joe Boyle on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf.
You're listening to the Hockey Authority NEO GOD!
This is Tom Brocky, NBC News.
Stories are working on the Center for Disease Control has just released its current findings in the top 10 killers of today's Americans.
Heading up the list are Dodge Minifans, Guns hoating Redneck Teens in Arkansas, and replacing Hardiseez at the number one killer of Americans, US Postal Workers.
That's the Tom Brocky.
And this needs it.
It's 1114-133-QS-Company Facts of New York, another article about the Y-2K problem and it says,
just in case you're worried about running short of cash and you want to start holding all your cash under your mattress, the old panic,
the Federal Reserve Board, which clears bank-to-bank payments and automated payments, such as electric bills, has certified 98% of its mission critical systems as year 2000 compliant,
with the rest due to be completed by April 1st.
It's only the 10th of February, the rest will be completed by April 1st.
Does that give us your think like plenty of time?
I don't think so.
But hey, panic, because the sky's falling, baby.
We're close to those end times, put on your purple underwear.
One of the woman's purple magic underwear.
You think they might?
Let's just eat the young guys.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Oh, hello, Neil.
Hello, how are you?
Okay.
So I'm reading this little clip that somebody wrote to the editor in the Herald today.
Yeah.
A couple of sentences.
Can I reel him off to you?
I can barely hear this caller for some strange reason.
Go ahead.
Okay. A couple quick sentences.
So we have a budget surplus.
The Republicans can't wait to spend it in their usual way.
A big tax cut for the wealthy.
Or the Republicans can't get a pass of veto.
So they will find ways to waste our money, such as a $700 toilet seat,
and $250 for a $12 hammer.
They also sent lawyers from Ken Star's office to court at $400 an hour to get an order
to fly Monica Winske in from California at our expense.
Of course, class, of course, on the United, by the way.
Put it here up at the Mayflower Hotel and renting some rooms to talk with her.
Leave it to Ken Star, Henry Hyde, and company, and it's good buy surplus.
I just thought that was a...
Okay, thank you so much.
Okay, we have an open line in day two in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Who is that guy?
There was anybody with a purple shirt.
Was what?
Ax murderer.
Yeah.
No, seriously, who did he get that?
But who is he?
His name is Ed.
And what does he do?
He's a new intern.
Take it a little...
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hi, yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just have three people.
These people are like slow today, baby, as usual.
Go ahead, sir.
Sorry, I want to tell you.
The first point is, the guy that calls in about Mike Tyson is nuts.
I mean, Mike Tyson broke the log.
He needs to go to jail.
Period.
The second thing is, I guess, the Minnesota Vikings will have to change their uniforms.
Right.
That's about it.
Why do you think they got their ass kicked by Atlanta?
Thanks a lot.
I'm a new listener, so I appreciate the show.
All right.
Bye-bye.
That's that'll teach those purple people leaders a lesson or two, huh?
They couldn't make it.
They couldn't even win a guy they didn't manifest the NFC championship.
Much less get to the stupid bowl, which is how you do it.
Couldn't do it.
Well, I'm telling you, these were things.
When they, it seems like we've been here a hundred days this week.
This has been one of the most ponderous weeks, many people are slow.
They got no material.
They got nothing to say about anything.
Boy, I think we're out of business here.
Better cancel that party tonight, the near-warries ratings party.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Old McDonald had a farm, EI-EIO.
Sam the sham, by the way, came in here a couple of minutes ago.
He had the hoods put a coming here and pretend and called Joe Castello a liar, by the way, indirectly.
He never said that about the stuff.
No about this.
Like George is doing a show and he'll went to the doctor and left half hour early yesterday.
He claimed he was worried about me.
He was concerned about me.
You're going to be able to believe that?
Concerned about my welfare.
Here's a mobile and tavernier.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was one of them.
General manager, Jr., we got more little GM juniors around here, sir.
Everybody's a big boss.
And the less they do, the bigger of a title they got.
Go ahead.
That's the way it is in the world.
Yes, that's the American way.
You know, I think some day Monica and Bill are going to go down in history.
They're going to go down, yeah.
They're going to leave a legacy of doing this country a great favor.
I think they slowed down this religious rights takeover.
I mean, they brought it out.
And if they hadn't done anything, I think these people would have rolled over in 2001.
And it's just the way it is.
Paul Welles morning on a today show.
He even had all of them roll in their eyes.
He really did.
No, no, no, no.
When they commented about it, the host there was sitting there like dumbfounded.
They were rolling their eyes saying, duh.
Maybe Jerry is just like losing whatever little contact he had with reality.
Maybe he just lost it.
Maybe he's just totally floating in space at this point.
He's out of his mind.
I think, I mean, I know there's a lot of apathy and the bozo effector,
but I think he lost a lot of credibility.
And it's all ahead.
And have a great day.
Jerry Falwell had credibility.
By the way, in this section, this function afflicts a third of US adults.
30% of men, 31% and over 40% of women just can't,
but it does say here's some hope for you.
Research has also found that those reporting the least sexual problems were.
By a few percentage points, but nevertheless, educated, married,
which I guess you're getting more if you can marry that.
So right there, or Hispanic.
Oh, how do you like that?
Now the reason that I've been telling you this, see, they won't listen to me.
They will not listen to me.
They think, wow, he's just joking, he's just a kidder.
I've been telling this for a long time because Hispanics will have sex with just about anything that moves
or even a lot of things that are stationary, like an oak tree.
So naturally, they're having a hell of a lot of us trouble getting it up,
getting it off, doing their thing.
Doing just about anything, that's right.
So let's hear it for the specs.
They're doing it.
I'm a sense.
It's right here in the goddamn Campy Wrong.
It's in the Herald.
5667-0560 and 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line.
As we try again to fly to a very lethargic crown here today.
Here's a mobile in Hialeah.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
I wish to be appointed to Archbishop of the Church of VNH.
Yes.
Tyleeach actor.
I actually was able to talk one of the guys that works for me in the warehouse who was up to kit number four.
I can't feed himself and drive the car.
I cost them $3.
He's popping out, kids, and he's all but they're blushing from heaven.
Oh, yeah.
I plugged him into having a second.
All right.
Great.
So we can give you the purple medal of something.
The purple medal of the medal of feudal or something like that.
And the thing about the Latins don't have that many problems.
They just want to admit to it, that's all.
Oh, is that it?
Well, there's a lot of things they want to admit to.
God bless you, sir, and have a great life.
There you go.
He's doing and doing wonders.
Ah!
I'm fixed.
Thank God for that.
Just like, you know, Bob Barker's always on there talking about having your pet spater neutered.
Have yourself spater neutered.
Do the goddamn world a favor.
I heard this over the weekend.
They had a story about the enormous overpopulation problems, which we've already known in the
third world countries, which is all in Latin America, of course.
And much to South Florida.
Gigantic overpopulation problems.
And this on the heels, by the way, of the pope just haven't been here, but of course nobody ever connects those two.
Because they're terrified of the goddamn cat lick church.
Get yourself fixed.
We should have Bob Barker on there talking about, forget about your goddamn pets.
After you take care of them, in fact, maybe we can get a combo deal.
Maybe we can find a place where they like fix your animals and they fix you at the same time.
700 open lines in the board here this morning.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
With Jooski.
Hey, I got the problem.
I know how to solve the problem for my Tyson.
Yeah.
Only if my Tyson was a foreign person, we deported that.
How's that?
Well, he's an African American.
Deported.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay, we have, you first though, two open lines, and they wanted to be one and powered.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
If you weren't purple today, we know all about you.
And, you know, my words fall on deaf ears.
That's the problem.
Because I'm talking to this little, you know, narrow minded, not narrow minded, little tiny audience here.
In South Florida, some of whom are narrow minded.
Tinky winky is the part of a homo, it's part of the agenda.
The homo, she has you a agenda.
Because these purple carries a little purse and talks with a squeaky voice like Geldy.
This is a man who they put on there.
They prop him up like a real honest, a goodness person like somebody with an IQ bigger than a stomach size.
I was going to say bigger than his nose size or his public size, but that would be a stretchant little bit.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
They are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, Cuban spick here.
And I just want to tell you something when I was growing up and I was young.
And I started sexual activity.
Yes.
I went to my dad because obviously being a Cuban spick that I am, I was not circumcised.
Yeah.
So I went to him and I said, hey, Dad, this is what I'm going on.
I'm having pain.
What do I do?
And he's a hillbilly from Cuba and he tells me to go have sex with a goat.
And that's how he got circumcised in Cuba.
That's how I got circumcised in Cuba by having sex with a goat.
That's what he did.
He did.
It just assuming that I would have done it, whether I go find a goat.
Anyway, I just thought you wanted to know that.
Listen, I really wanted to ask you regarding why 2K.
I've heard you say something.
First of all, I wanted to ask you about the why 2K because I've only heard you come at a couple of times.
And I didn't know if you were serious, if you were joking, and I really...
I'm serious about why.
About why 2K.
I think you're a realistic guy.
And I didn't know what was your opinion on this why 2K.
My opinion is that it's a massive hysteria is what my opinion is.
I don't think that much of anything is going to happen.
Exactly.
In fact, I was reading an article last night that at the end of every decade, in this century, at the end of every decade,
they've been screaming the same crap by and warning people about the same kind of things that were going to happen.
And guess what?
None of it ever happened.
Okay. And like I said, I trust your opinion.
Okay.
And as far as the church, I got married.
I'm married for the second time.
Yes.
I was raised at...
Okay.
Raised at that.
Yeah.
Okay. I got divorced.
When I went to get married the second time, and it was all better.
When we went back to the Catholic church because the girl that I married, they wanted the Catholic church and all that,
okay, I went along with it.
Well, they didn't want to do it because I was divorced.
And they thought that I did some kind of a bad thing.
And then all of a sudden, when I started talking about money, all of a sudden, when I put a thousand dollars in the face,
now they wanted to marry.
Right. Well, you should have told them, you knew Frank Sinatra too, that would have since then.
Okay. We have three open lines. How's he feeling, by the way?
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hylia. Hello.
Uncle Neal?
Yes.
Did you hear the news this morning with the blurb about some state-of-the-law regarding roadkill?
No.
But now you can take your roadkill home and eat it except for dogs and cats.
Yeah.
I guess the roadhouse cat's period takes on a new meeting now.
Okay. Thank you.
Okay. We have an open line of Broward and 500 and Dayed.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Come on. Let's get 4,000 calls here today.
We might get three or four that might be a little bit interesting.
One call left on the board.
Now, what kind of issue of question?
Why is it that every call we're getting today is from Hylia?
We don't have that many listeners in Hylia.
Here's a mobile in Hylia. Hello.
Neal.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
What do you have against Hylia, Neal?
It's all a nice Cuban immigrant that you like living.
Yeah. What are you saying?
Neal.
I had something to touch on.
My girlfriend, she doesn't have much approval.
Yeah. I listened to you.
I'm a long time listener.
What does it mean she doesn't approve of me?
You guys are like you.
I don't know why.
I'll screw that bitch.
I'm just curious where you are.
That's a stupid.
Yeah.
I keep telling her to listen to you.
And she's in the car right now.
And she's like, you know, we keep fighting on and off.
About what?
What is it that she doesn't like?
What's her problem?
She thinks she's just thinks you're, I don't know.
I keep telling you a great, good question.
She thinks I'm what?
I don't know.
You want to talk to her, Neal?
No, I heard that.
She's hysterical.
She's like, okay, what did she say?
Okay, ditch the bitch.
Okay, just to open a corridor real quick and dump the bitch out.
Isn't that pathetic?
So typical, man.
What is it with the women in this town?
No sense of humor.
Uptight I have to put on this prissy phony goddamn act.
Man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the ATT.
Is it our phone?
Is it something I said?
Is it my right guard, my left guard this morning?
Man, this is weak.
But you know something I'm reading and moved from my chef salad from Chuck's.
In fact, I'm getting like a little stiff just all morning long.
I've been thinking about the magical moment when I would say,
okay, let's get the lunch over here from Chuck's in the sub-center.
The chef salad deluxe is that what it is?
I'm about cow combo chef.
Boy, is that good, man.
You can't meet like that.
Is enough to make my taste buds tingle.
Hey, buddy, have a heart or a liver?
Boy, I'm Russian.
Both my cheeks are stretching.
Ruined my underwear, didn't fake it.
I'm fine, I got streaks.
The TV guy I wanted.
I could use another newspaper to...
I've seen here do all, here on the cracker.
Clash, clash, clash, the kind that you flatter.
I have a big red impression.
I would ring from all of us in.
Good to be resulting from anything.
Too much butter, that's pretty so pork meat.
Now every time I stand up, I'm just like a bad-ass shit-hit-sack-down.
I'm a bit scared to be alone, here on the cracker.
Clash, clash, clash, clash, the kind that you flatter.
Clash, clash, clash, clash, clash, clash, clash, clash, clash, clash, clash, clash, clash, clash, clash.
I'm not even a bad guy.
It's a lot of 33 at 560 comes. Do you read this?
Facts from Ford Myers?
Peter in Ford Myers?
This is the most bizarre. I mean, I realized there are a lot of you over there on the
West Coast. Maybe the Sun is fried your brains. Maybe you've been just over there a little
bit too long, like maybe two, three hundred years too long.
This is one of the most bizarre
facts. And that's covered a lot of territory. It says, okay, let's start by saying I've
been in the mental health industry for quite a long time.
Not as a patient, but as an employee. Yes, I felt I had to say that. And after reading
this, I think yes, you did. My hero is Jesus. Not the Jesus you know and love. You see,
over the course of my career, I used that term loosely. I've met Jesus eight times.
He's come in different forms of course, the latest being a used car salesman. But each
time has asked me to become a disciple. Now, I know all the fun I'm missing, but I've
had to decline on all occasions. He can't even give me the winning lottery numbers.
Are you following this?
I guess maybe he's talking about the mental health patients. Does anybody's trying to say
very poorly written Peter? Nobody, you're in Fort Myers. Then he goes on to say,
Neil God, this is not all Zierry's fault. The gay group claimed Tinky Winky for themselves,
saying the purple color and the inverted triangle on his head represented gay pride.
Have a wonderful day, Neil God, Peter in Fort Myers.
But I thought it was a right side up triangle.
I beg your pardon? The gay triangle. I thought it was a pink triangle. Right, right side up though.
I think Peter needs. He's been over there too long.
Here's a mobile in Sarasota. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir.
From Sarasota, I'm so glad to hear you back on the net manual today. This is absolutely great.
Yeah, you ought to see this response. I'm getting here today. Man, I might as well be talking
into a goddamn Campbell soup came. That's right. These people are dead as a door nail over here.
Every day of my life, I don't do a radio show. I flagulate every day of my life for four hours,
every goddamn day. I try to get a response out of a goddamn brick.
I did have something to say about the religion thing, though. Yes, sir.
Well, you know, the easy part that I can say about this, if you break it down,
Jesus came because there was a devil. Squirt, squirt. Yeah. So all we've got to do now is,
if we go to church on Sundays, we should pray that God will just remove the devil from the earth.
That'll be the end of the story. Uh-huh. There won't be any. I keep asking how come God
let the devil exist and how come the devil does all these things and God just sits back.
There's always somehow impotent and watches the one without lifting a finger or whatever he's got
without lifting a digit. Exactly. And they can't answer the question. I've been asking that for
a hundred years and they can't answer the goddamn question. But I've never gone to church yet
where they just sit down and said, you've got to get rid of the devil. You know, everybody prays
for that. We pray for the little thing. Yeah. Like heal this person, which is good. Well, I didn't
even pray for the little thing and I still got one. Yeah, exactly. Thank you so much. I love the show.
And have a great day, sir. It God bless you. There you go. God. Sarah Soda. He likes the show.
Stayed in Broward. Not no interest. One call on the board. Is this what it's going to be? Because I
got the uh, oh yeah. Karen and Richard all screwed up. And she still seems good. I love that song.
Oh yeah. I know what's the point. What is the point here? These people you beat in your
flag, the late, it's brought 700 different things we got going here. They got nothing. They got
no material. Are we on the air? No. Is this just like a dry run? Uh-huh. It's gotta be.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's our last call of the four-letter day.
Hello. Hey, Neil. I do okay, sir. Deadly. Yeah. I'm feeling great today. Yesterday I run to the doctor.
I thought I was dying again. I feel great today. And this audience man, it's like 400 yards ahead
of me. Just can't catch up. Let me explain my situation as I'm 21 years old. Yeah. And uh, I
used to listen to you every day. And I moved to England for about two years and um, I'm back in
town. I was a musician over there for a while. And I couldn't find you because I couldn't,
I was listening for six ten and I'm sorry. Well, that's probably because we do all this great
promoted. Yeah. No. I put them car above zero. I used to love this show. I mean, I still do
of course, but I mean, it's great to listen to you again. But I'm saying is I turned to six
ten and it's all newsly. It used to be like nine forty. Yeah. And uh, so I couldn't find you on
the dial and then just today I was, uh, was in the car with a friend and he turned it on and it
was on five sixty and there you were. Thank God. Yeah. Never mind that. I'm sorry about that.
You still there? I'm here. Okay. Um, anyways, I just want to talk, uh, just catch up a little bit
because I haven't heard you in like two years. So, yeah. I'm sorry about that. Forget about that
crap. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Just keep moving on more than upward. Okay. So anyways, uh, first of all,
um, I haven't heard your opinion on the Detroit Red Wing. What, I mean, what kind of, what kind of,
what is it? What does that mean? My opinion on my wings? Yeah. Do you, are you a wing fan at all?
No, I'm not. Okay. Okay. So I want to be the Detroit Red Wing's fan. I made Toronto Maple Leaf
fan number one in a Florida Panther fan number two. How many teams can I be a fan of?
No, all of them. You have to be a fan. No, I'm not. Can't stand the Red Wing's to make me want to
vomit. You know, the thing is, I'm not one of those phony bandwagon jumpers like so many people we
got here that jump on the bandwagon because they went to Stanley Cups. I don't like the Red Wing's.
I never have. Right. By the way, I just should mention at least beat them all three games this year.
Hey, I'm from Detroit. So I mean, that's a little bit. We've kind of lived and died hockey. Yeah,
what do you have? You had enough. Okay. You had your two years and now let's go get somebody
else in there. You know, I agree with that. And that's like, especially the Murray connection down
here. It's just is kind of pathetic that Terry Murray is. You see, you know, I understand. You've
been away from here too long. There is no interest in hockey here. Don't you understand that these
people don't know from it. They don't have any interest in it. The Sun Sentinel writes in that
Torrell comparing Pavel Brey with Gary Sheffield. These people are hockey illiterate. They have no
idea even what it's all about. That's exactly the case. I mean, we're down here and people asking about
the blue line and everything. And six years now, we've had a team here and they still having got
the foggyest idea of who's on first. They have no idea what it's all about. Part of the reason why I
asked about the Red Wing is because in England, that's one of the only teams that they follow.
They don't know. They don't know Darryl Sittler from Eight All Hitler here. They got no clue, man.
But anyways, the promotion sucks. I mean, I really wanted to catch you. I was, we were
listening to you a few times on the net over there. Right. But we just kind of like, he's hard to
like get the time to, you know, because the time difference is very hard. And I really miss
the show. And I'm really glad to hear you again. I think you do a great job. I think the religion
thing is a great topic, especially for down here because there's a lot of older people down here.
Like I said, I'm 21 years old and there's a lot of us that love you show. I mean, because it's,
you know, we're just really interested in change and it seems like down here that changes a dirty
word. I think you're lucky if they change their underwear down here. I have a great day. It's
good here from here. It's good to see you. Okay, there's a living and breathing young man who was in
England. He put me in a couple of good bomb movements when he was over there because most of
the people are more comfortable. It is, you know, those silly brits rhymes with twists. And we have
an open line at Broward to indeed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the whatever line it is this hour AT&T wireless line.
Yes, buddy. I got the mouth. It's been a few years since Bruce Springsteen has released the CD.
But now he's going back into the archives to find the songs that he once recorded as a child.
With a make-meat patty wax you were alone.
There he had a little lamb. It's was one.
The magic dragon.
Warning. Did I let young children listen to this tape?
Hooked on phonic strictly prohibits it.
I think they have to let him out too right along with Mike Tyson. It's love him 45 at 560 W.
I got a very gut wrenching facts from R.E.L. Silver shots in plantation about the tough rules of the
sawgrass. This was from Friday January 22nd business column in the Sun Sentinel.
Cart and kiosk vendors say policies harsh. It exiles. It's exiles called the system of iron rule where
liberties were few. The rest of us call it the sawgrass mills mallet says and it goes on and on about
the dictators. It's kind of like condo commandos inside the mall. And it quotes from about 400 different
vendors who have the little push carts in the all around the mall. And about if they have a bad
hair day and they're in a bad mood they come out and they kick you out. If you're drinking a soda they
want to kick you out. And it's at all the other crap that they do in there. But your fascist running the
sawgrass mills mallet I thought you ought to know that. Open line and Broward to and date 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hello. Yes sir.
Neil? Yes. I have a comment. Yeah. What to do with Clinton? I think that since we've been
changing our currency we should change the point. We've been changing our currency. Right. We've
been changing the format. I think we were changing the format to what all music.
Yes sir. What do you want? Are you on like doggy downers? Are you on your last legs?
Are you like one step with two feet in the grave? What is your story? It's not like your
combatos. I think we should put Bill Clinton on the $20 bill and get it. How about we put you
on the $3 bill? How's that sound? Okay. You will fart. We have an open line at day two in Broward.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T. Turn on the light bulb. Okay. They're not doing your
title radio anymore yet but you'll ever know the difference. Okay. In your condition.
Jesus Christ. Here's Santa Bell. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Hey first time caller. Love listening to
your show and listening to the Hank Show in the afternoon. Right. Just wanted to call tell you about
a editorial I read that Clinton in the 99 budget budgeted $15 million for Viagra for the military.
Yeah. How absent I net is. What good is that going to do? Because it's good for morale
baby. In fact, wait till you find out that the uniforms and all the branches of the armed
services are going to color going to be changed to purple. There you go. Of course, we don't want
no purple people leaders in there. We have a two open line. We have 400 open lines. Okay. I mean,
this is this is the moment of decision right now. You're going to have to decide if you want to
speak to the fact I in a radio. You do it or you don't. I sit back here. These I got 80 million
car got all the good car for their stuff. I'm in a car for this kind of mood today. You know.
I mean, they're probably part of that home of social agenda to all of she and feeling
good right now. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and 0 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's like it's like Monday.
This time just died. Every now and then we're rolling along singing a song week. It's time and
all of a sudden like somebody just pulled the old plug and they died. You can almost smell it.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Neil. Okay. Hey, the last
bit that you played. What was it? The name of it? The name of what? The phrase that I said all
the names and stuff. It was hilarious. Yeah. Can you can you play it again for me please? No.
Okay. Here's our last holiday. Here's Naples. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? Okay.
I was live treating you. Great. Great. How was your trip to the doctor yesterday?
The trip was great. Anything else, sir? Yeah. I was trying to get that number for that
dollar mattress. I heard it on the air yesterday. Yeah. You did a gig with the one hundred
mattress. One eight hundred? Well, that's the number. One eight hundred mattress. That's the number.
And what do I have to mention? Mission, Neil. Roger. Mission, the fat Neil watches. They give you
some things. Hey, listen, the other reason I called is I'm not getting a good night's sleep anymore.
Yeah. I got these matted dents coming up.
It was from Naples. Okay. Probably one of the bees.
Open line of powered six hundred and eight five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the
AT&T wireless line. But I'm sure the people of dial amateurs thank you again for the extra free plug.
Thank you, sir.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello. Hello.
I was on his dime, too. By the way, yes, sir. Hey, did you read in the paper where they had that?
Who's on here that got thrown out of Miami? Xavier Sears?
Not him. It's the other guy. A highly on me.
Robert Martinez. Yeah. Did you see we're going to pay his legal bill?
No, that's that's an old story. That's from weeks ago. Yes.
Yeah. Isn't that a made? Don't you understand politics? They never met a crook they didn't like.
Don't you want to just get with the program? Pal, but you'll get with it.
All indignant and now raised. That's the way it works down here. Okay. This is a banana
Republican with it or get out. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? First time I'm calling you
since last year. How are you, sir? Good. I'm doing fine. The audience is a little under the weather,
but I'm doing great. I got a positive story to tell you. Yes. Took me a year and a half to find a
good contractor in Miami. Yeah. If I can give him a plug?
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale. Hello.
And Neil. Hi, everybody. Okay, sir. And Neil. I was told in a couple of times
of my yesterday, they're Muslims. And I was told about the King of King Hussein.
Yeah. Very around. Yeah. They have a tradition. They plug the Kings,
the Muslim tradition. They plug the food kind in the Kings nose, the nostrils,
in the ears. And it's... Bracto. Yeah. It's like the milk. You know about that? No.
I only have one question for them. They lay them down with women and fours.
Was he related to the guy in Naples? I think they were like Kiss and Cousins.
567-0560, 05-60, out of AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Daytona. Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. You know, I'm sorry. You know what it is?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry I came into there. I should have taken another couple of days off,
and Sam could have told a Joe and Joe could have called Duff.
I hear some things are going to the radio, and I still call and say, how you going?
Thanks for watching. I know. Chuck continues to be our good buddy.
At least he don't let us down. The sub-center over there on Quirinor 441, I'm Jerry Road.
Let me just do a two-hour spot for Chuck, okay? Because these people got nothing to say today.
Well, I'm going to have to drive here. This is the worst crowd I've ever had in my life today.
Every time you think you've had the worst, I'm not saying worst you're on this end,
because I'm full of good stuff. I'm feeling good today. But on the end, this audience,
this is the deadest, the crappiest crowd I have ever encountered in my life.
Well, do you want to, I have a very funny story. I was watching the Panthers game a couple
of nights ago, and there were so many of her... Rimmer was doing an interview with Murray,
and they showed the two of them, and they put underneath, you know, they had a little tag underneath,
they write, they write, they write, Rimmer, and they don't even put who he's talking to.
Yeah. It was the funniest thing in the world. It was the coach, and then said they put Rimmer's name,
Andro, it was hilarious. Anyway, if that worked for you, Pat, I'm going to be really enjoying the show.
No wonder he's still listening. Okay, I can take a hint. Launches here.
It's getting really nice to see you, Ron. Just like before.
It's yesterday once more.
I'm looking back on how it was in years or more. I'm looking for a sign that I had.
Makes me say, sing, rather than don't much have changed.
It's the song that I was thinking of, and I'd memorize each word.
No, no melody still sounds so good to me.
As I melt the air, the way.
Every shot while I lie, every moment, don't shine.
It's the song that I used to sing.
Every single one, no one knows the song to say so far.
Oh, my best memories come back really to me.
Some can't even make me cry.
Just like before.
It's yesterday once more.
Every shot while I lie, every moment, don't shine.
Every single one, no one knows the song to say so far.
Every shot while I lie, every moment, don't shine.
You're 1155 and 560, if you're welcome to me.
Why'd you just place the carpenters for two hours and ten minutes?
That sounds good to me.
Oh, he listened. They got no material today.
I feel great for the first time in eight weeks.
That's the way to the yin and the yang of this town.
It's always been that way.
I come in feeling great for the first time in eight weeks.
I feel like I should really be here.
No flushing, no rash, no sickness, no dying over here, no stiff neck, no nothing.
Come in here, all of a sudden after I got 85 million different things I'm talking about here.
Well, we don't want to talk to you today.
You know what?
Okay.
I enjoy the music myself plus you ought to see the size of this thing they brought over
in the lunch too.
Wow.
The chef's combo salad from Chuck's.
Man, I tell you one thing.
I don't know where he gets his meats but boy, this stuff and the cheeses.
He uses the best stuff.
I'm serious.
I'm not just telling you that because he gives it to us for free and happens to be a great guy.
And we love Nisi too.
And George and Joe got the hots for Nisi.
But anyway.
Prove the call.
It's been a few years since Bruce Springsteen has released.
I just say that.
Yeah, just play that.
Mom and a minute with my lunch and these people won't give a crap.
We got the nobody but the misfits calling off the year anyway.
One call on a board.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Amy, how's it going?
Okay, Snorke.
Great.
How's it going?
Mm-hmm.
Very good.
George, I'm going to my home building.
My home.
Yeah.
I guess I can hear.
I don't know what I wish I could hear you.
I wish you were on a real phone since you're on your own.
Call her.
I'm sorry about that.
I went back about the year 2000 problem.
Yeah.
I've got really a problem on a computer check and I've done a bunch of courses on your 2000.
And the biggest concern right now is the large companies with millions of dollars in that
sitting computer and people with really old crappy computers.
Anybody that's running a new computer, something like that, they shouldn't have a problem at
all and all it is just the height and before making money off of it.
Microsoft is selling selling software left and right.
Right.
2000.
That's right.
And making money.
Uh-huh.
And I saw something interesting.
You know what I was saying?
That's by, and they were selling search protectors and monitors.
They were saying, year 2000 compliant.
A search protector.
It's like something that goes into a watch.
It's an electrical outlet.
Right.
They're selling it with year 2000 complacency.
Yeah, but how can it go on unless it knows what year it is?
Exactly.
But that's the problem with that.
You can be able to feel like a third baby.
It's all a marketing thing.
It's all marketing.
It's all about money.
And that's what they're doing.
And anyway, I wanted to call you a few days ago about that game.
They played on Sunday Boston and on New York.
Did you catch that game?
The Boston and on the Bruins in the first game.
Well, I saw just a little bit of that.
I was watching Detroit and Pittsburgh.
Oh, well, that was a great game.
I really enjoyed that game.
That was something to watch.
Anyway, I'm out of material meal and I'm sorry for the go-to city.
But please, don't play the Carpenters.
Have a great day.
You too.
Bye-bye.
What do you mean, please don't play the Carpenters?
What am I going to play?
What am I going to do here for?
I'm going to sit here and talk to myself for two more hours?
Put them all on.
Just stick them all on.
You're OK?
Now, seriously, share some of the good stuff you've had with the audience.
Here's my me Beach.
Hello.
Howard Stern rules.
There you go.
Yeah, Howard's through rules.
And you're obviously one of his goofballs, OK?
And thanks for sharing all your material with us.
All your rules.
Well, I'd like to say what just happened here today?
I mean, just come out of the street.
Like I walk in off the street, come up the elevator, up the shaft,
the same old way, sit down and hear it's like the jungle's uses in here today.
Maybe it's the purple shirt.
Maybe that might be scurrying away.
You think that could be it?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Marty Cohn.
All right.
There we go.
Marty Cohn.
Remember him.
He's not feeling good anymore.
Marty Cohn.
Do you like the way he said that?
Marty Cohn.
Come on.
Let's go.
You guys can do it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
Marty Cohn.
Like I said, see, it's not a multicultural community.
It's a one-dimensional community.
Him and his kind.
Him and his ilk.
Marty Cohn.
Very good.
I love the way you said that with the emphasis.
Just don't talk to these people.
Just like I said, I'll take care of them.
Forget about it.
Just sit back and enjoy lunch.
Here's a lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, it was quick.
Well, it's quick because there ain't nobody talking to me today now.
It's just out of the blue.
I suddenly feel good out of my out of the woods for the first time in eight weeks.
And these people decided they hate me like poison today.
That's what I call it.
Jay, I feel better when I'm sick of the dog.
They like me better that way.
Two other purple related purple is the color of royalty.
So all royalty then.
Queen.
Yeah, queen.
Queen, see I write.
Well, that goes to you.
That's right in, hand in hand.
And then the other are, it's the color of law, too.
If you get, you know, your robes and you graduate from law school, it's always purple trimmed.
So.
So that's um.
Well, don't tell Jerry.
Oh, well.
Springer.
Have a great day.
Okay, here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil.
How you doing, sir?
I'm wondering I see a question.
Um, you always talk about it.
Wait, wait a minute.
Why are, wait a minute.
Why are you arguing with these people?
Put them all on a hole.
That's the order for, uh, answers to the YADAT and T.
Doesn't make any difference.
Put them on a hold, okay?
I'll talk to every goofball, every jackass.
Don't waste your time.
You got a nice free lunch sitting there.
Enjoy it.
Put a smile on your face.
Stop getting aggravated.
They're not worth it.
Yes, sir.
Go ahead.
Okay.
I just want to know how come when a popper boy got that large contract.
You were happy with H.
But normally when athletes with other sports get like large contracts.
They're the thing is, sir.
Everything is relative, sir.
Everything is relative because they've never had a high paid superstar on this team.
Six years in the franchise.
And if this team is going to go anywhere, if we're going to have any kind of entertainment out there,
this is the reality of the way it is now.
That's why.
But I'm not saying, I'm not specifically tining on the panthers.
I'm saying overall, you've always complained about how.
How is it going to get high?
Because it's all ridiculous.
There is no athlete worth eight or nine or ten million dollars a year, including him.
That's right.
So you think it's okay for the panthers to spend that much money on hand?
I just got through answering you that.
It's within the context of the way reality is now.
Yes.
Okay.
Thank you.
And you know what?
If you don't want to subsidize it, the games are all on TV for free.
Well, I still love you.
Okay.
Well, what does that mean?
So other times it's supposed to be ripping them and asking because they're giving popl buri all this money.
I got nose for your pal.
I don't want to go see boring games all the time.
I mean, we didn't have an exciting game in the event.
I would say blue the game.
And he wasn't playing in it.
That's a major miracle for this thing.
A little bit too much excitement if he asked me.
See that, I mean, you've got to like amp air VT cross, then air VI dotted and be just a hundred percent consistent.
I hate to break the news to you, pal.
We live in the real world.
This is the way it is.
Here's a mobile and four-water deal.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
I want to talk about those transportation police and the sunrise police.
What is with those?
What is with those?
What is with those?
What does that mean?
Those people.
I mean, I mean, what does that mean?
What is with those people?
What does that mean?
Transport different.
I don't understand why they have all these road blocks and all these traffic styles.
They're trying to find the New Yorkers like you and deport them and send them back where they came from.
Got it?
Don't be knocking my buddies there.
The plantation and sunrise porkers.
Okay?
We have an open line today.
And by the way, I haven't seen them stick no plunger up anybody's recto lately in plantation.
Since the cops are so wonderful in New York, everything there is better.
Even the garbage in New York is better.
You don't understand that, don't you?
Even the garbage there smells better.
Even the dog on the street smells better in New York.
That's why they all came here.
Everything in New York is better.
Eight minutes, like even the real Italians up there aren't quitos.
How do you like that?
Do you believe that?
No.
Eight minutes past noon at 5.60 WQA.
Hi, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger.
Neil's been to traditional horror houses and you've tried the local Escort Service.
But the big problem with these is you're a real busy guy and your life moves real fast.
You don't have all that time it takes for your horn to get undressed, get ready, do the job and then get paid.
You just want to get in, get out, in and out, in and out, and then go.
Well then you're going to love this.
It's the all new hump and go.
The prostitution station you've been dreaming of.
Once you drive up to a hump and go, you'll see an escalator at the front door.
Hop on.
At the top of the escalator, you'll see one of our many fine prostitutes already to go.
Once again, hop on.
Hump and go also has pay at the hump service too.
On the headboard, you'll see a little slot for your credit card.
Once you're done, just slide the card in and you're ready to go.
It's the all new hump and go.
The fastest f***ing thing in town.
Call 13 at 5.60 QM.
Once you're telling me that the AT&T wireless lines, the mobile lines that people were calling
about the other day, that the callers are correct about that.
That's one of the reasons we're having so much goddamn problem on this radio station is because the people at AT&T are morons.
Is that what you're saying?
And they have a fine sponsor, is do we?
What is it?
We don't want to say that about our fine sponsors.
Let me say it again.
I'm not talking about the sponsor.
I'm talking about the people that we're dealing with who can't forward the calls to the right number.
They're forwarding the calls to the 930 number, which is now disconnected.
So we might be getting 75 million calls here, but as usual, at some full company,
they always got their fingers stuck in your deep inside your deck and they're screwing up my life.
Whether it's Bell South, whether it's AT&T, whether it's about our good close personal friends at Bell South Mobility.
Good religious folks await me like poison.
And I would seem to be that our engineering department, I mean, I realize you told me they've talked to them,
but it would seem to me that they ought to be the ones getting this thing straightened out.
They've done everything they can.
It means they are.
Yeah, because I had a long conversation about it yesterday.
Yes.
They have to forward it from their end.
There's nothing our engineers can do about that.
Well, how come our management isn't even with us?
Sam?
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
GM Junior.
How come GM Junior isn't getting this straightened out for us?
And like maybe threatening a lawsuit.
You know what I mean?
We got the Marlin games, but we're still suing the Marlins, right?
Uh-huh.
So, you know, AT&T is our good and fine friends, but maybe we just might have to sue them to get it forward into the right number.
So we can continue doing a radio show here on this station.
Now we're starting to get to the bottom of this crap.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
You're in a rotten mood today.
No, I'm not.
And the talking to you, I would be.
See, does he really think I'm going to talk to him?
Does he?
I'm in a great mood today.
I feel like I said before, I feel better than I have in a year anyway.
I'm over my crud.
Eight weeks of this crap I've had with a flushing face and the rash and the sore neck and all these things.
And guess what?
Today, maybe it was psychosomatic.
Maybe I ate a can of dog food, okay?
A can of cycle.
Maybe it was all psychosomatic.
But today.
All of these things.
Are gone.
The only thing I need is real people to talk to, which guess what?
You're still not one of them, okay, puttwhacker?
You're a pus.
That's so sad.
It's so pathetic.
Like you said, all they got to do is see a little crack.
Like Rick Weber says, they turn those little cracks into gigantic holes every goddamn time.
Because they're there to rain and sleet and snow and hurricanes and you name it.
They're there just waiting for the opportunity to be on for two seconds like he was.
Now, I was in a great mood today until you called.
And I'm not even sure which jackass that was.
What was that, Andy?
Oh, God.
Get a frickin' life, will you?
And by the way, I spoke to the rabbi.
He said you're out.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
I'm Andy.
Yes, sir.
I got a call before about one of the police doing.
Yeah.
I'm collecting revenue.
I mean, hopefully I don't get a few seconds.
Yeah.
That was it.
Okay, thank you.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hopefully this is all better deal.
Dear day.
Dear day.
I'm not expecting good today.
Do you understand?
I don't care if it's good, if it's bad, if it's ugly, I don't care what it is.
Just give us something here.
That's all.
This is just obviously one of those days.
Hopefully this is something.
The other day I was over at my friends and I found out that his parents and him got the Arbitron Ratings book.
So I decided to comment here then and fill them out for 10 to 2.
Oh, I can't comment on that.
Oh, I can say it's good.
And you're going to have a couple of 50-year-old Julios giving you some ratings there.
So you'll get some 50-year-old sticks getting you, it's listening to you.
They get easier to deal.
That's for you, sir.
Thank you.
God bless you.
Okay, we didn't hear what he said, did we?
No.
I didn't hear it.
We have an open line of days, five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on a mobile one line.
That's on days like this, you know.
Those ratings come out.
You know, Greg Reid says, oh, you heard a good book, you heard a good book.
I didn't just have a good book.
I'm here.
I had a good book, air-meet books since I've been on his station.
We've had a great book.
I don't need him coming down here.
Give me that long-sad puppy dog look.
Take care of some business.
Get on the phone with AT&T.
Get something straightened out for the radio station.
Like I said at the beginning of the show today.
Thank you, and I aren't just coming on here screaming and carrying on.
Be it just for the hell or it because we're bad people.
We like some stuff to work with.
The audience can't see the nice new studio what it looks like up there.
They only hear what's coming out over the air.
And if you don't have a phone situation that works so you can't talk to people.
If you don't have a goddamn TV up there with a satellite dish so they can't watch
whatever they need to watch for the sports stuff.
If they don't have a sports wire that's giving them the sports news.
I mean, these are the nuts in both of the business, which is what Mr. Reid
don't understand, which haven't told you for 13 months plus.
He doesn't get it.
He thinks that he did everybody a big favor by building a glitzy, you know,
with the same old crappy equipment, by the way, and nice shiny new microphones.
Here's Cooper City. Hello.
Hi Neil, I'm not going to ask how you're doing because apparently you sound a little wound up.
I'm doing great.
Listen, I got a few things I need to check about.
Can I bitch her just a minute?
Go ahead.
I don't have any great lunch.
Okay, enjoy lunch.
I'll bitch while you eat. How about that?
I live in one of the condos in Holland with a bunch of the oys.
And we have valet service.
Oi!
I had the guy valet parked my car and we were unloading the groceries.
I come back downstairs when I'm unloading the groceries and Mr. Meade came by and
put a hundred and five dollar ticket on my windshield.
Oi!
With a valet guy parking my car in the fire zone.
Nice. Nice touch.
So I go to the city of Hollywood to find out how to complain about this.
And of course they say, oh, you have to mail this and mail this and do this and do that.
By the time I go, I have to go to sports three times for a ticket, okay?
Three times for a hundred and five dollar ticket.
I go to the judge. The judge tells me, look, the best thing to do is just to leave no contest and pay the
instead of paying a hundred and five dollars, you only pay eighty-five.
No, nice. What a bargain.
Right. So he's saving me twenty bucks.
That's what he tells me.
I'm saving you twenty bucks and two more trips back to court.
So you have no choice but to leave no contest and pay the damn fine.
Which I think is a bunch of crap.
But that's the side of the point.
Well, what about the valet parking guy?
What about him?
Jesus, I went to our office and bitch to complain about that.
And they pull out the paper that says they're not responsible for any vehicles.
You know, when you sign, when you move in, it says the valet, once you valet park your car, they're not responsible for anything.
If the car is stolen or broken or anything, they're not responsible for it.
So I got shafted on that.
Nice.
Also, I used to work for a courier company and I'd like to say hello to all the DHL drivers out there.
Because we all listen to the acceptable bullioes and they listen to that bullioch crap.
Correct. Yeah.
They can't understand anyway.
And that company really sucks because they let me go and I'm really unhappy about that.
But that's the side of the point.
Okay, well listen, sounds like you're doing better than I am.
Have a great day.
So good luck to you.
Okay, wow.
Well, there's something really hot in this meat.
They never have any real hot meat in your mouth.
Oh, man.
Seriously, I'm like gagging on it.
It's great.
It's delicious.
It's the onion.
Huh?
It's a very hot onion.
Oh, it's the extra hot onions.
That's what it is.
Wow.
God, and I love onions, man.
I'm obsessed with it.
It's one of my favorite thing in the whole world.
It was a nice spicy onion.
It'll make you shit.
That's right.
Here's a mobile in Boka.
Hey, yeah.
Yes, sir.
Long time, Colin.
Long time listener.
First time caller.
Yeah.
God.
All right.
I got a whole year report for you.
I'm driving down the road.
And what pulls up next to me?
I got in a white key shirt.
And he's driving a Chevy truck.
And he's bouncing the tires.
He's showing off.
And what do I see?
A pizza hot flag.
They can have the side of the truck.
I almost died, Neil.
Great.
And have a great day.
Right.
So I have a sitting ovation frame.
Come on.
Come on.
Do a little bit of that.
Sitting ovation.
Open line in Broward.
56670560.
560 in the mobile one line.
I'm telling you, the pastor has got the woodpecker
working up again today.
Make no mistake about it.
I can always tell which day he's a Yankeman.
Castor has got that woodpecker of vibrating like crazy today.
Here's Palm V.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing, bud?
Okay, buddy.
All right.
Listen.
I just got off the phone earlier.
Valley.
Early with your partner there, producer.
And he kind of likes the idea.
From 92 to 95, I recorded over 300 bits on all these
sets.
And I know you can't use some of them, but I remember you guys
talking about the day to 80s died.
It's a parody on, on buy by American Pie.
Yeah.
You were trying to figure it out.
And I have all these concepts.
And I know that you guys either lost them or Roy messed it up or somebody
lost a lot of these concepts.
And I told George I had the whole list of over 300 parodies that I could
send him and the ones you can play.
He can send it back to me.
And then I'll put it on a master tape.
And then I can send it back to you.
Great.
Sounds excellent.
Outstanding.
Is there, is there, and the one with the one I have right here, the one,
um, um, um, the, the, the day, you know, Broward County, um, I don't know if you can
play it if you can't then cut me off.
But here it is.
I like what you call the request things that are really long, you know, like about three,
four, five, I like that.
I can't start.
I'm going to put the guy in a hole.
Okay, maybe he'll come back.
If we're lucky, you can get the information from him and he'll send us this stuff.
I didn't think he was going to break into a thing or play this stuff over the phone.
Did we expect that?
No.
So let's just see if he comes back on there and just cross your thing.
Because if it's as good as that stuff, let's go for it.
Oh!
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm actually calling from inside of health and now the mobile phone.
Oh!
And in Pompano.
Wow.
Hey, I don't know if you've been in the security way.
I don't know if you've been clicking through stations while you've been attempting to do the show today with the collars and between the collars and the carpenters.
But I couldn't believe what I saw on CNN.
I saw a big campaign banner and who's sitting up there, Mr. Dan Quail.
Oh, yeah.
You got to be kidding me.
He's sitting there with one finger in his mouth, the other one in his back toe.
And he really believes people are going to vote for him.
How could anybody even conservative?
I mean, how could anybody in the right mind have the audacity to do this?
I got a little miniature of pinchers.
I got a better chance of getting the Republican nomination than he's got.
He's got none.
Less than none.
Zero.
Like the public's going to be soon to forget about his psychosis of a dumb shell like Murphy Brown.
And the fact that he doesn't know how to spell.
That's right.
It's unreal.
That guy, two collars together.
He's walking proof that too much bad weed will, well, if you had a little bit of a brain to begin with, you won't have much left.
There you go.
In honor of Niggerdly and the upcoming Easter season, how about all you can eat Negro?
I'll work on it.
Okay.
I have a great taste.
Thank you.
We have an open-line in Broward, 56670560, 0560 on a mobile.
When I was like that, Elizabeth Dolbych.
See, the networks are bored to tears because they know that all this penis-gate thing is going to end tomorrow.
And then maybe there, if there's a sensor thing, they'll talk about that Friday.
And they all got their plane reservations not on American, I hope, to go home after Friday.
So you know that they're not going to drag this out in any way, shape, or form.
So now we've got to move on to something new and exciting for them.
And they're actually talking about Elizabeth Dolbych.
Like there are really people out there who are going to vote for her.
Like she really has some business running for president.
Not bad enough that her husband was a dead man running for president.
Got his ass kicked and anybody in the world believes that she...
Oh!
No chance.
Who's got a better chance?
Elizabeth Dolbych or Dan Quail.
I would say neither one.
I would say even Stephen Nunn, NUN, 0.
Zippity Duda.
But they'll waste their time just like they did with Little Ross P.R.O.
Because Lurker King had to have Mon every week to fill up a night with a get other ass kiss and deal.
Like Tammy Face said, over and over.
And I always thought she was crazy with a bed bug.
The media is sick and they talk badly.
So they try to shove all of these non-persons down your throat.
Next thing they'll be trying to shove that stinky winky thing down your throat.
That purple thing.
Right there.
Have ever have a purple thing shove down your throat.
You blow too much, you're in trouble.
There's nothing like the smell of fine paint on a lazy Saturday afternoon to get high on.
That's right.
Sniffing paint is a great way to unwind on the weekends.
Forget all the chemically engineered neuro stimulants, those crazy self-American drug lorther designing.
This is the real thing.
I missed his little boy in an imp-pimp I had really...
Aaaaagg!
Not money, not much, but...
Get off and get off and eat the paint, stay forever.
When you want to kick back the laks and fry your brain to big and bits, pick up a good old gallon of wall paint.
I need heat, heat, heat, my cell.
Available everywhere.
Property at 560WQM, the Hank Goldberg show from Schuyllostate 2 coming up at 2 o'clock.
Boogshombie at 6th Ed Kaplan, the chronic gambling show at 10 o'clock tonight for all you GA members or need to be.
Here's a fact that's got to be interesting because the address on the facts in the top says Clear Channel Soft Florida.
So somebody on the inside over there has factored this very brief note, which we already knew, but it's bear's repeating.
It's a John Ford is so far a Peter Bulgers ass, the only thing sticking out is a shoe.
Remember John Ford, that had a morning show for like about two months there on Stupid Talk and then all of a sudden the...
Had that 0.6 or 0.5 or even worse than Mr. Ego.
And he disappeared now with doing the news on the Rick and Spud show.
That John Ford...
That one.
What does he, he's a creative monster.
Yeah, that's what Harry Penis, our former program.
And by the way, anybody seen him lately?
No.
Harry Penis, how about Tommy Kramer?
No.
How about Ron and Ron?
No.
Oh.
How about Greggo?
No.
Scoot.
No.
My church.
No.
Any other great talent they put on there, the Paxon and Queer Channel people?
No.
Huh.
What a shock.
Here's a mobile and keep this game.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, is this Neil?
Speaking.
How are you?
Great.
Good.
I had to call you, I've been listening to you for many years, I've never called, but I got a new CD from...
From the singer that you were playing and she's absolutely wonderful.
But I wonder what singer is that?
Carpenter?
Why do you say the singer?
I wasn't expecting you, I've been waiting on the phone for an hour and I just...
Did you surprise me when you came?
15 minutes and 15 seconds.
Okay.
Don't exaggerate.
You have a time out there.
Yes.
I'm exaggerating.
Yeah.
But I'm having a great day, how about you?
So far so good, great, the best.
Good.
Best call is in my life.
Well, at least the one or the best launch is in my life anyway, which is a lot more important than the cause.
What you have for lunch?
Okay, let's go to mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, a long time.
Listen, I've been listening to you.
I'm Zeta.
Not 98, but it's the first time I call.
All right.
I'm not sexually dysfunctionant and I've never been less than...
Oh, my goodness.
You're the one.
You're the one.
I'm the moral majority issue.
Wouldn't purple be just part of the visible spectrum of light that God created.
No.
And God...
It's bag code.
Yeah, God is infinite wisdom.
One key of known that homosexuals be associated with color, so why would he create it?
No.
You started it too complicated, pal.
Don't mess up a good thing.
Well, that's it.
Okay, God bless you, my child.
Have a great day.
We have an open-line at Broward 1-1-Date, 5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60 on a mobile one line.
See, I think what happened is I came on here this morning, 10 o'clock, and right out of the box, they could tell that I didn't sound like I was sick anymore.
And then I even mentioned that I saw Dr. Postgunyak, and yeah, right.
So as tough as it was for them to keep up with me before, which quite frankly most of them can't, now it's the impossibly.
Right?
Incrably.
And impossibly.
Maddickone.
That was the best call.
I mean, it's only the 10th of February, but that was the way he said it.
Maddickone.
The intonation, the whole ambiance of him, the call, the smell, everything.
Now seriously, could smell those re-fried beans, which I thought only Mexicans they re-fried bean, but I guess he don't know that yet.
Nobody had been telling him yet.
Well, let's do the asshole in four minors first.
Hello?
Yes, sir?
Did you want me?
I'm getting one of the closets.
A lot of fags over there in four minors, a lot of the closets, there's one of them.
It's the purple people leader in drag.
We have two open lines.
I thought that was the pope.
Like the guy said before, when he put on those purple shrouds.
Remember that song?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised.
Jimmy Hendrix must have been two, purple haze.
That was part of the bag plot, the homosexual agenda.
You're not fooling us anymore.
Here's coconut creak.
Hello?
Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir?
Boy, sometimes as much as they pay you, you could get battle pay.
Yeah, I'm doing okay.
All right.
We've had your lunch.
Feel great.
You know, something as long as you got your health and nice big fat paycheck in the pocket.
I mean, who cares?
If that long since I stopped letting these people abother me, I don't give a crap.
I think I'd have something to say by.
If not, I'll take the check anyway.
Two o'clock just run to the back.
That's right. Two o'clock.
I might have heard like a shot.
Two things I wanted to talk to you about.
Well, it's Robert John.
Elizabeth Dole versus Mr. Potato Head.
I think just on the fact that voting for Elizabeth Dole
would take Monica Lewinsky out of the headlines for a couple of years.
I think that's worth it right there.
Yeah.
All right.
And now to that bond.
Regarding the Panthers,
Robert Barry has shown up in awful lot of defects and places where we lack.
Today he sent Steve Washburn down to the minus to showcase him to try and trade him.
What about someone like Kirk Mueller?
Can't send him down to the minors.
I know you can't send him down to the minus, but listen, I was looking.
You know, I heard somebody yesterday talk to a Denise Popp and a Hank Show about,
well, you know, how about if we packaged Kirk Mueller and, you know,
and for a for a top line goalie or this, you know,
and I almost drove off the road and laughed there.
Nobody wants Kirk Mueller.
Doesn't this pose all the thing that we've been trying desperately to get rid of Kirk Mueller?
Everybody will take him.
You can't play anymore.
What about him?
He's dead meat.
What about packaging Kirk Mueller with the figure skater number 44?
And they're not going to get rid of him.
Are you kidding me?
They're not going to get rid of Robbie.
He's the favorite.
He's like the Sam Ducebag of the Panther Organization.
They're obsessed with him.
They're obsessed with him, but he does absolutely nothing.
He gets near the pocket.
You know, I've got 15 goals.
I'm not going to defend them, but I would agree that he's highly overrated.
But in terms of getting rid of somebody, he wouldn't be the one I'd be looking to get rid of now.
They got stiffs. They got garper law.
They got Mueller.
They got too many non-edities on this team.
You don't think if they put like, you know, a-
They got the Fizzy Space Act.
They put the package for Doug Gilmore, who's a free agent.
Sir, Doug Gilmore is making $6 million a year.
There is no way in the world that Doug Gilmore is worth.
That he is worth $6 million a year, or this team needs Doug Gilmore.
This team at the moment needs defense is what they need.
That's what they need right now.
They need another, maybe, a good solid score, but they need some defense as in two or three guys.
Not just one.
Well, Doug Gilmore, the idea that the Black Cocks ever paid $6 million a year.
They must be laughing their asses off in Jersey.
In fact, out here at the end of Doug Gilmore's laugh in his ass off,
they paid him $6 million for God that's 36 years old, and his best days long behind him.
Well, that would probably be true.
It is true.
In light of the fact that they're willing to pay up to $2.5 million of Gilmore salad.
Right.
But I still wouldn't take him.
I still would take him over Kirk Mueller or Neetamire.
Yeah.
Just to get a little bit of a scoring punch in there.
I mean, Mueller is just better days.
I mean, he should just go back up to Kingston and...
But he's not going to go there because Brian Marie made a bad deal.
I mean, you're trying to will something that happened, and we consider and talk about it
and put the audience in a coma for the rest of the show.
It's not going to happen.
Nobody wants Kirk Mueller.
So we have to wait two years and then just let him go back up the camp.
There you go.
Well, pack him a sandwich.
I mean, we thought nobody wanted Dave Gagne and Mike Burke was stupid enough to make that burray deal
and take Dave Gagne and his $2 million plus salary off our hand.
And we said, yeah.
Yeah.
But that doesn't happen too often.
It was amazing.
But you know, the one thing that I was afraid would happen did happen.
And that's when Barry got on the ice.
He showed how many more shortages that we had.
No question.
That's the first thing that I said.
When he went out there, other than Whitney, you saw a lot of these other guys,
the glaring deficiencies of their play.
And he shows it up like a magnifying glass.
Yeah.
It's true.
Well, good luck to us pal.
Thanks.
You have a great day.
We have an open line today.
Anybody want Kirk Mueller?
No.
One in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Good Kingston boy Kirk Mueller.
You want him?
No.
Come on.
So glad to see you.
My sack is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearl.
I don't even have enough to pack this world.
I try to keep it low since that technology.
But it don't get no bigger than a golf fee.
There's nothing I can do.
I only got a three inch two.
You'll be disappointed when we reach my house.
Because you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a mouse.
If they know Big Mac, more like a happy meal.
You get more satisfaction from your high heel.
You'll swear I was in a fool.
Because I only got a three inch two.
OK.
Sometimes at night I wonder if they will ever grow.
If I was a homosexual, I couldn't even push in your shoe.
It looks like Mr. Peanut with other things.
It's got capillaries instead of things.
I could cut circulation with a big ring.
For Halloween I'd rather like a buffalo ring.
It's in a tucking suit.
Because I only got a three inch two.
Even with a metric rule.
I only got a three inch two.
Now, I'm guy.
Yeah, you got a three inch two.
Oh, I'm out of here.
You got a three inch two.
Come in here, honey.
You got a three inch two.
And one is not quantity.
You got a three inch two.
I have only got five of three inch two.
I have only got three inch two.
I have only got a three inch two.
For a 45 at 560 WQAM, we have an open line in date.
If you move quickly like grease lightning, 560,
560, 560, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60,
animal mobile one line.
I mentioned by the way how great lunch was today
from the truck in the sub center.
God, was that good meat?
Here's Evan Tura.
Hello.
Evan Tura.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
What's up with all these callers that don't have a clue to what's going on?
Today must be a pretty bad day.
Look, I want to talk to you about Gary Falwell in his comments.
Yes.
You know, my little brother went to a Christian school.
And you know, the school colors were purple and gold.
Oh, my God.
And how many pictures have you seen?
I've been to a lot of churches.
You see pictures of Jesus up in the church or in the Bible.
I've been trying to be seen with this big purple sash on or whatever.
Jesus wasn't gay, was it?
Sure.
Oh, my God.
Oh, yeah.
If you read the Bible, you never had sex with women.
So what does that leave?
Yeah, well, not if you think about it.
I would like to take like, Gary Falwell and just get like a huge purple dome
and stick it up his rectum.
I think somebody beat you to it.
Oh, you think that's probably the way you do it.
I think it's probably a crowded rectum, yeah, actually.
I'm not a material.
Hey, can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yes, sir.
Wilbur, you are a douchebag.
Okay, and take that thing out of you, Wilbur.
Okay, we have an open line of date.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 60.
Oh, and by the way, if my mother's listening,
Joe Costello is witnessing the my shining of your thing already.
Okay?
He's the third in the last, the final witness.
No, seriously, we had Marvin Gasing and before.
Can I get a witness?
And finally, we got it.
I want to testify that parliaments are doing it right?
No!
We got the three signatures on air.
It's kosher.
It's in the mail.
It's done with.
She has been bugging me and bugging me and bugging me about this thing.
Like, I'm going to crope before she does.
And she's not going to wind up getting her goddamn condom in me while we're in Hollywood.
Something to convince you about.
And you know something?
Two words.
Keeps.
Since yesterday's show, two words keep coming back to my mind.
All my long, I was waking up in the middle of the night.
And the two words kept resounding in my mind.
Nursing home.
Oh, my God.
And just, maybe that's why I feel so much better today.
Huh?
I feel like I've had a cleansing experience mentally and physically.
Yeah.
Just dummy up.
Okay, sweetheart.
It's done.
It's a done deal.
You're in.
Okay, if I croak first, you got it.
Don't hold your breath.
Here's a mobile at West Palm Beach.
Yeah, warm stuff.
Listen.
We don't like...
I'll at least, they want to stop us and make it just because we're riding down the street.
Yeah.
But maybe if you share some of your good stuff with them, they'll have a better route to be okay.
Give it a shot, pal.
Yeah, mine.
We have an open line in Broward.
Five, six, seven, eight, five, six, eight.
See, one thing about your makings.
Most of them are pretty nice people.
They got the good weed.
But a little on the...
Do I dare say it?
One dimensional side.
You know what?
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
A little on the one dimensional side.
Are you making friends?
Here's a mobile in Halea.
Hello.
Hi, I'm Arikon.
All right.
Good one.
Well, we had more calls from Halea today, man.
Then you can shake your wand at five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight, five...
So what's the deal with the AT&T line?
What were just in the limbo?
We're just...
We're just...
Where's the limbo?
It's in whose hands?
AT&T.
Well, why isn't it in some lawyers' hands?
See, this is what I do not understand is why is our so-called management people upstairs?
And I sure do want to pick on Ben down again here today.
I don't want to start picking on him in the delicacy of Nishnizan.
After Rimmer, two of them asked you today because they didn't get that damn hockey show on the other night.
But I mean, for crying out loud, you know, and this is one more reason, by the way,
that we weren't ready to be over here yet, just to make Greg Reed feel safe and look better during the Super Bowl week,
to be a sports big shot, which he denies, but we know it's the God damn truth.
Even GM Jr. would have to admit that.
We weren't ready.
Before you put anybody in up there, before anybody moves anything,
all of these things should have been done.
They should have all been checked out, all the things with the phone company...
All of these things.
...would have been taken care of.
Then you make the move.
Not kind of like embarrassed everybody along the way and make us all sound like a bunch of butt plugs
and desperate to try to do a goddamn radio show because nothing works
and we have no phone system at works right?
And the AT&T people can't get through and we're all screwed up
because Greg Reed is up there trying to make himself look good.
And what is he worried about? He's worried about the thing isn't coming to work here.
Because the water Nazi up there...
See, let me just... I want to lay something out for you.
If you're ever going to work at this radio station, if you're a prospective employee of WQAM.
Unless you are one of the following four people.
Follow what I'm saying, okay?
You have no input here whatsoever.
The water Nazi, Luann the sales bitch up there, our sales manager.
Who might leave an odd?
The nephew and Sam the Sham.
Those are the four.
That's the family, okay?
Greg Reed and the...
Even the Corleone family wasn't tighter than those five people right there.
They're attached at the hip.
They're sewn to each other's...
Recto.
That's right there.
Lips are on each other's... Recto.
Make no mistake about it.
Unless you're one of the...
Which is why our program director is not a bad guy, but damn, little weak.
But that's why he's having a nervous breakdown.
He has no power.
He is not part of the empowered group.
Even GM Jr.
Sam the Sham who does nothing tangible that we can trace to him.
Nothing.
Even he's got a thousand times the power that any program director here would ever have.
It's on the gate of his...
If it's Andrew Asson of Wood, if it's Bluff Lindsay, or some of those people out there are campaigning for...
Here's the gaggy.
Stuck, okay?
Okay.
For that bump plug, that's a finalist personality list piece of third.
It wouldn't make any difference who it was.
Because they don't have the power.
They don't have the naked pictures.
They're not part of that inside group.
That's the family, baby.
Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
It bothers me every day thinking my parents busted their ass to put me to Catholic school all my life.
Yeah.
And I'm 26-year-old and I realize there's no such thing as that crap.
I mean, Jesus Christ was a radical hit against the institution.
You know that in the fourth century they sold these things to wipe out people's sins of the church wouldn't go bankrupt?
I'm going to crap with that.
Buy your way out of hell.
Hey, work for them.
Well, yeah, sure. I'm definitely bankrupt right now.
They don't mind going to hell.
They're in a box somewhere now on the ground.
Or maybe just say, well, okay, Bob.
You know what I think happens now?
He's trying to make it from basically.
Jesus Christ hung out with hookers, brainwashed a couple of people.
Two thousand years old, I'm thinking we might be saying Gandhi was a free guy.
And more and more of those purple garments, too, by the way.
Yeah, you want to go story in the purple color out there back then?
It was a very redder dye.
It was very expensive and only rich people like in the kings and queens and all that crap.
That's why purple became the color of maggots.
A lot of queens walking around in purple.
Yeah, that's how the color in India, along with a lot of maggots in their ass cracks.
I'm dying out of here.
Yeah, that's what they said.
Okay, good luck to you, pal.
Say, how do the maggots?
Oh, it was maggots that were where I had to do with the purple, not maggots.
We did, Jerry got a letter wrong.
He's always missing by one letter.
Maybe he's illiterate.
We have open line of day one and powered.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Mobile implantation, hello?
Yeah, oh, God.
Yes, sir.
You're going to love this.
I live out by you.
Maybe the one was out yesterday playing around with all the channels.
Give us these channels.
Pick those off.
You know what I'm doing?
He's George.
Yeah.
So today, the phone rings.
You know what this is, George?
Go ahead.
It's not who you're thinking is.
Okay.
Today, the phone rings, medium one, is on a phone.
And yesterday, I had a ESPN2.
I was watching a hotkey games today.
I don't have it.
You know, for the day off, for the cell, it's going to be for $6.
I said, hold on.
Yesterday, it's free.
Today, it's $6.
It's a monopoly.
I don't get it.
I don't understand.
And the picture's terrible.
Yeah.
It's all fuzzy.
Worst that it ever was.
Well, you ought to turn on whammy and see the heat game.
That grainy picture that looks like a picture of the 1950s on the old Dumont network.
I mean, the game is ESPN2 free for two months to hook us all those hotkey fans that were watching
until two in the morning.
Yeah.
And they take it away from us.
They know what they did.
And they tell them, I'll get you the next day in trying to sell it to you.
Two words come to mind.
Small dish.
Small dish.
Watch all the hotkey games you want.
How does the city of plantation let them do this?
How do they let them do what?
It's a monopoly.
Well, you're listening to me.
Small dish.
I got to call you guy.
I got to call the Aaron guy.
I guess I said.
Small dish.
Trust me.
You can tell he's not going to do it.
I got to do it.
It's cheap.
It's cheap.
It's so cheap that it's embarrassing that these bastards upstairs didn't go out.
They could have called.
I heard Hanks ain't yesterday.
They could have called our good friends and applying steve depot.
They'd have been right over.
They would have stuck the thing up in their form.
They could have traded it out for one spot.
But they're so terrified it might actually cost them some money to do something tangible for the poor back to that work up there.
Bring it on all the money into this place. It's a scandal. It is scandalous how cheap this company is.
And I'm not exaggerating. It's unbelievable. Don't even have an exterminator so the people I think they're getting rid of the bugs and erotic from the other building.
We already got ants falling from the ceiling in here and it won't be too much longer, especially if they like Josh Freeman upstairs.
It won't be too much longer before all the maggots start crawling around in here too.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Yes sir.
Neil, how's it going?
Okay. This is a suggestion for the pandas. Why don't they go to Russia and pick up some defenders which you're talking they don't have.
And they obviously don't have. But they have some pretty good players there. They're very cheap.
I mean they don't have to pay too much money except for the any whatever the national hockey league go Russia. They pay 200,000 or whatever it is.
Yeah.
You think that would be a good deal?
No.
We have an open line in day 5, 6, 7, 0. It's pretty obvious in the organization we don't have any but it's pretty thin in the organization.
That's very glaringly obvious right now. It's very suspect.
But I'm not going to get started on that again because nobody here cares they have no idea they don't know if sissy space egg from Yaroslav Spacek.
Okay. Here's Miami. Hello?
Hey Neil, what do you think about circumcision?
What do I think about it?
Yeah.
Quite frankly I don't. What do you think about it?
There's a lot of people that are against it and I wanted to say that's the best thing I ever did.
Right. Amen. Okay. I said I'm all for it.
Clemence is next to Neil godliness. Okay.
Clemence is next to.
Neil guy.
Open line at day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. See we can tell where that guy's mind is at.
Right between his legs like most normal guys.
Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello?
Having Neil.
Yes, sir.
What are you calling Jamaican?
Jamaican?
I didn't I sure you better get advice that Jamaican.
Jamaican. Yeah.
Jamaicans are not into that cool crack man.
They're not into cool crack. Don't you make it?
Do you make it?
Wait a minute. Did you make it deep watermelon?
No.
I apologize. Okay. Take it back.
We have an open line of power at 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pond.
But what Jamaicans great people. Great weed.
But one dimensional.
One dimensional narrow.
They got to like expand their horizons a little bit.
But Neil Roger show now on 5, 60 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
It's the latter to two hour.
You might earn any high-operacy to lose Black History Month.
Hello, fine Jack Perkins.
Join me for a look at the legacy of African Americans who contributed to the Black culture of today.
And turn more like moms mainly.
Slapy white.
Eddie Anderson.
Moscow Lee Brown.
Chelsea Brown.
Rodney Allen Ripley.
Eugene Robinson.
Tim Moore.
Moe fly.
Shirley Hampton.
Gothed Cotto.
Lawrence Milton Jacobs.
Mel the Moore.
Mel the Tote.
Lo Wanda Page.
Samville.
Jackie Moore.
Paul Buckley.
Farina.
Buckweed.
Steppenfadget.
Irkall.
Ferris Fiend.
Wade.
Scott Free Cambridge.
Whitman Mayall.
Butterfly McQueen.
Johnny Brown.
Big Nate Markham.
Willie Tyler.
Dan Lester.
Paul this month.
On TV.
Aldi.
Okay, it's 102 at 5, 60 WQM.
Hanks coming up at 2.
Bullget 6.
Eddie Kaplan 10 o'clock tonight.
We have an open line in Broward 2 and Dave.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, about the Jerry Fowell comment.
Other, the Christian right.
They're the ones that are destroying this country.
Does it matter if the president gets a blowjob or not?
The real issue is that the Christian right is destroying this country.
And Jerry Fowell.
I hope you drop dead.
You fat son of a bitch.
Okay, thank you.
We'll pass it along.
Pass it along, George.
Mark it down.
We hope you drop dead.
You fat, phony, smug look in son of a bitch.
You bigoted bastard in drag.
And by the way, he's probably wearing purple clothing in that shirt.
Huh?
You think so?
Yeah, what's that church in Lynchburg that he's got?
The something ridge, some of them.
They're always on a ridge and maybe he'll jump.
Dave County's open 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We apologize to our AT&T people with their mobile phones,
but don't blame the, don't blame George.
Don't blame the engineers.
blame our management.
Because they had the big rush.
There was no bombs rush.
Right, Greg, tell us another good one.
Okay, with a straight face.
Here's a mobile in 4-Lotterdale.
Hello.
Neil, yeah.
I mean, my brother were great fans of yours, and you like to talk to you, hold on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, what's up with the heat, man?
It looks like garbage last night, man.
Yeah.
And you know what?
Yeah.
You sound like garbage.
We have an open line in the Broward All 3 and Dave, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I wonder how long they've been practicing that.
They've been working on it.
In the call, too.
Here's a mobile in 4-Lotterdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I will tell you very full of dust on the status face, I think, of everything on television.
But anyway, I wanted to thank you for basically saving my job about six months ago.
You did a skit that very much helped me.
You were just getting on your nation.
And I had a urination problem in that, whenever I went to the bathroom, I dripped urine on my pants.
Yeah.
You had suggested to put a piece of toilet paper tissue on the tip of the penis just to stop the dripping.
Right.
You remember that?
No.
You don't.
No, anyway.
I remember high and bad.
How long have you been having these hallucinations?
I've been having them about eight months.
And when you did that skit, it really, as I said, it helped me tremendously.
And I was, yeah, you can believe how embarrassing it is.
Back on the bathroom, you have a big urine stain on your pants.
Yeah.
But anyway, you solved that problem.
Well, listen, as far as the other thing goes, high and toilet paper there, like before you will put your pants on.
Two open lines in day two and brown, five, six, seven, oh five.
Yeah, I know we actually got them going there for about an hour.
We had one hour today.
We got a little bit of the carpenters did it.
Huh?
That's what Jesus said.
The goddamn carpenters did it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound five, six, eight.
Well, I guess we'll play this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
Yeah.
Good shots there right in the clouds now.
Three days.
Okay, one, oh six and five, 60 WQAN.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Sure Dan Clale.
What do you think I'm talking about, is Denenberg?
No good okay here we got a new one now we got the Tommy Denimberg guy a new chronic five
six we got one call left in the board got the Carpenters and good voice today by
the way she hasn't sounded as good since they later back out of the box five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile
on the alley hello hello hey Neil yes sir that pound five sixty is not working
then that pound five I just got through talking I understand that I know that I wanted
to verify I'm going through the alley and it doesn't work it doesn't work if you
got AT&T that's right hey listen because they got it could have hooked up to a dead
number in our management are sitting around with their thumb up each other's
hands exactly hey listen I can't call it about the Viagra for the department of
defense people that six pills you get a month so it's you know you got to use them
wisely yeah over at the VA there was hand you're allowed six so don't shoot it all
in one spur and as soon as the tomorrow's done by the way no as soon as Friday is
finished they're going to be sent in Monaco over there she's going to be making the
grand tour also exactly the other thing is this basketball strike did wonder for me
watching hockey I'm now become a hockey fan it's a great time to tell you something
people that watch professional basketball I mean some of college basketball still
pretty good but people are watching the NBA are people with no lives whatsoever the NBA
is a freak show it is the biggest waste of time anybody who's watching the NBA needs
to you know just lay down in a box and then save the oxygen the fresh air for
somebody who really has a life that's right I'm done with it but listen what's those
initials they have on a front of the jerseys like uh...
hello I'm listening yeah the initials on a front of the jerseys like an A on needle
mires uniform what what does that represent alternate captain there is one captain
and two alternates which means that the captain's got bad diarrhea or he's suspended
or something then the alternates one of them takes over a couple cool
right here thanks we have a great day needle mire need appear
we have an open line at day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line
portions of our show brought to you by our creatures pride road till because good
meat shouldn't go to waste and now back to our show
outside
There we go
Anyhow my name is Fran few ge Cont a family which is Knobin Eastwood is from
слan
And you know there's not some people the dough that they think because I spent a
little M gewada when I'm koal it
Mean the neither mother tjoy call me theigen herbs
I know remember y'all.
They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court.
Yeah, I got to munch you.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to catch you all straight.
When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law.
There you are.
I've been talking and I've been talking to the E.
And I've been talking to the West.
And I've been talking to the West.
And I've been talking to the West.
And I've been talking to the West.
And I've been talking to the West.
Let's go bird one, y'all.
114-560-W.
By the way, we had a total stranger walk eight about 10 minutes ago.
Stuck his head in the door, said I got a message for Sam Dusbag.
Your promotions man, he said most of us around here don't like you.
Okay, let's go to a mobile in the Grove.
Hello.
Aneel, what's the poll question today?
Poll question is K. Paso in the big city.
Aneel, I call you last week.
I call you last week.
From Lake Donald?
Yes.
The weirdest freaking people fly on planes man.
There was this guy sitting in front of me.
He was so, so, so, so, so,
Now the weirdest people probably fly without planes.
But anyway, this guy stinks so much underneath his arms.
Every time he writes,
Oh, don't you love that?
He's going the whole way.
Oh my god.
And then every, he probably French.
No, listen to this.
He put his head right next to the window and he left like a, like a thick inch layer of grease
on the window, the airplane.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
What a gross retest piece of crap guy.
Unbelievable.
Tell us Puerto Ricans to stay home.
Unbelievable.
Every time, you know, I understand exactly every time you say that this is a death town,
we try to travel as much as we can.
Several times a year.
And every time I have to come back home, you know, I go inside that airplane tunnel in reverse, man,
because I hate coming back here.
But as soon as they heat the humanity,
Oh my god.
Ain't that right man.
It's like they just light you out in the middle of a tropical rainforest somewhere.
Unbelievable.
Okay.
Good luck.
Any other shameless request please that Jamaican gone just on you have.
I think I will.
I will.
I have a great day.
Bapapapapa.
Just calm down.
Relax.
I know you're happy to be here.
We have an open line in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
How could a man with a bad haircut like that come down here standing his doorway and pretend
that he thinks that because he's a general manager and part owner, whatever, whatever the titles,
he's, you know, assessed to himself.
He thinks that because he says something, we're going to agree or we're going to accept it as fact.
To which I would say, I'm not an ask his real, okay?
Just like when he came down here this morning.
And I gave him the business about that Sam douchebag stuff.
And about the, there's nothing about this.
And George is doing a show.
And then Sam comes down here with an even funnier line.
And he was so concerned about me.
Oh my god.
He's concerned about me.
And how I'm feeling.
Man, you, yeah, you're as transparent as a piece of thin glass, okay?
As a piece of clear plastic.
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach. Hello.
Hi Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Call for a couple things.
Once you beg people for calls, you know, you show it's very entertaining.
I'm a relative and you'll listen to it.
The average listener, I mean the average caller, you give like four seconds of their time
and you hang up on it.
Well, if they don't have anything, what would you like me to do with it?
Some kind of a more.
I would like to see them have something funny to say.
You cut them off.
Like what?
Give me an example.
I don't know what they're next to say, but I'm entertaining.
And also, hey, they're gone. Damn, you know.
So in other words, the entertaining calls I cut short, is that what you're saying?
Yes, that's right.
Now, what was that? Give me an example.
Half five callers, maybe one of them got to talk more than 30 seconds.
But I'm surprised you let me on this long, be honest.
And please don't play that gong as long.
It's about as entertaining as cancer or the colon.
Please don't play one.
That gong is just a song I just asked.
Play something funny, something offensive.
Like even at the Y or something like that.
And he's right. He was on much too long.
We down in Jamaica in the Calabin.
Okay, we have an open line of day one.
But I don't have time for that thing right now.
I see this is a radio show.
I'll play it once in a great while.
If the mood just strikes me.
If it's whatever to I might play something you want to hear a request.
And then we do our holidays all request day.
But then we're smoking here today.
We got all these great calls like this last boring guy.
He was all right.
He was just trying to be a Oshan Provokator.
Did it work?
No.
Nice tricer.
And you were on much too long.
You're right.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I work on the 17th Street Causeway.
Oh my god.
And I can hear you perfect.
Yeah.
I'm up in the tower.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, I'm a first tender.
Yeah.
I work up in the tower.
I gather this much, sir.
I get your perfect.
Great.
And I don't have anything against that song that you used to play.
Would it be you want to toss the guy off the thing and all that doesn't bother me whatsoever.
Oh, that's good.
Nothing like a bridge tenter with a good sense of humor.
Yes, go ahead.
Talk to somebody at the fish bag.
Yeah.
Nancy and Scott push bag.
Okay.
Don't jump out.
We have an open line at Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
How come that thing is in the air?
Think about it.
Oh, sorry.
I'm sorry that I'm off like a little bit.
You ought to be used to that on the station.
Well, I don't know about you.
But you shot like some stupid idiot.
Okay.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, buddy.
Okay.
Open line of data.
I guess he was not long enough either.
Just long enough to say.
I guess I should let that go too.
No.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless.
You show his great, but you let people on longer.
You cut him off too fast.
And by the way, how come I'm still on?
You know, the more I think about that guy, he was pretty entertaining.
How come I'm still on?
He was like in shock that he actually was on that long, which is why I left him on that long.
He was just waiting for the dial tone.
He was joned in for it and the tone too.
And what do you want to hear?
You want to hear something disgusting like?
Are you searching for a new sensation in dining?
If you're tired of that same old bump and grind, then why not revisit an old friend and eat it to Y?
That's right, folks, because here at the Y, we've turned our old facility into an outwattering buffet.
And you've never seen a red like this one.
Featuring some of the most delicious entrees you've ever tasted.
And if you like eating Mexican, you'll let the Y because every night is taco night.
Or if you enjoy the taste of wild date, our chef's prepara lets acting soft, hazelnut, baked in a golden flower crust.
That's right, airpies.
It's all here.
Literally, mountains of piping hot food, including juicy steaks, cooked medium rare.
Because when you eat it the way I've all been eating it in the middle.
Or if you like spicy food, here's an unusual entree.
A red hot-cheat and mule steak.
Talk about a piece of ass that brings tears to your eyes.
It lifts back in good to chew both on a mess.
Oh, the next time you eat out, light on down to the Y.
Yes, North of Percy Highly, on the number one egg.
That'll fix that penis.
I'm sorry, I'm 21 and 550.
You're talking about John penis, one of our sales.
Of course, listen, if you're one of those uncut masses, you ought to get your penis fixed.
Because it is broken.
I know, I know. It works.
But I'll be if it ain't broken. Don't fix it.
Here's Port St. Lucie. I'm terrified who this might be. Hello.
More kneel. Are you sir?
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is what?
I can't hear you.
How are you doing?
Is this that idiot Greg and Port St. Lucie?
My name happens to be Greg, but it's not an idiot.
Oh. But is this that chronic Greg?
I would say formally.
Yes. No, not formally, currently, currently.
What did I tell you? Before I punched it up, I knew it was.
I told you. That's why they call me...
Oh, God.
That's right. Before I even punched the line up, I knew which butt plug, which chronic pin in the ass.
And guess what? By the way, we don't read your facts.
They go right in the circular file.
Greg and Andy from Hollywood, we're going to have an on-the-ear wedding.
Right here on the radio. That's right.
We're going to join them in Blessed Union right here on the ear.
A match made in heaven.
And then the guy with the eyes and the guy with a fanny pack, those two guys, we're going to marry them off on the ear.
Oh!
Yeah. Gilbert and the thing.
We're going to get...huh?
We're going to make a shibach as they say in Yiddish.
That's with these, by the way.
That's what they say.
That's what's called making a match is what that means a shibach.
In fact, let's get rabbi lipsticks in here to make it.
Here's a traffic report on a mobile hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is Mike. I'm traveling south on a turf.
I didn't know if you had any reports yet or not.
But you're the first.
All right. Okitobi Road.
Everybody exit there to traffic stacked up for a long, long way.
I just look to you turning going down from Avenue and start letting your listeners know.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Ok, have a good one.
And back to you.
Well, God bless our pig report people and our traffic report people.
Because otherwise, like I've told you before, for the audience, we have no...
I've got to call about the Tony Martin arrest two days ago.
On the sports wire upstairs, did they have it?
No!
Because Hank Ballistic and Psychotic that they didn't have it.
And rightfully so.
I mean, we have no communication with the outside world.
That's because Greg Reed is going up there.
Oh, look at the nice new studio we built for you guys.
For you ungrateful bastards.
And your studio will be ready someday, too, Neil.
Someday.
Wow.
We can't wait to move the same marginal crap equipment that keeps bustin' down,
that we got sitting in front of us right here, up by one floor.
Into another road with George with a room the size of a broom closet.
And me with a smaller studio.
But maybe a couple of microphones. Nice shiny mics.
Wow.
I mean, this man's concept of radio broadcasting is...
...dereical.
Here's a mobile in Hylia. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
You tried to burn new cigar from Nick's cigar.
I'm burning you a Cuban cigar.
Which one, the mitochondria?
It's Campichi.
No, it's your home, but it's your Lichy.
Okay.
Whatever that means.
Why you got your own little deal going?
You're spicks you're back and forth.
What is he say?
He's lookin' it for all he can, something like that.
We have an open line in shade and one in Broward.
5.6.7.0.5.60.
And pound 5.60.
On the...
Why am I saying pound 5.60 on the AT&T line?
I just realized how stupid I am.
Am I some kind of a moron?
Uh-huh.
Just because it's written on a log here,
because we have this arrangement with mobile one-way-doo one hour.
We do the alternate hour with AT&T-Y.
And I'm saying AT&T wireless pound, what's the point?
Like I said, the mobile one line.
They're going to have to get all four hours today
until our good close friends at AT&T
can get their super vibes to another asshole straight enough
and get the number forwarded to the right number.
All the AT&T people that are calling,
I can't...no wonder I apologize profusely
for being such a moron, okay?
I can fix right now.
I'm a great A moron.
Right.
Because just by force of rabid,
I keep repeating that over and over again.
And they're going to get into Kudiling
and it's dialing up 9303,000,
which is disconnected.
And they're getting...
That is what they're getting.
I don't want to be pushing.
I realize it's just on the air, okay?
Which obviously, if you listen to the station last two weeks,
painfully obvious that the people upstairs
don't care about what's on here,
as long as the spots get on.
But that's nothing new.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
And even if you can't understand the spots,
they don't care about that.
Just get them on. Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, Neil.
When is Tardas?
I've got the ultimate porkers story for you.
I will happen to go to the key game last night.
Yes.
And it's on...
Nice Mercedes pulls up in this rear track
and pulls me out.
And she gives the pair of tickets to Miami Police Officer
and tells them if you could give it to a needy child.
So maybe they can go to the game free.
The cop says, okay, he keeps the tickets.
And about five minutes later,
he calls over one of those scalpers.
And he gives them the tickets and tells them
you better give me half.
All right.
Yeah, okay.
And then the cop is ready to come up with another good story.
Okay, we have another open line of date,
five, six, seven, eight, five, six, eight, six, eight.
I didn't realize there were so many Cuban
would-be authors and poets out there.
They just don't know it.
I mean, they got fiction.
They got science fiction.
They got all kinds of bubble mice.
Who's what they got?
Oh, Scott Neil.
Sometimes art imitates life.
But in the case of Eddie Murphy,
life imitates art.
Such as Beverly Hills, cop things, a feel.
Hey, cutie.
You might have picked my hand up here.
What the hell is that?
Or trading places.
Let's switch.
You sit on this and I'll...
48 hours.
How many hours of community service?
And the nutty professor.
I know it's time.
Not to have a stick.
But I prefer.
I thought that he was a cheat.
And we can't forget coming in America.
That is coming to America.
Sometimes life and art go hand in hand.
Just like Eddie Murphy and his prostitute.
131 at 550 WKM.
By the way, the guy that called about 20 minutes ago
and said that he was on too long for 30 seconds.
He was...
Absolutely correct.
He was right.
I mean, when you're right, you're right.
And when I'm wrong, it's pretty rare.
But anyway, he was right.
Gone should be good.
It's been destroyed.
Been butchered by the audience.
I did one dimension audience.
They killed Jack in a box.
What are some of the other ones they killed?
Just over and over.
A predator.
The bridge tender.
Of course, he's been dead for years.
Young Neil.
They killed that.
Rostad you.
They butchered that.
I mean, they just...
They both showed it.
And the same.
That was gone too.
It was good in the beginning, like once every couple of weeks.
And they just...
We want to hear the same.
If we're going to play a marriage a weenie song, play something short.
There you go.
Short and sweet.
Okay.
132-560 WQMC.
They wouldn't be playing the marijuana songs like in Amsterdam.
They wouldn't be listening to that music because they're like adults.
See, they're not like a lot of bunch of little children.
Like, oh gee, we just got away with that.
You know, it's like a little more like an adult, like a real human level.
As a poor thing, you snigger about...
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
Snicker about it.
Here's Voka.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hi, Don, Dale.
Great.
A little belated comments on the checkout lines at K-Mart.
Yes.
You're absolutely correct.
But the secret to K-Mart is, is use the checkout, a lane at the garden center at the back of the store.
Oh, yeah.
Nobody there.
Okay.
All right.
Okay, you first.
I won't be going back anytime soon.
I don't think.
We have an open line at Broward.
I'm going to go to the market five, six, seven, oh five.
Although I'll tell you what, I will admit this.
Okay.
I'm not too proud to admit this.
I bought myself a great, like, not a winner jacket, not that any, but like the next one between
the winner and the spring jacket for up north.
For my many, many trips were a little bit on the cold side at K-Mart.
I mean, a beauty.
And like, real cheap.
Not that I'm looking for price you understand.
And I wanted those cheap assets.
But it just happens to be like the guy said, really easy to get in and out of there.
Because there's nobody shopping there.
They're all across the street at Walmart, by the way.
And if you've got the patience to wait 20 minutes online, I know problem.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a shameless request.
My wife works for cosmetics company in callgables and she makes a lot of lotion.
Yeah.
Can you play lotion in the basket so she can hear it?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How's that?
Okay. We have an open line at Broward.
What?
Didn't I play it?
Yes.
So what's the problem I played?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And just to show you what a nice guy I am, I'll even play.
I'll even play the lotion in the basket.
And I'll even play.
What the f**k is that?
You're not the right.
But that's it.
Because then I want to ruin that body augmentation thing.
That's too good to ruin.
You know what?
Don't you think that's too good to ruin?
This is Debbie.
Hello, Debbie.
I'm interested in getting through operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Mm-hmm.
And I was wondering if you did some tummy talk.
And the lip augmentation, cosmetic compress surgery,
face lift, all of these things.
Mm-hmm.
And I was wondering.
What was I going to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants, though?
Uh, I can't be done.
The day I'm not there, it would be right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Mm-hmm.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced, too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying at mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first.
And then I'll be on looking actually we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me get a little information from you.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation for a life?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh, okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Are you going to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit and you're probably like, uh, uh.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It works the lotion in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to him in the time, okay?
It works the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
1-36.
You know, glad that I was able to play that for you.
Sir, make your wife very happy or whoever else it was for your girlfriend or both.
You know something?
Stupid, stupid, stupid idiot.
Yeah, because I played that.
So like all the calls I had in there, you notice like half of them dropped off because
they didn't want to wait to that again.
I don't want you to feel bad about that unless you want to.
Open line of day two and Broward, thanks to that last caller.
5-670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Stop saying that, you idiot.
Jesus Christ, I'm a moron.
Took me all these years till today to realize how God damn stupid I am.
Stop saying that.
Okay.
pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Got it?
Thank you.
Christ almighty, man.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Mr. Larger.
Yes sir.
I do it today.
Okay.
You know, I'm so glad I'm getting out of here.
And I remember why I left them first time.
Right.
Well, at least I'm going to go to Delaware with admit that they don't have a pulse.
Did I get...
Are you going to where?
Back to Delaware.
Delaware?
Yeah, where?
I'm going back down.
And at least admit that they don't have a pulse.
Hey, listen, what kind of gifts are in your CDs?
I only have like two of them.
That's like from 93 and 94.
Call center one.
I got them.
Center one.
5-630.
5-630.
3600.
Thank you very much Mr. Larger.
Thank you and have a great life.
Thank you.
See you at Brandy Wine.
Okay.
See at Brandy Wine.
Not they closed it down because they were in birth to be in Delaware.
Well, I've driven through Delaware once.
In fact, once upon a time years ago, I was on vacation.
I don't know.
I was in Philly or New York or somewhere in the Northeast.
And I was going to go to...
And much of them Philly because it's real close to Delaware, right?
Right across the bridge.
And I was going to go to the track at Brandy Wine, which at that time a harness track was still open.
And I drove across the bridge.
And I started driving through this neighborhood.
And I turned around and I said, I'm going back across the bridge to Jersey.
Well, wherever the hell I came from.
You know what I'm talking about?
Do you forget the...
It was just...
I mean, it was like twilight, but it was darker than you expected to be at twilight.
You follow what I'm saying.
It was like real finster.
I mean, real dark.
And I thought, oh boy, you know?
But it's like in Chicago when you go to like...
What are the...
What are the...
Washington Park used to be?
And now it's sportsman's parking to go to Cicero.
Remember that you weren't there with us on that trip when...
When Mitch Ween and the Cheryl, who were married at the time, which was really amusing,
and we drove to the track.
And we'd look on the map when we took a strawberry shortcut.
And unfortunately, there was all this construction going on.
They had you like all these detours through these very, very dark neighborhoods.
And I can remember Mitch Ween looking around and going...
Over and over again, Kipsand.
Really kind of coming to a staff sign.
Yeah.
Like when we ran into the polar at the Ritzkartland hotel, he went...
...which I guess is why they're not married anymore.
...or maybe she was doing that too much.
...or 21 till 2 at 5.60.
So anyway, what were you telling me before about Bob Green?
Nothing.
I was drunk out on drugs and a few down the road.
Because I was built with liquor and looms.
Oh, right.
We did welcome a man with a car to the sand.
And I'm a friend of Bill Doe.
He said, stand tallow and just get dirty and yell.
Your friends are underrated proof.
Your business are clear because you're sharing a fear with a woman who's got a few.
She was a bully.
Won't you give me 12 cents?
Give me 12 cents from to give me 13 maybe more.
Try to frustrate the knob for my shoulder.
Turned out it was a floor.
Won't you give me 12 cents?
Give me 12 cents from to give me 13 maybe more.
No.
I'm getting real tired of throwing my pages.
Then throw in 1.4.
Try to be a peacock.
Okay, 12, what is it?
12, 45 cents for all the people listening on the audio net?
We have two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Because the other one ain't working right now.
Or we must add a lot of suckers yet.
I mean, a lot of generous people yesterday,
because we had 8 million calls yesterday and 99% of them were mobile calls.
We had even people calling and complaining about the fact that most of our calls were mobile calls.
And since the AT&T thing was working, maybe I got everybody switched over to mobile one I only wish,
but I'm sure I don't have everybody yet.
Either that or the other people were paying for it.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
Like I said, they're trying to pay for it.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, I was, um, I just called and told you the pound 560 is working.
And you have AT&T?
Yes.
It is working.
I do have AT&T and it is working.
As of when?
In other words, it dialed you to this number?
Yes.
As of like a minute ago.
Like magic.
Alright.
Thank God bless you, sweetheart.
Oh, thank you.
Well, thank you.
No, thank you.
No, thank you.
Because they wouldn't tell us.
They wouldn't tell us.
She must work for AT&T, huh?
Do you believe that?
If you got an AT&T mobile, try it right now.
Okay, pound 560.
You don't have anything to say.
Let's just see if she's defeating this the right stuff.
Or if it's just AT&T propaganda.
I believe her, don't I?
No.
Come on.
Let's see.
Let's see a mobile on AT&T real quick.
Let's get them all lit up there.
Do you get one yet?
No.
No.
Here's a lady in a lot of day by the sea.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, man.
Hello.
What is that?
Mickey, Bruce.
Mickey, Bruce.
Uh-huh.
Isn't that beautiful?
Can you believe that?
Pathetic.
Open line that's powered to a date.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on some line.
On whichever line is working.
You know what they say about Mickey work, don't you?
He's an asshole.
Here's a mobile in Pemberk Pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
We got a nice little pig report for you.
Yeah.
Point.
Yeah, Eastbound.
It is Eastbound.
East has university drive right in front of DCC.
Big fat porkers.
Eastbound university drive.
Right.
East of university.
Eastbound finds all about it, excuse me.
Yeah.
I'm going to go to the next slide.
In front of DCC, the porkers out there in a little radar job.
Got it.
Thank you, sir.
By the way, I saw the plantation porkers with just one biker.
They're a pork by pork, uh, pork, uh, whatever he was.
This one?
On hiatus between sunrise and bowered again.
Shootin' it.
And by the way, guess what I started doing this morning,
which I've never done before.
And I apologize that I've never done it before.
It's easy to sit in the under receiving end of generosity
from other people flashing their headlights to warn me,
which is nice lady did this morning.
And then as I pass the porky there with a shoot,
there's radar up to three.
I thought, well, I'm going to do the same thing.
And all the way down to bowered boulevard this morning,
I flashed him to warn everybody that I was waiting in the woods.
Yes?
Three confirmations from AT&T working.
AT&T is working.
Oh, thank God.
Like I said, pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
How do you like that?
Somebody finally wised up and made the switch over there
and got it forward to the right number.
Hallelujah, baby.
I think I'm taking up religion now.
I'm putting on my purple robes and my purple shroud.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to compliment you on a long time list
or who's moved out of the area of the Boston.
Yes?
And through the Dr. Atkins diet of a lost 53 and a half pound.
Well, why do you want to compliment me?
I have a lost 50 pounds.
You're the cannot.
What is it?
The major difference in my life also turned me on the hockey.
Just was back in town.
I wanted to thank you for being such a positive influence.
Oh, God bless you.
That's the first.
Okay.
Keep it up.
Take care.
Thank you so much.
Well, I guess I won't see him at the Quincy market.
I'm because they got that good shout out.
But that's not on the Atkins.
Loaded with curbs.
Open line and Broward to indeed.
We already got the AT&T thing.
Okay, don't be calling no more to confirm.
We got 50,000 confirmations.
Okay, it's working.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That is exciting to say that again, huh?
No.
Well, at least it works.
