Better by the supply. Sometimes what I say.
We want to help Duff out. So I will help Neil out. So we're out of here a little bit early form.
Can I have sports time? Don't say we never gave you anything Neil. It's 9.59.
So guess what? I like Ryujio. We got to spot trashed out.
Nice throwing Neil.
Ow!
Sport ratio 560 WQ AM. My Emmy for Waterdale presents the Neil.
How about a guy that was a Joshry Stoke?
Neil called 560 560 toll free for David Growerd or Count 560.
What you got from the hero's eyes, okay?
He'll kill his guests. Callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQ AM.
Beasley read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QAM.
This mother f**king place is just a f**king joke.
There paint.
I don't think I like you anymore.
You used to watch me shave.
Now you do stare at the floor.
Don't there penis.
I don't like you anymore.
Yeah.
You used to be you and me a paper towel and a dirty magazine.
That's all we needed to get in my...
Now it seems things change that I think that you're the one who's laying there.
Paintings I don't like you anymore.
You know.
You're right.
I don't think I like you anymore.
When you get to drinking,
you put me places I've never been before.
Here, right now, I don't like you anymore.
Why can't we just get a grip on our man-to-hand relationship?
Time to turn, we're truly found in field.
If we put our heads together,
we'd just stay home forever and stay at peace.
I don't think I like you anymore after all.
Oh, and Rodney, while you're shaving the shave, my...
It's black.
All right, it's got a 1 to 560 WQIM.
This mother f**king place is just a f**king joke.
Amen.
See, I hate to break the news to Joe Rose, but Joe being the ex-jockey,
he portrays himself with this image like most ex-jokes,
is being Mr. Macho, Mr. Manley, etc.
But unlike Joe, number one, I didn't go screaming in the Ellenville guy
that basically got nothing to do with this.
I went to our program director, I said, get off your duff.
And so he got in touch with the water, not see who of course is our traffic lady,
and we got it straightened out without screaming, without yelling,
without getting suspended.
How do you like that?
Well, not even getting suspended, Joe.
We got those extra spots, Christophe, because we can't do like 11 minutes of spots
in a 15-minute period, or whatever they were trying to stick in there, you know.
Because that goes back to SCRUAN again, our sales manager, SCRUAN.
And what did I tell her that one day?
I said, if it was up to you, you'd run 50 minutes in an hour,
if I let you get away with it, and she said, uh-huh.
Sure they would, because you've got to understand no matter how...
See, this is just what I said when we were at IGD.
We could sell every minute of every day,
if we're going to get about any programming, which would sure cut down on salaries.
We could cut down, sell every minute of every day,
and we still would be losing money because we got to pay those $7 million a year
for the broadcast, right?
Because Greg's got a hobby.
It's like paying for somebody who's got a drug habit,
a booze habit, a drug habit, he's got a sports habit.
Like some nuns have a habit.
We work for a guy, he's got a habit, who's got an nasty habit.
And that's sports nerds, ball games, the Marlins.
Which we got a Marlins game today.
How do you like that?
You like it?
No.
Some of you probably do.
Exposing a Marlins, there you go, another biggie they said 9,000 some yesterday.
If there's anybody who was at the game yesterday, can we get a real count on how many people were actually there?
Because if my memory serves correctly, we actually had a pretty nice day yesterday.
Didn't rain, anyway, did it?
No.
It was actually a pretty decent day yesterday.
Marlins lost 5, 3 last night.
And 12, 30, we got the pre-game, 1 o'clock.
The expos and the Marlins are closed out there, series, the toilet bowl.
Anybody in this audience with their yesterday call us immediately if not soon
or let us know how many people were really worth the ball game last night.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So Hank will be on after the game at about 4, 15 that says here.
And then 5 to 6, we got the Bino Cook with Hank.
Why do we have that?
Huh?
Why does he do that?
Is there any special reason why we do that?
That we have Bino.
Hurricane Hotline at 6, oh no.
You know who we have at 8 o'clock tonight?
Have you taken a look at the schedule?
Characet Gaki.
Oh my god.
8 to 10 o'clock tonight.
Ed Kaplan's got to follow Characet Gaki tonight.
And I bet she's not going to be too happy about that.
He probably rather followed on Marlin game.
Look at this, we don't have one person in this audience that was into Marlin game last night.
Not one to give us a respire report because there was probably nobody there.
Maybe we can have John.
You know, I would swear last weekend I saw John Henry on Young Street in downtown Toronto with a tin cup.
Spiritson change, mister.
I swear that was him.
Real frumpy looking guy.
Real.
Yeah, that was probably one of them.
WQA and Marlin line.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, it's only figured out what your problem was.
Okay, good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18t world of slides.
What?
You know who that was, mate.
I know who it was.
So, was that the school you, Neil guy?
No, that was Andy.
No, it wasn't.
It wasn't?
No, it was not.
You're getting a tone deaf now.
What?
WQA and?
Yeah, Neil.
Let him go.
Yes, sir.
I want to assist me street law.
I was not.
I guarantee you there was 50 times more people there.
Yeah, I was at the Marlin game.
Uh-huh.
And it was probably more entertaining.
We can't find one person who was at the Marlin game last night to give us a spy report.
Thank God.
Okay.
Bye.
Why do I should have asked him if he was psyched for that game coming up this afternoon?
By the way, I heard, why are you answering those?
Don't do that.
I heard the spy report was listening to Hank yesterday and he said that it was, I was going to the track last night.
And he said we had a call from John Henry earlier.
And he said, you know, John Henry's problem is he's too nice of a guy.
And the way, and I didn't hear the interview or the phone call or whatever went down here on this station yesterday.
But I got to the distinct feeling that there was a little bit of a suck up job that went on there.
I hope I'm wrong because I know Hank's been ripping them and it's just like I've been all the time.
And I certainly hope that when John Henry called in on the Iran Hank show that Hank didn't, you know, do a Larry King on him.
Suck around too much.
Here's a mobile in sunrise.
Hello.
There's no fact in the church.
See, you put that one on hold and he still had no material.
This is amazing.
This is astonishing.
Not one person in this audience was at the Marlon King and he were preempting.
Primetime, middle of the day, we got a scratch out of spots.
See, we're not only losing money on the broadcast fees, but also on the chunk of the daytime that these games are taking out like two days ago, like Tuesday.
When we had the big double header, you know, the day that we're 91 people were there by actual cop by the owner of the team and eight of them were professional scouts.
WQAM.
WQAM, Marlon Hotline.
Yeah, I was at the game.
You were at the game?
Yep.
And I was working.
I can't type, but there's maybe 1200 maybe.
Maybe?
Yeah.
Counting all you concession people.
I wasn't concession, but TV type.
Oh, OK.
Yeah, maybe at the beginning of the game, maybe 800 by the middle of the game, maybe 12, 13.
They came streaming in like two at a time.
Oh, yeah.
OK, thanks.
OK, there you go. Finally, it was one of the TV crew people.
He probably won't be working here much longer if they recognize the voice.
Oh my god, and this man wants money for a stadium.
I also want some spy reports on if anybody heard John Henry calling on Hank show yesterday.
And, Primetime, I don't want you to make up stories, OK?
Because I know we got a lot of people that want to take a gratuitly shot at Hank, you know.
And say, oh, yeah, he really sucked up to John.
I don't know, but it just had in listening to what he said and going on about he's too nice of a guy.
And he doesn't have the connections that Wayne had and he just, you know, not cut out for this.
What happened?
I was certainly agree with that.
He ain't cut out for it.
He's a nerd.
But that would be very interesting, I would think.
Eight minutes after 10, we got a lot of spots today.
We got to get them all in here by 1230 because we got to get out of here.
And all we care about is the spots.
Just keep in mind, I'm the one that told you that we got to get into God damn spots because that's what's important is spots revenue revenue.
And by the way, don't tell anybody about the fact some people still didn't get their bonuses.
George got his bonus.
Anybody else get theirs from the spring book?
Did anybody else get theirs?
No.
And as Hank told you yesterday,
what he was going on about this mother fucking place is just a fucking joke.
He had to was then blocked to the bank to a deposit his stub or whatever the hell they do it.
Because his direct deposit, which was supposed to be on Monday, well, I guess maybe the beeswax became Jewish on Monday was young Kipper, you know.
Of course, I don't know what excuse that makes for Tuesday.
But nevertheless yesterday was Wednesday last time I checked and people that were supposed to get their direct deposit on Monday.
Some of them a whole bunch of them didn't get in until yesterday.
You don't think that's because we couldn't cover those text to you.
You don't think that's because we're poor mouth.
Even with all these millions and millions that are pouring through this place and all the spots we keep bombarding you with.
You think that might be it because all that money's going to wane and John Henry.
Oh, oh, like I always tell you.
This is, you know what's like?
It's like a man putting a new surround his neck.
It's like if you gave somebody a brand new Lamborghini and a million dollars in cash and instead of like having a good time,
he just put a new surround his neck.
That's what this man has done here.
You know Greg, we the guy that Joe Rose was sucking up to this morning.
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQM.
Did Rose's support even love Neil Rogers?
What's your my little friend?
Will never cease like one is the time.
A lot to feel your warm inside.
Your clean and slimy and I love you so.
Like sparkles lovers, we pulled the covers when I shot the light.
You're the closest thing to church at that I know.
Ah, avocado.
You understand my problems.
You don't make me the way most of the vegetables would.
And it's my one effect.
Oh, dear Lord, no, say a daughter.
Don't get me disorder.
Get that disorder to us just by see our face cover.
And I love you.
I love you, I'm a god.
And don't come up with those corny or lines about like what do you get when you cross a vegetable with the fruit and like you know,
Truman Capote?
10, 15 to 560 WQM Georgia tells me that the color online one is probably that asshole Andy from Hollywood,
so if you hear like we've got the dumb button in here and you don't hear a voice it will probably be
because it's Andy and Hollywood.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hi Neil, over at the stadium there.
Do they have speets over it?
Yes, yes, yes, it's disappointing.
Hello. Let me say it again. Hello. Neil. Yes. Yeah, I'm over at the stadium now. Yeah. And I'm wondering where the what are you doing over at the stadium at 10 o'clock in the morning?
I'm getting tickets tickets for what? Dolphin. Oh Dolphin. I thought you were going to a Marlon game. You scared to hell out of me.
No, I'm wondering where the Steve pizza concession is in there. What Steve's pizza? In the orange bull. Who said who said in the orange bull?
I'm sorry. They're arriving stadium. Where's the Steve's pizza concession? Who said there was one? Well, this must be the guy to call with a complaint about Steve's pizza that day.
Is that who this is? No. Oh, okay. What makes you think there's a Steve's pizza in there? I'm the guy at the college a couple of days ago. Yeah, about wondering when the hurricane of four casters are going to be up there with their army ass.
They're pencils. Yeah. Trying to get that hurricane out of here. Yeah. And I know you still haven't taken the curie. You're still acting like an asshole. Is that it?
I'm not asking. What are you talking about? What words are coming out of your post? We only we know something. I hate to say this, but I wish you would have been Andy from Hollywood because then I could have just dumped it.
I mean, did that guy have anything coherent to say? No, of course he's over at the ballpark buying tickets for some ball game. No spy reports on the Humper yesterday while I told you there's no crossover in this radio station, really the sports shows, which I'm beginning to believe is 100% accurate.
No crossover none because I would feel really I'm sure that Hank didn't kiss his. That would be bad to find that out.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. No, yes, sir. Another good reason to donate to 17 hundred of the fame at 1230. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How do you call? Okay. Thank you. Yeah. There you go. That must have been was that more land?
Those are more test pieces that who that was. I think so. And by the way, I did tune into 1700 Waffen was yesterday during a one of Hank's 10 minute commercial breaks and bad or bad would be a compliment for them. They're an embarrassment.
You talk about a sports bar with a microphone. A bunch of it. It's not like a guy dim one of those fraternities we were talking about with the microphone. Some like to play a little grab ass. I think Jim Berry was the pivot man.
I mean, just a lot of income here in crap. Oh, how about those Haitians, by the way? On really ending at lock heart. See this goes with the territory. If there's a soccer game, there's got to be some kind of a brawl or at least the some kind of an average behavior because the game itself as we all know is so God damn boring. Nobody with a brain would go pay to go see a soccer game.
It was supposed to be a friendly and what is there any other sport in the world where they call a game a match or competition of friendly. No, but this was a friendly between the fusion and the Haitian national team went to the night lock heart stadium with 30 minutes and 25 seconds left in the match and the fusion leading one nothing. It was anything but friendly referee Greg Watson anger the crowd of 12,400 partisan Haitian fans by waving off an a perot Haitian gold by Eddie Caesar.
The end is brother Julius the reaction that ensued turned into friends he is fan. I wonder if he's related to what's his name. Flavio. The reaction that ensued turn into friends he is fans began throwing plastic water bottles and garbage cans onto the field. The referees quickly exit the field as the players. They got down a lot of there and then of course the referee being very dumb got on the bus and apologized.
There was only one arrest for disorderly conduct and no injuries. Then it's no fun. If you're going to have a soccer brawl you got to have at least 20 or 30 arrests minimum and a couple of people get killed anyway.
Right. But of course you know those Haitians.
Yeah, let's talk about the Haitians today for a couple hours. That sounds like a real good idea to me. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. Let's talk about these amazing things. Number one call like garbage cans. Number two called soap. All these tremendous things that would be fantastic to introduce like a little Haiti. God might make us all get along hell of a lot better.
Here's a pop it all. Hello. Hey, good morning. I'm glad you're great. Real quick. I don't want to get anybody in trouble. But the Humper let's just put it this way.
It was about the same interview as the bloodstealer interview. When he went pay listen. I'm going to slam him and nothing happens. And he sucked up. It was a Hoover. Oh no. It was a Hoover. So so to the point that John ended it says let's have dinner or something like that.
Oh no. Another suck up job. Have a good day. But oh my god. I'm so glad to in the press that I could blow my brain down. Another one of these.
It's a clearly suck up job. So what a nice guy here. I don't understand that. Why don't want to so much of that go on in this radio station.
It's easy to rip somebody behind her back. But like you know, to their face when you got them right there in front of you.
Like I like the day that what Mark Benson called it on the show and I ripped him and asked remember he's tried to suck up for the old Henry Barrow show. How's Henry doing by that?
Oh, still working at wine. I guess. I mean, I just don't understand that anybody can do that. Why not just say you know John Henry, you're an asshole and we are resent the fact that you're taking up all of our broadcast date time here. I mean, not only is he taking up a lot of this prime time with his awful daytime games, which nobody is going to.
But he so that compounds the problem. He's also chewing out big chunks of air time. So we're losing all the revenue in there and having to move around the spots and take out the spots and got on.
It knows what do what with the spots. So we're losing that money plus all the money that we have to pay him for the guy that broadcast right plus that lawsuit that's going on in court back and forth and forth and back. And who knows what's going to happen with that?
Because they put a minor league team on the field last year and expected this radio station to pay like major league broadcast rights for minor league ball club that lost 104 games, 108 games. I'm sorry.
Wow. Terrifying to think I don't believe it. Do you believe that Hank would suck up to John Henry? No, you don't. Here is Davey. Hello.
Hey, go on vacation. We want George back. Okay. Thanks. Hey, go on vacation. We want George back. Okay. Thanks.
Hey, how do I get the clothespin and stick it in your back? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I caught the beginning of the Hank conversation that he had with with John Henry. Yeah, he started off pretty strong. The John Henry asked him, when are we going to have dinner?
And Hank said, no, I'm really too busy with football right now to be dealing with that. And then he asked John said that he wanted to start the conversation by getting some support for a new stadium and Hank answered, well, you're not going to get it here. Really? Yeah, I was like, you know, I know there you go. That sounds a lot stronger to me.
Then he started getting a little wishy watching. Well, why don't you do what they did in San Francisco and John started with a whole song and a dance and then it went downhill from there?
So in other words, you caved in is that we don't want to put words in your mouth, but it sounds to me like maybe he caved in a little bit. A little bit. Yeah, he started. He started off strong, but got a little with you there at the end. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. Sorry. So what are they going to dinner? Yeah, I don't know. I'd like to know. Okay. Thanks. Okay. There's another version of the same story. So let's see. So far we've discovered they want George back and for me to go on vacation, which sounds very good. I'm going to start. I'm going to practice on vacation to 12 30 this afternoon, by the way.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And by the way, speaking of the wireless line in a mobile callers. This is another part of the situation here at Q I am and we discovered that like I talked about yesterday, a lot of the mobile one people have vanished because they can't call us toll free anymore. And certainly nobody in their right mind is going to call us and pay for it on their own time on a mobile, which I understand.
So if I am if you're one of those people that had mobile one through Bell South, which those people have all had their service chopped off. I call up mobile one and say, Hey, just switch me over to AT&T. Then you'll be able to use our AT&T lines and call us whenever you want.
And that's about I think as far as I know, that's about the only way you're going to get back into that deal for the moment.
Because as you know, Bell South hates me like poison and even pulled our toll free line over at IOD because their agency people are whoever was somewhere in their organization. They allow their personal feelings to get in the way of doing business.
Which is very bad business and very stupid, but that obviously the reason that we're not too crazy about the people that Bell South unless, of course, maybe we got some new people. You think so?
No, some new, more broader minded.
Oh, no. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello.
And you know, how's it going? Pretty good, sir. Last call it was right. I would say that he wasn't adversarial. That's for sure.
Right. But I wouldn't say sucked up either. I mean, he told Henry, he told John Henry that he wasn't he wasn't going to get support on this show.
Good. And then he started giving him, I guess, examples of how they're doing it out in San Francisco and whatnot.
Yeah, San Diego, I guess it's San Diego.
Yeah. And you know, Henry, you know, Henry started with the battle and, you know, I mean, it was it was pure crap, I guess.
I mean, what could what could the Humper say? In other words, he's not going to really crash John Henry on the show. I wouldn't think he would do that.
I mean, I think you did an okay job. Okay. I feel much better now. Yeah. You know, he's still, you know, he's still okay.
He's still got at least one one decent attestical in. Absolutely. Okay. Thanks. Okay. There's the good news. Okay. That's good. I feel better because the way I heard the Hank talk and they're like, oh, yeah, it's just too nice of a guy. I don't think he's a nice guy.
Oh, I think he's just a wolf and sheep's clothing is what I think he is. I think he's a putz having seen his performance on television, having seen him on the front page of both major newspapers yesterday.
They stand there like some kind of a goofball. I mean, a putz, I think is exactly the word to describe what I think a John Henry in addition to which I don't understand this business of owners calling this radio station. This is like a disease. Remember the days when Wayne, when we were at IOD and Wayne was calling this place and giving them instructions and the day that had to come on a year and take over for a few minutes because Hank was on the phone with Wayne was calling from the plane. The Wayne into plane giving Hank instructions about don't say this and don't do that.
That was also right around the same time when Wayne ran into broadcast booth the first game after we bought the team and told man, did you better get your effort and the facts right and pop out, you know, and went on that tirade.
And then it said, yeah, 26 after 10 at 560 WQ I am. It must be crazy. I must be nuts.
And the fall with the quiet fall with the wild sweet tonight. All right. I sneak wide off. I get him tied up beneath the pale moon. Why?
My gun is wetty. My hand is steady. I've got him in my sight. Don't want to kill him. Just want to dwell him. I hope he's nice and tight. I'm sorry. We're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we're
We're away. I we're away. I we're away. I we were away. I we moved my hips thick but fun is lipstick and thank
him for the dance. He's no lady. He's wasn't baby in the way. He's no lady. He's our friend. As I we moved, I wasn't
I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move
from 001. yearsつ︎gooble한� When you were a nervouser. You're a good friend from Moundo-é уже sera. You're a good friend from Mobile One. not mine because I don't see I don't get to speak to anybody nobody sends me a letter Nobody 메애xnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnasnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxnaxna
He said, do we believe what he said?
Of course, good guy.
Bible verse shows that God can hate people.
Here's one of the classic letters to the editor ever written
in this morning's Sun Sentinel.
And it comes from Margie J. Phelps in Topeka, Kansas.
Now you know who that is?
You know Fred Phelps in Topeka, Kansas,
the one that shows up at the Ephenemals of everybody
who dies from AIDS or Matthew,
Shepard, and anybody else who might have been a Fag.
Margie Phelps sounds very familiar from Topeka, Kansas.
writes this really, really unbelievably sick letter.
And of course, they don't bother identifying her in the Sun.
You know, like usually when somebody writes a letter
to an editor who's a well-known person to any newspaper,
at the after they sign their name,
the paper we'll put in parentheses,
so and so is some asshole who whoever they are, you know.
Not identified.
And just, and when you listen to this, it's just,
it's amazing.
It'll show you how twisted and sick these people are.
On September 30th, young man's letter,
God doesn't hate, claimed God does not hate homosexuals.
What a shock that the Phelps will be writing about
something like that.
He says, God hates the sin, not the sinner.
He also says before writing a letter,
make sure you have your facts straight,
good advice which he failed to follow.
The fact is that God hates people, not disembodied sins.
And the fact is that this is the person,
not disembodied sins, who burns in hell for eternity.
It'd be the person.
Do you suppose the millions who died in the flood
believe that God loved them,
but hated their sins as they drew their last-gastling breaths?
Since the last spoke of God,
we can assume he believes in God,
heaven, hell, and eternity,
and uses the Bible as his source text.
The fact is that these words are found in the Bible.
When Rebecca also had conceived for the children,
being not yet born,
neither having done any good or evil,
that the purpose of God, according to election white,
stand not of works, but of him that calleth,
it was said under her,
Jacob, have I loved, but Esau have I hated.
Romans 9, 10 through 13.
These words are plain.
God hated Esau, the person before Esau had been born
to have done any sin.
He wasn't even born yet, and God hated him already.
There are not enough words by him,
is God had children or the false prophets
who lied to them to wash away that simple message.
If a person dies in an unrepented state,
as a practicing homosexual,
that person will awake in hell.
That's the facts, man, nothing but the facts.
There is a beautiful, a lovely letter to the editor
in a sunset and aless morning from Margie J. Phelps
into Pigeon, Kansas.
And there is that loving God, who hates people.
And you know something, she does make sense,
because if that God did exist,
if all these bubble mice, these were true,
then that would explain why God sent the locust
and the flood and does all of these horrible things
and doesn't intervene on innocent kids
and people are getting shot,
because he hates people.
Maybe he hates all these kids that are getting shot
in school and church and wherever else.
If there's anybody beside the corpses out in Kansas,
it's sick enough to believe that that's the kind of God
that's up there who hates people,
even before they're born.
I love it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
You know, this is just a department thing.
I thought that we already got done
to the tobacco companies and that the states were working it out
and that the federal government took their cuts.
You're forgetting that carpenters saw, man.
We've only just begun.
You know what?
These people, I think they can't.
They file a sweeping, a sweeping civil lawsuit
against the nation's largest tobacco companies yesterday,
seeking to recover much of the $20 billion
the federal government says it's been each year
to treat smoking related illnesses
and they also want the cigarette makers to give up profits
that were ill gotten to what it says
were efforts to conceal the dangers of smoking
that go back to the 50s as if we haven't had.
How many years have we had that warning
on the Surgeon General thing?
Yeah, you know what?
Since before, Yusky was a baby, I think.
And you know what?
Actually they've proven.
And when the Florida lawsuit went down,
they proved that if you die from cigarette related illness,
you actually saved the government money
because you don't call it your social security.
There you go.
And actually smokers actually say
it is a matter of fact instead of not giving us the tax cuts
that they want to save social security
instead of taking the budgets or plus and stick it in there,
why don't they just encourage people to smoke a lot more
and then there'll be a lot of money
for all the rights to visit social security
who don't smoke those faggots.
Well, because the lawyer, the pilot chip of lawyers
that the chief of Buccaneer is running our country now,
they can't make any money on that deal
if we did it like that.
I mean they can also just raise taxes.
Or you know, some of these big,
that butch Democrat governors in some of these states
can make tobacco illegal.
Let's see what happens.
Oh yeah, let's get back to that.
That would be good.
Well, let's see if the Democrats make it illegal.
You know, these are the same people
you want to entrust in taking away not guns.
Okay, what's that thing about?
No, we're back to which are we public it against
Democratic thing again, is that it?
No, it's not.
It's from a public of something.
For like a team, it's useful of which it's in room
for many more because it can't get out of it on the way.
But the Democrats don't let either evil.
Okay, they're evil.
Yeah, they're evil.
Okay, so that's what I'm going to say.
Just remember you heard that here first, okay?
The Democrats are evil
because they want to take away his guns.
I think he's got an excellent point there.
Okay, we got one call on the board.
We got less than two hours to kill here.
He'll 1230, which I thought would be a piece of cake today,
but obviously not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line 22 to 11.
And QAM, those evil Democrats, that's what it is.
See, the Republican stuff,
but it's the Democrats who are evil
and don't ever forget that.
Because we want to take away his peace.
The fascism.
What a joke.
Hopping down the bullets to a hot 44.
That's my brother dropped back.
Problems, he had nine more.
The last thing that it took,
he was a better sheet of straight gun.
Say it's America's great.
I'm saying my automatic was an infrared scope.
Can come in mighty handy when it's getting hard to cope.
When the neighbors start complaining
and the hours get late.
Tell them guns made America great.
Guns made America be a strong.
No one's left to save us.
John Wayne's down.
They're the finest picking only in R.A.
Well, I'm gunned play America great.
Oh, right.
If everyone more pistols, the rate of crime would drop.
Anything else we'd be easier.
No need for other cops.
So let's get armed and dangerous before it's too late.
Guns made America great.
Guns made America big and strong.
No one's left to save us.
John Wayne's down.
They're the finest picking only in R.A.
Tell them guns made America great.
Guns made America great.
10.445.65.
We're on our way to the Marlon Free Game in Trump 30 today.
And obviously having a tremendous impact on us here.
5.6705.60.
Palm 5.60.
We don't have a single call in the board here this morning.
Very depressing.
Are we on the air, by the way?
No.
We just conserving any electricity.
Yeah, this guy really sends me.
The same simplistic mentality.
Oh, the Republican so far.
Your Democrats want to take away my gun.
So in other words, basically, I guess we
have no Republicans in favor of gun control.
This is what this guy is saying.
It's another Democrats are coming,
liberal, pink, old plot to take away his guns.
Man, you're pathetic.
You're tragic.
You're so sad.
Don't you understand?
They're all basically the same.
They're all grave robbers.
They're all taking our money and just
flushing it down the turlant.
5.6705.60.
Palm 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's replace them a last night's Marlon Game.
Come on.
Let's take a pool.
How many people would like to replace some of the highlights
from last night's game?
I think that Joe and Dave may have actually
spoken to each other once during the game, although I doubt it.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Good morning.
OK, sir.
I just wanted to.
I had a phone call this morning that I made
just to the local government here in Miami.
I know you've been talking about the sports stuff.
My daughter, Icegate, and I called up a local skating
rink here run by the city of Miami Beach this morning.
And they said they have open skating,
but only for children because adults are dangerous
to come into the building.
Yeah, I just, yeah, I just the local government,
the way they, if they look at things,
children, you know, we were talking about the schools
and this and that.
So protection.
But when it comes to schools and this, they, you know,
they don't know where they're coming.
You know, we're all dangerous and we're all terrible.
And based on this call, I would tend to agree.
I think she had a good point.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
All right, Neil, I was at the game last night.
And there were no highlights.
First of all, my first Marling game.
Well, I got news for I'm going to have,
we're going to get to tape on.
We're going to replay.
We're going to have another double header today
in just a minute here because there's no response.
Audience is dead as a door nail here today.
But there definitely were more than 1200 people.
There's at least 5,000 people there.
The parking lot was packed.
Yeah.
And people were leaving at the top of the 8th.
And all the actual was in the bottom of the 8th.
They fit everything.
All those people are left.
OK, glad you had a good time.
Thank a lot.
Glad that you were imagination.
Those mushrooms were good to you every time.
We started out with about 900 people
and it got to be 1200.
Now it's up to 5,000.
I bet you they had like 70,000 people there last night.
They just kind of showed up late.
Maybe a lot of them left early.
And so you didn't see, you know, they were all there
at the same time.
I bet there was 150,000 people in it.
Goddamn, PP Park last night for that ballgame.
Montreal and the Marlins.
5,6705,680,560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Nail.
Yes, sir.
The NFL ticket that's on the satellite.
Is that only on direct TV?
What do you mean by that?
Is that the only place you can get the NFL ticket
as direct TV?
I haven't got any idea because that's where you said you had it.
You can get it on the big dish.
Oh, you can.
Yes.
Oh, OK.
I thought I heard you made a comment the other day
that, you know, I got direct.
I think you can still get it on the big dish.
I don't know because I have it on direct TV.
So watch your act.
Right.
You have it on a little dish.
Right.
Right.
Because I know I heard you've come and did.
I was curious just to what you get it on any other provider.
What do you have a big dish?
No, I don't.
I don't have anything.
So then what difference does it make?
Well, I always think.
Well, I always do.
You don't want a big dish here that becoming obsolete
by the second.
Believe me, you don't want a big dish.
Get you the direct TV.
Trust me.
Direct TV.
Yeah.
All right.
Not me.
OK.
I'm telling you.
I mean, you're asking.
I'm telling you that you're getting everything you want.
OK.
And I assume you could provide them with an address other than the one
where the dish is physically located.
No.
You cannot.
No.
Can you tell them that it's on a travel mobile type
recreational vehicle?
In other words, you're trying to scam so you can get
to dolphin games that are blacked out?
Well, anything, everything.
Everything that you can't get if you're in an area where they say
you're not supposed to get things like the networks and everything.
Yeah.
You can try that.
But they've caught out a lot of people and blacked them out.
You can try it.
All right, Neil.
Why aren't you just satisfied with getting
the 85 million channels that are on there right now?
You get every guy to him, a hockey game, every football game,
except if the dolphins are blacked out, which really happened.
I mean, I don't understand.
Why is it that everybody's got piracy in your hearts?
And I just don't understand that.
It's like back when I had my first satellite dish.
Did I have an illegal chip?
Well, OK.
And when I first got the smallest, did we
try that illegal car?
I know.
I didn't.
You know, but why is it that everybody
wants to get something for nothing?
What's wrong with all this great programming
that got on there?
We got one right here now.
Thank God.
There only contact with a real world is direct TV.
See, there you go.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
I don't believe we're on here.
I really know.
I think that this is just a spillover from yesterday.
We can't just sign up the camp
possibly beyond here this morning.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I just was wondering if you saw the sun
sentinel today, the ingenious commentary by King'sly Guy
about how we need to emulate Miami Bay County more in hurricane
disaster preparation.
Oh, yeah.
And we need merpiness.
You need to be.
You have to be kidding me.
You have to be.
Neil, if I were to see that, I would have called in a second.
Do you have the sun sentinel there?
Yeah.
I don't believe it.
We're supposed to emulate.
We're supposed to appreciate merpiness
is great.
Hurricane preparation speeches and all that both craft.
This is on the editorial page.
King'sly Guy.
Where the hell is this?
Oh, here, King'sly Guy.
Where's the take charge leader the county needs?
Mayor Penga came across as a take charge guy,
tirelessly looking out for the people of a county
that earlier in the decade suffered
on parallel devastation from Hurricane Andrew.
A well-trained public speaker, his parents
was a little doubt about why he's chief executive.
Oh, what a bunch of what a suck up job.
This is your right.
Now I do want to throw up.
It's the worst guy.
I mean, here's a guy who came on your first of all
as Hank pointed out a few days ago that this guy,
the people inside downtown, this guy got the information
that from the hurricane center don't pull out all the stops
on the evacuation because we're not
going to take a direct hit.
It's not going to do a number on the county.
And he still went ahead and spent all of that money wasted
millions of dollars of taxpayer money.
And then on that Tuesday, a week ago,
Tuesday gets on the year 1030 in the morning,
expressing his dismay and disappointment
that people are taking it as seriously.
And they're still evacuating people.
While the guy that I'm son is shining
and the guy that I am the storm
was parallel with Lake Okeechobee in his guys
on the year, even trying to play the hero
and Kingsley guy gets sucked into it.
What a jackass.
Well, you're the classic example
of what kind of horse-craft newspapers
we got in this town.
Yeah, but I lean Lieberman wasn't hysterical
enough for Kingsley guy.
Yeah, thank God.
The other thing.
Thank God we live in Broward, baby.
Everybody who lives in Broward, let's hear it.
Thank God we live in Broward.
Thank God we're a country boy.
Oh, and the other thing is.
Oh, my God.
I want to vomit.
I want to get a whole new thing.
I have to hold my hat off.
I want to take my hat off to Howard Finklstein
for challenging Kings.
Yeah, Kingsley.
I saw that.
I was beautiful.
Yeah, Buddy Nevin's probably went too happy about it,
but you know, anyway.
Please.
Okay, thank you.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
There you go.
Thank God for him because I usually wouldn't read
King Kingsley guy.
How's it going guy?
Ooh, man.
Just the first three or four paragraphs
that are enough to make you vomit for weeks.
Do a Karen Carpenter routine.
Just puke every minute you've ever had in your life
and start all over again.
He's a take charge guy and everybody knows you.
Everybody's laughing.
A rascal of it, M. Okay?
Everybody knows that he's an asshole.
Even a guy named Cubans that he's pandering
to that he thinks he can stake his political future on
because he's got a numbers game going for them
in Dave County.
They hate him like poison.
They know what a phony little matacone he is.
Okay?
He's not fooling anybody.
We'll get on.
Man.
What a stupid little paredito.
He is getting up there on a guy named TV.
Oh, listen, we're very distressed.
You're not taking us seriously.
You're not paying attention to me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
With God damn mirror, it's theer,
huh?
And Juan Medietta standing there behind him,
doing the Macarena.
What a fricking joke.
Yeah, that's just what we need in Broward.
Not is an asshole like him.
What we need in date and Broward is a real newspaper
in each county, which we have neither one, by the way.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in West Palm.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Deal.
Yes, I am.
Yeah, I spoke with you a few years ago when you've,
the first day you were on over in St. Petersburg.
I called from Okitobi.
Yes, sir.
And I was listening to your show.
I'm in West Palm Beach area right now.
And you were talking about the cigarette issue.
I'd like to know why the government soon
needs a backhoe company when the government makes more money
off of cigarettes than the backhoe company does
with their taxes.
Exactly.
How come the government's got the, all of a sudden,
their conscience goes right out the window
when it comes to accepting that tax money?
That's exactly right.
And the next person who's sued that the backhoe company
is an individual ought to sue the government too,
because they actually do make more money for a pack of cigarettes.
And let me say it again.
The tobacco companies have been subsidized.
The tobacco growers have been subsidized by the government
since Jesus was a baby.
And then they got the nerve to talk around and say,
oh, you're using deceptive practices
to con people in a hookam on the head.
How about, let me say it again,
how about far more millions of people
who are dying from heart disease and diabetes
and all the other illnesses from all the sugar
and the food products on the market out there?
I don't see the government doing anything
about them or taking it into court.
Well, that's next probably.
I hope not, but that probably is.
Anyway, whatever happened to freedom of choice, by the way,
whatever happened to the inocene,
they can pick your own poison.
Give people the information
and let them pick their own goddamn poison
if they want to smoke and get lung cancer.
That's up to them.
Yeah, I have a friend that he says the one he dies,
he wants to make sure he dies unhealthy
because he wants to make sure he had a good time in life.
Here you go, amen.
Okay, thanks.
All right, bye.
Oh, that's syphilis, man.
Not good.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, that's what they tell me
around here and pound five, six,
the on the AT&T wireless line.
Stop with a goddamn Nazis in this country.
We got the tobacco police.
We got the cross the street police.
We got the swinger police.
We got the every kind of police
because it's a police state like I've told you.
And certainly the goddamn wicked weed police.
Yeah, man.
Oh, man.
The wicked weed police.
And they get on there again with the, you know,
the stern looks under face all these hypocritical assholes
which that's the best thing that ever came out of the goddamn it
that we had to go through 18 months of that penis gate
that Monica gate was you saw what about your hypocrites
we got up there, whether it's Dan Burton,
whether it's that goddamn Livingston from Mrs. Cippy Road
that redneck Yahoo to Land Rover.
They're all a bunch of hypocrites.
Anybody remember Larry Smith, by the way?
There's another one.
Don't do this. Don't do that.
But guns, that's good.
They'll see that that first guy they call what he worried about.
Everybody in America loves guns.
That's the American F and Wayman.
I'm not gonna get you.
I'm not gonna get you.
I'm not gonna get you.
I'm not gonna get you.
I'm not gonna get you.
Nothing's ever old, my dog.
Hang in Johnny fishing rod, tally waxed a pocket rocket.
One, I trouser trout.
Oh, right.
Ping dong, ankles, tanker, pork, sword, engine tanker,
hairy hunt, tall baby, pocket, let them all hang out.
That makes your time to tell you.
You don't look at us, think of us.
You got a love hunt, bad thing to tell you.
You know it's not a big city, a bad little valley.
Wang Wazooine, Wacker Pecker, PB Kidney Packer Heat.
Seeking moisture, missile giggles, dig, love, whistle, tube, steak.
Uncle Dick, this is getting really sick.
I'm not proved there's one more purple helmet warrior.
But tell you, just don't do that.
You got a love hunt, bad thing to tell you.
There's no way sounds like a city about men and women.
That's the portata, tell you.
You know the girls, these guys, they got a love hunt.
It's a lot of those two at 5'60s, that are the two in Boat.
I tell you, an hour and 28 minutes to go, you can feel it.
You can cut it with a butter knife.
It could cut it with your little toe.
The tension that's building for that pregame show.
That, of course, is the tension between Joe Angel and Dave O'Brien.
We're talking about, not because of the game.
Pregame at 12'30 with a booster.
We got the ballgame at 1 o'clock this afternoon.
I guess they probably got the boosters sitting in between the two of them now.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Keeps them very far apart.
No, the guy that called her a while ago saying that there were 5'000 people at the game.
Yeah.
I was there yesterday, and the reason I went was because they gave me the tickets to my son.
And with a parking pass, I got there at the second inning.
And they weren't even charging in parts.
They come in the park wherever I wanted to.
Yeah.
And when in there, there must have been at most 500, no 5'000.
I mean, that guy's full of shots.
Uh-huh.
So that's all I wanted to say.
Keep up to go work.
Okay, thanks.
What you could tell when that was a shield.
You know, he's probably on a payroll or something.
Oh, yeah.
The parking lot was jammed.
There were at least 5'000 people there.
First of all, if there were 5'000 people there, at like an average of two people in a car,
that's 2,500 cars.
You ever see what the parking lot would look like?
It would 2,500 cars at P.P. Park?
Can you imagine it?
Like a ghost town?
Kind of like our phone this morning.
5'6705.
When they were all lit up there before that break, but they just will not hang on during these insufferable long breaks.
I figured it out.
It's kind of like we do four, five minute newscast an hour on this station.
And we're like, uh, Pikers compared to the other shows.
I don't know how they keep any audience at all on those shows.
Except, of course, it's the desperate sports nerds who will listen to anything.
It's amazing.
5'6705.
60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the mobile and lots of Hatchee.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Peter, how you doing?
Okay, Peter.
I got a couple quick comments.
I know it wasn't at the game, but when you talk about attendance, I was at a, uh,
a powder puff football game list like for Pope John Paul, high school, and Boka.
And there has to be 3,000 people there watching some girls grade playing some football against each other with a hat.
Right.
And then 12,400 Haitians there at that near riot, the fusion Haitian game.
Oh, yeah. They were just killing each other over there.
Right. 12,400.
The other thing is I heard some of the John Henry interview with Hank.
Right.
And, uh, Hank did start out real good, but Hank's kind of like a sports tab.
You know, he's picking dolphins for half and the Raiders for the other half.
But the end, he was, you know, kind of thinking what kind of restaurant he was going to go through.
And the third comment was, you know, George only got good when he started doing his swingers shows.
They got everybody attracted to do with sex.
Otherwise, and that everybody was begging to wait before you to come back.
That's all the comments I wanted to make.
Okay.
We're talking about the guy before that said the punk that called, I'll put George on go on vacation.
I got news for you.
You're listening today, even though you know George ain't doing the show today.
And you'll be listening every other guy then.
They were there.
I'm here with their George is here.
You're glued to it.
Okay. You're stuck to it.
It's a part of your life.
It's his ingrained deep inside your back bone is your hemorrhoids.
So don't give us a song in advance, you know.
And of course, like you, like you said, when you're on, you get a set segment.
Oh, when the hell's the old cover back you suck.
And then when I come back from vacation, I'll put George back on.
It's always that way in this town.
They don't know what the hell they want.
They don't know what they like.
The benefits feel left town.
Oh, gee, he was so great.
And by the way, Phil Henry's syndication starts in six days.
Have we read or heard any more about him being on the ear here?
No.
Has Tom Jicker written the word about it?
No.
No.
I'm going to tell you a time.
You're pathetic.
You really are.
Everyday with his big articles about network.
I realized that network TV has got a lot more people watching than the radio shows.
But for crying out loud, it's part of what's going on in the media in this town.
And there's no coverage.
None.
None.
Zero.
It's like we don't even exist.
Like I said, probably somebody repot his goddamn radio just like Dr. Mark.
You know, I have all those bad gambling debts.
That's what happens when you start hanging around too much with Eddie Kay.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
So Fred Phillips is white, huh?
I don't get the paper.
I'm in Fort Myers, so I didn't get a chance for the full-screen.
I'm large E.J. Phelps from the UK.
You know, I got to tell you.
I got to tell you.
I can't get away from her.
That in sufferable bastard of a husband or hers.
I used to live in Kansas City, Missouri.
I lived there for six years before I moved down here to whatever it was I moved to.
But I got to tell you.
I got to tell you.
A very dear friend of mine passed away while I was there and I went to his funeral.
You have to be a homosexual and you'll never get to show up at his funeral.
Fred Phillips.
Oh my God.
You want to laugh at me?
I apologize, but the guy is a just a rave asshole.
And what Yolkney is, what just absolutely slays me is that here we are in wonderful, free America.
Everybody's supposed to be so free and everything.
But we put up with idiots like this going to people's funeral.
Yeah.
You're interrupting a very private moment between this person's family and friends.
Right.
Spreading the most violent behavior.
Imagine more nasty, disgusting hatred in his life.
And then his wife sends the sick twisted letter to the editor.
I mean, let's face it, newspapers, just because of the lack of space.
Certainly don't publish every letter that's written to him.
Well, but then we got in there.
There was in the scum.
I got to go get one just to burn it.
But I just got to tell you, he is like a cancer on the planet.
He just pisses me off, you know, belief.
Yeah.
I've almost had a material.
George does a great job.
I really appreciate you guys and keep it up.
Thanks.
Have a good one.
There's a guy in Fort Myers on his own dime.
How do you like that?
We don't have too many of those.
We got a lot of cheap people out there.
That's why we don't get any, you know, long distance calls.
Well, the cheap people are on the inside here.
Not so much that they're cheap.
Well, yes, they are.
They're over and above that.
They just don't have the money because we got to pay all the big bucks out to you.
I don't know who.
Very sad.
I keep mentioning that because it happens to be true with the fact of life.
And there are a lot of people, a lot of good people around here, a lot of decent people.
Some of them don't do all that much like our program director, but nevertheless he's not a bad guy.
And he's waiting for his bonus too because, you know, he ain't going to say anything.
He's not going to open up a big mouth.
Because all that money first has got to go to John Henry and it's got to go to Wayne.
And then some of these guys have got the Hutzbiz to call this radio station looking for more, you know,
to use us as a conduit to try to, well, you know, be cheerleaders.
Ain't going to happen, John.
Unless you buy a hanker really good meal.
This mother fucking place is just a fucking joke.
Exactly.
So what do you really think, Hank?
Eight minutes after 11 at 560 WQM.
And by the way, since Hank didn't have bluff go to the bank and deposit whatever that thing worked,
I wonder if his bonus was in there for the spring rating books.
Since he had a pretty good book.
If he had a bonus coming, do you think his bonus was?
No.
No, the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Hi, Felicia.
Gigi, I love your dress.
And your hair looks so shiny and manageable.
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
Gigi, I thought using head and shoulders a long time ago.
I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway?
Yeah, right.
So what are you using now?
Well, it's light-heading shoulders only without all those additives.
It's just called Chad.
Let's tell them about it, girls.
If you tie your dog your own hands, too.
And if you tie your dog your own hands, too.
And if you tie your dog your own hands, too.
And if you tie your dog your own hands, too.
And if you tie your dog your own hands, too.
And if you tie your dog your own hands, too.
And if you tie your dog your own hands, too.
Not at all, Chick.
I'd rather say there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10.
Gigi, that's that price.
Everyone should be getting hands.
That's right, Chick.
When you say head, you set a mouthful.
Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Foulotti.
I'm from Freedom Island.
Here it tells you why you should get head.
First, it lubricates each lymph hair follicle,
leaving in a wrecked, listening shaft.
Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root,
leaving your hair soft, shiny and exhausted.
Nothing does the job like head.
Great.
Can I get head from my hairdresser Bruce?
Probably.
But you might want to try your girlfriend first.
Go out and get some head to say head.
And then it works goes along all right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You look better and you'll feel perished.
Yeah, yeah, and you get head.
You're a nutty step.
What hair with lots of volume?
Nothing gets it up like head.
Available to price, you won't find hard to swallow.
And it's going down every day.
Honey, we're out of shampoo.
Can you go out and get some head?
What did you say?
I said I want you to go out and get head.
Oh, thank you.
Sweet Jesus.
I'm going down, down.
And head makes a great holiday gift.
Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head.
Then I gave her a pearl necklace.
I've never seen her so choked up.
My girlfriend used to give me head.
Then we got married.
Now I'm lucky if I get Jurgens lotion
and a national gift for her.
Once you touch you, a fun hot shot.
Can't feel the good.
My tummy on top.
Can't hear the sound of the wind.
No one comes.
Can't feel the good.
If you buy a house, you're okay.
Can't get frustrated.
I'm feeling so bad.
Can't get a single pet.
The part I said can't feel better than you get some head.
You feel better than you get some head.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, god.
Head shampoo.
Come on.
Give it a shot.
My hair looks great.
You're the man.
It's 11.16 at 5.60 W.
I read a letter from Marge Peltz.
None of the God people explained that to us.
About the fact that God hates people and God hated Esau
even before he was born.
What kind of crazy people would have written something like that?
Along with all the other stuff that they wrote.
What kind of crazy people would have believed it?
5.6705.60 on the 18T wireless line.
Plenty of openings here with an hour and 13 minutes to go.
As you can feel the jug.
The pressure is building.
The tension.
Cut it with your toenail.
Here's a mobile and pompano.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, you're always talking about the fact that you don't have an 800 number.
It's a lot of current to me that your sales department could provide you one by having a sponsor.
Set up your 800 number and then every time somebody's on that number you just identify it by the sponsor's name.
And then they constantly get a plug.
And if you had like a national long distance service or something like that all your internet people and everything else like that.
Sure.
I mean, if we either aren't enough hours in the day for us to promote any more sponsors.
I mean, we sell it.
It's like when Wayne took over about the stadium and he put the sold the foul line.
He sold the truck line.
He sold the ads on the bases.
I mean, you know, we just don't have any place else to stick any more sponsor ideas here.
Well, excuse me.
But you know, like you know, you identify this, you know, the mobile one line.
Right.
Yeah, but not every time we take a phone call.
Well, even, you know, I'm for it.
First of all, I mean, every every little punky business in the world has got an 800 number.
We give them our first sponsors all the time.
But of course here, rather than have a discussion about it, they go into hiding.
They pretend that, oh, you know, it's too expensive.
They know nothing about it because it involves expenditure of dollars.
And they don't want to do it for this show for the radio station.
And it would be, it would be a tremendous.
It's desperately needed and they won't do it.
They refuse.
Don't your advertisers pay for the mobile service?
Well, yeah, I'm sure.
Absolutely.
You know, something long to say why there?
It just makes, it's just a hard way to do it.
Why can't they just go ahead and do it like any other business and pay for it?
I know that's a revolutionary concept.
Why can't they just pay for it as a way of this radio station doing something for you?
And for those of us who are on here, except trying to squeeze in 55 minutes of spots there we are.
Well, I suppose their rationale is that the local sponsors don't get any back for their bulk out of 800 customers from other parts of the country.
That's what I was saying.
Nationalized funding.
One of the spots is get under here.
What is the Bell South to get out of the every phone call that we take here?
That's not the way a radio station works.
Is that every time we take a phone call, somebody's got to get some kind of a commercial plug for it?
Well, for example, I chose AT&T as my carrier because I was able to talk to you.
And I just, it just occurred to me that some of your salespeople saw it as an opportunity instead of leaving it that way, wait, you have to excuse me, I have this call that everybody in the world seems to have.
Yeah, I'm holding my breath on our sales department.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Yeah.
Thanks. Good intentions, but is it going to happen?
No.
No.
56670560, £560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just, I wanted to get your opinion on something.
The fact that, oh, forget the fact that baseball sucks and it's boring and, you know, everyone hates to watch it.
No, no, that is not true.
I mean, right now you've got that Atlanta Met series, which you've had two great games there.
I watched the entire game two nights ago and then the track last night, I watched it a little bit of that game.
It's boring only if you're one of the eight million teams that has no chance to accomplish anything and nobody's showing up at the ballpark.
Yeah, then it's boring.
Right.
I probably didn't expect myself correctly.
And I meant Marlins too.
The point, I think that it's the stadium.
We're in a better location.
Maybe downtown or maybe somewhere more accessible.
Why is downtown a better location and how could it be more accessible than being right off the turnpike?
How many ballpark or stadiums in the world can you drive right into right off a major highway?
You're saying that people, you're saying that people don't go to it because it's not in a good location?
Well, I don't.
I mean, that's one of the reasons I don't.
How come they go there when the dolphins are playing there?
They have 80,000 people there.
Because it's once a week and I think that makes a difference too.
And the baseball, I think, is where in a location like let's say the Miami Arena, for example.
It's accessible by...
The Miami Arena?
Yeah.
You mean the Miami Arena where nobody goes to anymore because nobody wanted to go down there?
Because it's so dangerous and because the area is nothing but a blinded piece of third?
I used to go.
That's why.
I used to go too, but that doesn't mean I enjoyed going there.
We were counting the days down that we didn't have to go there anymore.
You're telling me that downtown Miami is a better location than it's a county line?
Well, I just think that it should be a better location.
I mean, the fact that you have to get in your car unless you live right off the turnpike,
you hit in the car and drive a half hour every time there's a baseball game.
I mean, I wouldn't do it even if I had season tickets.
You know what it is to go if I work in court games.
Look, I want to ask you something.
How long would it take all the people in Broward and Palm Beach County if they wanted to go to a ballgame
and the stadium is in downtown Miami?
It would take an hour to get there.
So you're just speaking from a selfish standpoint.
That's like my saying.
Thank God that the Mac arenas out there by the sawgrass because I happen to live four minutes away.
It's great.
If you live in Kendall, it's not so great.
The fact is there are people don't go to sporting events most times because of where the ballpark is located.
They go or don't go based on whether or not it's an attractive thing.
Whether there's any excitement, whether there's any interest, they could stick it right next to my house and I still wouldn't go.
I charge for parking, but I still wouldn't go.
I mean, that's just so lame.
It's so pathetic.
How could there be a better location than the day Broward line?
Then this ballpark out here.
You drive right enough to turn pike.
I mean, it's a piece of cake.
You drive right in.
Of course, the parking is grotesquely overpriced and especially for the dolphin games.
30 bucks to park your car.
You have to be a maniac.
You have to be.
It's like a hold up.
It's like a stick up to park out there in a garden.
A goddamn grass and in the mud and the muck.
30 bucks.
Seriously, they may not be standing there.
I don't have a bunch of guys with guns.
It's a hold up.
Give me 30 bucks.
And they still do it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
One call on the board.
Well, this is this is, I mean, even the Dennis of America have never ranked as many teeth as I have this week.
And we had two outstanding brilliant shows yesterday and Tuesday, by the way.
Two of the most important radio shows in the history of the human race, which I've been told by many, by the way.
Even though there are a lot of people out there who are like, oh jeez, you shouldn't have said those things too bad.
They were all true.
I'm going to leave here right now.
I've got an hour and six minutes to go into the Marlin game.
I'm going to go out and run naked on the beach with all my buddies.
Fat, rich, alcohol, stain, rumor.
Yeah, Jeff Cohen, I'll bring the camcorder.
Yeah, bring the camcorder.
Bring the cameras along.
Okay, to hell with that damn, you know, 182 or whatever the hell that group is.
That bunch of stiffs that are running around naked.
Blink.
Blink, yeah, blink.
You'd blink a lot.
I'll tell you if we were out there running on naked on the beach.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neha, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I guess you were talking about the show you did yesterday about the paternity stuff.
That was fantastic.
I just wanted to make a comment about that.
That was great.
And what you were even talking about, I heard you talk about the baseball stadium in John Henry.
Now that guy, I had a particular sort of business relationship with John Henry at one time.
Yeah.
And I'm a professional musician.
And John Henry likes to get his little hands and everything.
He's one of his offices up in Bokeh, Riton.
He has a million dollar recording studio up there for this one artist.
His name's Scott Rees.
This guy from Australia.
So he decides now John Henry is going to be a recording guy.
And he hires a band.
A bunch of us, I get a bunch of guys here from New Jersey, I'm off to me.
And it's a high quality music school and professional musicians.
And this guy starts by paying in for rehearsals.
The guy owes me about a thousand dollars at this point.
For jobs I've done for him and his artist.
And he wanted to stop paying his perfor hurdles because he said he doesn't have any money.
And he's telling me that's why I'm sitting at his, we're sitting talking about what's going to go on with this artist.
Maybe we could impose a taxer that's going to raise the money to pay you guys.
The musician tax.
I wish he could be a radio.
I must be nuts.
If anyone pays that guy a dime.
I mean that guy, first of all, John Henry's listening.
And John knows who I am.
John you can kiss my ass.
All right.
All right.
So I, I, I hope no one pays a dime for that guy.
I hope that thing never gets built.
And I, I hope he dies as well as that.
Okay.
You'll take care of your money.
But how do you really feel?
Okay, God bless you sir.
We'll pray for you.
We'll have margin friend Phelps pray for you to five six seven oh five sixty,
POM five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Well, but he's such a nice guy.
See, that's what really got me nervous when I heard Hank talking about, you know,
the fact John Henry had called in earlier in the show, which I didn't hear that part.
And what a night.
He's too nice of a guy.
I, I just don't buy in it.
I mean that's the image they're trying to portray.
To me, he's a BDI little twerp who sees visions of sugar plums dancing in his head
and who's using all of his buddies at the Harold at the Sunsendle.
All of these people to prop up the image.
Oh, see, it's not Wayne.
This is a good guy.
And he really likes baseball.
See, he's a good guy.
Yeah.
If you said a good guy, just like the guy said in the paper yesterday,
build your own guy, damn stadium, okay?
And then maybe somebody else sure will show up and put a reasonable team on the field.
And maybe you're competitive and what you're, you know, it's like anything else.
If you open up a restaurant and the product you're serving sucks, people are going to come back.
What a surprise.
And by the way, nobody's going to build it for you.
You'll have to build your own or read it.
Put the crap product out there that loses and loses and loses and loses.
Dumps away.
Everybody that's a public it's the least but interested in.
And OG, I don't understand.
I'm standing here.
There's only 91 people out here if we just had a dome.
Yeah, we just had a chrome dome.
Isn't that what Wayne said too if I just had a dome?
26 after 11 at 5.60.
Wasn't the dome that bothered him?
I think it was the zits.
Oh, and then he is a duck.
Oh, listen to me.
This is stand by and sleep for sulfaking.
You understand?
Where everything is helped at a high sulfaking standard.
The selection isn't just huge.
It's sulfaking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And sulfaking's price is not just low.
There's sulfaking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say sulfaking as a beautiful store, I mean sulfaking beautiful.
When I say the step is helpful, I mean sulfaking helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the sulfaking and enjoy a selection that's sulfaking huge.
A step that's sulfaking courteous and prices that are sulfaking low.
You'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it from me.
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You said it Frankie.
So fucking good.
Mother fucking place.
It's just a fucking joke.
It's 1132 at 560 WQM or only 58 minutes away from the Marlin pregame show.
All right.
Here we go.
That guy that called that was hallucinating on magic mushrooms before.
About to 5,000 people over that last night.
And the parking lot was jammed.
And they left too early in the bottom of the eighths when all hell broke loose.
And everybody had a great time.
I thought they lost five to three.
Didn't they lose last night?
Yeah.
5,670560 pound to another girls team.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Cooper City.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
You know, great.
I heard about those parking fees.
I got something else for you.
I took an executor from the food industry.
We're having a hot dog.
He says, you know, these hot dogs cost about two and a half to three cents per hot dog.
Yeah.
That was a 250, three bucks a hot dog.
And not only that, it's the worst food in the history of the human race.
Absolutely.
One other thing I want to mention.
I was reading the paper to the about this Miami Police Commissioner or Sheriff,
whatever he was.
This retired.
It gets $172,000 a year in retirement or $120,000 a year.
Yeah.
What the hell in industry?
Nobody there works for living in retirees with those kind of numbers.
Yeah.
But there's not as much graph than most ordinary jobs.
Go get them, Neil.
Okay, pal.
Yeah.
I always hear Hank screaming and rightfully so about the horrendous food at the at the PPP Park.
And by the way, the Macarena ain't much better.
It's pretty marginal at best and highly overpriced, by the way.
But I mean, what is that all about?
And why is it and and and Hank's right?
Carter has the best food of any racetrack in town.
There's not how it always has for years.
Why is it that the other racetrack Gulf Stream,
hi, Alia, some of these other joints, the food is so goddamn bad.
And why is it that PPP stadium, the food is just garbage.
It's swill overpriced.
I mean, dogs wouldn't touch it.
I mean, so in other words, there are concessions places where they really have edible food,
whoever called it as business with, but anything that Baldi's got to do with,
let's bring in crap probably because it's the cheapest, not the best, but it's the cheapest.
Kind of like here at QAM with our equipment.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hello.
Two raggedy douchebags, hairy and high vinger.
If they really give a damn about the employees, what they should do,
since they don't have nobody coming to the super-ass games,
pay for the employees, the parking lots, I'm shipping them all.
How do I know that before she finished, she was going to blow it out at some point with the SH,
John, huh?
Did I know that?
I just had a feeling.
Nice going, sweetheart.
You go, girl.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Don't be distracted, my producer, Tommy.
We got a very important show going on here for another 55 minutes.
This is the Marlin warm-up for the pre-game, okay?
This is the pre-pre-pre-come for the Marlin game.
Man, you can just, you can almost smell it.
Squirt, squirt.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I think that was just on elders, by the way, on the phone.
And it sounded just like John.
And the pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's take up a collection to get our own goddamn 800 line on here, okay?
We can get those people in for Myers calling in.
We can get the 25 million people around the world calling in,
who are listening on the goddamn Internet.
Then we can actually sit here instead of spending half my time begging for phone calls every goddamn day,
and try to kick these people in a pant and get them off their goddamn dead ass.
Then we could do a goddamn show within the limited amount of time we got.
Which I realized this company ain't all that worried about as long as those numbers continue in there.
And as long as we can keep all these spots on here.
I think maybe 40 had a point.
You know, how can we make it with all these cheap cigar store spots and those cigar store Indians?
You're a jackass buddy, okay?
You're a real puss, a real nothing.
Here's Homestead. Hello.
Good afternoon, sir.
Yes, sir. Good evening.
Whatever it is.
It's getting close, man.
Yeah, man, John, we got to hurry that clock up because of the phone game.
You bet on it.
Joplin's a tough act to follow, man.
She was good.
She was really good.
She'll be doing it.
A couple of things I'll bring to the table here.
You're talking about the location of stadiums and how can that guy was so full of crap.
I can smell it.
Turn by accessibility, okay?
And I'm not a shill for Homestead because we have down here the absolute best government money can buy.
Yeah, but they have a ballpark down here.
Yeah.
So why aren't we playing ball?
They fill the racetrack up.
every time there's a race, I mean millions of people come down here.
Yeah.
So why don't we play ball down here?
Play what ball?
The baseball.
If he wants a baseball stadium, there's one sitting here vacant.
But they built for the...
Nobody in their right mind is going to go to Homestead for a ball game.
They go there for racing?
And how often does that take place?
Uh, two damn often for me.
Not that often.
I think.
Nobody's going to go to Homestead in addition, which it's not a dome stadium anyway.
So they have...
Well, what are they going to accomplish?
Just move it farther away from the population and still, you know, get rained out half
to take.
And then you have to have good point, good point.
Okay, second thing.
Uh, you were talking the other day, and I didn't get a chance to call about the overzealous,
uh, whether people, uh, notwithstanding Don, don't know.
No, he doesn't.
He doesn't great, Joe.
He's the best.
He is that.
We love Don.
No.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
But the people in South-Aid actually prepared for this storm.
I would think so.
They did, man.
There's more flywood than in Seagum Metal around here.
Right.
You can check a stick.
And why not?
Why the hell not?
Because they, well, they're wise up.
We've been through the hell like they were, you know, seven years ago.
I'm not going to be prepared.
And you're not going to be one of those jackasses that waits the last day or two and goes
in there and has to fight and go through all that bullcrap.
I want to buy these shutters now, you know.
Right.
Okay, third thing.
You're always, uh, uh, cropping about, uh, for lack of a better word, uh, the copy you
get from your, your, your, your sales staff.
Yeah, you can't complain about the copy we get because we don't get it.
Don't get it.
Yeah.
It's, there's a thing in advertising, most advertising companies have people they call
copywriters.
We don't have one.
Um, let me, let me say it again with all the commercials that we have on this radio station,
we do not have a copywriter person.
I don't believe that.
Well, there you go.
Tour story.
We got Igor, you know, sitting in his, uh, den in there with his crappy attitude who
hates everybody, you know, who takes the tapes and puts stuff on, you know, uh, whatever
he's doing, but we don't have a copywriter.
I don't believe that.
Well, let me say it again.
We still, even though it doesn't believe it the second time, we still don't have a copy
writer.
Well, good luck.
Go get one.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thank you.
We're not going to get one because we'd have to pay somebody.
We're going to pay somebody.
No, you bet your F and A.
We ain't going to pay nobody.
Just like the 800 line.
Are we going to do that?
No, because they'd have to pay for it.
This is the most unbelievable, niggeredly goddamn place on the face of the earth.
Help it all of it.
And let me say it again.
The sad part of it is there's no need for it to have to be this way.
We don't have these high ratings in all this revenue because we got ball games on
here.
We got it because we got the worst team.
We got the show and we got the Humper 6 AM to 6 PM.
We got big numbers on here.
And let me tell you, there isn't one person who listens to any of our shows because we
got ball games on this station.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
That's bad for Mr. Ego's ego.
Yeah, that's bad for Greg O's ego.
Remember what happened to Greg?
I won't see him no more.
He put this news around everybody's neck that works in this place, which is why a lot
of good people still haven't got their bonus from a rating period that was in the spring.
April, May and June.
Here it's the end of September.
And they still end up making it away with it because these people are like, oh yeah,
would it be so okay?
Okay.
Oh, it's a fight.
It's a fight, Greg.
Weasel, that's the word you're looking for.
Work with a bunch of weasels here.
Just like to your rose this morning, taking his little shot of it.
And guess what, yo, I got the spot scratch off.
How about you, sweetheart?
We don't run 13 minute breaks on this show.
Mr. Hot Shot.
24 noon to QAM.
Get to see Hoover, out the moon, my.
Goff Elbows in a satin dress.
Black leather motorcycle jackets, heat in a corner, a fragrance by Chastity Bono.
Dike, the scent of oiled softball glove and aluminum bat.
Dike, sweaty t-shirts and an open pack of camel.
Dike, Dike, the scent of a woman who wants to be a man.
Dike, Dike by Chastity Bono.
It's 11.25 at WQI.
We got the facts from Eric on our NeilRargers.com on our website who wants us to
fix the facts and the felps letter from Fred's wife, Margie Felpson, to be
a Kansas who said, God hates people, bags and the Jews and a whole bunch of
other people is what she means.
Of course, anybody who went like her.
And of course, Esau.
God hated Esau.
And George E. Scott is dead.
How do you like that?
Here's the facts.
1927 to 1999.
George E. Scott is dead.
We're going to shed any tears about that.
No.
Now, highly overrated by the way.
What's hot?
Yeah, but I'm just saying he had a gigantic ego.
I mean, he was a real asshole.
I had a good actor for outstanding actor, but not a good guy.
From what?
Of course, why does he have to be a good guy?
We didn't pay to go see his movies because he was a good guy.
We went to see, but again, you know, right?
If somebody dies and they're a good person, then we feel bad about it.
Just because he was a good actor, I mean, we're going to feel bad about it.
That's what won't be a sequel now.
No.
What was the other one?
What was the military academy?
What the hell was that movie?
Chaps.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, how appropriate.
5.670560.560.
I mean, he and T wireless line.
Let's watch taps for George C. Scott.
He's dead.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good.
A couple of things.
First of all, I'm surprised to have an heard from you about the demise of CKLW and the
Windsor.
I didn't know anything about it.
Yeah, they went off the air.
I believe at the end of August.
They went off the air?
Yeah.
50,000 watt radio station went off the air.
They had a huge peace on it on National Public Radio going back through the history.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
I used to go my life in Toledo in the late 60s and at the height of their powers.
I'm stalling for time while I find the jingles.
To the king of Southern Europe, my God, son.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
What a sad day.
This isn't the history of radio to hear that news.
It's true.
It is.
It's very depressing.
I guess the Mark was too frank landed, whatever they screwed up.
But I mean, there was the 800 on the dial.
Great dial position.
50,000 watts and great signal.
Now, what were they doing?
They were playing like a religion or something before they went to country music.
Yep.
That's exactly right.
Unbelievable.
I don't know what happened to the TV station.
They had one, too.
Channel nine.
I'm sure that's still on.
In Windsor, yeah.
Yes.
That's talking that in Canada.
That ain't going off here.
No, it's impossible.
Another thing too.
If you want to watch the best movies ever made about fraternity life, they helped.
One of them is the Lords of Discipline.
And Brother Rat.
Those two, you know, they nail it right there.
Brother Rat?
Brother Rat with Ben Gisaro back in the 60s.
I think in memoriam we should play CKLW Jingle was the rest of the week.
I'll put the tape on.
OK.
Thanks for the bad news, pal.
How do you like that?
The radio business continues going in a crapper of CKLW.
Goes dark.
CKLW.
Goal.
Goal.
Oh, those are the days, man.
And see, instead of this crap we got today on FM, where every station is just a jukebox.
When you had personalities, when you had great jingles, when you had stations that meant something,
Keener 13 and WABC and CKLW and WLS, let's get to jingles out.
Like we got to call yesterday.
Oh, god damn it.
This must be lunch for macaroni grill.
Am I right about that?
What a great guess.
Because I started Gary Sarner, active meal Jewish in there.
Like a real yenta.
You want them to bring it in now or with you?
Sure.
And I'll bring it in now would be great.
Bring a whole bunch of stuff in here.
Now I'm starving, especially after watching Fat Rich Eat 10 meals at the track.
Last night, I don't know what to say to him.
Anybody else out there got a friend who's like, yeah, the guy handed like a little minor stroke here a couple of months ago.
And I, you know, not a bad one kind of like the one I had 10 years ago.
And instead of reacting to what positively by getting scared to death and losing weight,
he's ballooning up like somebody stuck a bicycle pump.
I mean, just gigantic.
He had two servings last night that could have easily fed the Yugoslavian army.
Either one of them.
Well, thank you so much.
Let's look at the service with a smile.
I got some beautiful stuff.
Here's that my chicken, my polo, polo konfungi, and some vegetables.
And what is this?
What is that?
I don't know, hold it up.
I'm that's okay.
Well, I'll tell you what's like vegetables.
Vegetables with something underneath it.
That would be our sausage, the aloe vera.
Oh, okay.
So, it's each aloe vera with the grilled vegetables on it.
Beautiful.
Thank you, sir.
Oh, I'm looking at this Geneseo extra virgin olive oil.
I love it.
I'm just going to drink this right out of the bottle.
Well, listen, I can't eat like five different meals in here, Gary.
I realize you're acting real pushing in real Jewish, but it looks beautiful.
But I can't eat 10 different meals to make Gary Sarner happy, okay?
I realize that he's real disappointed about that.
But I can't eat 17 meals here to make our sales department real happy.
But I do love macaroni grilled.
And we just have a little of this, a little of that.
It's beautiful.
I'm loving it.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing?
Great.
Listen, I tuned in a little late today.
Wait a moment.
One moment, please.
The big, big, big, cold.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead, sir.
That was good.
I'm just getting emotional about CKLW if that's true, which I'm sure it is.
About the patients not having a good time at the soccer game.
Yeah.
What that was that all about?
I think that maybe since I go for an employees don't make a lot,
they could have IMS people there taking tickets next time and that people won't show up.
Yeah.
That's a good point.
I thought that we had to-
Yeah, you throw one bottle of the portrait or ass right back to Haiti Month.
Excuse me.
Wait, but so-
Can I see your permission to come in here?
Right.
Okay.
So, so-one of baseball's two tight.
Unbelievable.
I can't behave at home.
We can't behave here.
Yeah, but that's what you're supposed to do with a soccer game is act up, yeah.
Where did that from?
Holland from England.
Doesn't make any difference.
That's the truth.
Got to act up at a soccer game.
So that's something exciting is going on.
And you'll thanks much.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Oh man, this is-
Oh god is this good.
Hmm.
You know what this is?
Curtiofe.
Artichokes on my chicken.
And mushroom fungi.
Hmm.
Boy, this is just beautiful.
This is so good.
I forgot all about this.
Always like that Gary Sarner.
You know what?
Oh, by the way,
to give you any information about your appearance, we better mention that today.
We only got about 40 minutes.
Otherwise, you'll have nobody show up.
And then I'll say, oh, nobody likes that guy.
Then George, you know,
we knew that, but I'll take the money anyway.
No, no, but that's not the point.
Yeah, nobody cares about the fact you're getting paid to go there except you,
which more power to you, but what's the point?
Where is it?
Saturday?
Primeco in the Oakwood Plaza.
Oh, you mean the first time he had all those people the first time?
There were two or three people there.
And by now, now that you've been on so many times since,
all these 20 slingers are going to be shown up.
Right.
Noon to two, my condom.
The Oakwood Plaza, in the middle of the Oakwood Plaza, on the left side by Gold's Gym.
And I'm sure there's going to be all kinds of other stuff there.
Where is it?
Sheridan in 9.95.
Look at that.
Igor can eat his nose in our news.
Have a little something there.
Okay?
You look like you're polishing away.
And by the way, don't go to Tampa again.
Next time we have a storm, like a pussy.
God, how embarrassing.
And by the way, when you do stuff like that,
guess what?
The fingers stick out there and the follow.
We got nothing here.
They got a nice big finger there in Tampa, which they deserve.
And of course they do deserve the finger, because like we've always said.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, see what were you just saying?
Oh yeah, you were promoting your appearance on Saturday.
Noon to two.
Noon to two, then that's the other thing there beside the clock.
Okay, do it in tomorrow for all the details on it,
because I'm sure that by then maybe Gary Sarner will find out something about what it's all about.
Well, what is that that you were having?
Not that I'm nosy.
What is he eating there?
Looks like scallopini.
Mmm, beautiful.
Enjoy it.
Well, hi, I'm...
Here's a lady in pompano.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
Great.
Good.
God, have we got a good lunch?
You ever go to macaroni?
Oh, yeah.
It's awesome.
No, it's dynamite.
Delicious.
As long as they don't let that sparts you get up on the table and sing again.
Oh, man, river.
Oh, very good.
Very good.
You're hired.
Oh, thank you.
Well, actually, the reason I'm calling...
I'm calling...
This might be old news, but I'm calling about two things that were in yesterday's
Broward section of the Herald.
Uh-huh.
Totally frosted my butt.
One of them was about how they're thinking, well, city of Port Lauderdale is going to start
showing for the stadium.
Right.
You know, second zone Henry's butt.
And they want to take businesses that are located on Andrew's Avenue downtown and move them to the northwest part of the city.
Which is pretty much like not a very good neighborhood.
Right.
And I just think that's totally wrong.
And let me say it again.
How do you get to Andrew's Avenue where they want to put the stadium?
How are you going to get there?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Like it's so easy to get there with all the traffic.
Right.
Even now, without a stadium, it's a nightmare.
How do you going to get there with 30, 40,000 people supposedly going in?
Especially when all these people are going there for other reasons, like all the bars and stuff that are down there.
Now maybe John Henry figures only the 91 people were there two days ago.
They're the only ones that are show up.
So you don't have to worry about traffic and information and parking jobs.
That's right.
Right.
Okay.
Well the other thing that they said that was in the Harold St. Faction, that I was just blown away by was that it was an article on drugs and point in the fingers of the raised culture and everything.
But there was a lot of things in there that they had totally wrong.
I mean, just some of it was like, okay, maybe they wouldn't know if they're not part of that culture.
But part of it was just stuff that glaringly obvious.
Like one of the things they listed, Merle Wanness here it says, I'm quoting,
so will between $3,000 and $5,000 an ounce.
$3,000, $5,000 an ounce.
I mean, I've known people who smoke an ounce a week.
Did they make three to five thousand dollars?
Well, that's probably breaking in all those convenience stores.
Yeah, right.
Exactly.
But where that was this written?
This was in the borrowed section of the Harold.
Oh my God.
Mary's first article on the front page of the borrowed section says,
that pull from mixing illicit drugs rises.
And then when you turn, you know how they have it continued on page seven,
it's got a little list and a picture of different types of drugs and blah, blah, blah.
And under the parts where it says marijuana, that's what it lists.
It lists as being $3,000 to $5,000 an ounce.
Well, there you go.
If we did the Harold, you know it's got to be a bunch of drugs.
Oh, right.
And then it says, the downer gives illicit drugs.
I mean, I'm sorry.
The downer gives illicit users hallucinations.
Right.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Can you give me some stuff I got?
Well, kind of like when you read the Harold.
Yeah.
Okay, so we got our gotter on.
Have a great day.
Listen, I just want to say I love you.
My boyfriend and I, we go around the house.
And when we talk to each other, we quote your things all the time.
Like we say, I don't know.
And all that stuff.
And you're one of a kind.
And we love you.
All right.
Thank you.
Thanks, Neil.
See you.
Bye.
Okay, four minutes before we know we don't have a lot of time to screw around
because we got the ball game.
Come on up.
We got to get eight million spots.
Can you imagine if we would have done that other break?
Hey, Lewan, you're crazy.
You're a crazy person.
Do you have reason to believe you may be using drugs?
You know, I have been acting erratically lately.
Just last week I went bowling with Jesus and Jim Morrison.
Those may be some of the telltale signs that you may be using drugs.
How do I know for sure?
Some of the other telltale signs may include you have drugs in your heart.
Yep, that's me.
You know where to get drugs.
Me again.
You know all the drugling go.
Oh, yeah.
You talk about Woodstock.
Is it for still there?
Dude, Jimmy's going to play the national anthem again.
And you can eat 32 cheeseburgers in one city.
Where?
Who?
If you've answered yes to any of all of those questions, you may have a drug problem.
If that's the case, you need to tell me.
I'll try HDT, the home drug test, the fastest and most reliable way to find out if you've been using drugs.
HDT, the home drug test, available with most major pharmacies, from POP, the Eastern people.
Far out, man.
Come on.
Two minutes past note at 5.60 WQM, only 28 minutes away from the pregame show, for the Marlins and the Appent and the one having to play in the Expo.
Panters, whoever it is.
Does it make a difference to their playing?
No.
This one today from the Macarooni Grill.
This is one of the most incredible meals I have ever had.
This is chicken.
This usually comes in a bit of angel hair pasta, which I noticed you're scarfing down yours, but I passed on that because I can't eat that.
But it's the chicken.
What is it?
Scalpelpini.
With the Fungi and with Cartiopi, the Carter Chose, which if I could tell you how much I love really good Arter Chose, which these are the best I've ever had in my life.
Thank you very much, sir.
Even Gary Sarder, we say thank you to Cory Fnomenal lunch from our friends at Macarooni Grill.
Like I said, if they just keep the schwarzer from singing when I'm there, I'll come back a lot.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T WIthless Line.
Let's talk fast now.
We've got 20, 7.5 minutes to go.
Here's a curl springs.
Hello.
Are you ever going to go back to Carbo Hydrates at any time?
What does that mean?
No, you day.
I know that you're using the Actors.
I wouldn't mean I ever going to go back.
You think I'm off of Carbo Hydrates?
I'm as fat as a pig.
I think that Ben and Jerry's ice cream is protein.
No, we know that.
There you go.
Listen, there's two things.
First, with the stadium, isn't the reality of it that it's more the weather than how well the team is doing that's causing the lack of fans to go out and get you.
Of course not.
You don't think so?
Let me get to this.
Was there anything wrong with the weather yesterday?
Well, a couple days ago when they played the...
No, no, no, no.
Was there anything wrong with the weather yesterday?
Was there a drop of rain?
They had, by all accounts, maybe a thousand people there, maybe 1200 last night.
Did they draw when...
I wasn't here.
Did they draw when they won the World Series?
Only in the end of the playoffs and in the series, of course, and any team would.
Exactly, but during the season, even though they were doing well, they still did enjoy it.
That's right.
Well, that's correct.
I'm thinking that maybe it's the weatherker who wants to go there and...
You're not listening to me.
Let me say it again.
Even with a sun shining on the most beautiful day in history, they've had games when they're just a smattering of people.
There's no interest, my friend.
Nobody cares.
Did they draw in...
I don't know.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Neil, can I tell you about my theory?
Did they draw when Jesus was a baby?
Did they draw when Wayne got a haircut?
Go ahead, sir.
Get set ready.
Neil, can I talk to you about my theory?
Of what?
The electrical checks and balance.
I'm listening, sir.
I'm waiting for the good stuff.
Okay.
You know, if an atom is split, it causes nucleophysian, right?
Nuclear fission, yeah.
Or an instantaneous combustion.
Fission, yeah.
And, you know, that the theory of, you know, like with the judicial checks on the legislative,
and the executive checks on the...
Yeah.
Well, okay.
That's checks and balance, and I put that with my scientific theory,
along with my religious theory,
that one thing happens as a result of another,
and I'll bet you when Y2K goes, it's going to be chaos.
Yeah.
But that's not where I want to talk to you about.
Oh, thank God for that.
Where's the good stuff?
Come on.
I don't have a lot of time here.
I had an accident.
I'd like to talk to you about the old people on my highway.
You call them old forests, but...
I'm just a little bit scared for lack of a term, so I was headed north on 36,
West, rather on 36.
Yeah, listen, time's up.
Okay, let's go to a mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Long gone.
Okay.
I just munged.
567-0560, pound five.
We still got 25 minutes to go here, and I have one call on the board.
What the hell is going on here, man?
We got everything going here from tobacco to the goddamn stadiums in a wrong place,
and the weather in the rain in Spain, and did they show up when this,
and did they show up when...
Oh, and Frankenstein was showing us the movie theater.
I mean, this guy's a maniac.
567-0560, pound five-60 on the 18th.
And we got to describe it with a theory of relativity,
and his accident and an author, because the old people drive too slow.
Just don't drive with your relatives next time.
Okay, pal?
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Lady in Miami.
Hey, Neil.
Go on out of Tokyo ticket on the air.
Bye.
Yeah, okay, thanks.
I think that would screw in.
567-0560, pound five-60 on the 18th.
You know who that was?
That was what's his name, friend?
Slip this to Mickey.
By the way, have another one for us, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Oh, and Neil?
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Ms. Walnut?
Okay.
I guess it was a wonder, and if you worried, I...
I was just about four-hawvey broadcast yesterday.
You know, I make the call harvester.
I don't listen to that.
Well, this guy makes a...
There's no four.
I don't listen to this remark.
He causes his broadcast with...
Good day.
He says, you got a letter from...
Are you there?
Yeah.
You got a letter from a little kid who asked where was God when the kids were getting killed and call him buying high.
Yeah, we hit the same call yesterday, right?
And then, you know, the instance?
Yeah, God...
God, they keep calling school.
Yeah, just like he got a lot of insurance in Texas.
Exactly.
We did the same thing yesterday, sir, but thank you.
A little stale, but nevertheless, the price is right.
5 6 7 0 5 60, £5 60 on an AT&T wireless line.
These idiots, man.
Why don't you just face the music?
Nobody cares.
Don't you get it?
Don't you understand?
Nobody cares about the freaking god damn Marlins.
There is no interest.
Listen to the sports shows on this station, on the Waffen, on any god damn,
are there any calls about baseball?
No.
He wants it a blue moon.
Nobody cares about that here.
Trying to force people, like I said yesterday,
they have a lot of the air is they don't want it they're not interested they don't
care they won't eat it they have they don't like it
period there's no interest
i mean that you know championship time it could be lacrosse it could be uh...
you know we need roast whatever if it's a championship thing this town is
the worst in the world as far as jumping on a bad wagon so that proves nothing
eight minutes after noon at five sixty wqm there's a
ang niinan
uh...
you
would
you
That's all we needed to get by.
Now it's things, things, the change that I think that you're the one to blame.
There's things I don't like anymore.
These things, they're right.
I don't think I like you anymore.
When you get to drink it,
you put me places I've never been before.
Here, right now, I don't like you anymore.
Why can't we just get a grip on our man-to-hand relationship?
Time to terms with truth is how we feel.
If we put our heads together,
we'd just stay home forever,
there's hair painted.
I've got eyes to the last girl.
Oh, and Rodney, while you're shaving the shave, my uncle.
414 at 560 WQM just 60 minutes away from that big pregame show.
By the way, I got a very important and depressing bunch of stuff from Ryan Doherty at the University of Florida and Gainesville over the facts.
He's listening on the internet.
I'm not shining you.
I'm going to talk about this stuff tomorrow because we got this stupid ball game today.
I don't have time to do justice to this today.
He's a friend and fraternity brother of one of the kids that got killed over the weekend up there.
We live in a violent, a violent, freaking country man,
because we got a lot of goons and idiots up there and all over the place.
I'm just amazed by this one.
I'm just blown away by how good this is from macaroni grill.
Did you have any of those cheese balls?
Not yet.
What do you mean, bufuro mozzarella?
Look at me cheese balls.
We got a Pomodora, bufuro mozzarella.
We got the sausage, corn, vegetale, and bulia.
Don't you like that Italian?
It's pretty bad.
No practice.
Hey, why don't you go to Italy now, Neil?
Go to hell, Neil.
Screw you.
Okay.
Sounds good to me.
Here's Merrimar.
Hello.
What's up, my nigga, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's the deal with Dalek chicks?
Now, he goes on the waivers.
Any team can pick him up?
Uh-huh.
How many days are months?
I don't know.
Who cares?
They're hoping that he goes by by, you know?
That's what I'm thinking.
I want to say goodbye.
Hey, PlayStation, which is a video gaming system came out with NHL 2000 yesterday.
For the past couple of years, I usually play Florida's team.
You know, I put Peter Well on my fourth line, you know, as a check in line.
And he'd always end up being white.
This is the first year that they've actually had a black player in this hockey game.
All right.
Yeah, right.
They're making great strides.
No, they're not.
That's a bad precedent.
Oh, is it?
How is that?
Just, you know, they already got all the other sports.
Let's keep the other thing going on with white people.
Yeah, I got you there.
I got you there.
Hey, Chris Well smells not so well.
Hey, can I call somebody a douchebag?
Go ahead.
Andre and Andrew, off.
Later, Neil.
Okay, see you.
Well, what about Panther fans?
Well, he's a little bit hilarious.
And by the way, headlined in the paper this morning,
GM to draw a B more like Burray.
It left out the other part where Burray said to the general manager,
be more like Pat Quinn.
Left that part out.
Be more like Burray.
What a what an idiotic.
Only in the newspapers here would have put some stupid crap in here like that.
That would be like the Casper saying the Alice Rantel.
Be more like me, Neil.
Be like Neil.
Well, he wasn't some way.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line all the way ahead.
Always much better taste.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing?
Good, sir.
All right. I was only if I could say hi to somebody.
No. Yeah, call him up.
Call him up and say hi.
Okay.
This isn't the guy named Lonely Hearts Club.
He's wondering if he could say hi to somebody.
Kind of crap is that, huh?
Kind of major league.
Big ball-busting bunch of crap is that.
Sitting here enjoying a wonderful lunch, having a real great pseudo intellectual conversation with our listeners today.
About 8 billion different things.
None of which we can do anything about.
But it sure kills for entertaining hours every day.
I'll tell you that, right?
Uh-huh.
F and A.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Come on. We got only 13 minutes to go.
We got to talk fast.
Let's take 600, 700 calls here in the last 13 minutes today.
Here's a mobile in Volker. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, my name is Sebastian.
Yeah, I got some good news for you.
Yes.
I'm an attorney and a mutual friend that they ask me to give you a check.
They're major.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Do you ever pay in the, uh, of course not.
That's not a bitch bitch.
You know how much that to grand would be worth today with compounded interest?
I could probably be tired today.
I probably gave it to Laurie before she's put.
Uh-huh.
Okay, thanks for the good news, pal.
We're going to you're dragging back up all the old sad stuff.
All that stand made your stuff.
Wow.
I might have to play a stand made your thing here, you know, in a minute.
Just for the hell of it.
I wonder if he's still alive here.
Oh, yeah, I shouldn't have said that.
He'll call me again.
Don't call me.
Stay and I'll call you some year.
Not soon.
Here's a mobile in a four-lettered out of the hall.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's the first time I call it four-lettered out of them.
All right.
Yes, I'm a young black male about 20 years old.
Yes, sir.
I want you to call out the other black lives.
You know, he's supposed to be hard to burn a night.
That used between the 80s of 18 or 28.
Or the night.
If they had a foot to put in their head, they'd only listen to Neil Roger.
I know these 15 people who turn off the WDRs and the hot unit spies lift to the everyday.
I just need you to get a pair of balls.
That's right.
Come out of the closet.
Hey, well said, pal.
Okay.
And one more thing.
I might see you at the time pike in Sunrise last night.
Right.
And your core is big.
You may have mine a tripping in my throat.
Why are you the mom?
Oh, yeah.
I like that from the track, right?
Yeah.
All right.
Thank you.
Have a great day, pal.
All right.
And by the way, let me have a great image of that.
Coming home from the track last night, I'm going west out there on Sunrise Boulevard.
And some of you idiots out there that want to go 90 miles an hour on an upside rise.
I'm not impressed.
In fact, you know, something I'm only impressed by what assholes you are.
And this guy, I'm sure he probably stuff some of these idiots too.
You know, I pull away from the light.
I leave these people in the dust.
I'm going, you know, I don't want to say how I'm going, but it's a 45 mile hour speed limit.
It's late at night, so I'm going maybe 55, 58.
Okay, that's too fast, but that's what I'm doing.
And all of a sudden, I don't know where they come fly it by me.
I mean, I've left them 60 car legs behind.
Okay, there's nothing to prove anymore.
And now they come bare-lash it at.
And they go by me like I'm standing still.
So if I'm going 58 and they're going by me like I'm standing still,
I've got to assume they're going at least 80, maybe 90 on Sunrise Boulevard in a residential neighborhood at night.
Not just one. This happens all the time.
You're crazy people. Crazy.
Even Britney Spears was never so crazy.
She all probably had a better boob job.
Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello.
Mobile in North Miami.
Yeah, and a couple things.
Yes, sir.
One thing. You wonder why no one wants to talk about the sports or his interest in the sports.
I'm just going to take most of the population.
Halfway turned off about the professional athlete.
Yes, sir. And then none too soon, right?
It doesn't surprise you at all.
Not at all.
Shouldn't be making the comments.
And we got the thing you want to talk about politics.
Shouldn't be making what comments?
Well, you think you're surprised.
No, I didn't say I was surprised.
I'm just stating it is the fact people don't give a crap and especially hear about baseball.
No, Helen, no.
And they don't give a crap about hockey.
What contribution into society or into the general public role do they make?
Well, it's okay for a pastime.
Everybody's going to have a pastime.
Absolutely.
It starts going to be a real expensive pastime.
Then the screw it.
Yeah, I pack me and my family a five off to a football game.
It's going to hang a drop 200 bucks.
Got a mortgage of Goddamn house, right?
Exactly. On another thing. On a political side.
You see in Puerto Rico for Puerto Rico with the bombing range down there in V.A.K.
Is they want to drop that off and then maybe you should move out of there.
We should drop Puerto Rico completely.
Yeah.
You've got anything about that fee?
No.
Seven billion dollars for FEMA for the cleanup down there.
No, because we didn't find some more good terrorists down there and we love those things.
Oh, sure. Let's let them out.
Right.
We love them. We never met a Puerto Rican terrorist we didn't like.
Was that an opportunity for Bill to do something bad?
Get the water cleared and then Hillary gets the put an opinion on it?
Yeah. Well, you know what I say?
Screw Hillary.
Which he won't put the number.
I can't do that either.
I'm straight.
Okay. Go ahead.
Have a great day.
The ice princess. Nobody wants to touch her. No wonder.
I'm so tired of her, man.
I can see why she's dropping in the pool like a rock.
She's just a...
First of all, she...
Talk about the arrogance.
I like that term.
That's what it is.
Errogance.
The idea that somehow she's got this coming to work because she's the first lady or the first of the scorned woman.
She's got some business being in the Senate.
She doesn't know crap from Shion Olo that bitch.
In fact, if I lived there as much as I detest Rudy Giuliani who's a real good card-carrying Nazi,
I'd probably vote for him if I lived in New York instead of that bitch.
What a silly person she is.
And every, every issue.
At least she's consistent no matter what the issue is, whether it's Jerusalem,
whether it's the Puerto Rican terrorist, she flip-flops on everything that bitch.
The only thing she hasn't flip-flop lately on is Bubba,
which of course is why he was a...
22 past noon.
In fact, 20 years they haven't done it so we hear.
20 years they haven't.
He hasn't slept with that bitch.
And who could blame him?
Anybody in the audience want to touch her?
No.
Or him?
No.
5667-0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
We're just minutes away from the pregame with Boog Shambi who was in here the other day.
He's a shadow of his former self.
Stand Major.
Now a New Star Radio 610, WIOD, would you have missed the last show?
You missed this.
Well then what the hell is your problem?
Kane is in New York, Stella.
What are you going to do with your...
I don't want Kane back, I just posted it.
Well then who do you want?
Who do you want?
You want Alan Furler?
I don't know what's that.
I think you want Joey Reynolds?
So what now?
Then what the hell do you want in the air?
Silence?
I mean, is that all we have to do?
What do you give me a name?
Who do you want?
Is that all we have to do?
What kind of content do you want during 2 to 6?
I mean, here the next stand Major Show.
This afternoon at 2 on New Star Radio 610, WIOD.
All right, brings back some memories baby.
Let's talk about Candy Bar.
Is how about that Milky Way dark?
Hmm.
Anybody buy a good watch lately?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
For a stand, you know?
Stand basically a pretty good guy.
Just, and I don't want to let that $2000 break up a good friendship, you know?
But it did.
By the way, stand Major, if that richen are going to be running naked on the beach to try to, you know?
Rekindle that friendship.
Here's a mobile in Hylea.
Hello?
Nioh.
Yes sir.
How are you?
Great.
Are you sure we're at the macaroni grill?
Right.
And do you like seafood?
All depends.
There's a dish there.
It's called the greenie alapescatora.
It's called the alapescatora.
It sounds fishy to me.
Yeah, sure.
But even if it's not in the menu, you ask for it.
They'll make it for you.
Also, if you like this color, pinnie de polo, which is what it sounded like you had a...
Yes it is.
Oh, it's out of this world.
And as for the farfallia, forfallia, con polo, super Bianco.
Farfallia con polo super Bianco is just as good, even better.
Okay.
And also the one, you can have all the one you want, you know?
And just say you have two glasses, they'll send me the profit if they won't...
They don't care what everything.
Two glasses.
Right.
Take care now.
Okay, we'll be there at you.
Okay, goodnight to you, Ely.
So there we go.
That's pretty much going to...
Oh, we got a mobile in candle.
Real briefly.
Hello.
Mobile in candle.
Hello, Nail.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Great.
This isn't regards to the previous color of Puerto Rico.
Yeah.
But we spent billions of dollars on the war on the other side of the country.
And the name of the democracy.
And then as soon as we leave, they continue to kill and make people.
And in regards to Viego, Puerto Rico is only 100 by 35 miles.
Yeah.
Let's just blow up half the island.
And in regards to the terrorists, I'm not for terrorism.
And I'm a Puerto Rican.
We're not proud of what they did.
But there are murderers.
They spent 20 years in jail.
And there are murderers that get out in seven and eight years.
Yeah, so they're good thing they didn't do any pot.
Okay, thank you.
Whatever you said.
Hey, listen, that's going to kick it right in the head, okay?
Because, uh, oh, geez, it's not time for that ball game.
Is this the Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale?
