Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
Yeah!
Talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and rarerad or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
some easily read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Hello, thank you morning.
It's a great area.
Man, I almost missed the show this morning.
I rolled out a bed about 15 minutes ago.
Oh, you too, huh?
That's me and she is.
Well, if you think, oh, so we could set you on, get the cash for half an hour.
You know what I'm gonna want to have.
Oh, man.
The first three and half hours were phenomenal.
Yeah.
You know, in the V.A.Y.
As you see, K.S.
All right.
When Canadian you come here every year.
Oh!
Old, stable soul.
Hey, stuff it.
Not knowing heads from rings.
That's why I think I only had one eye.
Will you eat like pigs and you dress like slabs
like a highways with your cards?
Fun?
Really?
The only one thing worse than a restaurant
is to see you in a bar.
Where are you going?
The key for safe.
Friends can aid you in free.
I are one way to get on here Canada for the...
That's what that's what that's.
Oh, Florida.
Please make the flood.
Oh!
Why does this have to happen to me?
All right, 1002 at 560 WQM Happy 1999.
It's our first show of the new year.
Are we excited about this or what?
No.
Well, we are.
Man, so much stuff going on.
It's hard to figure out where to start.
Let's start with a call, the first call of the new year.
We actually have a call here this morning.
I wonder what could it be about.
Poor Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
It is a great year.
So far, so good.
Did you hear about that Christian Doom today call?
That was in Israel yesterday.
Isn't that...
What a novelty.
We got a bunch of religious fanatics in Israel.
What a novelty.
You believe in the Christians?
They want to shoot up the place that they can start on.
That's right.
They're going to start on the Gettin and then Jesus is going to come down
and get in the middle of the whole thing.
And William Boyd is going to be hopp along Cassidy with Gabby.
He's going to get involved.
Yeah, but the news is taking like a Chess of the call.
This is fundamentalist Christianity that believes in this stuff.
Right.
Because Jesus can't go about the fundamentalist, the Orthodox Jews,
that are over there fighting with the Orthodox Palestinian.
Oh, the same thing.
Yes, true.
They're all nuts.
They're all crazy in a bedbugs.
Jesus can't come back to them.
Why can't they just sit down and have a little sheer little cool aid
and some yellow pudding and put it in all the suffering?
Because in the Bible it says we've got to have the war.
Jesus can't come back unless we have world war.
I thought the first call this morning was going to be about Rick and Suds.
I didn't hear about it.
What happened?
Okay, have a great day.
Oh, come on, Rick.
Lighten up a little bit.
Will you have for crying?
He's over there bitching this morning.
They're not having any promotion.
I'm going to promote the hell out of that goddamn show.
Actually.
I'm not one more time.
There you go.
Yeah, Rick and Fred started this morning.
Of course, time.
And Jacob's got a big column here this morning.
We'll milk this pretty good.
You know, those of you out there really.
We got a lot of very nice people out there.
We got some very bright people.
But once in a while, I mean, it's kind of scary to me.
And I'll say something that on the face of it is so ridiculous.
And people like at the hockey game on Wednesday night, people coming up to me.
Several, by the way, intelligent people.
Were you pulling our leg about that reneary thing?
Yes.
Yeah.
I mean, did they really believe that Mike reneary is going to be on this radio station in the morning?
I see a blimp.
And the blimp has a flashing sign on the side.
The sign says, hi, my name is Neil.
I'll wait a minute.
Yeah.
So is reneary going to be on here?
No.
No, he's not.
Tom Dicker writes, reneary still looking for radio home.
I got, oh, god, if I got a lot of stuff to say.
We want to hear immediately because I don't want Rick and Fred to feel too bad, especially
studs.
Because after this whole thing evolved and I told you last week, you know, jicke of
Finally writes a column.
Thanks to me, by the way, which the first two words in his column are neo-rodgers.
And then of course, Terry Jackson, they're in the Harold writes a big, just on the end
about show is move and Rogers departs is when he shifts evenings.
Did anybody at when he tell us that we were going off?
No.
Now, if any of our good close personal friends who we used to work with over there by their calling and
saying, oh, by the way, as a Monday, they're taking a show off, not that I care because they still
got to pay us through the end of May, which is all we care about.
In fact, being off of that abortion is like hopping off the Titanic just before it's too late.
But it's pretty interesting that they just yank the thing off of there and nobody ever bothered
to tell us.
So this is all over the goddamn place.
But I thought that once we heard that story about how they agreed to do the mornings or
they went in and they talked both of you into doing the mornings on stupid talk that at least
they would do it with the assurance that they'd get something.
You know?
Because that was always the, remember that, the belly heck in the end and legitimately so.
See, if you want to blame somebody for what's happened to your talk radio in this market,
don't blame Buddy Bud Paxon.
Don't even blame Queer Channel and David Ross and those people, Peter Bulger, the assassin.
Don't even blame those people.
You know who to blame?
Uncle Charlie.
No, seriously, I'm serious about this.
This is no laughing matter, is it?
Jesus, is this a laughing matter?
We're talking about the whole audience out there whose lives have been disrupted.
All these good decent people and Rick in this business who've, you know, had their jobs
in their livelihood screwed up.
Three letters.
The FCC, that's Uncle Charlie.
No, no.
God, are you slow?
I know it's only Monday and it's the first day of the new year.
I've been drinking a lot.
It begins with C.
Okay, here, let me give you a, oh the Cox.
I was gonna, I was gonna give you a goddamn hint there and then you were, you stepped on my damn thing.
So what the fuck, you stepped on it?
The Cox people, that's right.
And I know that Bob and Cheryl, I'm sure they're out there listening this morning and all the other people are tipper
and go and all those other day and people over there at Cox, they're listening.
Hey, how you doing guys?
But, and it's not me, you keep, you're not blaming them on that level.
Blame that little, you mentioned them the other day, Bob Neal.
With that little, a wimpy handshake, that little piece of turd.
And Nick Trigoni and the Cox sisters and all those people up there in Atlanta.
They're the ones that pulled the plug on WI, the, that's right.
They're the ones that put it, the whole AM radio into the state that it's in right now.
And the reason I say that, because you know, they went on the morning there and they see,
they made a lot of moves back then.
First of all, Yankin, Ranieri offered.
Ranieri was old and crusty and whatever he was, but it was like an old comfortable shoe.
Which is a nice way of saying, even though the show sucked, they were making money on it and they leave it alone.
If it's not broke, don't fix it.
See, in this business, the number one motto is, we're going to fix it whether it's broken or not, whether you like it or not.
And they tried to fix it and if they ever, ever, ever since then, been able to put it back together again.
Like a Humpty Dumpty routine.
The pieces are scattered, lives are scattered all over the goddamn landscape of this town.
Because of the Cox people.
The Cox people were the evil people.
Again, we're talking about the people of Atlanta.
They pretended to be our friends and then little Bob Neal came down here for that goddamn meeting that day,
but that that that that better things to do.
And here's Buddy Bud Paxon.
Meet Buddy Bud Paxon.
Oh my god, that was like introducing us to the goddamn Ayatola.
That's what that was like.
Meet the Antichrist.
Here you go.
We just were mortgaging all of your lives to the Antichrist.
Good luck to you and blow it out your ass and we didn't like you anyway.
And that's it. That was basically the way they did it.
And a very disgusting and nauseating way.
And I'm so sick and tired of all these companies.
I mean, okay, actually publicly held company.
It's on the stock exchange, which I'm sure Rick tomorrow be given those stock numbers.
You know, Rick, I hate to break the news to you.
I don't want to give you advice because I'm going to promote the hell out of the Rick and Sud Show.
Because I'm listening every morning, starting this morning.
You got one listener.
I mean, I actually listening to Rick and Suds as opposed to what we got on this station.
You bet.
And as bad as that show is, well, I shouldn't say that.
Should I say that?
Well, I mean, as you know, today was the first day in the morning.
Give them a little bit of time.
Because my point being that they don't have any more assistance on a morning there.
They don't have like a news guy on there like the East Avenue Chuck Meyer or a sports person or like anybody.
They got that stupid talk, this network thing, which means, you know, the lowest thing that money can buy.
Save as much as we possibly can.
And just stick a couple of guys in there with Adam and the other room going,
pappa, pappa, pappa, you know, like that.
And that's a show.
So they have no end.
Of course, Rick was belly-eye going to get about no promotion.
I'm going to promote the Rick and Suds Show.
How do you like that?
I want you to understand because I want to make this clear right up front.
Not at the expense of the worst team.
Why are you laughing about that?
No.
Huh?
Not at the expense of the worst team.
In other words, the people who listen to the worst team, I'm not suggesting you turn it off.
But those of you who listen to this show, who don't listen to the worst team,
here's an alternative.
Rick and Suds are on mornings on stupid talk on W-I-N-Z940.
Started this morning.
They're back in the morning because they had to save their job.
Because they were going to blow them out of there.
And they were like, oh, please, please, can we go back in the morning and maybe the stock market will go up?
But as I started to say, Rick, I don't want to give you too much advice.
And I know you'll never listen anyway because that's one thing about Rick Riley, no matter what you would tell him.
If you told him it was Tuesday, say happy Wednesday, happy Friday.
You know, that kind of thing.
But the people who listen to your show don't care about the stock market, okay?
They care about maybe the flea market.
That's the market they care about.
No, seriously, that's the market where you'll see most of the Rick and Suds audience.
That's not a put down because there's a lot of those people that hang out at the flea market.
I want to see all the people on the phone right now who listen to some of the Rick and Suds show this morning, okay?
I want to see a show on his phone immediately.
56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
See if they got a crowd out there, okay?
Because you know there's got to be some crossover.
You know, people just aren't going to give up the old Wi-Fi.
See a habit just like in the year or two. It's not going to happen.
Ten minutes after ten, it's 560, WQ-
No, let's close that inside that house.
And his cheerleading wife, reading, I don't know if they're reading the newspaper or the scriptures.
One of the other. Rick Wiley. Rick Wiley. Rick Wiley. Rick Wiley.
So I wonder what Rick is doing at their dining room tables and my speech right now.
Why is everybody picking on me? Just whiten up, man.
There is some heavy-duty crap going on inside of that house.
I think we could make a soap pop when it would make Chester Wiley pale in the wind significance.
I never said that anywhere. Did I? Well, if I did I forgot.
Rick Wiley is like some kind of a psychotic, uh,
anti-murderer in that house that is underwear in his newspaper. That's not bad enough.
Rick Wiley. Rick Wiley. Rick Wiley. Rick Wiley.
Oh, yeah. Rick is a discussing that right around the dining room table right now with his lovely cheerleading wife.
Why is everybody picking on me? Just whiten up, man. Oh, yeah.
Yeah, link it to me, baby. I'm the cheerleader for the remnants of AM radio in this market.
I'm the only, I'm like the centerpiece and that ain't much. I'm like an old craggy centerpiece for what's left of AM radio, which is not too much. That's right.
By the way, before we get into, we got a million calls on there. I want Rick and Satsang. I'm sure Satsang is listening right now. Rick is stupid. He won't admit it.
Airbnb line in this board is lit up like a goddamn Hanukkah bush because we got all these crossovers, okay?
And now the fact I'm promoting their show, I would fully expect tomorrow morning, all four hours for them to be going on sand.
Now, we don't want it, you know, because they work for a very, very, very tight-fisted and very hard-ass company.
But I expect them to be saying for now, Dr. Laura will be on at 10, but those of you who don't like Dr. Laura,
those of you who wouldn't listen to the doctor, you better turn over to 5.60, Uncle Neil at 10 o'clock, because he's promoting us.
That's called Kitt for Tat is what it is. You can't say Tat on that station, but nevertheless, you can't say.
So anyway, I'm expecting to hear that tomorrow, aren't I? No. I'll be listening anyway.
Here's a, before we get to your 50 million calls here, where the Rick and Satsang is back on here, I've got an idea.
What we'll do is we'll like have Phil come on, we'll put him on like the Haitian station or something in the afternoon, huh?
So, yeah, a little tick-tack dough, there you go, and we'll put together the old WI. They just won't be on the same radio station.
There you go. Hey!
And we'll just cross-promote each other, and we'll find a way to weave our way through all of these radio-gun-of-him, here all these lunatics that think they know something.
They're putting all this swill on the air. How about those gators? How all can you do that, and here already, will you? Jesus Christ get a life.
Here's a memo that says I am very proud to announce the MVP's for WQM plural for the month of November.
San Duque again, and Chris Reed, the nephew who never thought he'd get the sustained award. However, San and Chris have been hard at work on many projects.
Yeah, they've been hard on many projects, all right. Besides the regular promotional duties for WQM, Chris and San have done a stellar job at Dolphin's Home Game Events,
and particularly helping push the SETA-1 campaign along. They are both, here's the best line of the century, they are both tireless workers who have only the good of the radio station at heart.
They're both interested in getting laid. There's nothing wrong with that, but let's be honest about it. Okay, that's number one, number two, number three, and maybe number four is the good of the radio station.
Okay, like I said, maybe number 20 or 30 after the first 19 that blow jobs. Sam and Chris will each receive a $200 bonus for their or or a WQM pin. Take the money for the Reckonement.
Please join me in congratulating San Duque and Chris Reed, the WQM employees of the month for November.
How come it's for November? This is January already. I don't understand that. Are we looking at those slow?
We're a little slow here. In case you have noticed that. And by the way, congratulations is it Ralph is the board off that did the spot where he talks about lobster, Termador.
Have you ever heard about this? They were the salespeople were pinging their pants out in the hallway when I went to take a leak.
Yeah, they were pinging their pants. I figured I'd go down the hall and do it. But in any rate, lobster, Termador, as once again the QAM board off strike terror into the hearts of sponsors, when coast to coast.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I just want to talk to you about the MDA strike. If you're good.
Yeah, okay. Great. Here's a mobile in Del Rey. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah, I agree with you with that answer that's called Rick. You know, he's just right on everything. No matter what.
He's always writing his son is never wrong. Yeah. Did you listen this morning, sir?
No, I don't listen to his ass in the mornings. So they took him off on three and then from six until 10. Yeah, I have time.
Listen, I don't know. What are you listening to in the morning? Listen out one or five. Oh, get out of here. Okay. See, it's a cocks set up. But as soon as I mentioned Cox broadcast in the evil empire, they're setting up. Now that was what's his name, Rodney Baltimore, do a voice.
Couldn't you tell? Oh, it was a what's your name? What's Jill Tracy doing a voice?
We have two open lines in part. I thought that these were all going to be crossover people. I was so you forked there not for myself, but for our good close personal friend, suds and what's his name too?
I was so excited about it. And so far we are two on these calls. I want to hear crossover. I realized there were no billboards and you can thank me by the way guys. I'll take checks in any amount you want.
You can thank me for getting that Tom Jikku does hate you guys like poison, especially Rick, for even writing anything about it in small little print after this. You know, this is the amazing part of it.
And you know, Tom has been very nice to me and I like Tom personally don't misunderstand time. This is business not personal, but he's hated Rick Riley from the beginning. He doesn't like him.
And I can understand that Rick is he's a tough guy to like. He's not a bad guy. He's just a hard guy to like. I can't really put my finger on it nor do I want to. Maybe it's that beard and a mustache that kind of that smuts on his post. I don't know what it is about Rick. There's just something about his personality. Now suds everybody likes suds right everybody except Cheryl who hated them like poison, but Cheryl hated everybody what?
Why did she hate suds? Oh, who knows you know Cheryl. That's just her thing about being a jab. You know, she's got to have a problem with everybody underneath it all who knows.
So did she hate me too? No. I'll tell you who does hate you on the air though. By the way, isn't this great how we're getting into this now? What's the new year?
I'll give you one guess who hates you one year and let me before you before you guess this is a person who's opinion on everyone is not based on their ability, but based on whether they like him.
Like Jeff DeFloris, like George Rodriguez, like anybody else. In other words, if they like him and suck up to him, then they're great. If they don't like those awful hockey shows we used to do that you had the audacity to talk about all the time about all the complaints we used to get.
Then all of a sudden you suck on the air and the tapes were a lot better and you had to get I forgot to tell you about that you're good friend Rimmer.
I could have been that my mother.
I heard he told me he was listening when I was on vacation that last time and he heard those shows you did they stop that's what he said.
He said he rather heard the tapes and I said those tapes they stop that's what I said. We could have hockey shows he can come in and do the show while you're on vacation.
No. No. No. No. No. Are you sure?
Yes. But anyway, here's a whole long song that I dance about. Renere here Tom Jicca and Renere is not on the air.
Renere is like a non factor. He's I like Mike Mike's not a bad guy. Mike's you know Mike is what he is. Okay. We got that jacket. He's all fruit up in the corner there.
You know like a like in a ball. You know like he's in the hibernation stage of life. But Mike's not a bad guy.
We had a good time there for about 200 years. It was everything was going along well and then he decided to screw it up because there are much assholes up there in Atlanta.
And I wish Mike all the best. I wish all the talent the best because like I told you on the one guy in the world that told you that once this bullcrap started with five companies owning every goddamn radio station in the world.
It was going to be horrendous for the audience and even worse for those of us who are stuck working in this business and some of us luckily not gone wood.
Luckily some of us just a few of us have been very lucky. Oh God you have no idea to somehow survive to get out of the wrong places at just the right time.
That's that's been the one thing I've done is get out of places just in the nick of time just in the Nickertrugoni. I've gotten out.
Thank you for that. So then at the bottom of this long article at Jika writes about the Reneerie and he starts out by saying Neil Rogers jokes not with standing the New Year's begun the way the old one ended for radio's micrineria lots of possibilities but nothing solid.
Rogers has teasing audience several times when he is about to think about just a joke is it just a joke. I mean anybody should know.
So micrineria is going to be on his radio station although you know.
And then at the bottom of this lengthy column he goes on about Rick and Suds back in the morning like it's kind of an actor talk because Tom H. Rick.
And he goes on they're going to be on clear channel W.I. and Z. And then he says it's a dubious move Rick and Suds have been competing essentially only with WQM tank Goldberg once fired by the same W.I.D. program director who let Reneerie go meaning boy Gary.
Now that's not a shot back for that lawsuit. Is it Tom? Yes. For young males and after the drive in the morning which they did previously without remarkable success they're up against now listen to this and Rick is right about this Rick isn't right very often but Rick Raleigh is right about this time.
Tick a time you little bald handed basket you're a good guy but listen carefully. And by the way Rick you're wrong about one other thing. Tom doesn't like WQM because Neil Rogers is on his station Tom likes this station because all his gambling buddies are on his station.
That's it's all before I came here he loved this station and he was doing fillings on the station like he still does.
And Kaplan Jeff DeForest the Humper those are all Tom's racetrack buddies over at Gulfstream and by the way speaking to being wrong they love Huey newest and the Lewis and the Lewis.
That's right 31,000 people out there at Gulfstream so it was to show you my taste you know you like vanilla ice cream you like Huey Lewis better you than me.
But anyway he says.
Fire by for young males and after in the morning which they previously did without remarkable success they are up against WQM how it's turned on big and about a half a dozen how it's during imitators.
Now and the Rick will grow you know quoted that thing this morning driving the work listening is I will be every day and in right.
Anybody else like a customer of a Zia Howard imitator no who else is on the point while 100 do they have anybody on that you call the Howard imitator no.
Well what are the hot 105 they got a Howard imitator on there no.
Give me some a she or planted whatever that is there somebody impersonating Howard on that piece of crap no so what is this man talking about Bob and Tom are they.
Forget it they got ten times better and Howard you just can't hear him and they can grow.
But see again your like Rick said you're by your Howard's during New York.
By it and Howard's doing great Howard's got big numbers he's making millions of dollars there's no denying that.
But you know you get a little bit tired of every time somebody is on the air doing anything they're a Howard wannabe.
Which is a bunch of horse craft but at any rate Tom.
Okay you're out Tom.
26 you know like I said it's not personal it's business I like Tom jikies been very good to me but you know there's one thing.
26 after 10 at 560 WQA and you know what a bad connection to the internet the internet is like.
No actually Rick had a great line this morning I scored Rick he said that Tom jikies trying to look more and more like Boka Brian every day.
Oh god nice god Rick.
It's Dave.
In Miami tell.
At 560 WQA.
Bill's the garden monocles vagina.
She left out a giggle.
When he makes it we go monocle is not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine.
All right.
Well he don't know where the stocky goes I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human horror.
Damn it.
I looked up plain.
I do know.
2D is.
Downdiom.
Sounds.
Delicious.
The garren herb a gyna She's all mine.
I like that.
I like more people feel that Hillary's been
Made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom, she was born in
Al Gore was doing her with bills old bomb.
Bill's a Garzen Monica's vagina.
She let's out of Gagel.
Every brigand time he makes a wiggle.
Monica is not the kind you can do in,
but behind bodice, garren herb a gyna,
she's all mine.
Oh, candy is there.
Yes, does not serve.
Oh, yeah.
What you got to do is take a sip of riddle.
And put it in a ground.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, now, when you're gone, you're gone.
You're all supposed to have never really realized.
I hate James Taylor.
When you come down to what I always realized,
I hate James Taylor.
1033 at 560 WQM.
Here's the fact that says I'll take your suggestion
and start listening to Rick and Suds tomorrow morning.
I don't listen to the worst team,
but I used to listen to Rick and Suds back on WKYT
and even when they started afternoons again in 1996.
However, I stopped listening because I found Rick to be an
inseparable board discussing stocks in what he thinks are serious issues.
I don't want to hear Rick talking about anything serious.
If he starts again, I'll stop listening again.
Signed Josh with a last name.
So it's signed by a real living and reading person out there who says
it's the flea market, not the stock market, dummy.
That's what he's trying to tell you, Rick.
Get off that stock crap, okay?
By the way, the dollar's up.
So at any rate, here's another fact that says not too long ago,
you were commenting on the fact that some football players were doing something
called the dirty bird.
You said it was foolish and made the jocks look like niggers.
As a result, you received a number of hostile calls from blacks
and whites calling you a racist, ignorant, a jerk, etc.
I agree 100% with your comments on the dirty bird
and I was completely taken aback by the hostility aimed at you by black collars.
You were sticking up for them, but they've been so brainwashed
they don't even be realizing it.
The attitude pissed me off so much that from now on as far as I'm concerned,
if black Americans and their ignorance want to continue putting on a minstrel show
for the white man, then so be it.
Oh, I got to play that.
What does that thing call the minstrel pre-minstrel?
Pre-minstrel, we got to play that today.
The only ones they're hurting are themselves.
Squirm, just live your life and be happy.
That's what I'm doing.
Your hilarious meal found Stephen with a name.
There you go.
Nice going there, Stephen.
Oh!
Like I said, they can call it whatever they want.
They can go silent or it's a different culture.
What it is is a bunch of niggeries, bullcrap,
that just makes people laugh at them and makes people say,
oh my god, look at that, look at that, jive-ass nigger.
I'm telling you, that's what people say.
And you can be, oh, by the way, Pat Summeral is he on the acid again?
He broke his story, man.
Yesterday in the 49ers Packers game,
100 percent, very few people are perfect in life, Pat.
But he blew every single call in that game.
Even when the officials blew that call on the fumble by Jerry Rice,
he got that wrong.
They got it wrong.
They got it wrong.
He got it right.
However, in other words, no matter what was happening out there,
he would tell the office it.
If it was intercepted, he would say it was incomplete.
It was inter-glas, no matter what he did.
And even poor Fat John Madden was too concerned about the stone crabs that they kept showing her.
He was too worried about filaments fat push to straighten Pat out, just unbelievable.
Poor Render's job, Pat.
Here's a lady in Kendall's been under for about an hour and a half.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I forgot to listen to Neil.
I mean, to Rick and Son.
Oh my god, I think you'll have him found one person that had Rick and Son this morning on the worst day.
And I was going to.
I'm stupid talk.
I totally forgot to listen to Neil.
Okay.
And I called to thank you for the ticket.
They sounded just like Rick and Son.
Thank you for the ticket.
And for what ticket?
The full ticket, Stealth and Buffalo.
Not today.
Yeah, by the way, to be a dolphin finn the officials, thank you.
No, not yet.
No, not yet.
Wow, what did you get that was?
Yeah, those are good seats.
You know, you don't use them, I know that.
They are good seats?
Yeah.
Well, that's good to know, just in case I ever changed my mind.
And the tune X, if there was nobody there on the tune X to them, do you know who they are?
No.
Oh, nobody was there on that.
Oh, yes, I do know who those were.
Those would probably be normed Kent stickets.
And he just had an operation so he wouldn't have had.
Okay, but anyway, I really wanted to thank you.
Very welcome.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
And I'll listen to Rick and Son's tomorrow.
All right.
Okay, bye.
Oh, I should have asked you, because I hope she's not a first team listener, because they're going to get really bad out of shape.
He's on the promoted other state.
No, I'm not promoting anything.
All I'm doing is saying that if you don't listen to the worst team, we don't want you listening to a stranger.
You know, there's nothing worse than that.
Huh?
We want you listening to people we feel comfortable with, like, dirty old stocks.
Rick and Spud.
There are 940 on the...
No, seriously, I don't...
I want to be at least one person who sends a few listeners their way.
I just tried to send listeners, like, when Kane came on, even as anxious of an excuse for a human being as I find him to be.
Didn't I, you know, send some listeners his way?
That station, which I can't even...
I don't even know the call letters of.
Do I send some people over there?
They're probably all gone now, but nevertheless.
So that's what I try to do.
There's no paranoia on this show.
I know one of those people that sits around, oh, gee, they might turn on another station.
Because everybody turns on other stations.
Unless there's something out of a moron, like those voicemails we got.
Well, I've been listening to WNQA for 120 years.
And do you vote that guy on...
Well, guess what?
If you don't like that show between 10 and 2, find something else to listen to between 10 and 2.
For Betty, yet, go out and get in a part cheesy tournament or something.
Find a life.
These old, funny, dirty bastards that sit there.
We used to get to an IOD all the time, too.
Because that station had been on the air for, like, 600 years.
Well, I haven't been listening to this station since before.
Bob Green was in it, but I'm going to tell you right now.
Yeah.
Are they listening to it now?
No.
Is anybody listening to it now?
No.
Oh.
Are they getting ready to take that tower down?
Yes.
Boy, like I said, I think maybe the cops people, they must have known about that, you know?
They must have had some insight, the information on that.
No, seriously, on the fact that they were going to give them a permit to build condos there and block off the towers.
And whoever got sucked into owning that station would wind up with that.
With nothing.
I mean, if you got a tower sticking out there in the middle of Biscayne Bay and you surrounded by condos and the towers are area, the signals are going to reach anybody.
What's the point?
You're going to have to shut the thing off the air, right, Rhana?
Oh, geez, poor baby.
She better go out on the street corner and start taking off petitions again.
Right after we get double those petitions for Tim Horton and Doug McLean, then we'll get Rhana out there in a corner taking up more petitions to keep W1OD on here.
Anybody interested?
No.
21 before 11 at 5.
By the way, were there any angloes?
I hate to use that term.
Were there any angloes at that bush fest that they had in Miami over the weekend?
No.
Did you see that on the news?
No.
They had 40,000 or so odd, thousand people out there.
And I don't think there was one word of English spoken there.
No.
There was one dark-complexed singer she got up there that they showed her that clip for a few seconds.
She was a singing in bubonics or something.
But was there like one white anglo-saxon Protestant or Jewish or like a non-Hispanic?
No.
No.
So nice going there, Jeppster.
Of course, he's got a Mexican wife, so what do you expect?
Feel right.
I know someone like to do a lot of sandwich or toast.
Hate, Moss, that skinny chick, the skinny chick.
I know.
You're just fleet.
That's everyone's feet.
You got to lay off the blow.
Hate, Moss, that skinny chick, we want to know what's the deal.
The clothes and drab when you're in rehab.
You're worse than Ali McBeal.
Yeah, I tried to do one lot of birthday.
I didn't know was that good.
It's just short bit.
It's real short.
It's about like that.
He thought it was me.
I thought there was diamond necklace.
I think they were diamonds anyway.
Yeah.
At the party, he pulled them out of his butt and gave them to us.
He pulled them out of his back dome.
Wow.
That's love.
Yeah, that really is love.
That's tough love.
Well, hey, maybe she's into analogue beads.
Who knows?
1043 at 560 WQM.
I've got some big news, boys and girls.
Bigger than that bald head of Tom Jikker wrote in the paper.
Bigger than Terry Jackson wrote about the demise of a whammy.
You know, whole god damn operation over there.
This is unbelievable.
Are you listening, buddy?
Nevens.
No.
No.
Our center one total.
Here it is.
We've tabulated.
We've checked it twice to make sure who's been naughty and nice.
And they said it couldn't be done.
We've broken.
We've smashed all the records.
On this, Nate believe radio station.
Thanks, Sam and Chris, by the way, and don't spit it all in one place for your help.
Center one total.
Are you ready for this?
I think this deserves this deserves everything.
We don't have that fan here for making sense.
We do have that.
Better one total for 1998.
155,843 BUCK.
That is astonishing.
Even I.
Even an old part like me is just ready to forward off the chair.
From seeing that number.
155,843 BUCK.
And you know, if we wouldn't have run out of so much of part one, we'd have probably done 175.
Easy.
Unbelievable.
And you know, the interesting thing you look on here and look it again.
Look it again.
Two weeks in a row.
Or where none, that can't be right.
Can that possibly be right?
I don't understand that.
Or maybe that's a cumulative total.
Well, whatever the hell it is, point and beach and the bulk of it is fantastic.
They did stellar.
Coconut grove did squat.
In fact, they went in there and they took all the merchandise out of the grove store and put it in the other places where we were selling it and took it out to the QAM fan.
So we could raise some money with it because the grove was doing the big, nothing.
Zippity Duta.
Maybe that's one of the reasons we never hear from anybody in the grove is because they're all too busy either doing each other or shooting each other across the railroad tracks or whatever's going on in the grove.
And sure got nothing to do with this show.
But even in spite of that, even overcoming the obstacle of those assholes who live in the grove, we still did 156,000 give or take a few bucks one more the other.
Nice goal and yield.
Thank you.
Okay, it's according to 11. We're still looking for our first people or person or anybody that heard Rick and Suds this morning, two open lines in date, 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
They had a couple of calls while I was listening in that 40 minute period.
A couple of brief calls there.
No, can't know.
Yeah, they did.
Okay, let's go to Hollywood. Hello.
Neil, you got your first one.
Here's the Rick and Suds list of this morning.
Absolutely.
Rick and Suds are the best.
If you could only put full on it.
Don't say that. That's so gratuitous.
You don't really believe Rick and Suds are the best. Do you?
Well, you're the best.
No, I mean, forgetting about me, that's a given.
I love Rick and Suds.
I've listened to Rick and Suds are the best.
Here.
I love them.
If you could only put full on after you and the afternoons, then we'd have it look.
Damn it.
That would be the best.
Happy New Year, Neil.
And thanks a lot.
Okay.
Rick and Suds are both squeezing themselves.
Maybe each other right now because they you just call.
That's good.
That's a good time.
I want to see everybody do well.
I don't want to see the first team out on the street.
Do I?
Oh, come on.
That's your rose.
He's not a bad guy.
And the default with the Cornball Alliance.
Others do guys.
I wish them nothing but the best as far as the other one.
Oh, boy.
You know what I'm talking about?
I just can't deal with that.
I can't.
I can't.
I mean, this is the beginning of our second year.
The first year, I never said one word.
Did I about that morning?
No.
About Kelty?
Did I ever say anything?
No.
About that torpedo sounding ass sucking voice and that the...
How about those panthers, by the way?
Oh, and by speaking of that.
Speaking of that, I've got a new topic for boys and girls.
It's called hockey babies.
You think that those people with a fertility drugs are reproducing like rabbits.
Nobody's reproducing like the people who sit in front of me at the Panther Games.
They're spit now babies like...
I don't know what I think.
You know what I think?
I think because I know they heard my show last week.
When I bitched about the fact that they keep holding little kids up in the air
and they're talking to all their friends and they're blocking my view.
And I can't see the goddamn game.
I know that because they told me they heard it and they tried to make like a joke out of it.
Did it have any impact on them?
No.
Because not only did they have their two little bratty kids,
I think what they're doing now is they drive around the neighborhood.
Hey, anybody want to let us take your kids to the game?
Yeah.
They bring another people's kids to the game.
I mean, she can't be spitting about that fast, can't she?
No.
There were like four kids.
There's grandpa and grandma, mommy and daddy.
And now there's four kids.
So keep this in mind.
That makes eight.
Last time I checked eight people in four seats.
And since that becomes kind of cumbersome.
Now grandpa, he starts sitting in other people's seats in the wrong front of him
and then blocking off people's way and they try to get in.
And of course, this all creates a situation where everybody is standing up in front of me.
And blocking off the view while the game is going on, keep in mind.
See now grandpa, who I understand,
because I heard some stories on you people.
Okay.
I know the inside from your little group of people there.
I know the story behind the story.
Grandpa used to be one of those people back in the first couple of years at the old arena.
He used to be very vocal in screaming people who'd get up or do anything while the game was on.
He used to be one of those people with scream, hey sit on you ass, hold the game is on.
But once you got his grandchildren all of a sudden and they started slipping them along with the game,
does grandpa pay any attention to the game at all?
Maybe once in a while, he'll yell, hey, what are you call that?
And that's basically it.
Because he used to busy bouncing baby up and down and holding the kids up in the air in front of my push.
So you're out of the closet, okay grandpa?
And I'm just here to tell you that what I think we're going to have to do is have a goddamn nursery in the arena.
In the macaroon, it's out of control.
Too many people bring in their punky little kids, and which distracts.
I mean, at that point nobody has paid any attention to the game.
The only thing they do is when they start slinging the t-shirts up and across.
The t-shirts, the yellow shots, then they start getting all excited and jumping up and down.
But other than that, they're just an impediment to people who really want to enjoy the game all two or three hundred of us.
Who don't think Peter Wrell is a great player.
Oh yeah, that's another thing.
Every time that big sparks are touches the puck.
And their crowd just, I mean you would think that they were given away a thousand dollar bills that are falling from the sky.
And it stops like that immediately because of course as soon as he touches it,
somebody poke takes him and he loses the base only got it for like two seconds.
Or else he makes it bad past.
Now the other teams go in the other way.
So it's not an enthusiasm the last very long.
But this crowd is so obsessed.
I'm not sure.
Let's take a poll today.
That's our poll question.
Who do you like better?
Which one do you like better?
Vanilla ice cream, Peter Wrell or Huey Lewis in the news?
Which, no, seriously, that's a good poll question for this show.
Which is your favorite among those three, okay?
God are these people something.
You can't complain about their taste because basically they haven't got any.
But anyway, the baby factory must stop, okay?
And we got let's see a week from a Wednesday, January 13th is the next home game.
Guess who's going to be here on the 13th to play the Panthers?
The Toronto Maple Leafs.
Now listen, I take my hockey pretty seriously.
But when the Maple Leafs are here on Wednesday the 13th,
I'm going to tell you right now if I should be that unfortunate
that I have these particular people in front of me for that game.
I'm going to tell you right now, you'll better have those kids on the ground.
Not like on the floor.
Or there's going to be some real problems at the not so okay range.
I mean, I'm talking about people that just have no consideration whatsoever.
And like I've said before, if they show up like late,
they leave early, they're running around for food, they're running back and forth,
are they paying any the slightest attention to the game?
No.
Why are they there?
Please, somebody, I am begging you, tell me, why are they there?
Is anybody capable of doing that?
No.
Here's a mobile in Coral Springs.
No, you show smoking this morning.
Yes sir, I'm smoking it.
Hey, I was working to get stuff.
I listen to reconflexions this morning.
All right.
That was great.
Even had a real funny joke and I'm going to repeat that these seminars are party tonight.
Yeah, well yeah.
Makes us feel like duty.
Yeah, you just terrific.
And you know, the fact that they don't come on up north here until 7.30 in the morning is no problem.
I don't think they don't come on up north till 7.30.
They can't pick them up.
Well that's right, that's right.
I heard them talking about that.
It's an awful INZ signal before sunrise and after sundown,
which at this time of year cuts them way down.
But it's great.
You listen to Bob and Tom from 6.30.
Right.
Then reconflexions until 10 o'clock and then Neo until 10 o'clock.
Right.
By that time, it's enough radio.
Yeah, that time you need to go smoking good one.
Absolutely.
Okay.
All right.
Congratulations on whatever it is.
There's a guy that listen to reconflexions this morning.
Well, I can't help it if you don't like it.
We have an open line in Broward, 5.67.05.60 and Tom 5.60 on a mobile one line.
It's a great day for, see, those of us, the survivors,
we're going to survive in spite of the Peter Bolders of the world.
It's by the Bob Neils of the world.
It's by the Buddy Bud Paxon.
It's by all of these people.
Rhanna and the Big Bed Wolf.
We're going to survive in spite of all you people out there.
We're still going to fumble our way along and eke out a goddamn living.
Okay.
We're the goddamn radio survivors.
There's the radio assassin and there's the radio survivors.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
Happy New Year to you.
It's good to see you.
I like your show very much.
That's what you said.
Listening around on the dial.
And to be quite frank, there's nothing going on.
It's freaking out.
Have you seen the letters to the internet today?
The crazy people in there again.
And it's about spiritual mapping.
And you don't get better than I give out your address because these crazy people, they're saying,
they're saying, bad prayers.
Don't give out your address.
That's right.
They're making everyone's interested out.
They just do a long distance voodoo chance.
Unbelievable.
Those people don't live in the real world.
Yeah.
Okay. Well listen, have a great New Year.
No.
$155,843 is a Buddy Nevin's got to congratulate us for that.
No.
And by the way, I give some of that myself.
Does he care about that?
No.
No. I just extracted that from my listeners pockets.
I'm like, I'm like, big, good daddy Wayne.
See, I hate to break the news to Buddy Nevin's.
But the entertainment that I give four hours a day on this show, it's free for the audience.
I don't extract one penny from anybody out there to listen to this show.
You listen or you don't listen as much as what you want.
It's free.
Does Wayne provide any entertainment for free?
No.
Is Wayne Billkin, every dime that he can out of the public in his town with his garbage business
and his goddamn sports franchises?
No.
Okay, there you go.
You're a little pro Buddy Nevin, you're not fooling anybody, okay?
You're a little butt-sucking poor.
Here's a lady in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Good, me out.
This show is so great.
Just helpful with spirit, you know, and smoke.
And congratulations on it.
180,000.
That's beautiful.
How much are you?
It's $250,000, yeah.
You're a good name.
$420,000.
The show.
It's a great.
$422,000.
Okay, listen.
I have another one in callison next year.
Callison, though, she's the Y2K problem, by the way.
We have an open line in date.
She's always in coherent by this time.
It's almost 11 o'clock.
You know what I'm talking about?
560, 705, 60, and pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Where we be going next.
Don't forget we got the Mad Dog Mandage coming up for a hang-t of this afternoon to the six-room
of Shulas.
And then at six o'clock, hey, listen, to show you how sports-intensive this guy damn station is,
we got the fiestable of 820 tonight.
FSU in Tennessee.
However, we have a two-hour and 20-minute pregame show for a college bull game.
All right.
How do you like that?
Can you imagine how many spots they're going to squeeze in those two hours and 20 minutes?
Here's boys.
That's going to be something, huh?
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Chronicle over here.
As far as Rick and Sudden are concerned.
Oh, yes.
They're the most boring show.
Okay, good.
Okay, we have an open line in date.
560, 705, 60, and pound.
I mean, if you don't like Rick and Sudden, that's okay, but in his case, it's not okay.
Is it?
No.
No.
What was that?
No.
No.
No.
Thank you for the added little impetus.
560, 560, 560.
You have no credibility.
You're chronic.
Nobody wants to talk to you.
You're like Andy from Hollywood.
You're like a lost out there in space.
You're one of those people.
Even Dickie Farkel wouldn't talk to you.
That's even what's your name.
Even the babbling one.
And they have to know that they wouldn't talk to you.
That's how just you are for attention.
So get lost.
Start picking on my good personal buddies, Rick and Sudden.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
I'm really frustrated.
Reggie.
Of course, he wouldn't know about that.
Yeah, how's Reggie doing with his gamble soup?
They've been losing us today.
They've been losing us today.
They're going to see him anytime soon.
No.
Maybe God, like I'm a said this morning,
I was actually watching I'm a said this morning.
Boy, I must be in a good mood.
He doesn't look at day over 200, you know?
He doesn't look at day over 200, you know?
And it's interesting, but the good lines on that show,
and it's interesting, but the good lines on that show,
he never comes up with a good line.
The sports guy had some good lines this morning.
He was funny.
And I'm just, it's there and just repeats the obvious.
I'm all hoot playing tonight.
I'm playing tonight.
In fact, I must really should have been a ventriloquist.
He doesn't even move his lips.
Well, he speaks.
Have you noticed that?
I don't think he's got the energy to move his lips.
He just sits there kind of like a const over like this
with that leather jacket on me.
Who'd learn to get in the form of a thing going on?
And they love him, man.
They love him.
He's a cult of happening in New York.
What was that?
Did you hear that?
What's that you?
Popping.
I didn't, I wasn't saying anything.
How can you pop without saying anything?
I didn't turn up on the drugs and, lady.
Oh, that was the drunken lady again?
Is there that sound again?
Hey, you've just taken a lot of pictures.
The kids opening their presents to family gathering for dinner.
Maybe even want to santa sneaking in through the chimney,
right after those totes.
These are precious memories you want to cherish forever.
So why would you even think about taking them to a film
to a drugstore supermarket?
You have to be nuts.
Don't you memories deserve the best film developing in town?
Don't you memories deserve Wolf Camera?
And Wolf Camera, your photography is their only business.
Wolf's photo lab associates are highly trained to ensure
that your pictures are the best they can be.
Lots of places use Kodak paper, but Wolf they use Kodak Royal paper.
The best photographic paper that money can buy.
And it's not available at most drug stores or supermarkets.
And since every Wolf store has got their own one-hour lab,
your film never even leaves the store.
Who knows where the drug stores and supermarkets can take your film off to be developed?
God only knows and even he's wondering.
So for all your holiday memories, in fact for all your memories all the time,
take your film where I take mine.
The photo experts at Wolf Camera have a wonderful new year from everybody at Wolf.
The photo experts in South Florida, in fact the expertise, it's always free.
To find a wolf location nearest by you, call them toll free.
It's one triple eight six four four wolf.
Where do you find Jim Mandage?
Right where you got it?
Sports radio five sixty QAM.
The Neil Roger Show.
Now on five sixty WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Neil Rogers got.
Are you ready for the hot-up on the edge?
Toilet tissue to ever hit your ass that you're ready for XPP.
Extreme toilet paper.
This ain't your typical two-ply.
It's heavy duty to handle the heaviest duty you can throw at it.
We're talking super-charged turbo-plied corrugated cardboard with an attitude.
We're talking the enterprise.
First of all, you're right.
You're not going on.
We're talking over the top and up your butt.
Can you handle it?
XPP.
It's not just tissue.
It's an utterly gnarly rad to get away to take care of business that'll lead you
to gripping the edge of your toilet seat.
Extreme toilet paper.
When you want to do more than just wipe.
You want to wipe out.
It's 11 o'clock at five sixty WQAM Happy New Year to you.
First show of the New Year.
Now, whatever happened to that good Christian lady.
Remember she told me that I was going to be off by the end of the year.
She must have been talking about the TV show.
Oh!
There you go.
Maybe that's maybe she was psychic.
Terry Jackson writes in the anxious Miami-Herald.
Show's shift.
Roger's departs as when he goes to evenings.
The news schedule begins today in the most noticeable absence.
It's near that night.
A video version of shock radio host near Roger's midday call-in program on WQAM 560AM.
The TV program has been canceled after a contentious run in which Roger's publicly
heat scored on the station for a tantalink of a show.
Oh!
Was it differently sold by the way?
I mean, the show was in the whole station.
It's been in reruns for like two months.
Have we heard one word from many of those good friends of ours over there in that two months?
No.
After Fat Joe came in for a free meal at one day?
No.
No, that's it.
That was the beginning and all that.
Our good close personal friend Rob Kaplan did he ever even bother calling us to tell us,
or by the way, January 4th to the day they're pulling the show off?
No.
No.
You know, that's how that whole deal went.
They're out there making a living.
I understand that.
I mean, talk about Bush League.
That station fits in this town just like a proctologist, rubbered finger fits in your record.
So just perfect man, it's a perfect fit.
Wemmy, fits in here.
It's ideal for this town.
It's as Bush League as it gets.
You can't find a better bush than that except those 43,000 people downtown who were like,
uh, yellow boos, boos, all weekend long because they were getting free booze or whatever they're getting over there.
Man.
That means all you needed is, where's the front page?
Here it is.
Fiesta for jet bush.
And you look at that picture on the front page.
Is there one person in there who is not a banana boat person?
No.
No.
Every single, here's what is what, here's the girl taking a picture of photo opportunity.
RS Sellies, R.A.
On TV.
What, what kind of a name is that?
R.A. On TV?
Well, just George just killed another aunt.
Oh!
All right.
So if that, if the exterminators listening, thanks for the free job.
But not too good of a job, Evan.
What's the beginning of exterminators, by the way?
How's your good friends?
And I emphasize.
Yeah, I fell off the earth.
Huh?
I think he's back in Costa Rica.
Maybe he went back to Costa Rica for some of those young girls.
Too much comedy with those young girls, you know, I'm San Phil.
Maybe he ran off at the lawn guy.
Well, I can't get to return my call to you.
Who's Scott?
Yeah.
Scott did a nice job in my place.
Planted those panties or whatever those damn things are.
See, Scott takes care of me.
You'll come down the road, walking about the end of May when it starts getting 90 out there
and whatever he plant dies right away.
That's when he'll come by and give you an offer you can't refuse.
So the land we think is over.
Thank God, man.
Maybe now I can go to public without being accosted by all these people out there.
Oh, Nea, we want you to show out.
Yeah, great.
I don't do a TV show.
I do a radio show.
This is where all my money comes from.
Okay.
We don't care about that goddamn stupid TV show.
No.
And it awful God forsaken thing.
And then the best part of this, they were running reruns for months.
And I was talking about stuff that happened ages ago.
I mean, talk about even more outdated than those best stuff tapes we used to play.
And my vacations here on a radio.
And I like I come at the hockey game one item.
The usher system.
Oh, you're going to be able to leave in time to get back to do the show.
Meaning to get back to like he thinks I said, no, those are on tape.
Oh, oh, they're on tape.
You know what I'm talking about?
How Joe to measure just it is in his 56 consecutive game or something like that.
Stuff that's a little bit dated.
Oh, that's a tape.
Oh, I didn't know that.
See, they're too busy watching the armor because it's on television.
They don't have any idea what I'm talking about, which is the problem right from the beginning.
All those great visuals that were put in there, you know, it was a real, real success.
Here's a sunrise. Hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir. Happy Monday.
I just wanted to start by saying happy new year and congratulations on your anniversary from last week.
Thank you.
And listen to my friends Rick and said this morning.
Start looking.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You sounded bummed out about it, but you don't sound too excited.
Well, I feel they're turning on.
You know, I got, you know, the stock report and everything.
I don't know.
Somebody please tell Rick they care about the flea market, not the stock market.
Yeah, the media, you know, am radio has just gone to hell.
You know, it was great.
You know, when Rick and Sards and you and, uh, and Henry were on.
Yeah, but wait, yeah, but wait a second.
Yeah.
Yeah, right.
And to top that off last week, I also got to listen to Brooke.
Oh, and I wonder, I knew there had to be a reason you sounded to be pressed.
She is enough to make any self-respecting human being commit the hairy carry immediately.
Well, about the only message I had for her is, uh, for me.
In fact, every time I see Brooke, I think, holy cow, but anyway.
Brooke, keep away, keep away from the microphone.
You big MF.
Right.
Well said.
Thank you, sir.
There you go.
They hate Brook Daniels like poison.
She's a real jetty of not just New York, uh, sounding thing and, uh, she's abroad.
Yeah, that's right, Pete.
You've got a real eye for talent, Mr. Bolger.
You wouldn't spot a talent if they, if they spotted your...
Beckham.
Man.
She's abroad.
Yeah, he ran into the world, and had a kingdom on a job.
Okay.
Well, isn't that what they sell at their kingdom, retreads?
Oh, that's bad.
That was really bad.
Is Tar Kingdom a sponsor on this station?
Well, if not, then, uh, we have an open line at Broward, 5667-0560,
pound 560 on a AT&T wireless line.
In fact, Jooka had a good shot at, uh, the career channel, people.
Talking about some of the, uh, talent or no talents that they put on the air and back and forth,
and I don't know if like Greg, like church, he's gone.
Who else did they can?
My church got canned.
Oh, and, uh, Kevin Courtney got canned.
Remember that time they put them on the weekends and I would, and he started gratuitously ripping me?
See, that's one thing that people, when they put them on for the first time in this market,
whether they're from in town or out of town.
They feel that either they will copy me and suck my ass on here, or they'll rip me an ass.
But somehow, if they're at the center around Neil, that's somehow they'll succeed.
Does it ever work?
No.
In other words, have your own act.
Like Phil Henry came in, he had his own act.
It had nothing to do with me, and miraculously, uh, everybody loved Phil Henry.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year, sir.
Lobster turd and more.
Um, that's, that's, that's on the menu.
Lobster turd and more.
That's what it says.
Who's Daniel's is stealing everybody's drop.
Written.
Yeah, her wrist bitching about the fact she's full of fanfare.
Next she's going to be stealing the, uh, drop into theirs.
But she's still, you've heard she's still here.
No, you've been known.
Cuban, I don't have a Cuban one.
I got Larry King.
No, that one.
She's stealing Larry King.
Well, see, the stuff is still on the computer over there.
So she's so shameless, she's still using our stuff over there.
No, that would be like my using Rick and Sud.
You'll be left, you know, shameless, brook you crazy bitch.
I know.
I've been playing a big, I just wanted to wait.
Now you listen this morning.
I listen.
All right.
And, uh, no, they were a little slow.
I think they're slow out of the gate, but I think, um, I think they'll be fine.
Howard's got 20 minute commercial breaks.
Right.
There's plenty to, uh, exactly.
I mean, even if you only listen during the commercial breaks, that's 18 or 20 minutes.
They can pick up every, uh, half hour.
That's okay.
And have a great one.
Whatever you said.
Yeah, they're a little slow.
And of course, I think they're also in shock with the fact they almost lost their job.
And Rick had to go in there and beg to be put on the morning, get in which I know they don't like getting up in the mornings.
But, you know, it's a survival thing.
You got to survive.
You got to eat.
You got to feed your family, okay?
That's what it's all about.
And Reneerie is absolutely right.
He says a couple of, uh, where the hell is that line in there?
A couple of people on all of stations.
They can put you out of business anytime they want.
It's what Reneerie says.
Along with Uga Boga.
That's what he says.
And you're right.
Right on target, Mikey.
When the Cox people dumped on Mike Reneerie, that's when they dumped on the whole station and they wound up dumping on themselves.
They took a big dump right in their own pants.
The corporate pants took a gigantic crap is what they did.
And at the same time, you know, left a little out there for the whole audience to enjoy too.
You could smell the aroma.
I had to do a Zorro up your window on that day.
And you could smell the aroma, especially the way they did it.
Bob Green calls me in there this morning.
And on that morning was a Friday morning.
I'll never forget it as long as I live.
I was excited to make a change.
We're going to let Mike go.
You know, calls me in the course.
I can't say anything.
And I go in here and I watch the end of the Reneerie show.
And he gets up and gets his bottle and his, uh, thermos and sculpts out of there.
And just as he's leaving, oh, while Bob Green would like to see, okay.
And it's it.
They give him the news.
They're going to pay him off for the next year and a half or whatever.
In fact, do you remember he had just signed?
He had just signed a new deal for another year or something like that.
To show you what geniuses they are over there.
And they wonder why they could make any money with that station.
They just signed him to a new deal like two months before.
Well, we're going to pay off.
Mike, go home and go play golf and go fishing ahead of the time.
And I saw him, a skulk out of there.
I could see him walk down the hallway through the glass windows.
There I could see him, a skulk out of that building.
But that, you know, look on his push.
Like, what the hell did I just do?
Did I do a real bad smelly one or something?
And did they even let him come and say goodbye to the audience?
No.
After, after 17 years doing mornings on that radio station, 17 years of today in history
and the Almanac and Uga Buga and the birthday list, did they let him say goodbye to the audience?
No.
That's the way this business usually works, okay?
You come in, you get up four in the morning and take a hit out of your vodka bottle
and you go in there and try to do the best goddamn job you can.
And is there any gratitude at all?
No.
Don't even let him say goodbye.
And of course, I'm sitting there holding the bag like, you know, what do I do now?
Squeezing the old bag.
Oh, by the way, squeezing the bags, speaking of that, what do I do with that story about the gay gourmet?
Here it is.
The price tag for settling sexual abuse charges against Jeff Smith, public television's fruity Afrugal gourmet,
was more than $5 million according to court's document.
How do you like that?
That's five big ones.
Oh my God.
That's what he said he had five big ones.
The terms of the settlement, which were not disclosed at the time it was reached in July, were confirmed by Ed Winskyl,
Smith's attorney, according to the Oregonian newspaper in Portland.
Smith agreed to the settlement just before a civil trial was to begin in July, in which seven men accused Smith of sexually molesting them.
Most of them were teenage employees from 1973 to 1981.
The settlement included no apology or admission of wrongdoing from Smith.
But when there's five big and bucks involved, I'm sure they all said, we'll take the money.
Thank you and the apology can wait.
It's a ride.
I am not.
I'm not safe.
We've all set clean and frozen the south.
We've died on heat, dried, spotted out.
We love to slay the dirt in the campaign.
We pray a lot in church, a lot of food to next best merch.
And let them all only use it at the frame.
Jesse tells his honest act.
He hates a nice guy, got the black and all the Joneses are new.
We've got a good coach today.
We saw the elves above, on the south and the hundred clubs.
And I think that happy-cannot was his name.
We mean we're right.
And we need a change.
We find a portion of clean and frozen we've lost our toll.
We're mostly wise and sperm retention.
Oh, here's our thing, man.
Here's it, our trust, we mean we're right.
Yeah, we all again dress the same.
And hate the game and cheat the same.
And fear the thing that we don't understand.
All the things that makes it mixed in was like a...
Well, his face could stop above.
So I think we all should give up and take a hand.
All right.
And 96 will be in swing and beat the dims like a rock making.
Well, something red and blue just keeps the white.
A little embossed that has strayed just don't let it near your face.
And for this noble book for him to cry.
I mean we're right.
And need a change.
We find a portion of clean and frozen we've lost our toll.
Where you fudged back.
And sperm retention.
Quartz, quartz.
We mean we're right.
I've been 15 to 5.50 WQAM.
So Greg, we've just got to say,
and the door tells me an astonishing piece of radio news.
Quartz channel broadcasting, the same ones that have screwed up for IOD and IZ.
You name it.
They've owned 600 stations in this market alone and in Palm Beach County.
They got an FM up there in Palm Beach County.
I don't know which one is.
They are a simulcasting gloves 94 on that station.
Oh my God.
See what I'm talking about?
So God damn cheap.
And they don't care about ratings.
All they care about is if they own 48,000 stations in a market.
If they have like a 0.5 on each one of them,
it adds up to something and they have enough cum that they can sell.
And they can squeeze some money.
In other words, do it as cheaply as possible.
Squeeze some money out, which is basically why you got almost all syndicated programming on there.
The only live show is left on stupid talk in this market.
Is Rick and putt in the morning there and then the afternoon will set.
That shouldn't even count.
So like I said, they're the only real live show on it.
And everything else is syndicated.
They got time to like us on there and that bitch, Dr. Laura and fat ass who went out with the nickers and the high button shoes.
Nice job over there.
One I realize she's got a keeper job to you know she and Mike got a pay for the motorcycle and all the other good craft.
But I mean, Jesus Christ, what kind of a horror industry is this?
We were always prostitutes before, but now.
Now we're getting right in the same league.
There is a Kevin Brown.
We don't have a goddamn red light flashing out in front there.
Not just the red light that says, you know, we're on the air.
We're up on this is a horror house business is what it is.
Who said that wasn't that his name Nelson said that in the network.
He doesn't fancy himself as president of a horror house network.
Sit on Nelson. You're out of your outrage.
You'll be do we know that tomorrow is whatever none.
Remember that when they were having lunch there at that fancy shmanti hotel, which I'm sure they couldn't afford the bill.
And you be yes.
What is he talking about?
Here's the mobile and Cooper city.
Hello.
Good morning.
How you doing?
Great. Happy New Year.
And the same to you sir.
Hey, on your poll question, I'll take you to the 98.
I'll take you.
We lose on your poll question.
Okay.
You must have been a big success over there.
Gouster in 31,000 people.
They were packing them this weekend.
I couldn't believe when I looked in the paper.
Shocked a lot of me.
Yeah, man.
These are well.
And I'm telling you that people just don't understand this guy can't skate.
He can't handle the pocket.
He can't shoot.
I don't know.
He's great.
I don't understand why they got him up there when they can get somebody else up there can contribute.
The paper this morning says we're interested in Pavel Bory, but we might have to give up Robbie Needobar and Edger.
But I'll see.
I say, if there's any chance, I say put them both on a bus immediately and get number 10 down here like right away.
Oh, absolutely.
At least we got Ty Dohmie.
And you know, at least he can hit me.
He can shoot.
He can now get on the 11 or 12 points.
He's got four goals.
Seven assists.
He's a real hockey player.
He's not just a Goune that goes out there that can't skate.
Right.
Absolutely.
As far as the kids I was looking at your section Friday, New Year's, and I see that big family there.
I say I don't think they should be allowing these kids in the sea with their parents.
They got four seats and they have eight people, eight human beings sitting in four seats.
What kind of crap is that?
And then they're holding the babies up in the air and pocking around with them and in and out to take them to the turlant.
Whatever they do.
I'm going to tell you something.
These people, this family, mommy and daddy and grandma and grandpa, and there are 25 little kids that they got.
They have destroyed whatever enjoyment I might have of hockey if then the amacarina.
I agree with you.
I can overlook the escalator being broken again.
I can overlook the fact you can never see the red light come on it from where we sit on the two twice then.
I mean, I don't like those things, but I can live with it.
But I can't live with having inconsiderate people standing up in front of me and holding up little kids and knowing that I pissed off about it.
And they still don't care.
Yeah, because they're used to their stupid.
They don't know nothing about the game.
I can't say anything.
There's a little fraternity group of theirs with people that are just there to socialize in schmooze.
And if you might happen to be interested in the game, well, that's your problem, Mr.
I'm not renewing my tickets unless they get to play the back wall because I got a kid that kicks me in the back of the head.
Isn't that right?
I love it.
And before the Carolina game, somebody came over to me and was carrying on.
I mean psychotically about how horrible because he lives in Palm Beach County in Bokeh.
I guess how impossible it is to get out of there with a parking situation after the game unless you have preferred parking which thank that I do.
He said it's a he has to leave every game early no matter what the score is not because he wants to leave it because getting out and getting on to this
sawgrass is virtually impossible.
Well, we figured out we bite that all the medias that are telling us where to park and we go all the way over to the right when we come here on sunrise.
Yeah.
And then when we come out of there, we're just right close to that express there and how we go.
Good for you.
Perfect.
Okay.
Okay, see you around me.
I mean, Sperson changed Mr.
We have an open line at Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Everything that Mixelow said before we left here today was right.
By the way, do you think I was a little tough on Mitch?
Well, seriously, he's a good guy.
We like Mixelow's don't we?
Yes, but he blew up like a goddamn somebody stuck a bicycle pump in his any recto.
And he got on the scale.
He was 272.
Now, grant you he's six one or whatever the hell is but 272.
And when your face starts getting fat and you've shaved all your hair off to like extend your way to fatness,
he used to be very spelled.
Yeah, he was never I mean, he you know, like all of us, he said is ups and downs, but he was never like a tub.
And now he's getting to be a tub and you worry about guys getting in the middle age, who start getting to be tubby, especially Jews like Mitch Lewis.
Oh, you know, our numbers are dwindling rapidly because all the Jews are marrying goyem.
We can't afford to have another Jew take another hit.
You know what I'm saying?
Oi!
Are we just took another hit?
Okay, let's go to sunrise.
Hello.
Good morning and happy new year.
And back to you sir.
Yeah, I did listen to Rick and Sons.
I hear some other Rick and Sons listeners that come out of the woodworking.
Well, you know what? They're only coming out of sunrise though it seems.
Well, it's probably the only place they can pick him up in Broward.
Well, you know what?
They're lousy first thing in the morning.
I mean, it's terrible.
And then when they switch the power.
Oh, you're talking about the power.
I thought you meant to show the way you said that.
And you know what? You're right.
They are starting out slow.
They usually do switch time slots.
Yeah.
And well, don't forget just a culture shock of getting up for the first time in years
at three o'clock in the morning and whatever that is.
I mean, that's, believe me, I did that year on Zeta in the morning.
I would never do it again under any circumstances.
I've done it myself. It's ridiculous.
And also, I've noticed the last, I guess about four months.
Have you noticed that suds have started chime in more?
Uh-huh. Thank God.
They're active, far in the show.
I did hear a few funny lines. Rick had one or two.
But most of the stuff that I thought of using with suds as usual, you know,
he doesn't say much, but when he does say something, it's usually some of them using.
And he says a lot more lately, he has in the past.
Well, he's going to have to because they have no help in there.
I mean, I really believe the sure how naive I am in knowing how cheap clear channel is.
I really thought that when Rick made that deal to go to the mornings again,
that he wouldn't go in there and naked.
You know, just him and suds and Adam with nothing.
And then I noticed they got that broad, that traffic service.
And she, the spot break ends and she comes super top, super, super top.
She must have tried the six times to like figure out when they were like rejoining.
I mean, talk about embarrassing.
And then she talks about the guy that drove through Wayne Arnold's on a corner of 441.
Did you notice that?
How come they didn't pick up on that?
That it was Wayne Arnold's.
That the only real castle left in the world.
Right. I don't know.
I don't know.
We didn't even know Wayne had a drive through.
Neither did he until this morning.
Nice going, Airway.
I think half of it is Rick's sick today.
Oh, is that it?
He's got a cold.
Well, everybody is sick.
I still got this thing where I'm, I don't have a temperature,
but my ears and my head feel like warm.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yes, I do.
It feel hot, but I don't have any temperature.
So I'm going to go to the doctor.
They just are the hell of it.
They're even though I know he's going to tell me what he was wasting your time here for.
But everybody has got it.
It's, it's, it's like crap.
My, my sister has gone through four courses of antibiotics.
And she's still got it.
Yeah.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah, I feel like garbage.
Nobody can do like a little dizzy and head achy and just, you know,
I had that feeling of a little nausea.
And as well as being here again.
That's healthy.
That's right.
Okay, pal.
All right, take care.
Have a great day.
You too, bye-bye.
Okay, we got Rick and Subs came back and ignited radio again in this market.
How about did it?
Is that what did it?
No.
How about that whammy thing, huh?
At least Terry Jackson, I'll say this much for you.
Terry over there at the, here.
At least Terry Jackson like that, Neil and I, he knew it had possibilities.
If they ever put anything into that show, what did they do?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy New Year, first time caller.
First column of the year from Fort Myers.
Oh!
Happy New Year.
I'll tell you why I'm calling.
I've got a very bad predicament here.
I've got some friends from Buffalo that came here to see the football game.
Oh, yeah.
And they can't, don't blame us.
Blame the officials, okay?
Well, and they can't fly back to Buffalo right now because they're snowed in.
So they're still stuck here.
Yeah.
So what I lose for you.
What is a Buffalo fail?
Well, what I was wondering was, and you're starting to read my mind, could you play that song
for them since they're stuck here?
The Buffalo Bill guy's singing to the doll.
Well, Buffalo has the football team.
The greatest in the land.
Everybody thinks that great.
I say really, huh?
The Buffalo Bill's not enough for what?
What, she what I mean?
So just sing along.
When you say my amy, when you say Buffalo, and you're the death, Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills.
Okay.
The greatest team in the history of human race, the Buffalo Bills.
The greatest team.
St. Sly spread and can be a...
Yeah, there you go.
And your chance up that redneck stuff.
Listen to that banjo.
Holy sweet god listen that.
When you say Buffalo Bills, it don't sound so redneck you do it.
Everybody's singing along now.
How you feel, fan?
Here we go.
Well, the Buffalo Bills are the best team.
They have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl for a heart times, which is what I can say for this,
it comes like a vision.
And they're the greatest.
Like they be like their uniforms.
They share his hell beat their heck out of having a fish on the helm,
because they're that Buffalo homebills.
The best football team, what I ever seen, in the history of my life, they are the Buffalo Bills.
The Buffalo Bills.
The homogen Kelly, the greatest quarterback in the league.
Yeah, everybody's that Buffalo Bills.
Yeah, the Buffalo Bills.
And they've been around, walking in the stinkin' rotten fish.
Well, they're the Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills.
What would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish?
Okay, thanks for the light Christmas present there, all the officials.
By the way, South Florida, thanks you profusely.
And then of course the officials blew it in the 49er game yesterday.
Jerry Rice with a fumble.
Oh, that's no fumble, we didn't see it.
And they'll replay.
But I'll tell you one thing.
We're sure and I see those Reggie White and the Packers take it right up the old...
Correct, though, but they probably had a lot of practice there.
You don't think that Steve Young is one of those...
Do you hear me?
Oh, God.
Right, you should let me out of San Francisco right away.
Too many faggot out here, let me out of here.
Too many chinks and too many faggot out here.
27 after 11, I'm seeing how I'm gonna sneeze.
Okay, I got this.
I got it.
Whatever it is.
Oh, I'm gonna sneeze.
I feel like flui.
I feel achy-breaky.
Ben, go, get away from the ball, motherfucker.
Viagra.
It's Viagra.
When my weiner goes lamp, it's Viagra.
Small ones, tiny ones, it brings it back to life.
It's the best present I could get my sweetie wife Viagra.
It's Viagra.
Fort Fort.
The pill that's out of sight.
Come on, God!
Viagra.
It's Viagra.
Yeah, makes my weiner stand on it.
It's Viagra.
Take her away, God.
Hey, you pill, want to grow?
You should see my fast sex all night long.
Think I even got a rash.
Viagra.
Viagra.
The pill that's out of sight.
Don't let home without you.
I have a 31 at 5.60 WQM, so the good news in weinerels is that even though that jackass drove his car through the right through the middle of the restaurant.
Or something like that.
Because I heard that thing this morning about how it came to rest in a perpendicular fashion in the car too.
But in spite of that, they got it all cleaned up.
They are open for business.
They got their newly burgers and weinerels who are all castle burgers and all the good stuff.
So there you go, that's a good news.
And what did you say no gas escape?
Is that it?
Well, when a car comes bustin' like right through the middle of your establish,
then you have to be worried about releasing too much gas.
So go on down the way and let's say, oh thank God you're still here.
Thank God we still got one where I'll castle once you're back to the old and golden days.
Here's Miami, hello.
Miami.
Hello?
Yes sir.
Hi Neil.
How you doing?
I got to tell you my wife was injured and we had to fit in the handicaps.
She said the Panther game for the Washington caps.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
So we were kinda right behind you.
And I was amazed how polite you were sitting there with those people jumping up and talking to people in front of you.
And I just went, I can't believe Neil Rogers is not saying stuff like that.
Well I mean we're almost to the middle of the season and I think I've been pretty damn nice about it up until now.
But you finally reached a saturation point where even when people, when you know that they've heard you talking about it
and you're trying to make someone over the joke, the joke is off.
It's not a joke anymore.
The time has come for these people either to get the hell out of there and hang out in the hallway or somewhere or hang out on a bus stop
and stop, you know, impeding the enjoyment of whatever's going on out there.
Even if it's not that enjoyable.
Well I just, I heard you this morning talk as first time I'd heard you mention it and I just had to ask because I, when I saw them in front of you, I couldn't believe you were fucked up.
I'm sure they're performance of the Carolina game.
I keep looking around for the hidden camera.
I keep waiting for Alan Funtaker running out of the stands and saying, hey Neil, let's just joke you're on a candid camera.
Because nobody could intentionally be that stupid and that inconsiderate to keep holding kids up in the air and waving them around.
Like they're like props.
I feel sorry for these little kids.
They're shaking them around like props in the air.
I can't believe yourself control. You sat there at that capital game and didn't say a word to them.
I'm shocked.
Well that's when, like I said, especially with the opponent when my Leafs come in here a week from Wednesday, all they got to do is one bad fart and it's going to be all over.
I'll call the Usher and have a Maltzron out. All 45 of them.
Good for you and have a happy New Year.
And back to you.
Yeah, I mean, it comes enough point where enough is enough and I understand that I'm in a small minority there that most of you show up and enjoy it in the places packed game after game.
Most of the people are there to smooth into a show how dumb they are about the game.
Fine, that's okay.
But just let me enjoy whatever I'm there to see, which is usually the game.
I mean, I might look around to see some other stuff too, but that's beside the point.
Let me enjoy that too.
Don't run so fast.
We have an open line at date, five six seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So everybody's got this.
I think it's something.
It's going around.
Maybe Castro is responsible for you.
Think so.
Yeah, I think he unleashed some kind of crap spread the word over there and run you a mom B.
Okay.
That Castro has unleashed some kind of a biological attack and all of South Florida and I'll be running around going like that.
Because you know how much it takes a lot to get those people hysterical old abdominal park Cuban takes a lot to get them worked up to a frenzy.
Here's Tamura. Hello.
Hello there.
Yes, sir.
Happy New Year.
And back to you.
I feel bad for you as far as the children go.
We cannot go to a restaurant.
You can't do anything in this town anymore without people on a Saturday night or it doesn't matter what day it is or what time is.
You can't go anywhere without people screaming kids.
How about if we chat?
Do we, you know, all the toss in a few bucks for a babysitter sounds good.
Well, yeah, we didn't take our daughter out until she was two and a half and well and of course had to be well behaved.
We had to do this or we didn't go out.
We can go out 10 o'clock and nine or Saturday night and the kids are running through the restaurants.
We weren't 20 elegant plates on the east side of town for our anniversary.
Yeah, there were two kids that were crawling on the table.
The plates were very fancy hotels.
They said they couldn't turn them away.
But they gave them a booth like in the front of this restaurant.
And it's our anniversary and it's just we were all arrived and then I hear you story with the Macarena there.
Right.
And it's just horrible.
I mean, keep in mind that up until last Wednesday the Carolina games, these people had brought two of their kids.
I don't know if these are all their kids.
I find it hard to believe.
I don't know.
Now all of a sudden the two as multipletists become four kids and of course these kids they don't pay for an extra seat.
So they're sitting on mommy's lap, daddy's lap, grandma's lap and grandpa's lap.
So you got eight people in four seats and even though the kids are relatively well behaved, you know,
when you're there for three and a half hours, little kids get fidgety, even adult kids fidgety.
And you know, they're squirming around and they're holding them up in the air.
It's like holding up a sign in front of your face that says we aren't going to let you watch the goddamn game.
Unbelievable.
Had you paid any big money for that?
You can't enjoy the event.
Well, I'm not thank god if I mean the station gets me my tickets but somebody's paying big bucks for it.
And regardless of who's paying for it, I make the effort to go over there to drive all the way up two and a half minutes for my house to drive over there because I want to see the game.
And we're in our late 40s, our kids 20 now, too. She's kidding me more.
We want to live in a place that doesn't allow children.
Yeah, I'm going to hold this right there.
I guess I'm getting old enough that I finally am starting to identify with those people who don't want bread.
If somebody else is bread, you little kids, but you do realize the hypocrisy that goes on, it's just like grandma and grandpa that used to scream before people would get up and block their view.
But now that it's their grandchildren, they're felling.
See, they're holding them up and they're, you know, then it's okay. It's like the people in the condos that don't want any kids living in there.
But when it comes that time of the year and the summertime every year and their little bridey grandkids coming here, then it's a real, a wonderful thing.
Oh, yeah. When it's your beloved.
Right. That's right.
One last thing, you've been playing the Buffalo Bill thing and you inspired me to receive a movie, a balance of the lands.
Yeah.
It's one of the, what really I think one of the all time great movies.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I almost fell out of it. I didn't remember that scene.
When you see it again, you will what your pants. You do need June Allison in the pen.
Oh, it makes the bit that much better. Everybody ought to receive the movie.
Great. Have a happy new year.
Back to you.
Okay. There he goes. There's another guy who's sick and tired of you people with your punky little kids.
Okay. Everybody in a whole to a point. Most people are going to reproduce. They're going to have their little kids.
You don't take your little kids and use them as props and weapons to piss off other people who are spending their money or somebody else's money to try to get a great meal or watch a ballgame or some kind or whatever the hell it is that they're doing.
I say there ought to be a goddamn law is what they're ought to be kids under five out unless you got you know they do this thing with smokers and non smokers.
You got to have a special smoking section. How about a special section for people with ready little kids.
It's like on a plane. You go to Europe. You spend thousands of dollars to buy a you know a business class or first class ticket.
And here's some asshole over there sitting across the house got a little kid sitting in there in first class.
What you can handle that if you're just flying you know up north for a couple hours but you're on a guy to eight and a half hour intercontinental flight.
And here's somebody over there sitting in you know up front and I don't know how that works either. Do they have to pay full fare for a pretty little kid.
It's done something with age. Yeah so how about if it well of course obviously the younger it is usually the more annoying it's going to be because little babies I hate to break the news to you.
They cry. I know that's a great revelation to many of you little babies cry. And they can their pants like that one little kid I put you the story.
I'm trying to think where we were coming back from I maybe was Toronto that one weekend a month or so ago and we're coming back and the oh no I guess it was coming back from Vegas.
And the little kid there and he wasn't a little tiny kid he was like seven or eight years old and old enough to know better.
Pudgey little kid he goes up there to take us in the first class dumpster okay that's that's fine everybody's got to do it a little later.
But the problem is he doesn't close the door when it comes out and evidently he didn't you know that little button you're supposed to push inside they're like Chris you know you know I'm talking about that just where is that damn thing.
That sucks everything out of there I mean like with tremendous suction thank God like an enormous vacuum I mean everything just gets fucked out of it.
But if it happened he didn't press the little button and he also didn't close the door and we're sitting there all of a sudden everybody started to get like nauseous like oh my God what is that.
And John says that he didn't close the door and John runs up there and signs that were shutting all of a sudden oh my God now we can breathe what am I higher.
See it's not the kids fault it's the parents let me say it again everybody is a kid at some time okay most most people are kids sometime not all this most.
But it's the God damn parents fault that perpetuate this kind of crap and let their kids just run rampant like they do in the goddamn supermarket or like this guy's talking about in a restaurant.
And this is America where everybody breathes everybody breathes I say let me say it again two words not just the NH there's three words we got two more words for 1999 before we get to the big armageddon next year forced sterilization.
And then we went ahead this you know the people with the octoplets and the nine tuplets and the ten tuplets and the twelve tuplets because they're taking too many tablets.
It's 1141 at 560 WQAM.
And video stores everywhere from the people who brought you the Google gourmet cooks with wine.
Yes the frugal gourmet cooks with boy.
Yes the frugal gourmet cooks Italian.
He's a little man.
I have some lovely sausage for you.
The frugal gourmet cooks Chinese.
Today I'm going to make some young guy.
And of course the frugal gourmet cooks Greek.
Yes it's your warm and fuzzy old friend the frugal gourmet like you've never seen him before.
He may be frugal with his money but not with his stuff.
The frugal gourmet cooks with boys only 1995 the video store near you and don't forget coming next fall it's the frugal gourmet cooks with malt liquor.
You know the status part of the whole thing that was the only show I ever watched on PBS the frugal gourmet I like that show.
Because he used to use you know he was in Milan he was in Rome he was you know somewhere in Italy most of the time.
And you know other places in Europe but it was a good show.
Because one thing I'll tell you about PBS and came art that they haven't come and they both suck.
Make no mistake about that.
PBS is television for solar intellectuals where they go on and they beg especially in this market.
This is got to be the worst PBS market in America.
Do we have any local programming in this market of any significance on PBS?
No.
Nothing.
Zero.
Here's Cutler Ridge. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good. Happy New Year.
Same you sir.
The reason you got all those kids and old folks at those games because they have our price real hockey fans like me.
What would mean old folks?
Yeah.
Old folks we got the...
Well they did pretty much up there in the sections I can afford to sit in this one.
Old folks?
Yeah they're six fees and they're all looking around amazed like they can't even follow the park but that's the size of the point.
At least they're making an effort if that's the case because the people are sitting around me they're not even looking out there.
They're looking at each other they're looking at their kids they're looking at their watch.
They're running out to buy 25 bucks more worth of food.
And of course all of this while the game is going on.
Let me say it again. You usher's up there with they all know me and they're all very friendly toward me.
But let me say some of you are doing a piss poor job of restraining people from going down here once once the game starts again.
You're supposed to keep those people back up there until a whistle blows.
Yeah there's not many problems up at the gods and the Boston gods and the kids.
Well not at the end planter yeah.
Yeah.
There's problems in the Fleet Center because they're called empty yellow seats.
Oh that's a lot of problems in the Fleet Center.
Yellow seats with no asses in them.
I think they're finally revolved in for Bob the off.
That's the point.
This barry trade I don't see basically three players here that I know they already said the Rangers and the Kings are also in a running.
So basically that means we're out of the Rangers will get them unfortunately.
Or the Kings.
Before you go up to that big hockey arena in the sky you should take a run up the Boston and see the bean pods tournament someday.
Now I'll watch an MTV.
I'll try one room.
I got to satellite this all the games are.
It's a lot of fun.
No.
Okay.
It really is.
Okay.
All right you have next day.
I'll see you at Quincy Market.
Okay.
We have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty feet when you've lived in various parts of the country.
It's always it's very ingratiating to be able to say, oh I'll see you on you know on 12th street in Detroit.
Not you know or whatever.
Right now see it the skippers table in Detroit and Lafonia.
I'll see it the Quincy Market and the Fangible Hall in Boston.
You know and of course it doesn't really mean anything significant.
No.
But it's interesting.
I'll see in limo Ohio W.I.M.A.
Does that mean anything?
No.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
So far we've had how many votes for Huey Lewis.
We had one vote for Huey Lewis.
None for Peter Royal and 28th for vanilla ice cream.
Boy.
See and I just I sit and I scratch my head like Greg read does where that you know that whole is.
I keep scratching and scratching.
And I ask myself how could it be that there are so many people who like vanilla ice cream.
But then I think back to when I was a kid and I used to ask myself how can the majority of people believe in this God will craft.
I'm in the tiny minority.
Can they all be wrong and finally I woke up on day and I said yeah they're awful the crap.
It takes it takes a well maybe not a lot but it takes a certain amount of self confidence in your own brain to be able to rise above.
The mediocrity of the masses you follow what I'm saying of course not.
You have to rise your say lift yourself up above the mediocrity of the middle midget out there who are all led by like a bunch of sheep.
With a God will crap and the vanilla ice cream bull crap.
Does vanilla ice cream have any taste?
No.
I mean if you put something else on it it's like a steak when you go to roots Chris if you have a brain you put steak sauce on the steak.
Of course not you don't even ask for it do you?
No. No. No.
Because it's so succulent and juicy and delicious.
And you'll discover as you know and of course there are people like Peter Luger steak sauce.
Why do they like it? Because it's got sugar in it.
Because you could drink it out of the bottle without the steak and say wow that was great. God.
So when you put it on your meat all you're doing is covering it up okay.
Anybody ever put anything on their meat to cover up the bad taste?
I bet you have.
That's what that Aaron bitch she was peddling that crap all the time.
Those love potions and love kids because people you know they want to cover it up.
The honey bears.
The honey bears.
Yeah to cover up that you know six months worth of smegma.
Oh my God.
No, I've told you the story about people that don't bathe very frequently but they just put like a lot of time.
Alcombother.
Yeah the French.
Yeah the French.
Parlez-vous, yeah right, parlez-vous don't drop the soap.
Of course you get tired of droppin when you never pick it up.
That's the French boy.
Oh my God.
Well anyway here's a cross-springs.
Hello.
Cross-springs.
Leschanatova.
And back to you.
Hi.
Happy forum.
And thank you.
Hey it's not that far from forum by the way.
Close yeah.
I went to the website on Thursday because I couldn't find volume two in the event.
And they had it online.
Right.
So I ordered it in addition to the one I had purchased.
Excellent.
And another $30 worth.
God bless you.
I told a contribution with $70.
Excellent.
Can you believe we did almost 156 grand?
God bless you.
Yeah.
I can't believe it myself.
I just want to thank you for being the only decent thing to listen to in the broadcast market in Florida.
I'm not part of it.
You're right.
You talk about bush league.
That's being kind.
You know, a clear channel.
I'm in the car a lot on Sunday night late when I get off work.
And I try to listen to the news on IOD.
You know what they're doing there?
Fimal casting, STL.
This is a new network.
Oh.
I mean it's pathetic.
Oh.
It's pathetic.
Fimal casting gloves 94 in Palm Beach.
Is there any end in sight of this?
No.
And you blame, you blame cock.
I blame the FCC for deregulating.
Right.
That's true.
It's ridiculous.
And you matter remember that's the deregulation thing.
Well, I guess indirectly because cock saw the fact that they had a chance to buy up all these stations in markets like Syracuse and Toledo.
Markets where they fit in better than a major market.
Well, it's great that Rick and Suds are on early in the morning because I do have a occasion to be up and I listen to, I want to listen to something.
And I do listen to them this morning.
In fact, I just haven't called them.
And I listened to them before when they were on in the afternoon.
And because again, they were arrest, you know, an island in a sea of mediocrity.
Right.
And when you stop and think that they're the only thing they have left on that radio station,
and the border was going to blow them out.
It was they called them into fire.
I heard that story.
I couldn't believe it.
Two stories.
My hand is on the middle here.
She's unlistenable.
Yeah.
It's it's terrible.
And it's you know, it's not just radio.
Channel 10 did something a couple of weeks ago that was just incredible.
They had that Sunday night football game, which we cut into prime time, ABC.
So they put in the listings that they were going to run.
Prime time shows at like one o'clock in the morning.
Of course, I'm not going to stay up, but I wanted to take the practice, which is a great show.
So I played the tape back to the next day and it's a half an hour into the show.
I said, well, gee, I said it wrong.
It turns out I call up channel 10 to find out what was going on.
She says, oh, well, we made a last minute decision to run it at one o'clock.
I said, well, did you did you make the announcement?
Did you tell anybody?
No.
Now we, we, in hindsight, we thought we should have run a crawl.
But we did.
Yeah, they did crawl, all right.
They should be on their hands and knees with Dwight Lutterdale, who looks like he's about ready.
Unbelievable.
I mean, a major market town.
I thought I made your market.
This is a hiccup.
I said this 23 years ago, this is just a big hick town spread out over a big, large area.
There is no core.
There is no downtown Miami.
There's no downtown Fort Lutterdale.
There's no happening place.
This is just a big bunch of bedroom towns that have nothing to do with each other.
It's a pember of pines, plantations, coral gables, coconut grove, sunrise.
And this is not a place.
It's not.
This is not a place.
It's a figment.
Exactly.
I don't know what it is.
Well, thank you for God.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
No.
We have an open line a day.
One in Broward, 5.6705.60 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I want somebody that loves vanilla ice cream.
So I started to tell the thing about the steak.
Okay.
Well, the steak's on.
That's vanilla ice cream.
The difference being that a great steak like a root's crisp is great.
It's delicious.
It's succulent.
It's to die for.
You want to spend a lot of money for it.
What can you do?
And I know that our friends had been in Jerry's.
I know they make like a vanilla bean.
What do they call it?
You know, some of your fancy, schmancy, French vanilla.
Vanilla is vanilla.
You know what I'm saying?
No matter what how you lay it's like.
That's it.
You know, crap is crap.
It may be in different aromas, different texture, different shades of.
But what are crap is crap and the same with an ice cream.
And so people put Hershey syrup on it.
They put hot fudge.
They put butter scotch.
It's like neutral.
You can put anything on it.
Because it has no taste.
Like Bill Colter used to say, delicious but no taste.
That's vanilla ice cream.
The biggest selling flavor in America.
And you wonder why all these crazy religious people are running around waiting for Armageddon.
And they're stocking up on canned goods and toilet paper.
No, look, I asked the other day.
I think this is a very serious question.
Are you going to be taking us in heaven or in hell?
Oh, I guess in hell.
It's going to be running down your legs forever.
But in heaven, I mean, is this the kind of God that you people believe in that's going to have you go to heaven?
You can keep in mind.
It's only the soul, the spirit that's going up there.
How can you take a, your soul?
I mean, I've stepped on someone to my soul.
Okay, we're lucky.
The dog doesn't have any other somewhere.
But how the hell can a bodyless soul, a spirit take a, some somebody need all that toilet paper for if Armageddon's coming?
Huh? I'm waiting for an answer.
What are they, what are they, what are they going to use?
New that toilet paper with?
Well, it's going on.
While the tribulation is going on.
Oh, while the, it's the fan.
Okay.
We have an open line, a date one and a broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th, he wireless line.
Come on, thank God that I'm about the only person in the world that makes any sense.
Thank God for me.
Thank God.
Thank God.
You're welcome.
You just pound it silly and then whatever comes out, you eat it.
New from the makers of Alaska.
It's a fan substitute designed for sex offenders.
Introducing Marla Strah.
Marla Strah works at a molecular level to induce gut-wrenching diarrhea whenever they have the urge to act on their sick fantasies.
Hey, mister, would you like to buy a raffle ticket so my scout troop and Joe camping this summer?
Well, well, well, don't you look so handsome in your uniform?
Why don't you come inside while I get my wallet?
Would you like to see my cat?
Let me see if it's...
Oh, sorry.
I can't help you.
Hi.
I...
I'm going to go.
Joe.
Sorry, Teddy.
Marla Strah.
The latest weapon in the battle against petapiles and other assorted sexual deviant.
Okay, it's a minute past noon at 5.60 WDQM.
Kim Mandage is in for vacation.
They can't be alive at Chula's State 2 at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
And then as if you haven't had enough football to...
I mean, just coming out of your ears, we got the pre-game at 6 and the Fiesta Bowl.
The national championship game they're calling it, which of course is a joke.
But anyway, Tennessee and FSU 820 tonight.
Which of course is also on television.
No, don't mention that.
Don't say that.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, you're the best, man.
Yes, I am.
Okay, listen.
I just wanted to say Armageddon already did happen.
It was when the pet has opened that new arena.
Yeah.
Okay, anyway, listen.
I was driving after the Miami game.
One of the few people that was.
Anybody see that red light down if that's your twice end yet?
No.
Okay.
Anyway, I was thrown down to Miami.
I was looking to WBZT 1290 AM.
Right.
They had this new show on Saturday.
It was a sports show.
I don't like anything else at 1290.
Well, listen, man.
It showed...
It was called Sports Suite.
There was like two guys that just went crazy.
I don't know.
They just started talking about everything.
It was a pretty good show.
You know, and I know it's not to do a clear show.
That's okay.
But, yeah, it was a pretty good show.
Well, how do you know it has nothing to do with clear channel?
Who owns BZT?
They own just about every damn thing in Dave Brown and Palm Beach.
Yeah, but clear channels does not pay them to do the show.
It was like a time-broker show.
Oh, I see.
I got you.
Well, if it was a good show, you should know it had nothing to do with clear channel.
Well, that's true.
That's very true.
Anyway, take their suck.
And suck.
They should move them to Cuba.
They have no right having a team down here.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you.
You're the best.
Okay.
We have an open line at Brown at 5.6705.60.
Palm 5.60 on a mobile one line.
Yeah.
I mean, Tom Zickett doesn't like Rick and Todd's.
Okay.
That's what he's entitled.
That's where plenty of people don't like Rick and Todd.
They're playing people don't like me.
Okay.
But I mean, try, you know, to donate all of it to look at this.
Did you see this?
Look at the amount of it.
All the way down to here.
It's about Renewy.
Okay.
Now, I'll grant you that after 17 years of Slaven over a hot microphone in the market,
Renewy deserves more coverage than he's gotten over these years.
Especially after he stopped painting his bald spot.
But I mean, you know, I mean, it's old news now that the guy's been gone forever and ever.
And I know I wish him nothing but the best of luck.
He's been jerked around and screwed around.
How come there's nothing here about Craig Worling, by the way?
Who's also a damn good guy?
Who's got a good following still?
And a commercial success in this market.
Got a lot of the loyal sponsors and can't find his way back on here.
Because a queer channel screwed him over.
Is there anything in here about him?
No.
No.
But at least I accomplished one thing.
We embarrassed Tom Jic in the finally writing a radio column.
How do you like that?
Oh, nobody cares.
Well, nobody cares, but evidently they cared enough that he decided to write something.
Here is Pembert Pine.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing, Neil?
Great.
First off, I like to put in the poll.
Yes.
And I like to print.
You like all the reasons?
Because the other two are even worse.
Because he would lose and then lose and Pee.
Well, that's a good point.
So I mean, it's by default.
I would concur, yeah.
Yeah.
So it needs vanilla ice cream.
You can put something out of that'll make it appealing.
Yeah, he puts up in dark on it like pure war out.
Yeah.
How about Peter War out with a bunch of vanilla ice cream on his bald spot?
That might be good.
That might be very good.
Yeah, my lighten up is added a little bit.
Yeah, but you know, I was kind of disappointed.
I turned on the radio this morning at 6 o'clock and they were on.
Yeah.
You know, I was on your website and I saw you know, the entire.
You heard the three little conversation with Ted that you mentioned a few ago.
Yeah.
But yet, the mentioned you that you were like transversing the clock to the morning.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's a little sample for it.
You know, it was terrible.
You know, I turned it on.
I heard we we we we you know Joe Rose again.
And I was just like gosh, you know, where's we're near when we need him?
Yeah.
Everything.
But you know what you always said.
I like the we we that's right here.
But you know, talking about these kids and everything like that, you think it's bad, you know, at the games and stuff like that.
What about when you're in a business, you know, and you you're out of business and you got all these kids running around and everything like that.
Jumping on machines and jumping on the plate around.
Yeah, like if you're in a great luck.
If you're in a radio business and Jim Mandish has his buddy, your kids come in a few years ago and rip apart the U.P.I. machine and rip down.
Take a whole news department apart because you know, again, parents just they make the babies and then they just turn them loose to right wreak havoc on the world.
And if you say something to them, they get all kicked off and fired up and that's right.
Everybody else's kids are bad, but don't pick on my kid.
That's right.
But you know what, they get hurt.
You know, it's going to happen.
I'm going to sue you.
Right.
And I got it.
A bunch of baloney forced sterilization.
Keep saying it.
And that sounds good to me.
Okay.
Just, you know, just don't snip snip me.
Okay.
Have a great year.
Okay.
We have an open line at day one in Howard five six seven and like any juvenile.
I'm asking, there's a special ed. There's an example. They got a baby.
Any juvenile asking is reproducing.
How do you like that? Is anybody can you even relate to that?
No.
I mean, that's terrifying.
Isn't it?
Special ed is reproducing.
That kid's going to be a rocket scientist.
Five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Here's a lady in Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey there.
Yes, ma'am.
I love you, show.
Uh-huh.
I like to listen to Rick and son.
Right.
I load brook.
No.
I'm waiting for one person that has something good to say about broken.
I have never heard anybody.
Even when we worked on that station with her over there, I have yet to hear anybody ever say one good thing about that.
And people can call him welcome here.
Right.
But I don't listen to her.
No matter what I said before, you can put a monkey on here and there's going to be a whole bunch of.
Oh, yeah.
That's a monkey I ever heard.
When he fucks.
A bunch of suckles, right?
And I like vanilla and fish food.
So what's that?
What is that?
No.
I guess you have to cleanse your palate with vanilla and then dig into the fish food.
All right.
Go to the on the ANC downtown Miami and I see Prince of Egypt at a move twice before I had to yell in the theater at this Cuban family to take your child outside.
Yeah.
Well, we paid a ticket and so I just said, well, gain control of your kids.
And no one said, everybody was like happy.
I said something good for you.
Nice going to sweet.
I got a full head of metal.
I would say to you.
Well, listen to me.
I go to another movie because it's easy to make into other movies.
Yeah.
That mother.
Right.
And then another child had to be told to get out.
Well, in fact, maybe you should do this in your spirit time.
You should go to all these multiple, the multiplex movie places.
I do feel better.
You spend a few minutes in each one.
You get the flavor of the movie and all whatever it is.
And then you can be the spy.
You can watch out for the disability and kid and bitch them out.
OK.
I could do it.
It seemed to work.
The official bitch out in the only kid's lady.
Yes.
Sterilization is the key.
Forsterilization.
At that.
OK.
OK.
There's a good lady there.
See, I'm not like that.
I'm changing my whole deal now.
Any future we got a long way to go this season and then we got four more years after this.
Oh, Jesus.
I mean, thank God those people who have shared their seats with some other bunch of other people.
Because you'll notice if you go to the Macarena, you almost never see the same people in the same seats twice, other than me.
Because most people, I'm well first of all, most people don't have somebody buying their tickets for them like I do here, which thank you very much Greg.
But most people can't afford the financial punishment and whatever the other reason they split up the packages.
Thank God for that.
Because if I had in my mind, if I had to think that every game I go to, this Coxies army of wild people are going to be sitting in front of me doing their, you know, shaken up the baby routine, I'd lose my mind.
Three hours of nonstop fidgeting and holding up in the air and walking back and forth and blocking people off and grandpa watching and, you know,
go home and spend time with your grandchildren.
Okay, you cheap basket.
Go to the house and do it.
Have a party for them every goddamn night.
There's a hockey game.
And guess what?
The game is on television and I guarantee you you'll pay just as much attention to the game on its own TV as you do in the arena.
None.
None.
Two open lines indeed.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the mobile one line.
I'm going to have to know the QAM.
We're going to kick it tonight.
Oh, kick it tonight.
All right.
Kick it tonight.
We're going to kick it tonight.
Jim Kelly by the colors.
Boy.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It mixes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts them both together.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
It doesn't have to hold it out.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's what they have to wear.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
They have to rub it on by Lemme.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to try to treat my presentation.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
What are you?
Which might be me, my legs I see.
I like to dance around this way.
Mommy!
How the love's quite good there.
Mommy!
I want to look for like a wolf.
My name is Pablo Bell.
It works the lotion in the basket.
It makes it more busier.
It works the lotion in the basket.
I owe it my PPI.
It works the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It works the lotion in the basket.
I got my skin so liberal, like...
I will give it up.
I spent only two months.
I spent two months on the field.
The youth is smoking years.
to too long holiday weekend. Not bad, huh? Thanks to Rick and SUDs, by the way, for
lavin' it up by coming back on here today and thank God that they held on to a job.
Everybody's hangin' on by their fingernails and their testicles because we got their
queer channels and the other grave robbers of the world out there destroying the businesses
we used to know. Nice going to FDC again. Much of morons. They're worried about us staying
crap on here, but at the meantime, they're turning the entire guy to an industry into
a world. All you got to do is turn on your radio in 29 hours a day in most spots.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. The no ice cream eater occasionally.
Oh, yeah, you got to put stuff on it. Let me ask you this. Would you ever consider eating
vanilla ice cream plain? Oh, yeah, I do it. I eat any kind of ice cream. I like it all.
You know, I prefer it with something else or nothing else. You know what I mean? I'll
make it. Yeah. Make it vanilla ice cream, man. It's good and cold. I'll eat it. Okay.
At any rate, not only do I listen and call to reconcile, but this morning you played my
call. Really? Beginning of your show. Wait a minute. One moment, please. Hang on a sec.
I'm over there. I read it before I ain't gonna hear it again. Huh? No, no, I want to listen
for you. Is that you? Yeah. Yeah. Man, I almost missed the show this morning. I ruled out
a bit about 15 minutes ago. How do you like that? You're on the year on this show and
on tape on their show at the same time. I read it. You just I think you're in the Guinness
Book of Records, man. Well, at any rate. Listen, at least at least there's somebody from
familiar with. There are a couple of familiar voices. And if Rico just stopped talking about
the stock market, which is up on 131 points, but if he'll just stop doing that, we got no
problem there. You know, but as usually as soon as somebody will start talking about something,
I'll still change the subject. If he's got no one to call, you know, maybe he's got
that's what he's into the stock market. I guess that's what he's into based on what?
It's boring. I mean, you know, there's a lot of money to be made and lost there, but
who now wants to talk about it? I mean, when no one's calling you, you start to talk
about whatever you're going to whether it be hockey or your satellite dish. And yeah,
we we listen to it and get on with the show. We somebody else to call. Well, what's
more interesting, hockey on the satellite or the stock market? I mean, it's not, you know,
over in a live screen. No, I scream. You're right. That's on the top of the lead.
Backseat. Okay, pal. Okay. Have a great new year. You too. Bye. Bye. So what do you say?
We have an open line in Dave wanted, Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60, Palm 5 60 on a mobile one line.
But I notice one thing Rick always does every day of every show that he's ever been on
here. Oh, I got so much stuff here. I got all the stuff to go through every time he says
that you know that there are either like almost no calls or no calls at all. Which I can
understand. And listen, I never knock anybody forget no calls in his town because I've been
on the year for 700 years and air. Look at this. Look at my calls dropping off here.
Not on the toy precious three. That wasn't for you anyway. What was it? Gambling question.
I'm gambling question from one of the sports. See, this is I can't stand it. I can't.
I'm very happy. We got all our differences ironed out here. We had that great dinner at Ruth's
Chris which Greg bought me dinner there was nobody could believe it.
Including the waiter and the management there. Although I notice they did charge him.
But nevertheless everything's straightened out after kind of a rocky year.
Everything is wonderful here at WQM. You believe it? Well, I mean, no, it's you know,
we got George got his bonus. Yeah, he got his. No, no, he did. So that part of it is fine.
But the sports nerd part, the incessant repetition, the neurotic psychosis of these
compulsive gamblers. I'm telling you guys it's boring.
Boring about oh, we got the points.
But who cares if you want the points, Fred, go call Louis the bookie. Come,
Bugsy Solomon. Okay. Stop. Just destroying us on a radio with a bunch of boring,
compulsive crap. You think they can cover you think three and a half is it?
And then what we can somebody explain to me and I hate, I can't see.
I suck myself into this. I feel like Ron Jeremy. I suck myself into this
field where I'm going to wind up talking about it. I hear like Ed Kaplan,
who is of all the great guy, by the way, but I mean needs GA desperately,
a compulsive, if two leaves are falling from the tree, they'll bet you which one
will hit the ground first. I mean, I guarantee you. And he'll also do the overs and
unders. But what is this? Well, I tease with a jet game. What does that mean?
What does that mean? All these people who are calling their bookie and making
these illegal beds? What does that mean? I tease with this game.
And then I covered with it. And what was it? They're talking a foreign language.
I know that foreign language radio is very big on AM in this market.
But do we need another foreign language that most of us don't understand?
I don't think so, man. I mean, there's not room for one more foreign language.
Yeah, man. Here's a crawlgabel. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I was wondering, I don't buy into this
religion crap. And I was just wondering, I wanted to do a little research.
And I was wondering if you could put me in the direction of a good book,
out in religion? Yeah, the Bible read it and you won't believe a word of it.
Okay, we have three open lines in date. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and 05, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Bokeh. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir.
On this one. Great. This afternoon.
Um, actually, I do not answer your question about the tease, but I wanted to talk
about something else. Yeah. Um, these herbal teas?
The teas, I'm sorry. Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
I think it refers to when you bet, and over and the point spread that you get a little leeway,
you can add the points to either one, whether you want the over to be lower or higher.
Oh, you know, something. I'm getting a headache just hearing you describe it. I mean, you know,
it's just, it's so pathetic. It's, it's, it's, it's, they're, they're people that have such serious
gambling problems and they're in denial. They don't want to fast up to it. Well, you should be one
to talk with your car, but a hydrated diction. What does that have to do with gambling problem?
Well, everyone has their hand. That's why it's gambling with drugs out of the hospital.
Well, you're missing the point. Okay. I grant you. I'm addicted to refined carbohydrates,
but do I sit here? I mean, I'll mention it every now and then, especially when I'm talking
about Ben and Jerry's and whatnot and eating three-pointed sufficient, but do I sit here and talk
about it day after day? Do I say, oh, well, I had 122 carbohydrates and the under the over was
150 and the under was 87. I mean, it's terminal. This is true, but I wanted to talk about
Arbiteron. Yeah. I think that it, first of all, I think that you are by far the best talk show in
this town. And that you're rating, I'm amazed it's as high as it is. I think it should be much higher,
but because of the system Arbiteron, who it is, who it is. Well, my girlfriend got a
thing in the mail from Arbiteron. Yeah. Either return address, Columbia, Maryland. I don't know if you
know anything about Columbia, Maryland. Well, it's Bellsville, Maryland, but I don't know what the
official mailing address is. Well, well, regardless, Columbia, Maryland is a planned city. Yeah.
In between DC and Baltimore, and where Fort Mead is located, which is the intelligence center in
the United States. So anyone who speaks to you, not the most government friendly person, I can
see them having the interest inside the private. But Arbiteron is a private company that's got nothing
to do with the government. Right. You know, there's always a back door meeting. No.
No, no, the problem that I got in and believe me, the ratings are always very, very good,
especially relatively speaking. But there's a closet audience out there. And right now, as you
when I were speaking, there are thousands and thousands of people who, if they get the Arbiteron
diaries, they'll never put it down because they either hate me like poison or they're embarrassed
that they listen. And then there's a gigantic closet audience out there and you'll never get
credit for those. Two very two. Why say school? Have a great day, pal. I'll see you in Belsfield.
We have an open line at day two and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60. So what is it? So far Peter were railed.
Is he have one vote yet here today? No. He just goes out there and touches the puck. He's got one
of his rear shifts before he gets into a meaningless brawl. Another stupid penalty like an appendling
game the other day. And he just, he just, they make him a pass. Here he goes about five feet of
centrist and the crowd is hysterical around a verge of a congregational orgasm. Oh my god. And
then all of a sudden it likes like somebody just cut it with a knife because guess what? He don't
have to puck anymore. I mean, you talk about an inexplicable phenomenon. That's got to be it. They're
obsessed. It's like a religion with them. They're probably going home and doing their Peter
rail blow up dolls at home. Here's a mobile in the p-rime. Hello. Hello. Yes, I am. First time caller
here. Great. You used to hate you like poison man. Yeah. But you're in acquired taste. You like
bourbon or cigars, you know? Like vanilla ice cream, right? I like vanilla, but that's new
the hair in the hair. You like that fancy stuff? You like it plain? Well, no, I put milk on it.
Make like a little homemade milkshake. Oh, you put just milk on it. Yeah. You don't put
in a blender and mix it up like an amulet. You just put milk on your vanilla ice cream. That's
right. Oh, okay. Got to be fires. Anyway, Neil, I'm a child of access. You know, you've got to have
some plain stuff now and then. Yeah. Nice. It brings you back. You know, it's a pleasure.
I don't know. Your old elf had you don't have time for plain stuff anymore. No. No.
Hey, one last thing, Neil. I'm kind of out of material, but tell all these gambling freaks to call
Henry Goldberg in this show. Okay. Thanks. They'll have a great new year. No, see, I don't want
to call Henry Goldberg in this show because the runes hang show and I've told you 50 million
times if I've told you once when I'm driving home and listening to Hank and enjoying what he's
talking about and all of a sudden a compulsive. Hey, you think they're going to cover it? Oh,
immediately. I just I go into a coma. It is the prime. In fact, I would rather hear Rick
Riley discuss the stock market for five hours. No, seriously, I mean, in that terminal,
I'd rather hear that for five hours than hear one of those gambling calls. That's how boring they are.
That's how devastating the art of this radio station. Look at this. And look at the
talk about devastating. All I did was mention the teas and all of a sudden the lines went like,
we got two lines left on the board. That's it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Boca. Hello.
Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. I think sports radio down here is terrible. It's just like you do,
but the thing about it is the region you have always gamblers calling is because Hank is a gambler.
I mean, you talk about what about Ed Kaplan? Is that Kaplan, not a gambler?
On the first team on Kaplan, so you don't hear as many calls about gambling and about Vegas and about
this like you do on the head. You don't hear any calls about gambling on Ed Kaplan's show. That's
all I ever hear is discussion about gambling. I think we need to have different formats for sports
radio. I mean, Hank's been talking about gambling. He's going to get the calls. Like he can talk
about how interviews with a political professional. He does. He does. Hank does great interviews. He
I mean, he has all the big names on there. When he does those interviews, it's very interesting.
I love hearing that. But when the callers call in, like I've said before, the callers are the
death knell of sports radio in this market. They're tremendous impediment. I do think that it's
up to the host. Like the hammer starts talking. I think he talks a lot about the gambling and that's why he's
able to do it. Yeah. I mean, so I don't know. I just wish we had some decent talk sports radio down there.
I mean, take the word. But wait a minute. How can you have decent sports talk when the callers are
is uneducated, uninformed when they repeat the same boring stuff over and over again. And if it's
not that then it's the gambling nuts. I'd have them like the ESPN radio. You know, you don't have
calls. ESPN radio blows. There are a bunch of high-enders that Tony Bruno and I was other guys who
all try to imitate. 20 hours a day of hysterical laughter over nothing. Maybe they got a lot of hours to
fill up. So maybe have a talk show with that as many callers. I don't know. Whatever. But it's just
thanks down here. Killer calls, man. Hey, care. Have a great day. I keep trying to tell him that.
Kill those calls. And like, look at it. It didn't work for me. Look at this. I got one call up in the
board. Kill the calls. That's okay. We'll survive. It's way hard to get now. We had a great two and a half
hours today for the first day of the new year that we're on the year. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the
mobile one line. Started out with tremendous enthusiasm here today. And now it's like the law of
diminishing return. Well, that's cause you had the audacity to knock with the live stream again. And
people are getting really pissed off at you about talking about that since most of us love an
live stream. I just I don't understand it. I don't get it. It's like, you know, it's like doing a
dry run. I just I don't understand what that's all about. What is the enjoyment from it? It has no taste.
None. Zero. Sivity do da. And you know, and then they had with the vanilla being in it. And why did
they put the vanilla bean in to try to create a little bit of a taste? Something. Anything.
It is like saying, I like my favorite thing in the world to have in my mouth is tapioca pudding.
Huh? If somebody said you you you call them in the white suits, you'd have them locked up in
media leaves not sooner. Of course in South Florida where most people gummed the food anyway,
you can't taste it. What difference is it? 27. It's easy to gum tapioca pudding and vanilla
ice cream. 27 after noon at 560 WQM. Yeah, no.
Oh.
Oh,
Yeah, I get fine kids, where's where's Tom?
She's saving the dress like a low-life skull.
It smells like you, too. Where's a forever rat?
Where's the sight for teach you?
But she still gets bad.
Not that she's that red-ish. She's a bad rat, but she can't find my playing just the way I like.
That's what we're the same dress, same dress, same dress, back to the same dress, huh?
Oh, I've been with the state dress, that fat little jazz.
Just because I let her knock it too long.
I remember with same dress, same dress, same dress, same dress, same dress, same dress, on.
Bitch, fat one with the same dress, same dress, same dress, same dress, same dress,
Okay, that's a full-fledged ain't bad. I can't do it today.
Who's better looking, Tom Jekyll or Volker Brine?
Cuff 32 at 560 WQM.
We have two open lines in date, 560, 705, 60, 05, 560 on the mobile one line.
Jim Manditz, the mad dog.
With those pen and the S2 kids who hopefully are a little older and little less pen and the S,
they'll be along for Hank from Shoolos State to a two o'clock.
And then we got on your free-estable business, baby, as it just keeps on coming, man.
I don't understand it. I guess because America has got to have a football game on Monday night,
even though the NFL regular season is over with.
So now, let's even know it's the fourth of January.
Let's have another, the 400th bowl game.
There you go.
Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? You know, pretty good.
I was looking to you talk about, or your color is talking about the talking shows, the sports shows on here.
Yeah.
And you said that they're awful.
And they agree with you.
But aren't they awful everywhere?
I mean, what's a good market for sports?
Not sure. All these people just call them nitpick.
They have no life. They just call them to talk about sports.
Yeah, that's a good plan. I'll be honest with you.
They have never heard WFA in New York, other than I miss who doesn't talk about sports.
So I don't know. Maybe it's just way everywhere.
I mean, I wouldn't want to come right down to what is there to say?
And these people that keep talking about football and want to get technical.
And you know, did the right tackle spray in this thing, and the left guard uses right guard that morning.
I mean, Jesus, I, there's not much of a deal.
I'd rather eat an old ice cream than look at that. It's, it's terminal.
I mean, I just was like, for first five minutes,
it's like, all the information in hand has to say the fact.
Then I just ran it up because this people just like piss you off.
Yeah, the golfers were.
Yeah, the dolphins wind and they have something to bitch about.
Why does Jimmy Johnson know where?
Red sweater, a brown sweater.
There are a bunch of morns, you know, and you know what?
You're the best.
You're right.
God bless you, sir.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward two and a day.
Things are starting to really slow down.
You can hear the grease on the wheels just sliding right off their rectum out there.
Can't you?
They're grease in it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Markets up about 115.
It was up 161.
So don't get that too hysterical off the beginning of the year.
Rickle, tell you all the market story tomorrow.
Well, let's see.
Fair value was minus 550 and oh, geez.
See, this is what happens when a guy gets paid some serious money for the first time in his life for a couple of years.
And all of a sudden he discovers that he's an investor.
And now he's a stock market analyst.
Okay.
I'm in fact, I'm not sure which is more boring.
The computer talk or the stock market talk.
If we could just reename away from that, maybe collectively we can save the Rick and SUDshow.
No, seriously, that's my New Year's resolution.
That's why my one goal, even from a selfish standpoint,
so that I got something to listen to on a way to the work in the morning,
besides, tell the NL that whining scratching the fingernails on the blackboard crap.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
How you doing, Neil?
How you doing, Neil?
I'm just going to say something to still gain that today about the guy calling the game.
Every time, what was his name?
I had what?
I was at Summer Roll call in the game.
Every time with Steve Jung would go out and make a pass, he'd take, and Bob going back.
And then he never called Steve Jung Steve Jung.
He was like, Bob against Bob.
Yeah.
He was terrible.
And here's an interception, which you see very clearly.
He says it's incomplete.
And then like 15 seconds later, after Green Bay's offense is coming on the field,
he and Madden are saying, oh, I think that ball was picked up.
Yeah, that's right, Pat.
I think you're right.
I mean, every major play in the game, no matter what it was that happened,
he had it asked backwards.
And Neil, by the way, my eight-year-old son came up to me and said,
you know that you can't have a cop without comic, that's good.
Okay, see you.
You can't have a high, but you can't have a Mississa without being Jewish.
We have an open-line at Broward 2-in-date county, 5-6-705-60,
Palm 5-60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Volker.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil Rogers God.
Good evening.
Or afternoon or whatever the hell it is.
Happy New Year.
Happy January the 4th.
Got a little bit of bad news for you.
Yes.
You remember a couple of weeks ago, everyone was griping and hollering about the little noise?
About what?
The little noise that transit that would come in, well, something like that.
Yeah, yeah, I'm not worse.
It's back.
No.
Yes, it is.
It came on this time in the middle of a call.
No.
You mean we have a technical problem here at QAN?
So that's the first you better write down on your calendar.
In addition to the sports forewending, and I'm going to tell you something.
Yes.
I lived in Alabama.
And they run a lot of the National Sports Network.
Right.
Two topics of discussion.
The point's frat, or whatever the team is in the given area.
Yeah.
And everything that the last guy said, he stole most of this not all of my material on that.
It's terminal.
Just absolutely terminal.
I mean, you got the ROM show where everybody screams and yells for 45 seconds, and then he's been 15 minutes talking about how bad that call was.
Yeah.
Then you've got the local ones, and in the state of Alabama, it is exceptionally bad because they don't have any pro stuff.
And it's Alabama and Auburn, college, everything is like that.
Well, he's listening.
We got all four of them, pro teams.
And here in the middle of the day, they feel about 80% of their time talking about college crap and about the gators, this and the gator.
These are men here who refuse to grow up.
I think that, I'd say about 80% of the men in this town just refuse to grow up.
They want to continue hanging on to their childhood forever.
But it's just not how many gator droppings can you possibly cope with in one week?
Very few.
Yeah.
That's like minus three.
In other words, if I had three less than it, it would all be good.
Exactly.
Okay.
I'm out of material.
Have a happy.
Bye-bye.
We have an open line in Broward to a dead county.
Gotta get a dead county roll it again.
All that big audience we got in the grove.
Had a pull all our, we had a yank in the grove.
Had to take all of our merchandise out of that store down here because they hate this show.
They hate me like poison in the grove.
I wonder what the reason is for that.
Five bunch of faggots.
Five six seven, oh five, 60, and Palm five, 60 on a mobile one line.
I guarantee you, I guarantee you.
If I was like 25 years old and looked just like Brad Pitt,
I'd be number one half in the grove.
Yeah.
There you go.
There's more to life than just how you look.
Okay.
Just ask Larry King and Don I'm this.
And you'll Roger, they'll tell you.
Here's a mobile in homestead.
Hello.
Hello, Brad.
I'm sure wherever it is.
Yes.
Hello, Neil.
I'm a Brazilian Jew.
I'm 20 years old.
Years are right from Europe.
Oh.
Yeah.
I'm down here and that's why you're trying to write this for classes, you know?
Yeah.
I know how good this is, the lines here.
And I'm down here in the rain and I went to Europe.
And I went to Amsterdam, it's beautiful.
Yeah.
And I also went to Brussels, London, Paris, Genneth, and the South of France.
Right.
But the German, I don't know if you're going to get the German to say again.
I think Madhya did the other day.
Yeah.
But Germany did a lot.
No, it's like modern and no.
Like the United States, but in the people's, I hate them.
Yeah.
They're the great country just a bunch of crappy people.
It's kind of like Florida, okay?
Beautiful place, but just like crappy people.
Yeah.
Okay, my friends, I just went.
I just went.
Happy for them.
Yeah, happy for them.
And don't eat too much of those issues.
I get you, huh?
What is it?
You're sure?
I have you.
Okay, that'll be English.
Get out here.
You're sure.
What do you say, you're sure on it?
We have a three open lines a day.
That's all of them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
21 to 1, QA.
Why don't you go back to Canada, you two bastards?
I'm getting circumcised in the morning.
Sight the knife is going to do the job.
All right.
Pull out by a wapper.
Stuff it in the chopper.
Just get me to the press on time.
I'm getting ready for a tip clip.
Going from 10 inches down to 9.
I don't want to beg you.
Pull it off with the speckma.
Get me to the press on time.
Okay.
If I am bleeding, mop up the floor.
If I am bragging, snip off four inches more.
Whoa!
I'm getting shortened in the morning.
Kind of sucks because I'm turning 49.
I'm kind of bluish.
But if I must be Jewish, you got to get me to the press.
Get me to the press for Christ's sake.
I mean, God's sake, get me to the press.
I'm sorry.
Oh, yeah.
Swing it to your spew.
He is sick.
1243 at 560 WDQM.
Just the way we like it.
Real sick, you're on his show.
We have all the deadlines opened.
Are these lines working now?
I mean, these people must be hand over fist.
Why the call in here to rape about the God damn returner.
Rick and Ted's the airways this morning.
And to complain about the God damn book Daniel's show
in the afternoon.
Come on, let's get going.
And somebody even mentioned the Mr. Ego this morning on that show,
which gave me goosebumps to think that somebody might be listening.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Yale.
Yes, ma'am.
You know, I have a question for you.
I hope you can help me.
I'm talking about a defensive line banker by the name of Michael Stewart
from the dolphins.
I haven't heard anything about him this year.
And my sister would like to know.
I'm kind of doing her a favor this morning.
Can you help me?
Is she related to Napoleon Kaufman by the chance?
No, I don't think so.
Well, what does that mean?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about Michael Stewart.
Who the hell is that?
Pardon?
Who is that?
He's a defensive bat.
So what about him?
What is the question?
The question is,
this isn't a sports show.
I don't think I've ever got an offensive backs on the dolphins.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about,
is he still on the dolphin?
You listen to this show.
You listen to this show.
Thank you, Neil.
You listen to this show.
Do I listen to this show?
Thank you.
What are you listening to?
I'm saying to you.
Are we having your conversation?
Yes, Neil.
We are.
Let me explain why I'm that.
No, no.
You listen to this show.
Can you believe that?
This is my first broadcast of the news.
I'm a new year.
My 400th year on a year in Miami.
And here is a woman who is the epitome of this town.
Okay?
Was she listening?
No.
Did she make any sense?
No.
Did she listen to this show?
No.
Could she carry a conversation?
No.
Did she get the point I was trying to make her...
This isn't a sports show.
I don't know, Michael.
Stewart from Ron Stewart.
Okay?
I don't know, Michael.
Stewart from Stewart Alsov.
And this woman is hawking me a trinic.
And she won't...
She won't take up breath to listen for one second.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60 on a mobile one line.
Did everybody else get it?
Okay.
As usual, I'm man-out.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Oh.
That woman there, you got...
Maybe go out on the baguette.
Yeah.
But just happy to hear your nails.
I listen to...
What the hell is that mean?
Faggots are in sports fans or you...
You want to call her show and perpetuate some ugly grotesque stereotypes
of some mincing lip-rested queen just because you might be?
No.
I just because she's a woman.
That was it.
It's just the pain in the ass.
Okay.
We have an open line in a broward and two of sorts.
Another stereotype we want to perpetuate is a woman hating a faggot.
It's okay.
Just like women loving bull dikes.
Well, what is this man?
He was probably in the grove.
He was the one.
Closet collar from the grove.
Get out of here, sweetheart.
Go take them butcher-plussing to get out of my pussy.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
I should've known.
The first two and a half hours was an aberration this morning.
I don't know where the hell it came from.
They must've had it pent up from these last two holiday weekends.
They must've had a little bit of material.
But now by 1230 it's very obvious.
It's gone.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neal for the lady two colors ago.
In bitch.
Yeah.
Okay. And now...
What kind of a conversation was it?
I don't know where it was.
I don't know.
Even if I knew or cared about Michael Stewart, I mean, she's not listening to a word that
I'm saying to her.
Neal for my sister.
Yeah.
Well, put your sister on the phone.
Here's the one for your sister.
Yeah, go back where you came from, sister.
Yes.
Send her back to the convent.
All right.
Get the mind-blowing bitch.
Yeah.
All right.
In the game, the sister probably had a bullfrog.
Just a little bit ago.
The sparta who caught the touchdown pass.
Yeah.
I don't...
I don't remember who the lady dropped the other 20 passes.
Whatever.
I remember 80 on after that.
I dropped 20 in a row and he catches one and he's crying.
And then Madden's saying, it's not about money.
The first thing he does when he takes his helmet off is he checks for his diamond earring.
Yeah.
Because he thinks his little bag of earring fell off.
Yeah.
Well, he's playing with that for a thing he got that he won.
Yeah.
But it's not about money.
Did you see the Bud Light spot on it?
Or one of the great spots I've ever seen where they got this dark-completed shock.
We just find this multi-million dollar contract.
Did you see it?
And the guy says, I've got the last Bud Light in the world here.
How much will you give me for the last Bud Light?
And the guy says, oh, how about a million dollars?
And he said, okay.
And then you see him sitting there with the million and he says to his agent, how much I got left now?
I loved it.
Greatest spot in the history of the human rights.
The right day pal.
It could be in such a goofball.
What am I looking for?
I'm looking for the name of the YB receiver.
Number 81.
It cost a big touchdown pass.
It went again in the final three seconds of the game.
Nice going there, Steve Young.
You know what they say about Steve Young?
Don't you?
Carol.
Yeah.
Carol Owen.
Who is it?
Carol Owen.
Carol Owen.
Does that Carol or Terrell?
How come it's Terrell Buckley, but it's Terrell Owens?
I thought it was Terrell, but yesterday they were saying Terrell.
Oh, they were saying that so you're going to believe something that Pat Summaryl and John Madden said.
And that came yesterday.
The worst broadcast in the history of it.
And I love John Madden and Pat Summaryl.
Well, it can be wrong.
But they must have been on a jungle juice out there or something.
Or maybe Pat just back on the ordinary regular juice.
Maybe you know, I mean, totally incoherent.
Thank you so much, Joe, for whatever you just said.
What do you say Jesse Owens?
We have an open line in Broward all a day.
They're out of it now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're not going to make it until two o'clock.
I've been ready to get mad at you here an hour early.
Because these people are getting off of the state of me.
They want to talk football.
Maybe the dolphins.
The dolphins got a gift.
Yeah, they got a nice gift there.
A Saturday.
They'll take it.
Thank you.
They want to talk Super Bowl.
They want to talk about those bowl games.
They want to talk about that big festival.
And a redneck Bobby Bowden.
Yeah, that's what made me sick.
My stomach.
I'm watching I miss this morning for whatever reason.
I don't know.
Because I've already spent the four minutes reading both newspapers
from cover to cover.
Whatever there was to read.
And he's the aren't we lucky.
Anybody not came tonight?
We look either one or the same.
Oh, yeah, we like I like a florist thing.
I like Bobby Bowden.
I like.
You know, stop mumbling already.
Okay, Don, and we don't want to hear about how you were out there on the Goddamn farm again.
He was out under ranch trying to get the goddamn my movecows to come back.
Whatever he was doing.
Oh, Jesus.
And this guy's making a big buck.
He's on worldwide TV on MSNBC.
And I'm sitting there talking to myself in Miami.
Here's a man who was great 20 years ago who is I guarantee if they brought a physician in there certifiable right now.
They could they could bring in the corner right now and certify him as dead.
I miss easily.
And he's racking in the millions.
They just reassigned him to another 30 year.
I mean, talk about being not the best.
Like all those old people taking a criss-go-and-to-kim-art today after Christmas to buy next year's Christmas decorations, you know, 90% off.
Talk about being an optimist grandpa.
I wouldn't be counting my, uh, Christmas is until a until a hatch until the first no-starts fall in peoria.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir. Good evening.
Good night.
I'm a good night, nerd.
I did listen to Rick and Suddars.
Here's another one.
Oh, right.
Except, you know, they shot themselves in the foot.
They moved Rick and Suddars for the morning and said, that's, uh, what's her name on in the afternoon?
Yeah.
That's a jappy bitch, yeah.
Thank God for Jack Cole.
Give me something to listen to.
Oh, boy. Now you're really desperate.
Hey, uh, you said Pompi's people.
Have you been paying attention to these, the alleged sexual harassment lawsuit against Phil Henry?
No.
I this, uh, Dyke Tammy Bryce.
No.
By any fact, this, this stuff on it.
She was, she's doing everybody inside out there.
It's just a bunch of crap.
She allegedly made some remarks to her at his wedding.
It is a wedding.
Yeah, it's pile of crap.
It is a pile of crap.
Mm-hmm.
And then she sued his wife.
She, she's suing everybody inside this bitch.
And have a great day.
Okay, that was you know that.
Somebody's horn is stuck out here.
By the way, just thought I mentioned that because it's getting on my nerves almost as much as those little kids at the hockey game jumping up and down in front of my push.
Open line of day two and brown.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Maybe somebody else out there has got what I've got.
Let's talk about illnesses.
Okay, worked for Rick this morning.
He had a call from some old lady talking about taking a want on soup.
Yeah, I've had this, uh, this is like, uh, I know what it is.
And why am I going to waste my money going to see my good friend, Dr. Mark, when I know exactly what he's going to tell me.
But if the knife drives down there anyway.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going, Matt?
Great.
Good.
I don't know if this guy's on your station, but if they're right, it makes fun of other DJs on your station.
We don't have DJs on this station.
I'm wondering how they're calling.
The old days of QA and we had DJs.
We had Robert Young.
He said we got a head Rick Shaw.
No more DJs.
What's that guy's name?
He's a schmuck with the go T. He's also on TV.
The sports guy.
The schmuck with a beard with the go T.
We take him in a little go T.
All he is, he talks in such a monitor.
And all his 88 callers do the same thing.
We have a schmuck with the go T on this station.
We don't have anybody like that.
Maybe he's not in his name.
He's syndicated at the whole planet.
Do you know he's a sports guy.
He's such an idiot.
And his callers try to call him up and imitate him.
Oh, you're talking about Jim Rome.
Exactly.
He's not on this station.
Thank God.
What's your opinion on that guy?
I hate him.
In this guy, you could say, boy, nice day out there today.
Oh, but there's cumulus pods on the horizon.
This guy is trying so desperately to make everything controversial.
You talk about contrabassist.
He makes me sick of my stomach.
You think he had a guy that left her beat up her basal player
or something on the air?
Oh, I don't know.
I hope so.
He was calling some guy, a Christian of a lawyer.
He kept on saying it.
And the guy smirked him while in the air.
Good.
Excellent.
That's the best news I've heard all year, even though the years early.
Thank you.
Next question for you.
Just turn you on two seconds ago.
What's the story with Rick and Sada on your station now?
Yeah.
They are.
And they were going to bring in, they were going to bring in Rick and Sada.
But then the negotiations fell apart for last minute.
Because they kept on insisting on saying,
ooh, the bugah on every break and they didn't want to let them do this.
So they're bringing Rick and Sada.
That's pretty funny, too.
That other chick that you keep on playing the clip of her laugh.
Yeah.
What is so talentless?
Yes.
How is she on the air?
Because they had nobody else to put on.
It's a simple way to go.
They hired her the first time.
They realized the audience reaction was so universally hostile and negative that they blew her out of there.
And then they had nobody to put on.
So Peter Boulder, who's an idiot, runs in and heard a tire store.
They're getting tires.
And he's, oh, how'd you like to come back?
She's OK.
And that's the true story.
That's the way it works, it's your channel.
If you work cheap, we'll give you a chance to come back.
And by the way, from New York, I know WSAM pretty well.
It's almost as familiar to call up,
but they feel a little bit more knowledgeable.
Oh, isn't that sad?
I say no more sports radio coming to Millenium.
That's what I say.
Sounds good to me.
OK.
Take care, Neil.
I mean, yeah, we don't want to put these people on a street because I'm sure not defoking another job, right?
Yes.
And the Hank, he can talk about anything, right?
Yes.
Now, Geldy.
No.
Oh, and what about little dogs?
No.
And man, he's, you know, he could just go on here and tell dirty stories.
Yeah.
Oh, he's great.
It's not personal, it's business.
It's just this whole idea, the whole concept.
Maybe it's just being done wrong.
Maybe that's the problem.
But it is just terminal with his chronic compulsive gamblers talking just grotesque.
I mean, you're talking not just minicasting.
You're talking about a bunch of people you could put in a broom closet,
whoever the interest, and what, you know, when you consider the number of people that might be betting on that same game, you know,
what's the odds that are fairly dickens in the vassier game, huh?
Seriously, how many people could even know that there are such places?
Much less to be better.
What's the line on the RPI union New York hockey game that I had, huh?
Anybody know?
No.
You could fill a phone booth and have it half empty.
You could have room for Al Goldstein and Fat Rich left over in there with a number of people who care about that.
And this is the kind of crap that they call in about.
Here's a mobile in Juno B.
Chilla.
Daniel, how you doing today?
Great.
Yeah, I had a comment on the San Francisco game too.
That's similar.
I usually think that was a pretty good job.
I love Pat Sumrell, but he's, you know, a hundred years old.
I think maybe he's lost it.
I can't stand mad, but I watched.
It was a pretty entertaining game.
Right. It was a great game.
I watched the whole thing.
I'm getting ready to eat dinner, and they say it's an interception green bay.
Okay, so I go ahead and walk to my kitchen table.
Next thing I know is a touchdown of Steve Young with her all on.
I'm like, what's that hell?
There are saying there's interceptions when there's not, and there's no airsoft.
Oh, everything's wrong.
You're thinking of the fumble by Jerry Rice, which was a fumble, but the officials are getting blue
because we don't have any of this to replay.
And so they say, oh no, it's, you know, he had it.
He was down, which he wasn't.
You get an earlier in the game, green bay intercepted two, and they didn't even say nothing.
It bounced off one guy's hand.
Right.
It's a green bay.
That was the first of a series of about ten in a row.
Pat had a real streak going there.
That was about ten in a row that he, whatever happened, he told the opposite.
And the other one I'd like to, I'd like to, there was one play where the Niners got a first down.
I think it was on that same on the game winning drive.
Yes, yeah, right.
It really was the first down and some were all says, oh, they came up short.
And they were looking for yards past it.
Yeah, right.
And the other question I got for you, I was at the Panther game this weekend, and I made it a season.
I've got to get up to, um, see the least play before they get in the new building.
When does their last game up there?
February 19th is the first game in the new building.
So it's, uh, I don't have the schedule in front of me, but you know, in the middle of February.
And if I do decide to go out there, is there a problem getting tickets?
No, I can't connect.
No, they'll be scalping out there on Colton Street right in front of the gardens.
You get all the tickets you want.
I think I got to get there and check out a game in a real place before they close that.
Nothing like it.
All right.
Have a good day, Neil.
Okay, have a good one, Ray.
Call 57 at 5.50 WQA.
The Neil Roger show now on 5.60 WQA.M. Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, boy.
It's the one to two hours.
He's a cartoon character on the run from the law.
He's the cop.
He's not to get it.
He comes.
Never to work when you need him.
It's a race against time.
And he proves his innocence.
What's up, Scott?
I am not Doc.
What's your humble?
I'm a must see movie assistant Galiba and Roger Rebbe is a US martial.
I have to bring in one cartoon character.
I've been wrong.
Well, you accused.
What the fuck?
You do.
Now showing the theaters everywhere.
It's a minute after 1 at 5.60 WQA.M. Jim Mandage in for the vacationing Hank Goldberg from
Shuler State to coming up at 2 o'clock.
Then we got the four play for the Fiesta Bowl starting at 6th at the game at 8.20.
It's FSU intensity.
Any interest?
I hope not.
Any interest?
No.
Good.
Open line at day one in Broward.
5.6705.
50.50 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
God, you know, I'm going to finish up by telling you what you do for me.
But let's start with that guy.
It was Jim Everett, the quarterback that Jim that Ron was talking to.
He'd perhapsawi Kui a similar member and now you'll support Mr.
Kui a new bike.
Very little.
If you would like us to participate,
just do your fill in it.
May I come in and have a little round that goes in
So you'll play with hisies.
And the other one will reward.
And the other thing is, I was watching the game.
One receiver catches a pass for nine yards after dropping two of them.
He jumps up and he's yelling and he's doing all this.
I'm thinking, you know what, Neil is absolutely right.
They make fools of themselves.
That's the only correction.
Yeah.
Well, when is that going to stop?
It's not.
Did he hear what Madden said about all that?
No.
He said when he was coaching, he told the players when it plays over, well, back to the
battle or if it's change the position, get off the sideline.
Don't stand there.
Don't make any issue.
Don't pop anybody.
Don't mess with anyone.
And if you do it again, I'll send you back on the bus in the parking lot.
You'll be way in the back of it too.
Do you measure out for our back to see if they did that to the party?
It's the 90s, baby.
Oh, it's definitely.
It's got a stop.
Those stupid, it's not going to stop.
It's not going to stop.
It's not going to stop.
Maybe if you catch a pass, that wins a touchdown.
I thought that one's a play.
I went to game that's one thing.
But a nine-yard pass, give me a break.
OK, have a great day.
Do you say that like more than once, I think?
OK, we got two lines left in the board.
We got 50s, three minutes, 57 minutes.
We got a long way to go here, baby.
It's an uphill ride from here to a clock today.
Now we're back to our usual post in the Roses Monday.
Five and the notice, nobody with a chicken soup.
Nobody with any assistance from my little feverish condition without the fever.
This clammy feeling, this whatever it is going around, nobody cares that much about
me. They care about Rickon's God, they're in cold.
They care enough about that.
That brought that call about the wanton soup this morning.
She'd be wanting it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and 05, 50 on the AT&T wireless line.
Plantation, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
OK.
Brad's been up in Columbus, Ohio.
I don't have a state.
And I just wanted to share with you a couple of things with that Columbus
that Miami could learn from.
Yes.
All right.
1957, some people wanted to pass the tax initiative
to get a new arena built in downtown Columbus.
They said, no.
No.
1973, they said.
No.
1984, they said.
No.
1999.
No, no.
1996.
It's 6 or 7.
You know, last year or two years ago, they get an NHL expansion team, the Columbus Blue
Jacket.
Yeah.
All right.
They have an MLS soccer team, the Columbus crew.
No.
One set tax increase to build a new arena.
No.
No.
No.
One club.
No.
So what do they do?
No.
This time.
No.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Somebody said, well, if it's such a great idea, let's finally build an arena.
And nationwide insurance built an arena, the zero tax dollars, and we have our arena
down here.
So you have the nationwide insurance, Yantle Rental Center?
It's the nationwide center.
That's right.
Great.
And the nicest thing to do is to have a car rectal center.
It's down that year, doesn't it?
But two, not two, that's the only thing, but one, not a single tax penny on it.
Yeah.
And two, they got tax.
And you're talking about Columbus, Ohio.
There's people there under the age of 100.
Why would you be comparing Columbus, Ohio with this place, where the median age is death,
where the politicians are all a bunch of banana boat people who never met something that
they couldn't steal?
I mean, well, what's the comparison?
The comparison of two cities in Columbus is a small, small, small, small, small, small
town, and everyone's things.
But there's a lot of good stuff going on over there.
Right.
So I get, well, we're not allowed to have too much good stuff going on here.
You don't understand.
It's written as a by-law.
This is a tropical depression, man.
Pretty sad, doesn't it?
This is the price you pay for not having all the 20 feet of snow.
This is the price you got to pay.
You got to make it sacrifice.
That's true.
That's why I'm still down here, by the way, because it's just no one like to tell us.
The only thing we got, man, this is the only thing we got is the weather.
Do we have anything under the sun besides the weather?
No.
Nothing else.
Absolutely positively.
No.
Nothing else.
One thing of that Columbus, though, we're talking about it as well.
Oh, you do have Doug McClain.
So good luck to use a hard ass.
Exactly.
Well, we'll see.
You got to like Marty Strach, and we still would have Marty Strach on the Panthers.
I'm working at Goddamn Doug McClain, OK?
I hope Tim Horton stops his petition drive.
Have a great day, pal.
Good luck.
Thank you.
OK.
There's a guy who's going to school at Ohio State, a real university, and a real Goddamn
college town, and like a real place.
Of course, we got the Heracun's here.
We have two open lines in Broward, 5'6705, 60 in Palm 5'60 on the AT&T wireless line.
In fact, those crime statistics that they came up with that are supposed to be way down.
They left off the Heracun, the U of M campus this year.
No, it was an interesting piece I saw on A&E, by the way, with the very looking down
as those kind of setting Bill Curtis.
I love A&E, but I'm really sick of him.
I've had Bill Curtis until I came.
He always acts like he's lecturing to you, you know, with a real super serious, you
know, like I'm smart and you're dumb.
But they had to think about how they're phoning up all the crime statistics because the
Chamber of Commerce likes it that way.
And to make it also politically looked like they're doing a great job, you know, cleaning
up all the violent crime.
So they're showing all of these crimes like in Philadelphia, it was one place, and I think
Detroit was another.
Where they're just not reporting a lot of crimes that are serious crimes, but they're
like classifying them as not.
So all these crime statistics, even like in Miami, where the fellow people like left and
right in Liberty City, here it is, another one there, there's another one, there's another
one, there's a couple over there.
Oh, the crime stats are way down, it's really serious.
Yeah, right.
It's a bunch of bullcrap.
Not that politicians would ever lot of you.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
A&E, yes?
A&E, I'm calling to tell you that I tried to rent that movie, a color to the lamp.
Yeah.
I can't seem to find it nowhere.
Well, it's probably everybody's yanked it out.
And the movie is here.
All these people that say they don't listen to you, they must have.
It puts a lotion in the basket.
I, every time I hear that, my kids love that.
I say that to them and they go crazy.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah, two different versions, by the way.
Have to listen very astutely.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, A&E.
Well, I know your kids are really sharp as a tack when they get both burned.
I've been to blockbuster and I can't seem to rent it.
I mean, they don't have it, you know, it's out.
I guess somebody will call in and we'll find out where we can get some for you.
Okay.
Okay.
We have an open line in day two and brown.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's eight minutes after one of QM.
Spread them and say cheese.
This is Debbie.
Hello, Debbie.
I'm interested in getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
I was wondering if there's some tummy tuck and lip augmentation cosmetic.
The breast sits already face to all of these things.
I was wondering.
What was it like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done, but I don't know how they would do the right way.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get it.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first and then if I'm looking at you, we can tell you
that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me get a little information from you.
Okay, what's the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation for the...
What's the lotion in the basket?
Uh, okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Are you going to call me Baskin?
Okay, what's the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
I got my skin suit and it looks like.
Bill?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
What's the lotion in the basket?
What's the lotion in the basket?
Okay, I will talk to you in the chat.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
113-560-WQ.
I'm somebody ought to tell that asshole that represented a candidate
that people would you look alike?
That Charles Kennedy, that Florida Yahoo.
Great editorial in the Sunsendle, by the way.
Today, they whenever was.
Representative Kennedy needs sticker skin if he's going to eat in public.
The story about the waitress Carol West, Carol Lee Westcott.
He was eaten in Lakeland in the Olive Garden.
First of all, when you find out that this asshole was eating in the Olive Garden,
does that tell you everything you need to know about him?
Yes.
A man with no publicity and taste of Matt would know what personality and taste of Matt.
Yes.
And he bitched the waitress out because the overhearder
said something to somebody else about these right wing lunatics
that are trying to drum-clint in that office who will not listen to the public.
And he got all bent out of shape and she went over to her credit.
She told the right to his, plus what she thought.
And it says, what happened next is unclear although Westcott said
she was fired on the spot for what management deemed her inappropriate conduct.
Olive Garden management denies that she was fired and said she merely was sent home
to cool off and could have her job back if she wanted.
Kennedy reportedly is requested she not be fired.
Now that this story is out in public and everybody sees what a real little asshole this guy is.
Charles Kennedy.
He's an asshole.
He's an evil little piece of turd.
And like I said, survey eating at the Olive Garden serves you right, you little jerk.
Because anybody that would eat olive at the Olive Garden also must love an L.I.
Scream.
In fact, I'm surprised that they don't serve it right alongside with the spaghetti.
Big bowl of spaghetti and a big tub of an L.I. Scream right side by side.
Perfect match at the Olive Garden.
All I can say about that place is.
We have an open line in Broward to end date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh my goodness.
You did not read the Miami Herald Sports section today.
Yes, I did.
What did I miss?
Page 5 D is in Dawkins.
This is the first time long time, Neil.
And this thing is so fresh that you just got to read this thing on the air.
So fresh about what?
What are you talking about?
Read the article or I could read it to you.
I got it.
Dawkins still interested after all these years.
Let's see, I never a dull moment in the life of former NBA center,
Gerald Dawkins who turns 42 who had a J 18.
Sounded a $7 million NBA contract.
A seven year kind of worth of million dollars been divorced three times recently filed for bankruptcy.
I'm not but naked or hungry.
He said, don't feel sorry for Daryl.
He's coaching now the Winnipeg Stacklone and the International Basketball Association.
Step below the CBA and the USBL.
And I'm going next.
Winnipeg is the coldest place in the world.
It was so cold on the Greyhound bus.
The dog got off the side and got in the back.
Go on to the next one where it says,
I miss coach with the sixers, sixers, Jean Chou.
Yeah, I don't know why Jean's not dead because we used to kill him.
One time I came into the locker room at half time,
really cutting him towards McGuinness and Joe Brown.
We were all smoking.
So I went over and I took a beer.
Jean said, what are you doing?
I said, they're smoking.
I'm drinking.
He'd say, run, we'd walk.
He'd say, walk, we'd run.
If I don't like what you said, I'm going to drop you like in the WWF.
I just thought you might like that one.
Yeah, and then rumors he took drugs as a player.
I played five years in Italy, so I speak perfect Italian.
Never took a class.
Can't do that if you screwed up.
Hey, what do you want?
The guy speaks perfect Italian.
Leave him alone.
Oh!
You teach him to buff on Gulu, okay?
So what was the point?
Okay, Dave County opened 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I got the flu I'm dying over here.
Yeah, me too.
I want to have like the full blown.
I just got the half blown.
Oh, I got the full blown and it's not as much fun as you would think.
Yeah.
The public service.
I want to the lands is on lifestyle Saturday night, 11 o'clock.
Eight takes.
All right.
So, uh, old Baldi.
Do you mean on lifestyle?
Lifestyle?
What is lifestyle?
Lifestyle.
Lifestyle, Lifetime, whatever the hell that's the channel is later.
So you're going to put that on Alex, Alex, on clips.
I'm going to put you with up.
They're not going to put that on there.
It's a cable channel and Lifetime is kind of like, huh?
There's R in the TV guide.
Well, I, I, well, we'll see.
Well, George is going to mean, oh, they're going to cut it away.
Doesn't matter.
They write, they put the rating that the movie had when it was released.
Oh, really?
They put it in a shop and then you write it something.
And I'm sure you're going to be able to hear him say,
it puts the lotion in the basket.
So that's all you need.
All right.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the good news.
Open line is Broward, all three in date, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless
line.
Anybody in this crowd ever watched the Lifetime Network?
No.
Not if I can help it.
Here's a mobile in Hialeah.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing, buddy?
Great.
I got a couple of things for you.
I, first of all, I forgot all about Rick and sub this morning.
I didn't even listen to them.
Yeah.
But I'd like to put a block in my mind on that station ever since Steve Kane was on there.
Mm-hmm.
I couldn't listen to it.
Well, he's gone.
The coast is clear.
He's gone.
I'll listen to him.
Another thing.
I got to tell you about my experience at the Panther game on Saturday night.
Yes, sir.
A couple extra tickets.
So I had a brainstorm.
I figured, hey, I'll sell them.
And, you know, right outside the arena and going inside, put the money in my pocket and
have a good time.
I'm just about ready to sell it.
I'm not scouting them.
I'm just trying to sell them for 25 bucks a piece.
And some maniac comes up to me from the arena and says, hey.
Don't do it again.
Okay.
Another boring story.
I don't want to keep hearing the same stories.
It's boring.
Don't you understand the boring police that got you?
It's just Thursday.
We had the same kind of call.
Somebody else.
Quick scouting tickets out there.
There's no scouting allowed.
This isn't Toronto.
This isn't a real place.
This is a goody-touchy place.
And they're running around out there watching where you scratch, what you sell, what you buy.
Just to cut the crap.
The guy with a fanny pack will come running out there.
The security.
He'll come out in after you.
I hope you're unfast.
Stay in hell away from him.
We have an open line in Broward.
Two in day five six seven.
See, that's just what I'm talking about.
It's like the gambling calls on the sports shows.
It's boring, sir.
It's the repetition.
It's like everybody gets a speeding ticket.
Call your show and tell me you got a speeding ticket.
Okay.
You'll be on for like a less than a half a second, right?
Get out of here.
Terminal.
I'd rather sit here and play mumbling pegs with myself.
Then hear any more of these goddamn stories about people trying to scout tickets.
Stop scalping, okay?
Leave that to the goddamn Indians.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello?
Hey.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I'm a transplant from Bokeh to Naples.
I don't know if that's enough.
They'll move or downhill, but...
Well, how long you've been there?
Uh, ten months.
And?
And I love it.
Yeah, what's not to like?
No, it's a nice place.
It's okay.
Listen to my old people.
I wanted to tell you, I tried to call Friday.
Sending to you?
And I could not get through because everybody wanted to suck around for the tickets.
Couldn't get you on Friday?
I make one for you on Friday.
Thursday.
Thursday or Wednesday.
Everybody went to the game.
Here on Friday, I noticed we're driving over to the hockey game Friday morning and we're
playing a best update with nobody by the time you tell me about that.
Until we're free.
Everybody's talking in a way.
It was when you were given away your club seat.
Right.
For the dolphin game.
Why are you not getting through?
As soon as I give anything away, but you won't hear that again for a long time on the
school day.
I had one time today, I get through with one thing.
Right.
Oh yeah, there's no...
Oh, there we have plenty of open lines here.
No problem.
There you have it.
And I'll give you a little parting sound to the last for those people who can't find the
tape.
Yeah.
It puts the lotion on its legs or it gets the nose again.
Right.
Excellent.
Very good.
Oh, that's beauty.
That's right.
I've forgotten that line.
That's the best.
Oh!
That was a good reading too.
Nice job, sir.
Dave County, like the guy said, all three lines in data wide open their Webber and Hello's
lines go to Naples and Mobles for Myers.
Got only those Uranus 5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Weston, hello.
Weston.
Feel.
Yes, sir.
I went to the game on Saturday and I go to almost like every other game out there for
the Panthers.
Yes.
Why don't they ever show anything on them nice screens they got except for the people in the
crowd.
You know, why can't they show anything like you mean the out of town score something that
might be informative?
No, like replay.
Yeah.
Like penalties or anything.
I mean, you know, it's a joke.
Because the people that are running the joint aren't hockey people, that's very obvious.
And we would be able to see the goal lights when the goal is scored.
And you know, I can keep repeating the same thing every day, but it's like the guy to
call about his scouting to get it's boring.
Nothing is ever going to be done there because the organization doesn't care about the
fans number one.
And the people who are running the joint, whether it's the sunrise or whoever is in charge of that
place, they know nothing from what's going on in there.
Is that why you stopped going?
Huh?
Is that why you stopped going?
I didn't stop going.
I was just out of town.
I wasn't here.
I haven't stopped.
Why would I stop going?
You think I'm going to stop going just because I got a bunch of pain in the ass people
in front of me that keep bringing in 20 kids from the neighborhood and sitting on their lap and holding
them up into your wallet game is on.
You think that's enough to make me stop going?
No.
In your lifetime, your worst nightmare.
I mean, you could look around and hold God in.
There's 19,000 total people in that joint when the place is packed and many nights it is.
And everybody's sitting in their seat like dutifully sitting on their ass.
And the only place in the joint is section 101, they're all in front of me.
And they're holding them up.
And they're jumping up and down like a goddamn rumpel spiltskin like a Mexican jumping bean.
First, there were two kids.
Then there was four.
God only knows how many of this is going to be for that leap game a week from when they still probably had the whole goddamn neighborhood of kids in there.
Here's a mobile in on the alley.
Hello.
And he just cracked out.
Like I said, call us back.
Open line in Broward, all 500 and date, 567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
I don't know if this has come up yet.
I was in 711 and Boka yesterday, Glacian, 2nd Avenue.
My girlfriend had a cra- excuse me, my wife had a craving for a slerpie.
And I'm standing in line there.
And I look up at the little TV monitor and there you are.
WQAM, Neil Rogers.
Somebody called me about that last week and I guess the 711, who's ever in charge of putting that stuff in the 711.
They did it after I first came here and they were not even up to believe that if they did it, that this station would pay for the promotion to keep doing it.
And of course they didn't.
So we'll take all the free promotion we can get.
Well, it must have been updated because at the bottom it says in a little quotes, it puts the lotion in the basket.
All right, I love it.
I said, Neil's getting it.
Maybe the director of society at 711, but you're getting promotion.
You need.
Take care, Neil.
That's good.
Good news.
Okay, the Dow is only up 58 points and adds that except 26.
All these tech people, man, I can't stand them.
Can you imagine?
And these are Amazon.com's like $340 a year or some ridiculous amount.
All the people, the tech stocks, we won't hear from them because they're all wealthy and retired and buying islands and planets and stuff now.
But the Dow, which was up 160, 7 or something like that, but Rick Riley will give you all the information on that tomorrow morning.
I'll have him up here.
In fact, I'm going to call up Rick after the show when I go home today and have a little investment discussion with him so if he can't take care of all my finances for me.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hey, how you doing?
That movie, Science of the Lambs, was filmed up in Perry Opelus, where I was from.
In where?
Skinny Atlas?
Perry Opelus in Pittsburgh.
Yeah.
Right outside of Pittsburgh.
Yeah.
Never heard of it.
The house looks really pretty outside, and I'm going to...
Yeah.
Just wanted to know.
Okay, thank you.
It puts the lotion in the bag.
What did I say was filmed in the Keyesport?
I think that's what he just said.
Something like that.
We have an open line that's been drowered to in day.
The audience is very, very automaterial.
The day 5.6705.60, Palm 5.60, on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Coral Gables. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a great story for you.
Yeah.
When to a Jewish wedding.
And they told me I had to put a Yamaha on, you know.
Yeah, you had to drive in on a Yamaha, right?
Right, so I refused to put it on.
You drive it on the Harley, they kick your answer.
You have to go in.
You can't go in unless you have one on.
Oh, it was an orthodox Jewish wedding.
You better verify that, because...
Listen, listen, listen.
I'm listening.
I stuck it on, and they had the ceremony.
Everything's done.
Yeah.
And then, you know, they're...
Did they take the seat if you were circumspect?
No, they didn't.
They didn't stick that.
So then they're serving orders and everything's going on.
And the door flies open, and I look in the temple,
and there's guys, cooks, pushing carts of food,
no Yamaha's on.
Oh, my.
They're going down the highway,
trades the food, everyone's running around,
waiting for waitresses.
You don't know what's going on.
What's that? What's up with that?
What does that mean?
They don't know what's going on.
What are you talking about?
The cooks didn't have to wait Yamaha.
Of course not, because when it comes...
Don't you understand it was a Jewish thing when the food is involved,
then all of a sudden they don't care anymore.
And then, to get it, they were pushing it.
Place the fire.
Fire base.
Right.
Place the bacon going down the highway.
Right.
Yamaha's on there.
Keep orders with me.
Okay, glad you had a good time, sir.
Oh, my God.
It's so weak.
So very, very weak.
It's enough to make me feel like I have palsy.
In fact, when I came in this morning, I already felt.
We have an open-line in Broward, two in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
That's right.
You've got to start talking a lot more Jewish now, okay?
Start talking about that phoning New York sounding food tactics.
Come on.
Like I felt real bad.
Oh, she is.
I get the willies just thinking about the fact that she could possibly be on the air.
And what makes me get the willies even worse is knowing that someday at home she might call me again.
At least thank God I got my caller ID.
Oh, good.
Gravy.
Where do these people come from?
127 at 560, WQA.
I need help.
Hey, kids.
Are you tired of that neighborhood, boy?
He stole my lunch money.
Ah, shut up, kid.
And tell him not to hold the mail next time.
Next time, fight back.
But he's bigger than me.
No, no, no.
Just tell mom, next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store, pick up a pack of new,
shot-cat candy bars.
Shotcat?
Yes.
It's a new candy bar made entirely from recycled cow dung.
Guaranteed to turn your stomach.
So next time.
All right, kid.
Give me a lunch.
No, no.
Please don't take it.
Just shut up and hand it over.
Okay.
Here you go.
But whatever you do, please don't eat my candy bar.
Hey, cool.
Ah, this piece like shot.
So, you want my lunch tomorrow, too?
We get a hunch.
You got a little lunch.
When you take the bite of that shot-cat bar.
All right, 130 of five, 60 of WQM.
Jim Madd is coming along at 2 this afternoon.
Yeah.
A hammer and hand-goat burger.
Hang some vacation.
Madd will be over there at your list, too.
I'm sure, you know, filling the usual void that Hank would leave there as far as eating the food.
And then we got the pre-game show at 6 o'clock because tonight is the fiesta ball.
Ready for another bowl game?
Low.
FSU would tell a half the year.
And whatever it is, Tennessee.
Low.
Tennessee in the Knoxville.
Here's a lady in tempered pines.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
This is an example of the stuff that you're just hurting away.
It's hard.
It's hard.
You were pushing to have a rick rally on the...
To take place in the morning, right?
Rick Rally to take the place of the worst team?
No.
Rick Rally in search.
Yeah.
Come on.
Well, let me tell you this.
I'm an avid listener.
I'm stuck in the habit of the week two for as long as you're here.
Damn it.
Yeah.
I want to think.
I know you're a team player and it's important to have people to track people a little bit.
I think you track for a lower class than you do.
Now, he is a terrible...
And here I swear...
What are you talking about?
I'm not talking.
What language would you be speaking?
I'm sorry.
I'm nervous.
You're talking too fast.
I can't be following you, ma'am.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Rick Rally has made the remark.
Yes.
Oh, you arrived town.
And he made the remark.
Maybe the entity will have problems in the country and all.
To give everybody black and white a start over $1000.
Yeah.
Everybody that is except the Jews.
Of course, they got all the money and they control everything.
Yeah.
And et cetera.
That won't work.
So what's your point?
Well, I don't think I'd really...
You didn't push him to have the job.
No, we're not pushing Rick Rally.
We want Mike Reney, not Rick Rally.
Oh, I thought you were pushing him and he's really...
No, we're not pushing him.
Yeah, I wouldn't push him off the elevator unless the chat was up.
Oh, Mike's job.
Because it's just...
I can't take it.
I couldn't spare it.
Are you saying that Rick Rally is anti-Semitic?
Is that what you're saying?
You bet you're like...
If he did...
What's this?
It's a sidekick.
If I drop...
It's spud, yeah.
No, no, no.
Like George has a guy who clears the calls.
Andy, what's the name?
Andy...
It's George.
Yeah, Adam.
Oh, Andy...
Andy, you will save him.
It says something.
Not nice.
And then Andy will...
Andy will answer him back and then of course Rick will say,
Oh, you the anti-Semitic.
You're talking...
I just...
You can't answer him.
He's very anti-Semitic.
Yeah.
Well, I'm going to write...
I'm going to mark that down as a matter of fact.
I'm going to take it up with our title boom over to you.
George...
I'm serious.
He is.
He really is.
And he's...
He's not a difficult guy.
Because we've already got Steve Kin on here.
We don't need any more anti-Semitic remarks on here.
And it's time.
Yeah, well that's true.
He was sure, sure, wasn't the thing to beg about.
I think that's probably Mike Winnery, a nice Jewish boy to be on moorings on this show.
No, but I'm telling you the truth.
I could swear on anything.
I believe you.
I believe you.
I think he really is.
If you look up the phrase for ambition, a glory in the dictionary, Steve McLeod is put into it.
And his face too.
But it's the Jewish season's face.
But that's how they are.
The Jewish season.
Okay.
The guy goes on a happy poem.
Get out of here.
There's your audience, Rick.
Ouh!
We have an open line in day one in Broward.
It's my audience.
One in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, and 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Is Mike Winnery going to be doing moorings on his station?
No.
Is Rick Rowley going to be doing moorings on his station?
No.
Are we searching desperately for a replacement?
Yes.
Here's a mobile in the alley.
Hello.
Hi, NLA, how are you doing?
Great.
I'm just arriving over here to Dave County.
I'm scared I'm glad I'm living here no more.
I got a question for you.
Hey, nobody's alive in date anymore.
I've asked you last couple of weeks.
Yeah, I hear about that.
They get to have some problems.
I think they bust all those Jeb Bush people for that big rally over the weekend.
They bust them all in from the sawdress.
Well, I got a complaint but it's not toward you.
Yeah.
If you're buddy in the West Coast, it lasts.
Oh, have a great day, pal.
Boring.
No, no.
See what I'm saying?
One dimension of light.
And I'm living up to my New Year's resolution like the guy with a scoop on the ticket.
And this guy as soon as you mentioned Bob Lasseter.
Goodbye.
Not interested.
He's not on the ear here.
It's like the Renewer thing.
And I make my point is much of a nice guy as he was in his own bizarre anti-social way.
Never saw a freight train or a caboose.
The fact is Tom Jic a waste like 90% of a whole column here about him.
Does anybody really care about my Renewer Nus market anymore?
No.
That's the point.
And certainly Bob Lasseter who was not here for about 10 minutes.
And as soon as it was a big blob of fat, broish piece of turd.
Does anybody even begin to they even know who he is?
No.
Much less care.
God.
You folks, I hate to break the news to you.
Okay?
This is where it's at.
It isn't much, but this is the metropolis in this state.
It's much of a laughing matter that may be.
This is the major metropolis in this penicillum that hangs down from the rest of the country.
The rest of it, man.
Forget it.
You pour bastards over there for Myers.
You have my condolences.
Okay.
I understand you're like locked in here and they won't let you out.
I understand the way it works.
You're like on the day release or whatever the hell that thing is.
And they got those chains locked to your ankles.
And this guy and the Tampa and St. Pete and Bob clear water and Orlando.
I mean, this state from it's horrendous enough for here.
But the rest of the state is is a joke.
They don't even pick their nose.
Oh, by the way, Aaron Viguel.
I love Aaron Viguel.
Okay?
In spinal care, he's weighing cousin.
What is he sings the national anthem at the car right in the center?
And I like Aaron Viguel.
That's a great job.
Got a great voice.
Never stole a caboose.
But Aaron, you know, they show you at a very unflattering angle on the big scoreboard
when you sing in the star spangled banner.
And Aaron had a big booger in his.
Yeah.
What?
No, at the Carolina game before the game, he had a big hangar there in his left nostril.
Aaron, I'm just suggesting this before the Leaf game, a week from Wednesday,
you might want to when it doubt clean it out.
Okay?
Check the nostrils before because they show him from underneath.
You know, everybody looks kind of like Patunia pig when you look at like under the nose.
So they have this real unflattering angle.
Not that he's that could be, you know, the bigger one.
There's not not too much you can do in spat and he's a big old guy.
But he's a great.
He does a good job.
So when it doubt.
Oh, these blow them out.
I just snotted all over myself.
Look at that.
Well, I thought maybe there was a solid one in there, okay?
Who doesn't like to know seriously when you got like bad flu?
And I'm the only one who's going to tell you this because everybody else thinks it's gross.
There's nothing like putting your hand over one nostril.
Now of course you want to make sure where it goes.
You want to keep track because there's nothing worse than a winds up on your arm and you don't know it.
And then you walk it around and people are like, look at it.
Oh, geez, I got a big glob of a snath there in my room.
I'm talking about solid like a chunk.
Everybody lives getting rid of those goddamn chunks.
Oh, listen to that.
You notice how clean my, clear my nostrils are?
What?
Okay, let's try the other one.
Oh, geez.
Not as clear.
Damn it.
Oh, no.
God.
Oh.
Oh, well, like I said Aaron.
Good luck to you all needed.
Oh.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, the lady's happy anniversary.
Happy to be here.
Thank you so much.
I just want to tell you.
Tell me, Daniel, and the wave.
Sorry?
I said whatever they say.
Whatever those tricks say.
Oh, yeah.
I just want to tell you, you don't have the market cornered on assholes in the arena with the kids.
We're in one of two right at the next of the tunnel.
The last two seats.
Right.
The row behind is the first full row over the tunnel.
First four seats.
It's always two parents and two like five and three year old kids.
The whole time.
Kim, you don't think this.
Kim, you do that.
Oh.
You don't think this.
Take in our seats the whole time.
About ten minutes in.
My wife turned around.
A lightly asked the lady.
A Swedish, she could be.
Please don't let her do that.
The lady looked at her like she'd asked for the jump onto the ice.
Yeah, you see these people with their little punky kids, they think it's cute.
They think that all the rest of us are supposed to be sitting there.
They're always in that cute.
But you know something after the first 500 minutes of it, it gets a little bit ponderous.
Yeah.
Especially when you're trying to look through them and enjoy whatever the hell might be going out there.
That somebody paid for a ticket for you to see.
Yeah, and I can't figure out these.
There's four seats, which are season ticket, what, 57 bucks a piece.
Right.
Who has that kind of money to buy tickets for three and five year old kids?
And they're there.
The woman was so big.
Are you saying that they have their own seats?
Yeah, four seats.
See, because the last, the last, the other people they share with, I share the tickets.
I'm not there at every time.
Yeah, but see the people in my thing, their kids are under whatever the limited.
They're little kids, little tiny kids.
And as a result, they don't have, they didn't buy them seats.
They bring them in and they sit them on their left.
And they hold them up in the year.
And they keep, you know, the adjusting and holding them higher in the year, like right in front of my face.
So you can't see, if your life depended on it, you can't see what's going on in the ice.
Now with these guys, the floor.
I mean, the people think it's funny.
They think I'm kidding.
They think it's amusing.
I'm not kidding.
It's not funny.
It's not amusing.
And I'm not going to tolerate it one more goddamn time.
I'm going to have your asses kicked out of there.
That's all.
And that's it.
We try to tell the people next to them is a couple that bring, I was wondering how they got the kid into it.
Today's one.
Because the next couple over have a kid which they hold up, but at least they're behind us.
Yeah.
And the whole time to this moment's solution was she swapped seats with the kid.
So instead of the kid being behind my wife, she's behind my chair and kicking my chair.
Oh, kicking in the back of your head.
That's always pleasant.
And the whole time.
And so they finally left in the third period.
And some more of your pals came down from the nosebleed.
They were talking.
They must have been about 21.
It's one of them had a fear.
They were like five of them.
Yeah.
They're sitting there yelling at the screaming.
The game's over.
And they're just waiting till Borrell walks off the ice.
And they're going to the end.
They take great games.
This is the thing.
I mean, I'm going to throw some great games.
These guys peddle their teeth.
That's your turn to game around.
And they're screaming at a feet.
And I wanted to say, yeah, Pete, nice game.
It's going to happen.
But I couldn't believe it.
But these were all of your favorite people came and descended on us.
And some of them moved over from the older arena.
Yeah.
We had one of the septic kids behind us the whole time.
Kicking and kicking the same thing.
My wife asked them nicely.
And their response was, well, this was halfway through the second period.
She's been doing it the whole game.
What's the problem now?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Why did you wait till now?
Why did you bother me so much?
It's like a statute of limitations.
If I don't say it right away, if I try to be polite and hopefully stop.
And the guy wants the fight.
I'm going to get Joe Ross' brother-in-law in there for the next game.
And we'll take care of both sections.
OK?
We have an open line.
It dayed 1 at Broward.
5'6'7'05'60", 0.5'60", on the AT&T line.
1'41'AQN.
It's just these guys, Nikkan Stubbs and whatever the heck it is.
And the people that call in, they're just like them.
Like that they want to call it the weed, and they're high.
And they're high.
I mean, it's terrible.
Today, microphones to a nearby college campus.
We're doing some anonymous testimonials.
The Orphid smell.
Yeah.
I mean, do they really reek?
Yeah.
I'm talking, are they the smelliest thing in your entire house,
including your just used bathroom toilet after a big bean burrito dinner?
Yes.
So it's safe to say that your feed smells so bad.
You could even use two-year-old rotten cheese as a foot-the-order.
You really starting to piss me off here, buddy.
Well, don't get mad, not just yet, because Dr. Schmo has developed something new
for disgustingly grotesque people just like you.
Hey, screw you, pal.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Do your feed smell worse than the inside of your butt crack after you've been fastered?
The new food product from Dr. Schmo.
You know you need it, even if you refuse to admit that you're a smelly,
disgusting embarrassment of a person to be around with the sex appeal of a-
Ow.
Sorry.
Okay, you're welcome.
145 and 560 WQM.
Here's a great fact.
Did you read this from the girl?
Yes, it says there's a lot of us fangs here in Coconut Grove Neal,
but at least we look pretty damn good, and we don't have to buy f-ck you.
Why don't you just f-uck an admit that you're John's sugar daddy, you fat old queen.
Oh my god.
That is- this is one of the most amusing and humorous, and I have no life-cut effects
that I've ever read in my life.
First of all, I don't buy f-ck second of all, John is mine or anybody else's sugar daddy.
But if that's, you know, if you're writing a little book like the guy with a f-ck bag,
be my guest.
See, that's a good cover-up and excuse for the fact, because obviously this is somebody
who listens for the fact that in the Grove we had the big-
out of the kind they're thinking about either.
No support in the Grove, even though it's for center one.
155,000, almost 156,000 this year, I'm not the help of those silly posing queens in the Grove.
Here's another fact that says,
Hi Neal, I'm back in school, I don't have chance to listen very much or call in.
Thanks for keeping me laughing during the holidays.
In response to your Rick and Suds poll, I would mother, mother,
much rather listen to Rick talk about computers than the stock market.
Although both topics make me turn off the radio because they're both as boring as hell.
Yes.
I just want Rick and Suds to be goofy, make me laugh, nobody cares about the other boring stuff.
Here you go. So, if you want Suds to be funny and goofy,
and Rick just to sit there and dummy up a little bit and take the money.
Huh? That's the way we like to show.
And by the way, I notice Mocha Brian is here, he does look a lot like Tom's here.
Yes.
Better here, do you know?
Here's the Oakland Park. Hello.
That's Neal, I have to know you're back to you.
Hey, on that Rick and Suds, they put that in, they have the five grand, I'll jump on that thing.
Okay.
But that five grand per person.
All right.
That lady had called earlier, was that for real?
Yes. She was hyped.
Listen, on the hockey now, I take my kids to the game and they stand up, everybody has a good time.
I don't know what the big problem is here.
How old are your kids?
I got one in the floor and one in the seventh.
And what do they mean they stand up and what is the problem?
Oh, they're jumping around, they're having a good time.
You know, they're into those, they don't know what the hell's going on, but they're there.
They're having a good time.
Are there people who sit behind you?
Yeah, and they get pissed off.
They have to deal with it, it's part of life.
Oh, is it really?
Yeah.
In other words, the other people that sit behind you that pay their tickets to go see the game,
if they have to watch your little kids and it's then tough crap is what you're saying, huh?
Oh, yeah, you got to deal with it.
No, you don't have to deal with it.
No, you don't have to deal with it.
Sure, you don't have to deal with it if you're dealing with considered-with-people,
but with uninconsiderate people like you, then yes, you force people to deal with it,
and people get pissed off and tired of it.
Put the bridge tender on it.
Yeah, put it up your ass, okay?
Put the bridge tender on my ass.
When we said the overzone, his ass is what he said.
Correct him.
Yeah.
Open-line it, Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Palm 5, 60 on the 18th, P wireless line.
Yeah, they just have to put up with it, okay?
I got a lot of Brady Punky kids, and a few other people.
Welcome to Florida, ladies and gentlemen.
There you go.
Oh, that's the definitive call.
Whether it's on the highway, whether it's at the Macarena, whether it's anywhere you go.
Hey, we don't give a crap, but then we're, you know, you'll just have to put up with it
because this is Florida.
Consideration and, you know, anything other than the rude way.
We didn't know from that here, do we?
No.
That was lovely.
That was beautiful, okay?
What did you say?
He said, he's an asshole.
That's what I thought he said.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
There, now.
Yes, sir.
Sorry, I get to surround him by these jerks, these people.
Listen, he's probably the guy, because I went to the hockey game,
to see the game not too long ago.
The last one that we just had here.
Yeah, I think we just had to hang my song.
Uh, and, uh, I'm, uh, I'm going to be up for deck, and it's not the kids.
It's the adult.
It must have been this guy, because every period at the end, just before the minute was up.
You know, for the period to be over, and the announcer would say one minute.
Right.
Right before that day's y'all, the adult and the two of the lady and the guy and the kid,
they'd y'all, hey, how much time's left in the period?
And then he would say it, and they would go, thank you.
Oh, they're joking around, they had their kids.
Oh, dancing up around, had a girl and stuff.
What a bunch of boring, dumb, and impragile people.
Oh, man.
You know what I said to them?
That's like, hey, ref, you suck.
Like, like that one game, I think it was the Islander game.
We pulled a guy down, it could have been a penalty shot.
Of very clear, we got lucky, only called a two-minute hooking penalty on the Panthers.
And so obvious that even a blind match could have seen it.
And what's the response from the crowd?
Hey, ref, you suck.
One dimensional sad bunch, baby, a sad bunch.
Listen, it's very bush-leag.
I went to a game, a couple games in the old, you know, Miami Arena.
So this is the first time I went to this one.
And then I said, this is, and this is Neil's one.
I thought he were overdoing it.
Oh, I'm talking about what actually it is.
I fell off from myself and I go, man, this is like the Ringling Brothers circus came early, you know?
The atmosphere in the old joint, even though there was still some of the same problems.
But nevertheless, it was 100 times better than it is in this new white elephant.
Wow, it's a nice arena, but it's like a big babysitting ring, I think.
Right, there you go, an avocado.
Wayne's in the kid business.
All right, Neil, thank you.
You too, but.
Yeah, Wayne's in a baby business.
Okay, just bring all your little bratty kids and buy them a lot of food and Wayne will have a big smile on his post.
Because as far as the rest of it, you don't care anymore.
You just want your goddamn money.
We already knew that.
150, 10 minutes till two at five, 60, WDQN.
The year-end scores are in from the people who are the real experts, the real mavens on cigars.
The publishers of cigar fishing out of who published their cigar inside her.
And every year at the end of the year, they come up with a listing of the best cigars, not just in the country, but the best cigars in the world in the universe.
And this year, the only company, the only cigar manufacturer that came up with five on that list, Nick cigars right down here in Miami.
Nice going there, Nick.
Like Nick and Nick senior.
And all you want to pay, a maniac down there?
That's right.
Which means the next score is well, if not better, than some of the most expensive and best known names in the world, like Cohiba and Monte Cristo and Opus X and Gloria Kubana.
And lots of others on this list that I'm sure you'd recognize right away.
But guess what? The good news is that at a fraction of the price you'd pay for those, you get a fantastic great cigar from our friends at Nick's because they're the manufacturer.
They pass on factory direct pricing to you.
And of course, when you go down to Nick's, they'll show you a little guided tour of the whole operation.
And then you'll really understand all the work and love and care that goes into making each and every one of these great cigars, including their fantastic new Perdoma Reserve that also made that top 25 list.
It is out of this world every day at Tuesday and Wednesday, including tomorrow.
You go down Nick's mentioned the Elijah's Center.
You get 10% discount off everything you buy, not just cigars, but human doors and all the other accessories too.
Nick's cigar is 71 11 West Flagler, one mile east of the Palmetto or column of 305 266 19907.
Even the expert's agree, the best stuff in the world you can pop in your puts is waiting for you at Nick's cigars.
Stick some blocks in your place. Get your sticks at Nick's. This is 5.60 UAM.
Okay, so Volkabrana series said Rick Rally sucks is what he said.
And also still my briefcase and he's a religious fanatic and it's all a phony act. But never list. You were listening?
Yeah, it's a yes. So he was listening. How do you like that? He said they suck, but he's a.
Oh, look at that. Thank you. He said that the Rick sucks. He didn't say so.
Okay, where we go? Let's do Miami. Hello.
Now, yes, sir.
I love reconfuzz, but I didn't hear him this morning.
Well, you'll hear him tomorrow morning, sir.
Oh, definitely. Over going to be knocking on your door to find out why I heard you mentioned a one time.
I forgot. I'm going to put them over the top.
I'm going to be at the grocery. I've been here. Thank you.
Have you heard?
Any kid under 10 every time I'm at the score a goal, they get thrown onto the ice like they'll rat you.
Sound good.
Okay. Did you ever notice how Buffalo Bill thing and the dwarf rabbit are like anybody mentioned that?
Yeah, because it's the same guy as a bit.
Thank people. Okay. So it puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah, too many hungry bitches. One doesn't care. Some guys wearing a suit of body parts and a lunch.
You get to 100 bucks. Right.
The other one doesn't care that a rabbit will get killed as long as they pay over 50 bucks.
Right. I just thought I'd mention.
That's it.
Okay. Thank you.
Okay. Very first vacation. She's on top of it.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you?
Great.
I was at the game with the ice to two rows in front of you.
I knew that you were going to freak out. I just got in the car.
Yeah.
You're 100% right. I mean, four people, four kids, four chairs.
That eight people and four chairs.
Right.
We're thick.
In addition to which they don't sit like in their own seats.
They just pick and choose and move around.
And if somebody departs for a little while, then the grandpa moves down there with one or two of the kids
into the seat and the row in front of them.
And then when the people come back, they're in a way.
So now they have to get up and hold the kid up and hear it.
And the meantime, guess what? There's a game going on out there.
Totally oblivious.
The rudest act I have ever seen in my life, bar none.
Yeah. I mean, I went up to go to the restroom. I come back and just made a hairy eye boy.
He's not even in his own row.
Yeah.
But I know who this is.
