Alright!
This is Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Spor- Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
They're taught to Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and brower, or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
or the Beasley Renequisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
I'm not sure I f***ing f***ing sure.
What are we gonna do when we ain't own everything?
What are we gonna do when the rules have changed?
What are we gonna do if we don't rewind?
Or when we have to wear those balls and he chains?
Yeah.
What are we gonna do when bandets want him?
What's he gonna do when he calls him a turd?
You turd?
What are we gonna say?
Let him fall over.
You seems to be the symbol of the world.
Alright.
What's their bad, so bad, and we're not allowed to say them.
Not to see way to sense the world.
In the side, so bad, how you saying no?
So whole state wouldn't always work for me.
That f***ing you seems to be the simplest one.
Well, we got a full play today, maybe you can almost taste it.
And I'm gonna save a whole lot of lives today.
You know that?
Especially after seeing that thing on the front page.
Guess what?
It's bad to be fat.
Let's discover that bad to be fat.
It sucks to be you and bad to be fat.
Two of our favorite songs.
In spite of what that big, although I was gonna rip Oprah, but the fact is that fat women,
for some reason, if you look like Antio mama and you're of color, don't worry about it.
You're still gonna live to be a hundred.
And even if you're like, you look like who's a big fat black guy?
Boy Foster.
If you're exactly, there you go.
Roll!
It looks like that.
Don't worry about it because you probably live to be another couple of days anyway.
But if you're white, male or female, you've got real problems.
So I'm gonna save a whole lot of lives thanks to my friend, Alan, at Delights of White Boca.
And thanks to our good close personal friend, Peter Leonard.
There you go.
He's redeeming himself almost as much as Michael Holdomeo.
I think we might have to put Peter Leonard and Michael Holdomeo on probation today.
Give him a little bit of a reprieve.
Not full pardon, but at least step off a little bit.
Nice job of stealing my show from yesterday, Michael Mayo, which you've done so many times.
But a good job of putting it down there in print, so I can read it on the air in a little while.
First of all, some of the most important business today.
Soft Florida Courier Services.
This is important stuff.
There's been a last week or 10 days as I go out on the elevator here.
There's been a young man in the building, kind of like wandering around like a lost-step child.
I would say about 20-ish.
An extraordinarily good-looking young man.
I would say a spectacularly good-looking young guy.
And I know I'm an English, I don't think.
Just doing a polka-English.
Very little.
Cool-y-oh of some kind.
Maybe one of yours, maybe one of somebody else's, who knows?
Maybe one of mine.
But at any rate, he worked so come to find out yesterday is I was going out.
And here's Igor.
You know, Igor, you're actually a good guy.
It's part of the fact that you're really, really creepy, but you're a good guy.
But he's out there in a parking lot explaining to me how this guy backed into the sprinkler thing
and he was delivering the wallpaper.
And in the meantime, my good close personal friend, whose name I don't know yet,
and I got to find out very soon, that's your new assignment, by the way.
In your spare time since you have so much these days.
I used to find out the name of our good close friend, who works for South Florida Courier Services.
So at any rate, he's going out to his vehicle.
Now, I thought this guy worked for the phone company or something like that.
I didn't know, but of course I was looking for a great interest.
So I'm kind of like looking because he's going off to his vehicle, which is behind me now.
And Igor is going, bap bap bap bap, bowing the guy to this and he backed into the sprinkler.
And we had to fire him.
And in the meantime, I'm thinking, Igor, this is very interesting.
But I'm trying to, you know, keep focused on this guy.
On this Julio.
So at any rate, I did the check on the side of the truck and it said South Florida Courier Services.
And I even wrote it down.
You see that? No, seriously, the important things in life.
I don't make it around.
He, and listen, if he's a courier, I'd be delighted to help him with his package any time he needs assistance.
That's right.
Hmm.
But anyway, I just thought I would mention that in passing.
I think we want to scare him away, but I don't think he speaks too much English anyway.
So why don't you give an update about the center one thing we got good news, only good news today, no bad news, only good news today, including I lost five pounds in one day.
I realized that oh, you can't lose five pounds of fat in one day.
No, I didn't say it was fat, but even if it's waterway, you know something on the scale, it's still five pounds that you're not lugging around in your big fat dying body.
But anyway, speaking of center one, so GPG spent two days working with us.
GPG, they don't know who that is. These are the people that are good close personal friend Darra who doesn't work here anymore.
And by the way, I didn't leave her on such good terms as the win.
And by the way, speak of the win.
What?
Does anybody?
No.
No, in fact, anybody who leaves here, we say, all right, kiss a lude, okay.
Nice going.
We congratulate you, including a Scott Schwartz, who's working at some Mickey Mouse station that's going on here.
But anyway, literally.
Yes.
But anyway, you were saying speaking of the win.
No, I will get to that.
Okay, so anyway, get to this article in this unsettledist morning by Josie Lambe.
Since this isn't an internal memo that we're not supposed to be done a year.
And since it gets a newspaper, isn't that interesting?
It gets in the newspaper.
But we give an internal memo about somebody we're not supposed to be done a year.
Even though when the Humper got suspended, that was on the air and was in the newspaper.
You know what I'm talking about?
Right. And then when Joe Rose got suspended, that was on the air.
And it was also made in the newspaper.
How do you like that?
So we'll save the LeWand stuff later.
I dumped the bitch right now.
Okay, well, we'll save it.
Anyway, so anyway, GPG, which stands for Global Productions Group, which is kind of like a promotion company for companies that don't have a promotion company like this one,
spent the last two days remastering the disc with all the original CDs.
Right.
And I took up their two-minute sounds spectacular and through the mail.
Which we just listened to with this morning.
It sounds great.
It's crystal clear.
It's beautiful.
There's no compression.
There's no distortion.
There's no...
Like that.
Which by the way, I noticed our signal.
Have you noticed lately the last couple of days?
That's right.
Oh, there's something wrong with our CD.
Yeah.
The bottom end of the radio down.
Not just on 441, but all over the place.
We got popping and puking and crackling.
So you believe it?
Stand on my roof that day that I was sick to pick up the stage.
Yeah, this is...
It's an miracle.
Why do I God bless all your listeners out there?
I'll 50 of you who are left because we...
You know, you can't hear the God damn station anymore.
But anyway.
So they called every CD pressing plant in the country and found one that'll loot in six days since the people that screwed up the CD in the first place are not accepting responsibility for it.
And they're going to have to mud wrestle over on you.
And if I was them, I'd be all green in the push after what they put out.
But they found a place that their fastest time, turn around time is six business days and it's in the mail today and hopefully we should have it in time for the people of appearance, but no problem.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm six days.
We got like nine days leeway until October 19, Tuesday, October 19, six days a p.m. at the pizza lot.
And let me say it again.
If you bought...
Now the cassettes are okay.
They're fine.
And no problem with those.
You won't have to exchange them.
They're still on sale.
I'm sure it's fixed.
And also more good news.
The specs over in Fort Myers will be having a shipment of all of our stuff, the best of the old from the 99.
You Fort Myers, which I'll get that thing out and give you the address a little bit later on, assuming they get around to it.
Too much stuff today, man.
We're busy, busy, busy loaded with just tons of crap.
And by the way, don't eat too much of that stuff here.
You're eating because...
It'll make you sh**.
Yeah, but it's...no, it won't.
No, that won't.
But those...well, anyway, I'm telling you, Alan of the light of West Booker, do you like to West Booker?
You're my godsend.
You're my hero, baby.
Because enough of this fat.
And of course the audience said, oh yeah, we've heard this 7,000 times you fat slob over the last 20 years.
You're a fat piece of crap.
Yeah, you're right.
Always start with good intentions, though.
That's the best you can do.
And you never give up.
You never throw in the towel.
But as long as you got stuff to nashon, even the glium needs stuff to nashon in between meals to keep you going.
Just something that has almost no carbs, but it's got some taste.
Something is opposed to a king size snicker bar.
Something is opposed to a fish stick from Ben and Jerry's.
Something is opposed to something that's delicious, but has 8 million grams of carbohydrates in it.
Something else that'll satisfy your taste will tide you over to whatever the next crisis is here in this place.
And keep you losing a goddamn weight.
Five pounds in one day, I'm going to tell you something.
I think plus the fact, of course, that bluff is out of here now and you stop crying in the hallway.
So, but I mean, my brain is like starting to settle back into the cranium and the pressure...no.
We've been through a couple of weeks here that you wouldn't believe and speaking of that,
Josie Lambeet has got this column which I'll read in a moment.
And also, I'm starting to find out more information.
This is only the tip of the iceberg as far as the scan situation is concerned here at WQAM.
I mean, if you heard the whole story...
It'll make you sh**.
That too. That's right. In fact, it might be a lot of that going on today before we're through.
So, how's Goa and Doin' Buying? And don't forget, we don't want to mess around with her reputation.
She doesn't lie.
Just keep that in mind. She told me that last Friday for a half hour here.
I don't do it. I don't want it.
Okay.
I'm starting to launch into Nebraska.
In the tradition of the disaster musical comes into Lloyd Webber's shoes in the attic.
The Anne Frank Diary. You'll leave the theater humming those catchy tunes like No More Bean.
I'm writing all this down. Don't flush till an Nazis go home.
I turned in my parents for a stick of the odorant.
It's Jews in the attic. The Anne Frank Diary.
CG available now.
Boy.
10-14 at 5-6-6-6-6-6-6.
Okay. Don't forget the auction for all the good stuff that we're giving out today.
$3,000 is the high bid all day today, bid on the Windix EQ and auction package,
which includes all the following.
A trip for two to the beautiful Atlantis resort in the Bahamas, including airfare transfers,
hotel meals, paratickets to every remaining regular seating home-dolphin game
whether Jimmy likes it or not.
$500 gift certificate to Manhattan jewelry exchange at the Oasis in the Saga-Rash Mills Mall.
An autographed done, Shula Football. How do you like that?
Oh, right.
$100 Windix a gift certificate certificate for dinner in Runway 84 restaurant in Fort Lauderdale.
Gift certificate for one hour of unlimited use at Corner Kick Indoor Soccer Fist Filety.
When you try to control yourself, that's a great place Runway 84.
They give you enough meal for 10 people. Don't get your nose out of joint George.
Also, a Luis Miguel 6-foot wall poster and limited edition vinyl double album by Cree.
All of these things, total package values over 4 grand.
And you can call the bid on all of this 305-650-0169.
And also you can call in the Make Donations to this charity. It's one of Joe Rose's favorites.
It's women up tomorrow, a mentoring program for high school girls in Dayton, Broward.
It's really good cause. And all of the money, by the way, will go to them.
It will go to them. There'll be none. There will go to a paid real Guerrero,
any of those things like, you know, we had that call tournament problem.
It guarantee it will all go to them.
So the current bid is $3,000.
And if you want to improve on it, bid you can call 650-0169.
That's a 305 number. 650-0169 will be doing this all throughout the day.
By the way, can a hero get anything right?
No. I don't want to start a big song today. It's only nitpicking I realize.
But nevertheless, I guarantee you can look in a hero everyday and find embarrassing mistakes.
Big ones, little ones. I mean, this is a very minor one.
But I take it personal.
Because last night, both my teams won. How about those Panthers, huh?
How much of a crowd last night? Pretty disappointing. Pretty bitterly disappointing.
And a lot of assholes that left early. See, like I've told you before, you can leave whatever you want.
But in a one-goal game, if you made the effort to come out, why state you like all the first 55-56 minutes of action
and then leave with four or five minutes left in a game?
What kind of a Bose-Hodos that?
Because then, with less than two minutes to go, the Panthers score three times in about a minute and 17 seconds.
And win a game.
Passed their Pob-L, baby. Beautiful pass, Ray. And their Victor sticks it in there. Nice going, baby.
It wasn't their best performance and it was like there were a half a step off all night long.
And Pob-L missed a couple of open nets there and the melamine missed on a beautiful pass by Buri.
And it just couldn't do the right things. And it looked like it was going to be a grim turn-off.
And when you pull it out like that, you got to say,
I'm going to say, alright.
And then if I can get you, I mean, and then of course on the scoreboard, I'm watching, I'm biting my fingernails
and up to my elbow and I see the final score, Toronto 2 and Colorado 1.
Ray and Buri are out of their zone line.
And Buri gets it back and direct the two-star off.
And now, hopefully, Ray Bruce.
He's perfect to throw in there by Guderry.
Short-handed, a shot!
Joseph went down and made a big short-handed beam on Buri.
Then here comes the maple-ing.
Totally reluctant.
Fort Toronto in front of the score.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Alright, that's it.
This one, anyway, we're going again for a screen roll.
And I look at my standings, my hockey standings in your Miami Herald,
which don't make mistakes this morning.
There's the Florida Panthers on top of the Southeast Division, undefeated in two games with four points.
Nice go, baby.
Oh!
And the Northeast Division.
I'm taking a look at this.
And here's Ottawa in first place with four points, Toronto's in second place with six points.
Isn't last time I checked six more than four?
Uh-huh.
Would somebody call up the hero and tell him, last time we checked six is more than four?
Not that it's a big deal.
It's just another goddamn mistake in a newspaper that can't get any information correct for you.
Ottawa's got four points.
They're in first place.
The least got six points.
We're in second place, my fat ass.
Okay?
So anyway, getting to the important stuff.
Josie Landbyt in the South Florida Insight.
And by the way, speaking of a hockey tickets, I'm not going to be.
We're not going to have other...
See, here's the deal.
I...
See, I thought the Yankees were playing again last night.
I thought, oh, these must be Yankee fans who didn't show up here tonight.
They're watching the playoff games on television.
That's why we got these thousands.
See, it says 13,751 in a paper for the attendance of last night.
There is no way.
That's ticket sold.
We had maybe 11,12,000 people our last night.
Maybe.
It was pretty grim.
Inversing.
And I'm thinking, well, the Yankee people must have stayed home.
And I find out the only baseball playoff because the Braves game was already over was the Cleveland and Boston game last night.
Who now gives a crap about that, which I got home at time to see the end of that anyway.
So that was no excuse because the night before in Madison Square Garden, the Ranger Home opener would say lost by the way.
I saw Big Chunk's MTC to the MST, which there were never any unsold seats at Madison Square Garden for the Ranger games for years and years and years.
But the reason they were Big Chunk's MTC is the Yankees were playing home and a lot of those people went to the Yankee game.
So one thing in last night, while these New Yorkers, you know, maybe they stayed home to watch, but they were none.
They didn't play live.
So what was the excuse?
See with me, my philosophy is if you're not going to be there when you got tickets, give them to somebody.
Make sure they're asses in your seat, which is what I'm going to do with my seats for Saturday and the Red Wing game.
My two great seats there in 101 in the parking pass, the preferred parking pass.
I'll give them away to somebody here today to make sure they're asses in our seats because we can't be there.
So I have a lot more to say about that eventually, but getting to host Josie Lambeat in the South Florida insider on the bottom of whatever section this is in the Sun Centle this morning.
More OJ fallout it says as if we needed any more.
Okay. And like I said, it's only the tip of the iceberg.
OJ Simpson has claimed another victim says Josie.
San Duckey, promotions director at WQAM Sports Radio has been suspended indefinitely for his role in bringing the fall and idle to the station's celebrity golf tournament.
The juices appearance at the Cheech at the Shishi or he sure uses a lot of a faggy word, don't he?
At the Shishi Lago Mar Country Club in plantation, blindsided many at the station, including part owner Greg Reed who dealt with public backlash.
On top of it, Duckey originally said the event had raised 25 Gs per cent or one, but only $2,000 made its way to the AIDS charity.
Now here comes a bombshell.
Oh man, here's the next line in this story, which either I, I don't even know how to read this without the egg on our push.
Some of the rest said Reed went to OJ related expenses.
Oi!
We're trying to sort out the mess said Reed end of that part of the column end of that story.
Can you believe that line?
Some of the rest went to OJ related expenses.
The hoe.
A man who was told specifically we don't want you here, he was uninvited to appear.
Whose name was not on the celebrity guest list.
Who didn't draw anybody to be there or raise any money for us because nobody knew he was going to be there anyway except maybe.
And a couple of other people in this building who certainly don't lie much unless they're alone or with somebody.
How do you like that for embarrassment?
Some of the rest went to OJ related expenses.
Expensive, whatever, whatever.
Experiences.
See, we're thinking that maybe about 20 grand went to Pedro Guerrero, you know?
Yeah.
Maybe we can sniff it out, find out what, well, you know, somebody's got to supply the good stuff.
I mean, here we tried to tell OJ to take a powder and I guess maybe to get the wrong way.
So who knows what the real figure was.
I have no idea.
I don't know.
All I do know is that it's even more embarrassing there was before.
Unbelievably embarrassing.
So here's Michael Mayo this morning.
JJ is very good at the blame game and let me say it again.
Thank God for me.
I was getting ready to rip the Humper by the way.
I'm here this morning because I heard about 25 minutes of his show yesterday when he was sucking up to Jimmy.
What a suck up job that was.
But I find out from B-Fo this and thank God because Hank and I get along great.
I love Hank.
I mean, he's just wonderful.
He's been great to me these two years.
I've been here.
Everything is fine with Hank.
But I heard 25 minutes in which he was trying to minimize this whole JJ marino thing.
And the car is of course the suck up cars.
Oh, you're so right, Hammer.
You're so right.
It's what you do about nothing.
He didn't say nothing.
And of course it's like the big sports story all around the world.
Everybody's having a nervous breakdown about it.
In fact, Armando Silgaro in the very inaccurate hero this morning says Marino and Colts more of this agreed with JJ's views.
And goes on to point out that anybody with a brain realizes you don't be ripping the superstar after you lose the game because you're a hard ass.
Nobody with a brain would do that.
But then come to find out from B-Fo later on in the day, Hank kind of like shifted gears.
And you know something, Neal's right.
That a boy, Hank.
Hey, stupid better late than ever.
Well, see, this is the problem.
I told the guys in the hallway this morning just like the thing they had last year with Brian Marie and then hockey coaches show.
When you're going to do a coaches show, you got real problems.
Because if you're a talk host who's supposed to be given out your honest opinion and you do a show and interview with a coach every week,
you got to kiss the coaches ass a little bit or maybe a lot depending on if he's a hard ass like like Jimmy or a paranoid insecure goofball like B.M.
Paranoid, you should hear our douchebag.
But the fact is that Evan, Evan, Natalie and I didn't hear it.
Maybe we'll get some spy reports.
Evan, I think we deemed himself into the complete 180 in the middle of the show and said, you know something Neal was right.
And of course I was right.
It's not a debatable point.
Even if you think marinos are 100 years only, things to place.
Now that's not the issue.
The fact is you don't like to finger out your superstar and to be rate him publicly and make all of these goddamn comments.
But my good close personal friend Michael Mayo, like I said, he's been moved up to probation level now.
He's been allowed out of death row and we've moved him actually on a probation and wanted to more good columns.
And we that makes sense, even if they're still on from this show.
In fact, preferably if they're still on from the show and we might actually take him off probation and put him back into our good graces again.
Michael, hold the mail.
It's by the way, you know, an Amsterdam what they put on there.
I was going to say on their fries.
I was going to say on there.
That's too private.
JJ is very good at the blame games as Michael Mayo.
If you missed this column, I'm going to read it to you.
It may be a little bit on a boring side.
It's not that long, but it's right on target and says it exactly the way I said it here yesterday.
And you want to know why?
Because he stole a whole column from the show.
Even people agreed with that.
Just rip this column off directly.
So thank God for me.
See Michael Mayo.
You should call us today at Apologize today of Halberstam.
And thank me for giving you the credit today at the same time.
Killed two turds with one stone.
You turd.
That's right.
Michael hold the male.
But thank God we got a few sports writers in this town.
A one like some of the people on this station.
We've got the colon to rip Jimmy and ask when he deserves it.
Because he's a hard headed hard at thin skin.
Prick is what he is.
Who don't want to take responsibility for his own goofing up,
prison screwing up.
But it's real good like Michael hold the male says it pointing the finger.
Yeah, we got a finger for you.
Okay, Jimmy?
How dare you?
How could you?
Yeah, right.
Disrespectful, right?
To tell the truth in this town.
Saddle who say in the mother fucker.
Saddle who say in the mother fucker.
Saddle who say in the mother fucker.
Saddle who say in the mother fucker.
I racked the crappy little country.
That was like some much cash on the space.
Just get rid of that.
You're in drinking chubby and blow up the whole goddamn plate.
Here, here.
And...
Saddle who say in the mother fucker.
Saddle who say in the mother fucker.
Saddle who say in the mother fucker.
Saddle who say in the mother fucker.
What's high sand?
Saddle who say in the mother fucker.
Saddle who say in the mother fucker.
Saddle who say in the mother fucker.
Saddle who say in the mother fucker.
But anyway, 1031 at 560 WQM, anyway, moving right along.
Well, this stuff, we're ecstatic.
I feel like I'm born again thanks to my good friend,
Alan at Delight to West Bocca.
I think the Georgia there might lose an answer too.
Thanks to this good stuff.
And thanks to Peter Leonard bringing us a box
in here at Goodies today, which he knew he better or else.
I tell the real stories.
J.J. is very good at the blame game right to Michael Hold the Mail.
Jimmy Johnson hit Dan Marino hard after Delphins first loss
and Marino responded when's that by turning the other cheek.
As in, Brackdom.
That's what Marino always does.
If there's one thing he hates more than losing its controversy.
So we stood there at his locker and took it in his monotone humorless way.
Said he'd had a bad night needs to get better.
Said he made some bad decisions, but still makes a lot of good ones.
Said he may have held onto the ball too long on the crushing blindside
fumble that turned into a bill's touchdown, but also said maybe he didn't,
which we all know he didn't.
Maybe Johnson could learn a few things from his quarterback.
Like how to stand up and be self-critical in public and how not to overreact after a loss.
Johnson hardly ever looks in a mirror and says the fault lies not in our stars,
but in ourselves.
Sometimes it seems he'd rather chop off his finger than pointed at himself.
He's an especially sore loser.
Never the picture of grace under fire.
His first reaction after getting waxed by Denver in the playoffs was to quit.
In Dallas, he'd take losses out on everyone from fumbles to fight attendance.
Johnson said his Tuesday comments weren't meant to be finger pointing just a matter of assessing where we are.
We've got to play better, but for him to assess Marino so harshly and let the running game off so lightly comes off looking wrong.
Johnson backtracked when they saying everybody's accountable, I'm accountable.
Our offensive coaches are accountable.
Everybody in this organization be accountable.
But for him to lay Marino out on a platter 24 hours earlier while saying his anemic runners were right on track was absurdly self-serving.
If Johnson's going to assess where the team is, he must give up full accounting.
He shouldn't graphically detail every Marino breakdown, then gloss over the shortcomings of rookie Cecil Collins and JJ Johnson.
He can't excuse a 59-yard rushing output by saying Buffalo's defense is really good,
but not give Marino the benefit of the same alibi.
And didn't rookie Edger and James rush for 112 yards against Buffalo just a few weeks ago?
He can't have it both ways.
Johnson's comments seem more like classic, distracting, obfuscate strategy.
He knows any critical comments regarding Marino are sure to create a firestorm and that leads to smoke getting in everyone's eyes.
A day later the real issue was a little clearer.
Ever since he's gotten here, Johnson has pounded home the importance of developing a running game.
One that's consistent can win games and be trusted late in games.
One that can take the pressure off an aging quarterback.
Four years in, this is still more wishful talk than production.
At first Johnson could blame it on Don Chula's personnel and Chula's salary cap mess, then Chula's playbook, Chula's Offensive Coordinator,
but now there's no more Chula left to blame except for Chula's quarterback.
Johnson has had full control of this team, but this time he found a little harder to get the offensive weapons needed.
In Dallas he had a number one overall draft pick and throw a Cmon, a higher pick and a mid-smith and lots more flesh provided by the Herschel Walker's Wendell.
Here it's been a different story.
Johnson has done wonders building a defense, especially through the draft, but eventually the record is decidedly mixed.
You teal green the first pick in 1997, it turned out to be an injury bust.
Johnson with even worse in 1998 trading down when he could have taken Randy Moss.
He turned that trade into four picks, but today's got absolutely nothing to show for it.
John Avery has gone and forgotten, so our Brad Jackson's got Sean John Dutton.
So as Marcus Nash, the receiver who came from Denver for every two weeks ago, released when he wouldn't take a salary cut.
This draft of the year was the running back.
Let me say it again, this draft was the year of the running back with Johnson Collins and Rob Conrad coming aboard.
So who was out there starting Monday, Karim Abdul Jibbar, who was out there getting stuffed on a critical two-point conversion, Stanley Pritchett.
Johnson named Collins the starter on Wednesday.
The clarification he talked about earlier this week of Collins's unproven has limited troubled resume punctuated by one good exhibition game.
People have an eager to proclaim him a savior, but there's little or that's a little early for that.
And three games hobbled by an ankle spray and he's averaged three point guards for Karim.
He must still learn to be trusted with the ball.
In the meantime, it's a lot easier for Johnson to point out mariner's deficiencies and for everyone to focus on that,
then notice that for all the pockets, still the same old offense, the same old, or his Buffalo coach Wade Phillips said at halftime of Monday's game,
summing up the outside world's view, Miami is marino.
We don't think they can run on us.
Or as Johnson himself said in his most telling statement the past two days, nothing has changed.
Of course, three games in its early for sweeping judgments, way too early for panic.
Instead of dividing into pro Jimmy and pro marino camps as if they're mutually exclusive, instead of taking sides and drawing lines,
maybe it's time to chill out. Let the season and young runners develop and see if things might change.
What a column by Michael Mayo.
Instead of pointing the finger up blame and making a jackass out of yourself, you thin skin prick Jimmy.
I love it. Nice going, Mike Mayo. You're on probation now.
Next case.
Huh? Yeah, I feel like Judge Judy here today.
Slightly more macho, not too much.
Oh, and here's a great before I get into the thing with a fat.
And the thing about Jesse Ventura, about eight billion things going on here.
They will never get to what we get to them all.
No.
No, plus these tickets to give away for Saturday.
Don't forget in section 101, my great own personal seats for the Red Wing Panther game.
I'm going to tell you something and I really mean this.
Here is the greatest athlete ever played in this town, including Dan Marino, the most exciting player, Pavel Burrey.
And we got thousands of empty seats there last night.
You'll tell me why.
No, the Kings are the most exciting team.
I mean, they're better than they were last year.
They played that great last night.
But you wouldn't know that ahead of time.
There is something wrong here, man.
There's something really, really rotten in this town.
There were just like I said yesterday, I stand by it.
This town doesn't deserve Pavel.
Burrey or Dan Marino, the way they turn on these guys like a rat.
And guess what?
Burrey didn't have a good game last night.
He was like about a half step off all night long.
He just, you know, zig when he should have said they couldn't knock in those a couple of good passes there early in the game.
But when push came to the shop when the game was on the line, he went out there made the great pass to Whitney, who made an even better pass to a.
Croslob stuck it in the net to tie the game.
And then of course, so just seconds later, there's head again from the blue line.
It's in the net.
It's three to two.
And then there's Burrey himself at the end of the game sticking it in the empty net for the clincher and it's four to two.
Nice go on Pavel.
Even on the off night, he's he's assimilating.
And thousands and thousands of empty seats in his sports town.
I got news for you.
Sturgis Michigan where I once worked 100 years ago.
Sturgis Michigan is more of a sports town in his town.
And my good friend, the Humper comes on yesterday.
He's all excited.
I mean, I realized he's glad Houston got the new team in the NFL instead of Los Angeles.
But they're expanding the 32 teams.
Wait till I expand the 600 teams.
I can't wait until Alan Tom Pennsylvania got an NFL team.
It's in even New York and it's the landing Michigan.
And Sturgis Michigan.
Yeah.
Like that goddamn world league of American football crap that the NFL is trying to pull off.
Barcelona and Amsterdam and all his other teams, those phony of baloney.
I'm going to tell you something having been over there many, many times and they do put that crap on TV.
And they put some of it on here too, by the way.
They don't have enough people in those stadiums to fill a goddamn phone booth for the world league of American football.
Because that's not their football.
Their football is FUTBOL and it happens to be soccer, which I hate like poison, but nevertheless that's their thing.
Are they ever going to buy into this NFL stuff?
No.
Anybody with a brain, Humper knows that the problem, the biggest problem, and of course it goes along with the greed and all these salaries and all the goddamn ticket prices.
But the biggest problem is expansion, watering down the product.
Like I've said before, you really don't want to a restaurant have a fine wine, an expensive wine, but it's delicious.
And then they keep jacking up the price and watering it down.
You're going to want to go back?
No.
I don't think so.
Great letter to the editor today, by the way.
Jerome Schirke and Aventura and the Harold Wrights are disgrace.
Not everyone may have understood Jim Moore in September 29th cartoon on a second amendment in a well-regulated militia.
The possession of a weapon by almost anyone isn't what makes a well-regulated militia.
In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, the purpose of a militia was the defense against Indian attacks.
This was justified at the time, but today we realize that it's bordered on if it wasn't actually genocide.
The National Guard is the descendant of the militia and is supposed to be used in time of emergency,
whether natural disaster or civil strife.
The Anarchy of Gun Ownership by Unqualified Individuals is a disgrace.
Oh!
By Jerome Schirke and Aventura and I scoagged Jerome Great Letter to the editor.
All these NRA notes that like to twist and turn and manipulate the goddamn second amendment.
To mean something that it never did and never does and still doesn't.
So that they can have their rod.
Twenty before 11 at 560, WQAM, little people are ISO.
Jog is done and knows where the George did blow cocaine.
Huh?
Yes, there's no evidence.
No, I should be convinced.
Okay.
He just smiles all the while and denies cocaine.
KVN U.K.
Two and four, resident cocaine.
Now he's walking your boat, but don't ask him about cocaine.
He'll just lie and he'll smile at his eyes cocaine.
He'll tell your judge about except for what he had cocaine.
And we're all pretty sure his fun is worth big blur cocaine.
What a shame, it's a scam to the ground.
Boy, cocaine.
Pen 46 at 560, WQAM.
So what am I going to do about these pantheid tickets for Saturday?
The pantheir red wing game?
Well, I've put a couple of asses in those two seats to mine.
Don't want any empty seats.
Still can't get over it.
I wish if you were there last night, you know I'm talking about them.
By the way, some of your people take it personally.
If you take it personally, then it must be a reason for it.
I go and take a leak and I'm walking back toward my seat and some guy out there in the hallways says,
well, I love hockey, Neil.
As if to say, you know, he's taken a personal because I'm saying there's no real hockey fans and it's not.
Hey, listen, I'm very grateful for everybody that shows up.
Or at least almost everybody that shows up there.
But that doesn't mean you know the game.
I mean, that's great.
Oh, and by the way, talk about, I said everything was going to be really upbeat and positive today.
Sorry, I was wrong.
One negative, well two negatives.
Nothing's perfect.
We don't want to get too carried away.
First of all, the food.
You know, Wayne, I want to say this.
Echo one Hank is always saying about the food and the establishment of this down the sporting establishment except for Carter.
It blows.
Now the food at the Macarena was never all that good last year.
But at least there was a little bit of variety.
This year what they've done to make the fans even happier than ever before is cut down on a variety and jack the prices up.
I don't eat there.
All I do is drink a diet soda because I don't want to subsidize Wayne, give him my money.
Listen to this.
John goes and gets a hot dog.
Onion rings and two diet sodas.
1550.
Hot dog.
Onion rings.
Two diet sodas.
1550.
And as far as the quality of the food.
Later on he goes and gets one of those little ice cream cups or whatever that crap is they sell there.
Half the size of what it was before.
Same price.
375.
For about a turd full of ice cream.
And also they've cut the flavors back.
It's like chocolate and vanilla.
That's it.
I mean Wayne what is wrong with you?
I mean maybe now you're beginning to understand whether or not so many people show up.
We got the most exciting player in the world.
But the fact is you want to gouge and gouge and gouge and gouge and gouge and do everything in your power to piss off the public.
Doing a good job too by the way.
You got John Henry wandering around in that crappy sold him.
Wandering around and standing to looking for fans.
With a guy named Arrow in a road map to try to show somebody where to go sit.
Have their own section.
And what was the other I said there was one there's got to be one other one.
What was the other negative?
Oh yeah so after here we are this exciting last couple of minutes only in Miami by the way.
To show you what a bunch of dummies we got and I'm not saying everybody.
There are probably a couple thousand maybe more than that four or five.
A whole bunch of people bailed out we know three or four minutes to go.
Got to meet the rush you know it's only like 10 o'clock at night.
What's a big deal?
Got to get out of there.
And we make the big comeback.
We tie it up on a great the passion play parade.
Or Whitney the coslaw fits in the net.
Tie it up to a piece.
Seconds later here's head of kin from the blue line.
It's in the next three to two.
After the tying goal.
And last night was magnet schedule giveaway.
You know they give out these chotches a lot of nights when you come in to give you a banner or cap something like that.
And last night was the panty schedule for this season on these little magnets that the refrigerator magnets you know.
So after we score the tying goal all of a sudden we look around and they're heaving these things out on the ice.
And they're like big they're like this.
And they're throwing there must have been 40 or 50 of them heaved out by assholes out on the ice.
And all the rest of us were booing and screaming at these people.
What's wrong you idiot?
See let me just tell you this right now even though some invasiles thought they were having a great time with it.
That whole rat thing back four years ago when they had the big Stanley Cup playoff run.
That was inexcusable because it conditioned assholes to throw crap on the ice.
You don't throw stuff on the ice.
You could throw penny out on the ice and somebody could catch a skate and break an ankle.
You have to be a moron to throw stuff on ice.
So the PA guy's got to make the announcement.
Please stop me.
Our ladies and gentlemen refrain from throwing objects on the ice.
Otherwise the path is going to be penalized for a delay of game.
Then head into scores to go ahead goal.
It's three to two.
We're all excited.
Here come a couple of more out on the ice.
Thank God we didn't get penis eyes for it but nevertheless.
You people that were throwing that crap on the ice last night.
I wish that they could identify who you were.
I put your names on here.
We would ban you from any not just sporting event any public event for the rest of the day.
You're assholes, you're morons, you're idiots, you embarrass this town.
All the rest of us who go there to have a good time or go there to schmooze,
whatever we go there to do.
We're embarrassed and humiliated and degraded by your juvenile idiotic behavior.
Always talking about those new yorkers.
You know they're throwing like batteries at the players out there in the outfield
and doing all these grotesque things in New York and filling places like that.
We shouldn't be pointing the finger at anybody else.
We got more and I'm talking to some people between periods last night by the way.
Who write the dolphin game Monday night.
Who to several of them telling me they wouldn't go again if you paid them to go there.
Between the drunks and the fights and the obnoxious idiotic people behaving like lunatics.
See that's what a good tailgate party will do for you baby.
Oh you're peeing on our parade baby.
You're screwing our fun up.
Well hey listen up.
Nothing wrong with having fun.
You don't have to be obnoxious to have fun.
You don't have to be disgusting and make everybody else feel like,
yeah I don't even want to come here again.
Unbelievable behavior of some of these assholes there last night.
But it's not going to change and see another part of the problem here.
And this goes back to our good friend John Henry who thinks we're going to take somebody's tax money
and build a stadium for a game that's played in the summertime.
One of the reasons that they're off to the end.
And by the way I know this is going to really embarrass the hell out of you when you hear this
before I make my point.
Tampa the worst team in the league by far the Tampa Bay Lightweights who have like a little league team.
Sold out their home opener.
Well I'm just telling you those nose pickers, those Yahoo's, those crackers and loot.
Although silly people were always making fun of over there in a West Coast in Tampa.
They sold out their home opener.
And we felt like 25 hundred short for our home opener on Saturday and last night like I said,
you could have put more people in a phone booth than we had in that Macarena.
That they spent $200 million to build and spent 10 million years so we could have the most exciting player in the world.
Pavel Burry out there and the meantime people sit on the rest and don't show up.
I'm embarrassed for you.
Really am.
I'm embarrassed for myself.
And by the way nice job.
Neil sure got a lot of extra people out there.
Did I last night?
No.
No, didn't work.
Didn't work.
I guess if I would give them tickets away and even then they probably wouldn't show up because if it's for free, you know,
well, didn't pay for it.
I don't really give a crap.
I'll stay home and watch the baseball game or something or play Tidley Wanks or my job.
Carrying extra weight.
It can shorten life study confirms right on the front page of both of your newspapers today.
See I'm like the people.
I don't want to pick on my good friend Shirley Peters, aka Gypsy Rose Lee or whatever he's called herself these days because she's on a psychically which will make a lot of money.
And she's a woman.
So you know according to the study, maybe it's not so bad for her.
Like my mother who's 150 years old.
She's fat.
She's been fat as long as I can remember.
And she's probably going to live to be 200.
She'll probably outlive me.
Goddamn it.
But nevertheless, wait till you hear this.
A huge new study confirms that being overweight can shorten the person's life.
As if this is a shock but nevertheless, with one surprising exception, black women as an anti-omama.
The American Cancer Society study published in today's The England Journal of Medicine followed more than a million men and women for 14 years.
Among those who started out healthy and never smoked the risk of death from all causes climbed with weight.
However, when race was considered different as emerged, the fattest white men and women had at least doubled the death risk of those of normal weight.
White men and women.
Fat.
Black men showed only a small increase in death risk.
Damn it.
Roy!
And black women, even those weighing well more than 200 pounds like that fat bitch Oprah, showed no statistically meaningful increase in the rate of risk of death.
How do you like that?
I guess them collard greens is what does it?
Or that fried chicken?
Maybe all of a sudden, they started eating the Kentucky fried.
Huh?
Or I'm sorry, Popeyes.
Black folks don't eat Kentucky fried is soul food for white folks.
Like Motown was soul music for white folks.
That's Kentucky fried.
Black people eat that.
They be eating the churches chicken in the bowdangle.
Right?
And churches chicken.
And a little bit of that jerk chicken too, into that and some of that jerk pork.
That's what I told that driver yesterday.
He started moving real quick.
The study already is causing us, he didn't even understand it. He was moving quick.
The study already is causing us to stir in the world of obesity research both because the finding about black women cannot be explained.
And because it could be misinterpreted to suggest that they have little to fear from fat.
In fact, the finding is hard to interpret.
Black women and higher rates of death from all causes, including obesity related diseases, then white women almost every weight category.
Even skinny and normal weights.
For unknown reasons, being overweight did not add to the already higher risk of death for black women.
Now it's starting to sound a little convoluted, isn't it?
So in other words, if they had high blood pressure and diabetes and stuff like that from being fat, then they were dying like crazy.
So this is, but nevertheless, nevertheless, wait till you hear this.
This is going to make you really gag on it.
Whatever you got in your mouth right now, you're going to gag on it.
Speaking of that truck driver.
Corpulence is epidemic in the United States despite the well-known dangers and a culture that worships thinness.
About 55% of American adults fit the World Health Organization definition of overweight fat fat fat.
A body mass index ratio of weight to height of 25 to 29.9, obesity is defined as an index of 30 or more.
How do you like that?
Excess weight is a particularly serious problem for black women.
About 37% of index of 30 or more compared to 23% of white women.
About 10% of red sediments so on.
Because I'm with this racial crap.
We don't care about what we care about is fat.
55% of American adults.
All American adults, black and white and green and yellow and purple and spick and Jews and go, 55%.
Fat.
Eating way way too much.
And let me say it again.
Medical profession has totally thoroughly let us stop.
You're killing us. You axe murderers you.
Oh oh.
Oh my head.
Poor slaughtered down.
Meal on chain-eyed records.
It's that mixed-kinchewawa from the Taco Bell commercials singing like you've never heard him before.
Which of course you haven't heard him sing like this before.
Because this is the first time he's ever sung.
Today's hot hit.
Licky my butt's then taking a nap.
Oh, in sweetened games.
The Taco Bell dog sings today's hot hit.
He keeps you all the big hits you love.
Son by a little dog you can put up with most of the time.
I like the bark.
So here I go again.
I'm gonna bark at the neighbors call.
I like the bark.
So here I go again.
I'm gonna drive you up to the wall.
That little Taco Bell dog has many moves.
And you'll hear him express them all right here.
Walking time starts about the time that my brother can hold you anymore.
Well, we are gonna be walking time to better find the leash before I cut those right on your floor.
Oh, I can't hold myself the whole day long.
That means my heart is so strong.
Oh, you'll kick a beat.
The Taco Bell dog sings today's hot hit.
It's guaranteed to be hotter than that last big beat for Rita.
We ordered it at the drive through.
It's a level two of five 60 W K.
We got Hank into a clock today.
We got all Hank and Bino at five o'clock speaking of Bino.
And then the sixth day we got her a cool hotline Yankees and Texas Rangers eight o'clock tonight.
And here like a fool I thought that game was last night game two.
But they got this crazy schedule on him.
By the way, if you didn't stay up till two thirty in the morning, the match lost the Arizona last night seven or one.
Here, there's another New York team lost the game.
Thank God.
Nice going again.
What light really brilliant 11 o'clock and that game by the way didn't start to 11 15 because we were a home watching hockey.
So the red socks Indians game and then watching a lot of hockey and then flipped over and they still hadn't started the goddamn game out there in Arizona.
10 after 11 they were getting ready to start.
Brilliant nice move bud.
So anyway my good friend Allen over there at Delight of West Bokka, which is new sponsor bar.
So he sent a whole box of this good stuff down these low car bars that have only two grams.
Now if you want to eat those anchors bars like I told you before, he's got them.
The Actions protein bars all seven different rotest flavors.
I just can't recommend them because every time I taste one I say gee.
I mean gee.
Yeah, that's right.
One of the flavors is God gean at which specifically we are told that if you want to keep your humble levels down, don't beat no gee gee.
Please.
But they got these other rock low car bars that are great.
Low grab would have this one has two and those other ones the protein ones have two and a half grams per bar and they got some taste.
And I'm not going to say they're wow delicious, but what a great way instead of sitting down and having a big meal.
So let me just say this about Actions about all these diets is that too many of us are looking for ways to keep shoveling enormous amounts of food in our face and expecting it on the scale the next day and the day after that and watch the pounds just melt away.
For some people maybe that's going to happen, especially if you're enormous.
The Actions does work like that in the beginning, but the whole concept of that of course is ridiculous because that's the problem in the first place is that in this country
we eat way way way way way too much and not only way too much, but too much God damn you find carbohydrates too much starts too much sugar too much crap.
That's what makes you fat not dietary fat.
I've been telling this for a hundred years what makes us fat is carbohydrates period.
So you know we got pumpkin seeds.
I got these little.
Halapinga snacks and white cheddar snacks and just something to lunch on not something that nice that's got almost no carbs in it to tide you over until you're going to have your nice little little meal whatever the hell it's going to be.
I had one meal with mommy's house yesterday. I had the meatballs and scallops delicious.
Great.
And then I had my diet soda at the ball game last night when home last night after the game had a little bit of that Tyson B strips that I put in the microwave a little melted the cheese on it and that's it.
That's what I had the whole day five pounds gone on a scale in one day mostly water but nevertheless makes you feel much better and makes you psychologically feel better to like you make a little progress.
So thank you Alan at the lights of West Boka. There's all this bread in there low carb bread crackers all kinds of good stuff.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Don't forget our bit is still $3,000 on the Windex EQ M auction package including that beautiful the trip to for two to beautiful Atlanta's resort in the Bahamas including airfare transfers hotel and meals.
Paratickets to every dolphin game left in the home season $500 gift certificate. The Manhattan jewelry exchange at the Oasis and saw grads mills mall autographed on to a football $100.00 when they see gift certificate certificate for dinner runway 84 restaurant gift certificate for one hour.
The
former
was either giving you a bunch of below me or we just had a lot of people that bought tickets and shoot them up on some kind of a diet.
For people that want to sell that stuff on the ice they show the guy point the guy out on TV last night show the guy pointing out was throwing stuff good actually that was pretty good.
I want to see the tape of that I want to know which asshole it was okay we'll find out who he is and put it.
He's in a lower ball. Listen up my girlfriend turned me on a hockey couple years ago. True hockey fan. I listen. She picked me up one time to go out when she was listening to it on the radio which I found pretty strange for a woman but anyway she she liked me up with it.
Excellent excellent. Great. Well I'm glad you like it. Okay. Thank you. Okay. 567.0560.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Got a whole plate full of good stuff here today. Do we see a tremendous response here?
No. No. Not really. Pretty mediocre to be honest with you. Pretty bitterly disappointing is usual just like to turn out last night.
But I started to say this before interrupted myself with all this good stuff. See you got to understand we're not in the season yet.
We're starting to get some of the snowboards back but it's only like early October we're not in the season yet. So John Henry if you think that we're going to have you know spend hundreds of millions of dollars to build a stadium in the for a sport that's played in the middle of the summertime.
What have the population isn't here then you're really dreaming. You need a god damn lobotomy is all I can say to you. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Exactly. Because even here like the first weekend October there's still like billions of people.
They're not going to be here to like Thanksgiving Christmas. Whenever the hell it is. It's Hanukkah because it's still a seasonal horse in Bungie town. Isn't that embarrassing? Isn't that unbelievable? Horse in Bungie seasonal town.
So we got hundreds of thousands of people who aren't here. Because they only come and stay away when it's absolutely unbearable wherever they're from up north somewhere and a lot of free the rass off. Can't understand that.
You've been tired of those annoying things on your driveway like oil and rust and even blood. I'm old. You got to do. Give us a call here at the water.
We're going to be here at the water. We're going to be here at the water. We're going to be here at the water. We're going to be here at the water.
We're going to be here at the water. We're going to be here at the water. We're going to be here at the water. We're going to be here at the bottom of the school. Just taking notice of death for all age groups, even people over 75.
becomes a way of life. It becomes like obsessive. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neal, you've
talked about tough hockey players before. It was a big article today's paper about the
backup goalie. It's so monstrous for the Panthers. They must have skated the courses
next, Rokomussel. Kiko's teeth, bit off his tongue. He took eight minutes, came back and
finished the game. Now that's tough. There you go. That's a real man. That's a real
man. All these sports people around here should take a lesson. I pulled the muscle in
around for six weeks. That's a real man. I'm sure you've shown. I've been watching
the NHLs back in the 50s. I left the heat talk about you really now. Have a great day,
pal. Yeah. Too bad we don't have any hockey fans down here. Look at him. I mean, I'm giving
away these tickets. These are great seats. Almost right at center-rise. My own seats, section
101. Red Wings and a Panthers this early night. The Detroit Red Wings, one of the premier
teams in National Hockey League with Stevie Eiserman and Federerov and all those guys that
are in McCarty and my God. There's no interest here. It's like when we gave the tickets
away for that last exhibition game, remember right up against the glass and one that
opposed it didn't even bother picking them up. There is no interest in anything here. There
is no interest in anything. There is no passion for anything. Make no mistake about it, which
is why we had thousands and thousands and thousands of empty green seats there last night
disguised as people. Oh, what a vacuum place. I'm serious. When I get home, what I'm going
to do then, I'm going to get out a calculator. You know how Eric on our website, neo-ranges.com,
he's got the number of shows left before I hang it up in three years. I'm going to actually
figure out the number of minutes and then maybe I'll even extrapolate at times, you know,
figure out the number of seconds. It's just unbearable. It's unbelievable. The lethargy, you
have to kick these people in the ass, you have to spank them. You have to be in a moment
ahead by a two by four. I've been doing it every day for 23 years and it doesn't get any
easier and it doesn't get any prettier because they have no passion for anything. Nothing.
Zippity, Duda. Maybe a little bit of hate. They can muster that up especially for certain
kind of ethnic groups if you know what I mean. Back and forth with all of that crap, but
that's about the only time to get really animated. The rest of it's all window dressing. It's
all just a show. Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I was wondering, I heard
about this OJ stuff and I can't imagine sitting next to a guy in a golf court who cuts someone's
throat so wide open. How about if he would only cut her throat like halfway? It doesn't
matter. Anyway, I mean the way you said so wide, okay? No. Well, it's just a set of
way he did that. Yeah. And they ride around playing golf with them and what did they expect
to get from that for your station by having to go into this guy to get a golf tournament?
Don't you understand? There are some people like I've told him before who like to, you
know, sucking around with so-called celebrities. Yeah, that was them. They get some
vicarious thrill with the, you know, like, and just like George said to the last week,
all these acts murders that go to prison and all these women, all these desperate fat women
are writing the letters of marriage proposal in jail. And then some of them were station calls
around to get people to come and see you or something? Does that what happened to someone called
around to say, well, there's debate on that. Some of the people here deny that. Okay, well,
listen, you have a good day. What was that? What the hell? Five six seven, oh five sixty,
pound five sixty on it is if there's OJ stories and mystery. You know, it's interesting. I only
talked about that for like a week and then we get people like that. It's far as they're
called in the yesterday, which we weren't talking about and he's chewing the out because I'm
talking about OJ too much. And why don't we give it a rest? And now this guy wants to be
asked the whole story again. And he slithered her throat so wide open. If he would have done
it a little more anaceptically, maybe kind of like the meatier's underworld, you know, kind of like in the side.
Then it would have been, yeah, then we'd like to go out and have a couple of drinks with him.
Yeah, I stored a little coke with Pedro Guerrero. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, down. Yes, sir. Another isolated incident.
Yes. Up in Jersey, a priest. He's solicited some 15 year old boy over there.
There's no facts in the church. Yeah. And the bathroom is an undercover cop posing as a kid.
I mean, just so you know, wait a minute. 15 year old kid posing as a cop.
I mean, you know, 15 year old cop posing as a kid.
Well, they're getting the cops are getting younger all the time.
Well, how do you like that? But he's solicited the poor.
Maybe this is part of that new priest police squad that we got. We got a police
where we think else. How about the priest, Poli? What does the priest need with the internet anyway?
What does he need? What is the better place to procure all the toys?
Police for kids. Oh, hey, I'd like to go to the hockey game if you want to get me those pickups.
No, I don't think so. 5670560, Pond. Don't be picking on the Catholic church.
Okay, everybody. It's like a hobby. Now, everybody wants to pick on a guy named Catholic Church.
Just because there are a bunch of silly people living in the stone age and tell people
they keep making babies like animals like rabbits. I mean, why do you want to pick on a
Catholic? Just because the priests are all a bunch of pedophiles mostly and all a bunch of fags.
I mean, why do you want to pick on a Catholic church for doing that? Sir, come on,
let's get with it. Just don't forget. There's no fact in the church.
You heard that first right here on the show and we keep repeating that over and over and over again.
So you don't have to pick a bone with us about that. Go pick a bone with Father O'Toole
if he ain't already got one. Here's a Pemberpine. Hello?
Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, I'm about to take it. I'd like to take my little brother.
They can be big. No, we're not. We're not. We're having a talk show here today, okay?
I'm not. We're not doing this crap. I'm trying to take my little brother. This is a talk show.
I spent a whole hour here again today talking about all kinds of crap from fat people to God,
they Michael Meos column to letter that great letter about the second amendment and the gun nuts,
all these other things. Which is why we almost never see. I'm the only reason I'm doing this
today is because I do. I said to the people there in our role last night when I'm not here,
I want to give the tickets away to somebody to make sure there are ashes in the seat.
Because I don't want to be part of these embarrassing folks who have seasoned tickets. We don't
bother giving the tickets to anybody. So at least the place is full and we got some enthusiasm
and it looks better. That's what I said. What I probably should have done was found out if there's
anybody around here that would like these tickets for Saturday and given to them and then maybe
we could have done a goddamn radio show here without a bunch of free loaders. Oh, my little brother,
we're like, well, scroll your little brother, okay? Scroll your goddamn little brother unless
father or tool gets to him first. God. Maybe I'm going to do I'm going to burn these tickets right
on the ear. I'm going to burn them. I am. I'm going to burn the tickets and a parking pass.
And then we'll have a goddamn exorcism because I'm smoking. I felt great. I lost five pounds on a
scale. George is doing a great job of trying to put the pieces together like Humpty Dumpty
with a center one thing. It looks like that's going to come out okay in a few days.
Everything's looking up. We're getting our 800 line. If we live long enough here at QA and we're
getting that thing put in so the people finally from out of town for Myers and all over the world
can call us on our dime in a few days. That'll start. We hope finally after all of the last
psychosis of two weeks and all the best I can get out of this goddamn audience. Oh, my little brother,
we like to go in the air. Take your little brother. Go out and hold up a goddamn convenience store
and buy a couple of tickets. Okay, and then he can take you to the game. Julio.
God. Here's Pembert Pine. Tell him. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing this morning?
Okay. How was it doing great until these idiotic calls started? These are probably the people
who were throwing the crap on the ice last. I wouldn't doubt it. Hey, looking at the head
that comes from any local sections. Yeah. Just right above where the OJ thing
were about to Sam and Greg Reed. Another isolated incident as the Sun sent a word call it
on this guy. He was beaten up on his girlfriend and the cops responded, right? The cop went to stop
him and he decided to flee but he dragged the cop right in his car. Clean. Right. The cop did what
he was trained to do. Basically emptied his gun and did stop the guy. The guy still arrived.
Yeah, I saw him. I saw the kid. I don't understand why they had to shoot him.
He's only dragging a cop along on the side of the car. He's trying to arrest him and do his job
because it's the scumbag. Right. What makes people like that lady Winston wrote that
phone call. This one has an orgate-related incident and it happened up here. There isn't anything
to scream about. Yeah. Anything to add to Shane? Unbelievable. Hey, listen, I'm a fan from Wayback.
I still have my jersey with Strockett's name in number. Yeah. It's well taken about when he comes
back we'll give us some tickets. He goes to you and play for the Panthers. 567-0560-050-050 on the AT&T
wireless line. Sherry Winston tastes good like a torch. I sure that's what the slogan is at the
Sun sentinel and then she's got some other Indian column and totally a passing skating right on
by the crap that she wrote the other day and the surely response that I'm sure she received
from the vast audience out there. Probably our audience. 567-0560-050-050-050 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's my knee-beach. Hello. Okay. They're gone. Preloaders. Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you happen to catch little dogs lame interview with Mark Parrish
this morning? No, I did not. I didn't hear any of the worst thing. He was pushing on him and trying
to do one of his how's it going with the ladies and were you guys apart? He just said that with him
last week. He just had him on here about 10 days ago. How's it going with the ladies, Bullcrab?
And then he started it. He started in with, well, Mark, you sound like you're dead. You sound
like you're really tired. I mean, you must have been out there trying to hit it with the ladies.
I mean, it was endless. It was really embarrassing. Yeah, no questions, no material. I like the Wii Wii. Yeah.
I mean, but then and last night I was at the game and I mean, I thought I was back in the
National Mausoleum. I mean, not to mention nobody was there. I mean, the people that were there
were sitting on their hands. I mean, what wasn't a very good game? That's a compliment. You
know, especially after they went up to the one they went in that trap. I mean, it was coma inducing.
But then, you know, if you stuck around and you hope for the best, we got our monies worth
there at the end. And it was phenomenal and simple. I think if you just stuck through the old
deal and it was only like, you know, we got out of there 10, 15 tonight. What's a big deal with that?
You know, I don't understand these people like a bunch of little children because I get up seven
o'clock in the morning. It's barely early. I don't sleep until noon. I got to get up seven to come
here every day and work. What time do these people go to bed at night? 10 o'clock?
I told Puzzi. I got to get up early for work too. I stuck through the whole thing. It was fine.
Sure. And how about those assholes throwing a crap on the ice? I like to kill them.
You ever see anything so embarrassing in your life? No, man. And we almost got a penalty. We've
been a crucial part of the game too. Maybe, you know, we tie it now. All the idiots are throwing
everything on the ice and maybe we get a penalty. Maybe we lose this.
We're going to conduct a goddamn investigation and we're going to find out who those assholes were.
And like I said, ban them from airbie guys. In fact, we're going to make sure
we have more of those ankle bracelets, you know? And if they ever leave the house,
that thing's going to start making shrieking howling noises that we still got bad headaches from,
by the way. That went over very big with the audience. They love that. Yeah, they could feel our pain.
They thought they could feel our pain. You had to be here to feel it because your head was like,
oh, like janitor in a drum. Man, what's the wish you'll got from a sport?
I got warped. They're called the sirens.
Oh, my bad. Oh, my bad.
And different sizes.
I'm a fire.
When you stand out, we're all those things coming.
Can't see a heart on hang on you.
We got to hang on.
Those people made their bed.
And get those goddamn things removed.
There's no one else in the better family on one or two.
I got students in awards, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like,
I'm like, I can't see a heart on anyone.
I got you in the class.
I got students in, more than 80 or anywhere else.
I think getting those candles on the table with a rock that is punished.
Because you know, I'm allowed to use it.
Do you want me or whose country I give this bag to?
one thirty two and five fifty them to come you know one thing i don't
understand because they've all these people are keep sending us to get us on
these mailing list for this of pornography most of it gay pornography and i
don't understand why does anybody want to pay for a publication like that
that's got ugly naked people
when can we get some straight porn over here for no no no when can we get i
don't care gay or straight one can we get some good looking people naked that's
what i would like to see okay that's what we want to see like the uh... the
delivery guy the courier guy
bring him in your time we're doing a strip search to make sure you bring a
little bomb in the building you won't know the difference you just got off the
boat
all right by the way speaking of getting off the boat anybody see that story on
uh...
front page of the herald by the way
some sandal didn't find it quite as assimilating
more cubans washing up on shore
front page of the herald
that kids can't get a guy to a bunch of school no textbook to take home
nobody's right nothing about that at the herald we have more illegal aliens
trying to force their way in front page of the herald not that they're pandering
you understand
here's a mobile in hollywood hello
they are doing okay sir
last night watching the game i think we're disturbing the most not only with the
you know people of the idiot from the stuff in the ice you're talking about a
nationally televised game
that's right on the doomsday last night that's correct yeah and uh... you know i
mean i had relatives call me from up north you know harassing me about the uh...
we are fans are down here yeah but it is it's downright it's embarrassing
you know and also uh... well you know i have yet to hear from anybody today to
tell me how come they decided they were going to be their last night there
were a whole bunch of season ticket holders obviously much discovered uh...
romance or something exciting last night because they sure as i didn't show
their ads up second day of the season and they're not there
right i mean that that that that that shows you kind of fans are in florida
and we need to build and we need to build more stadiums
right well we can come close to filling up the ones that we got
in the in the suspension of the time i just want to say one thing because i said
it before
this is not and never will be a sports town i realize it's a sports station
so the other people on the station the other twenty hours of the they have to
put on an act in pretend that is because that's their livelihood i understand
that this is not and it never ever will be a real sports time so i go ahead
right i mean i grew up in uh... nor the virginity of the dc or so i mean i
suffered with the cap and and the boys but i mean you know the red skins in
their down years and people there i mean there's seventeen year waiting
was for season tickets to the right you know and i when i moved to south florida
which was a mistake to begin with but i have never been around more melancholy
just fair weather fans have ever seen in my life that's right unbelievable
it's unbelievable i want a small gathering we had their left in the last couple
minutes of game to see the most important part of the most exciting part
that just had everybody filming at the mouth and the weather's time and they
and you know you run out of their feeling great about life a was great it was
worth coming and it was exciting
right and it the suspension on the the gentleman of it madano
the ten the ten games were the one to lay yeah that animal yeah
you believe ten games was enough for no but you see the problem is that the
players union is got these deals and i'm unfortunately league went along with it
so they've got like a maximum thousand dollar fine and
and you know so they just keep slapping these guys on the right he should have
gotten
uh... somebody suggested a minute to get ideas many games is madano missus whoever
the player is that you win your you should be forced to sit out and not get paid
for as many games as the player misses right that was one of the most vicious
hits i think in the long time and don't forget that the two teams are playing an
a high mcandamaran it's going to be a blood bad
yeah yeah
i need have a great day pal thank you all you have no respect for each other it's
a grotesque and by the way also i hate to break the news to you brand fans out
there who are at the game last night
it's a context for let me say it again pop out very as much as we love many did
get trip three times in a game saturday and it wasn't called in a
washing game that is correct but last night there was no penalty on any of the
times he got hit he got hit you know he's out there he's fair game he's
gonna get checked he's just another player okay as far as the other guys are
concerned
and every time he gets hit all by their screaming for a penalty they're carrying
on what's wrong with the right refuse to get with it get used to it okay
that's the way the game works only needle nose he was the only one that had an
exemption
here's a mobile in four-letter hello hello yes sir
me oh how you doing okay listen i've been listening to you since before puberty
and never ever called um point six now yes sir but uh listen i always listen
about um about how you said the uh saluting of talent in sports
i'm so afraid it's gonna happen to hockey and uh i'm not sure if i mean you're afraid
it's like it already has right yeah three-year-old stop watching baseball i mean it's horrible
but i was thinking of something the way i don't know how the uh british
premier ship works but uh with all the hockey teams in the u.s.n. Canada they should just kind
of take the h.l.ihl and bring the top 24 teams uh like they do it and you have like some type
of a premier ship and if you wouldn't in that league you move on to the next type uh like up to
the n.h.l. so then you can have like a team who has great talent if they have this
incredible support and money and talent you know like a team like moustache you get up there
yeah moustache they're going uh or halifax how about the calibit sounds good
well anyway i just think that it probably the best way that way you know that way now you're
waiting by the uh by the the end of the next five years we probably have six seven hundred
teams in the n.h.l.ihl it would be good well exactly and then you have the i.l.ihl
general games today we can start games at 10 in the morning and play till midnight
right well anyway i just uh you know there's something needs to be done and i hope the expansion
just doesn't go any further i mean i cried when i mean when the team goes into ten of c
and and by the way how about that carolina team okay they're moving on their new arena they
sold all of forty five hundred season tickets wow really made a difference the net no no
yeah and heart for the dian they wish they had a team yeah so it seems too many in every sports
or six teams too many when a doubt cut them out and have a great day no five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line i've already burned the tickets okay so bug off
did i burn them while only a georgian i know for sure here's a mobile in my any hello
well there's those crackling sounds sounds dangerous to me sounds ominous mobile in my any hello
hello yes sir oh hi nil yes sir it's not a mobile actually here's a stationary in my any
they don't burn those tickets they're crazy i'm a uh kines fan reason for munchy all goodbye five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line hey by the way those cannot yet
the habitants they got their ass beat by admitted life night two to one they got real bad problems in
the room they got all kinds of problems in the room where is by the way coordinate source i had
yesterday i don't want to say rumor but the rumor for the rumors rumors he says the elites are
getting shane korsan from on fjol for the aging sylvan kote the frog defenseman who's
heading to sit by the way there right nice going to be a little pack you a frog sandwich
these people don't know anything about this stuff what am i what am i talking about here what am i
doing let's burn them again okay let's get the crackling out again there you go just
fanning the flames again like you always do you jackass fanning the flames of hysteria
i noticed by the way they're off of that jimmy story now that now that all the sports writers have
agreed with what i said yesterday and hank in the middle of his show evidently from the spirited
port i get from bifold this morning did a 180 degree turn around and said well uh he was right
you're god damn right i was right fatso i was right he's a hard ass he's a thin skin piece of turt
that's always busy pointing the finger at somebody else anybody who's got any kind of class
any kind of character especially your superstar that would be like if burry had an off night last
night which he did by the way but we still want to game but if we would have lost the game
there would be like a jerk ball carry murray coming in the paper today saying wow you know we're
paying the sky ten million here he's got to step up well what kind of a jerk would that be
you'd laugh at the sky while more than we already are
just isn't done okay by anybody with class but you know something it's only the last three letters
of that word that you know jimmy class those are the only three letters that you understand
as in recto you got it oh Neil my queen god new from time life was music
it's a synatra compilation that varies the competition
come die with me let's die let's die away
i sure could use some sarcophagus because i'll be dead any day come die with me let's die let's die away
don't miss out on the last collection of hits from old blue eyes before the maggots get to him
oh
oh
i'll die any day
i'll be a cool
cadaver
new course
new course
oh
right
and after greatest hits the final chapter yes the chairman of the board with a fond final
farewell
well regar mortis regar mortis i'll be stiffer than the two bike farmers ask the undertaker
with a i've gone to meet my maker
water have credit card ready and call one eight hundred cadaver that's one eight hundred cadaver
order today before it's too late
next it's too late you're right eleven forty five at five sixty wqm so anyway i just a little
message out there to save you some time tracy foster and the Greg soyer who i think maybe the same
my asshole i don't read your faxes so when you fax him on this machine in here i tear him up
and throw him out as soon as i see the name and Jason just brought me another one from Greg soyer
the same one that he faxed me on this machine this morning and as soon as i saw the name i tore it
up and threw it in the basket i don't read them what's the point it's crap it's caca okay
what in the world would be the point of my sitting here wasting like even five seconds reading swill
when you know exactly what it's going to be ahead of time every single fat caca
whoop pisson what else what am i missing you got it pretty much it to a tee
there are three letters before the tee i think s h might be the first two
so anyway jokas teller just came in for a second and i said hey when he said you go into the game
sir i said no not going to be here i'm trying to give these tickets why i said hey you want to go
he's already got his tickets so if jokas teller wouldn't have his own tickets i would have given
him to him just now just to get rid of this thing this burden and by the way if you do want him
it's not a good idea to start the call by saying oh i'm a Montreal canadians fan guess what
see ya see ya the smell of dead frog starts uh seeping into my brain as soon as i hear that
the ghost of marise for sure i know he's still alive he's hanging on
barely here's a mobile invoker hello no i want to share a story of incompetence
on pro players stadiums part go right ahead rip of the last man i was at the game
Monday night care their kiske's up yeah you're you're gonna love this one ticket to him
i had club seats i usually get there three hours before the game and i usually don't have a
problem with traffic but this particular game i was invited into a sky box with a friend of mine
who happens to uh oh misky box and he has now a parking passes on my advice
well i get there a few minutes before kickoff and i'm going in to park where the
value is yeah and they tell me i can't go in there and it's full they said we are not allowing
anyone to go into the stadium to park because it's full now you got there when i got there
just right out about kickoff i thought you could get there three hours before the game usually i
usually do i don't know why i'm parking but yeah here's my point yeah okay i don't own a sky box
i'm a chef but my friend does own a sky box and he pays 60,000 here for the privilege right to get
to a kickoff have his car parked yeah not have to show up yeah they told me and they told my friend
you i won't name his name because you might know him but they told us we had to go drive over to the
racetrack catch a bus and they would schlep us to the stadium but a bus i'm so surprised they didn't
tell you had to drive down to the golden latinor change in the you know do that the park and drive
and catch a bus yeah i mean you can leave this you know that's it of course i believe it they
treat everybody like crap and there's a bunch of Nazis in that place but here's a guy pretty
i have to do the previous game i heard hang talking about i heard manage both talking about it how
they're trying to get on the field or trying to go someplace and the Nazis in there because i know
it because back in the days when i used to go up to our sky box from i would be many years ago
when Phil Costner was treating us good and we used to go up there if you get on the elevator with
the wrong timer the guys in the wrong mood they don't want you to get on the elevator they like
give you the tenth degree they give you a body search and they go there you go nuts
not sees man can't imagine who they learned it from listen don't do it again get there really
five six seven one more reason by the way not to go to what those goddamn football games oh
but you know they make a difference because they don't want they they have no interest
they want to go to the tailgate party get struck i bet you if we had tailgate parties at the
hockey games then you'd start seeing all them right next come out all right let's get a couple of
kids walk there i had a good time they'll go in there and see that world kicks a mass
that's right see that big neager kicks a mass he ain't playing well he might start by the time
the games over i don't know they get something spook out there kicks a mass here's a pepper pine
hello hey do you know how you're okay hey just uh just want to pick and call you and uh let
you know that i'm a wall a wall suffering uh transplant of bostonian and no one has
suffered in sports setting wood the people yeah i mean i can't last night by the way
out yeah right i'm not coming i'm sorry he's not going but uh you know the people down here don't
have any passion no they don't they absolutely don't the whole thing is make believe it's based on
people just just splatter out a bunch of words they know what they're talking about don't have
any real feeling for it is those no passion to sip a viagra and drive fast towards the way these
people have turned on marino after one crappy game the last couple of days just because the coach
opened up a big mouth and because he's got no class it's guaranteed to prove what i've always
known you know this is a time with no appreciation no class no nothing with no brain you know and
and all the geese don't get down here until November you know what i mean and uh maybe we'll get
some fans over uh over the uh the car center right but uh you know uh i uh i had season six
of Bruins uh for ten years and saw bobby go to school at that goal when broccoli program
no i don't want to hear about that i know but i've seen that so many times i know i know i know i
don't want to know i can i mean i love dan kelly but i don't want to see that i know that
that there is kelly was a great dan kelly was great but dan i i mean i know you're dead but i don't
want to see that again i know but uh still i know i've seen that i've seen that i've worn a million
times then stop then that already i it's almost it's almost as bad as uh far as the you but
Henderson he's saying i don't see that boss they're go back into the box okay you know i don't
want to see that i gotta tell you you know uh Henderson that board again not yet i want to see
about him that's right a piece of crap you're absolutely right turn out to be a piece of turd pole
and i know i i want to tell you though uh you know suffering is as long as as long as i have uh
you know it it's tough to come down here yeah and have no passion for anything right how do you
how do you think i feel do you know where you from the air meet what were you from roaches your
home of the amerson don't you i was in the in the red wing stone hole game yeah the red wing stone
two eighties box tops and fifty cents cut into red wings there you go remember Tom Decker all right
yeah how about uh how about Steve dokel yeah remember him how about uh Joe cunningham yeah
and Tommy Burgess okay listen have a great day five six seven oh five sixty you remember all those
guys dr George huh yeah sure sure you the old Rochester red wings we had bill verdon air at center
field with the glasses on those are the days baby lukees their luscious luke and that of the
acid puke and then those other guys too much of goyam luar teas oh yeah Tommy lasorta
pitching for the Montreal royals the Havana sugar king you might have been interested in that
George he used to be at no certainly internationally there was the old Havana sugar king
and was cuban cuban cuban that's right cubans
oh by the way yeah my kaires by the way is going to come down and play in the next game maybe that'll
bring some people out oh it's just it's terrifying and why do we keep saying these things i mean
see i'm just not the kind of person who can just uh you know crawl up into a ball and accept it
i just i go to many other places where the people have passion for something where they're friendly
where they really care about something where you can have an intelligent conversation with them
about something uh you pick the topic and you can talk about it and like really enjoy yourself
and basically here it's like that's it you know that's a medley of our material is uh
okay that's another stupid fact is it well why are you bringing that in here tear it up Jason
please tear it up in the or have it for long something it's low low carb that's it
see you guys in there gonna have to understand because in the morning i hate i don't want to embarrass
those guys they actually read the facts is that they get from Tracy Foster who's a chronic spactor
factor with them an idiot a moron whatever it is and then we got correct sure those are the two
people i get 80% the facts is from and i don't read any of them they go i'll go in a circular file as in
crap yeah let's name all the old Rochester Red Wings then i'll give you the tickets come on let's go
Johnny and Ellie tire company baby there you go get Don Sherry on the phone he'll bring back some
of those memories from the old Amherst days huh there's a there's what's Jerry Chivers in the next
you just can't discuss anything of and whether it's sports whether it's politics whether it's
world offense whether it's like travel like in real parts of the world whether it's anything no matter
what it is what do these people care about what do they know what you know something i haven't had
a woman in three days thanks to us there you go well if you'd stop spending all that money in
bowling or whatever you're doing now seriously we have now i've you know the last woman called her
that i can remember we have had none today of course was that crazy bitch the one that's
marrying a lot that's about that one the crazy woman i showed up at specs out of the
the one that had that burdener hand or whatever was she was squeezing no women well i
too busy worrying about how it's really going to get out of jail i'm guiding light here's a mobile in
Miami hello i'm stationary Neil here's a stationary in Miami here they're like most in less in Miami
your psychic today Neil yes i called before you ever mentioned it the uh the both people you have
today yeah let me just say this my my son said come on my son's grandmother came from Cuba so i'm
not anti Cuban you're mama yeah yeah all right last week you were talking about the school
and i started to call and i didn't then i saw the thing on channel those on channel seven last
way and i heard a news report the other day where where they were stopping a boat and two of the
Cuban had nisheti swinging into coast guard right i'm thinking about the schools last but i
started i started to call out the what's the use but i mean we're supposed to have an immigration
policy 20,000 to the 20,000 plus every schlepper that lands on short yes and these people out there
cheering and about how great it is that's what how they had Rod rigorous said anybody who gets
here we can let him in that's what he said unbelievable and then one of one of the reason and i
started to call out was about it they had a Medicaid scam and it was millions upon millions of
dollars millions and every person involved in it had a Hispanic name every person involved well how
about the names of all the people at the airport that are smuggling all the goddamn hand grenades in
a coke and a heroine on a goddamn planes out there 99 and 9 10% of them were all Julios man
yeah and that's why they don't have time to come to the ball games to support anything else they're
too busy peddling drugs it's unbelievable they're the drug lords how do you think they the omni
survived all those years downtown when Maurice Faray was the mayor bragging about the drug money
coming in here sir and everybody was buying 400 vcars and putting you in their suitcase you got
the herald pandering saying upgraded as you got channel seven all the newscast right
right now the environment is on channel four who's telling the coast guard how to do their job right
you got a city the only thing the city offers is weather and people try to stay here because of
the weather yeah and it's a toilet well the absolute toilet they left the sh office city i'll
tell you that have a great day pal later now the immigration office at the i n s
s
s
s
five six seven oh i maybe you'll run into rimmer there he'll buy a lunch that they're trying to do it all
online three minutes before new that's when you go there that's when you do you stand online
hi policia jeannie i love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable are you still
shampooing with head and shoulders i guess i thought using head and shoulders a long time ago i
mean honestly who grows hair on their shoulders anyway yeah right so what are you using now well
it's like head and shoulders only without all those additives it's just called head let's tell them
about it girls
i feel better if you get some head wow where can i get head lots of places chicks you can stop by
my place later and i'll be happy to give you the head and fifteen minutes i'll have you shampooed
dials and blown dry jeannie you don't miss a lick do you have ten sounds great but is it expensive
not at all chicks i'd rather say there are places downtown where you can get head for less than
ten dollars jolly that's that price everyone should be getting head that's right chick when you say
head you set a mouthful hi i'm dr. Raymond philates from freedom all industries here to tell you
why you should get head first at lubricate each limp hair follicle leaving in a wrecked listening
shaft then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root leaving your hair soft shiny and
exhausted nothing does the job like head great can i get head from my hair dress of bruise probably
but you might want to try your girlfriend first
what hair with lots of volume nothing gets it up like head available to price you won't find
a lot and get some head what did you say i said i want you to go out and get head oh thank you sweet
jesus i'm going down down and head makes a great holiday gift last christmas my wife gave me some head
then i gave her a pearl necklace i've never seen her so choked up my girlfriend used to give me
head and then we got married now i'm lucky if i get jergons lotion and a national
i can feel the dirt my stuff your stuff you can't in the shower you want to come
you can't do more than all you want to do
if you try it out you're okay too yeah i can't run straight and feeling so
yeah i guess you never required i said yeah you feel better than you get some head
you feel better than you get some head oh yeah oh yeah
oh head shampoo come on give it a shot my hair looks great
you the nap
speaking of that by the way how's that career guy coming so to speak 205 at 560 wnaq way in 567 0560
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
here's the facts and thanks to kelly from bokeh age 21 that's kelly with an i so i'm assuming
it's a she or it's a guy that's a spelled his name wrong but at any rate kelly
shows me the sunsettinal same error okay so we don't want to pick only on a herald both papers
are stupid at idiotic and can't get it right there's the NHL standing this morning
northeast division auto in first place with four points Toronto Maple Leafs in second with six
points how do you like that oh man oh you know the tremendous work and care and proofreading
and really you know getting it right kind of mentality that goes into printing our newspaper
you have to have a special feel of appreciation for it you have to feel it
here's the facts from john oh by the way speaking of that whoever you run a phone we've
get them off right now unless it's important because i got to ask you a question
so uh john says uh why don't you have an email address for your show instead of all this
facts and crap that's a very good point now didn't you tell me what we do we do
so no but you're not talking about in here you're talking about with uh with our website our
website he's not talking about that that we get email four years later that's not what he's talking
about he's talking about like in the studio like a real radio show well if i brought my laptop in
meaning what do we have do we have the extra phone line yeah that's under here i think we do have it
yeah so all we need is a computer i'll be glad to buy a computer for in here okay
if that guy does the cheesy laptop the guy back there stops drilling i'll be glad to buy
our own computer for in here if he stops the guy then drilling under my ass again which were we
told that they're all done maybe they found out that does left the building oh my god they're
back to it again in the middle of this show oh i'll call clearance clearance what those
clearance gonna do he'll cry good he doesn't go down there and scored him like uh left us
no what do you what do you think they uh stopped drilling for it not because they're paying
any attention but because they seem to start crying they're out of the building it's a crazy
person up there he's uh he's squirting them five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line here's a mobile invoker hello hey me how are you doing okay sir oh man that is a
classic bit that's it uh nothing like a little head oh tell me about it uh listen new splash the
the next loss the game ended about what six o'clock this morning this morning the last seven
of one of the diamond backs which makes me feel very pleased about being alive oh that's
ridiculous what what what what it what it's the baseball commissioner even thinking about he's not oh
man but anyways listen uh this is a very good day today the main beliefs are doing great
and yet there's a doing great the next loss the graves one right and life goes on thank you okay five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's Perine hello yeah hey now
okay uh wing fan here I was wondering if I could get those tickets no no I don't give tickets to
somebody that's just some jackass that first of all says that he's a wingspan number one and
number two doesn't even have any conversation with me just called us okay I get the tickets and
the answer of course no chance get out of here get lost get out of town and I'm not giving no
tickets to that oh see oh I forgot about that that's right it's the red wings where we have all
these phony fans in town for the red wings we have the spandum after they want to stand
like a couple of times all these phony phony balonies all these new red wing fans with a red wing
jerseys who would know Steve iserman from Steve doll who would know exactly five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line mobile and west palm beach hello new god yes sir
I need to correct you on something yes after the replay last night head again wasn't credited with
the goal yeah it was a red or red or red or white thought god and I thought parish got it
it parish did get it that's right that's what I said at the time I thought it was red
directed but I didn't thought of what I know that it would have gone wide left if he
hadn't redirected between his legs back handed between his legs you got to right there between his
legs okay right between his legs and they did it on the interview yeah he was the first star so
they did an interview with them and they asked him to tell the truth if you got a piece and he said
yeah I got a first star mark parish yeah mark there how could that there with the game wedding
goal but how could he've been the first star of the game with game winning goal I don't I'm sorry
I mean brewery is the one that set up the tying goal and then he scored the clinching goal and
okay well whatever I mean he's a good kid mark I like I like brewery getting that open net I
thought he was going to go game without scoring on the Kings but he got the open net or never even shot
that's right just looked at him right looked at him there he knows how to do it that's right in looked
the right in yeah not even between his legs okay thanks pal okay I can stand corrected also I
are standing corrected nobody corrected me out because nobody here knows nothing about it several
days ago somebody asked me about Felix Poppin and I repeated a rumor that had been told to me like it
was true they've been traded the Vancouver and they wanted him badly up there because Kevin is
kind of weakened Vancouver but nevertheless the trade never went through and he still playing for
the Islanders and he is playing but nobody corrected me on that because I could come on here and say
anything about hockey and it's like oh you know like they don't know we're almost anything else
but thank you sir for correcting me on that because we thought Paris did it in too
and we don't care if Mark Paris is getting laid okay I couldn't care less
10 minutes passed and I'm afraid Whitney is getting laid then of course that's another story
and I'm sure he is right Bridget
oh you
John Rambo still alive I want to make movies for him five my life they're going great playing
a Hollywood's broke unfortunately I speak like I had a stroke first blood came in 82 that's
what I heard my penis and it never ever grew Rambo 2 was an 85 late and Rambo 3 was in 88
she was and she was like I just not make this movie with my son
and if you ever say she was in Rocky 5 and daylight the tunnel movie a little bit of cash is what I mean
I gotta get a little from the public read I gotta have another movie or Broadway show like
I guess nobody I was talking and it was stupid I guess I understand my whole life is about two
cave in oh I got left this genital flavor ladies and gentlemen I need to make Rambo 4
and buy
take it out so call me up I really need a script I can do dialogue or keep it zip
they like comedy action adventure and drama the only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama
so give me a break for goodness sake I used to be out on for and I can't get on Ricky Lake
right now I got a one man show and put Pepsi basically I'm gonna put a Pepsi
a little bit of cash is what I mean I gotta get a loan from the public green I gotta have another
hit movie or a Broadway show like better he I guess nobody ever saw a cop land it it was stupid
so I understand my whole life is about to cave in oh I got left this genital flavor
that's why ladies and gentlemen I need to make Rambo 4 and buy
1217 at 560 yo Adrien so anyway Geldie just comes running here and says that last guy that
call was full of crap is what he said can he say something like he said that
jigs McDonald picks the three stars of the game last night and pop Elbury was number one
and Trevor kid was number two now forget it was number three and other panty but it wasn't the
Mark parish so where did that come from a lot's maybe it was from the telecast okay maybe
somebody who like didn't watch the game accurately or whose vision is ailing like a latent life
like your good friend I don't want to mention his name on the air don't say it you know
me then he won't buy it at lunch maybe on TV parish got the first start and you met not
possible had to be pop Elbury all that tremendous effort to get us back in again that nobody cares
about here's dear field hello yeah it was uh Burrey won it two and Paris three
oh purish got three I don't think yeah but anyway would that the smallest crowd you've seen
at the rental center for a game oh yeah that that would that absolutely was by far yeah in fact it
was the smallest panther crowd since I one of the paper said since a heart for game years ago
when they had like eleven thousand and so I'm whatever the hell it was I mean Burrey's healthy
second game of the year right and it's the dead zone in there yeah Ziggy Palfy you think that
some of the islander friends which you're up to see their ex super star there and uh you know
you got Luke robertime me the kings have got some name players on air Joseph Stumpel it's not
exactly like their chop liver they're better this year than they were last year and uh what
don't what's the problem we won the first game Burrey is a star attraction to god damn league and
we get six thousand empty six thousand unsolved tickets and I would say about nine thousand empty seats
eight or nine thousand absolutely and by the time the last three minutes of the game came around
we had the dramatic last two minutes maybe there were three or four thousand was left maybe I agree
and I'm sure the heat will be no better in the new building there too okay heat the heat can't draw
flies I know they could put the newer in the middle of the god damn court and they couldn't draw
flies in there absolutely but uh me I'd love to go see the panther's feet Detroit this weekend okay
hold on give him the ticket how do you like that surprise surprise huh you old man finally weekend
again to him so we can cut this crap out this guy in dear field there's my seats there's the park
and pass and be sure he tell this guy he better go okay pick the tickets up and go because if you
don't I'm gonna give you your name and choose size and phone number and look a brought to you come
to your house and do a big on your uh court on your food court yeah what's this story raising all
the prices on food in their way and cutting down the portions and cutting down a variety what is
that all about why do you owners keep doing these things to the public like the garbage food at
pp stadium I mean my dogs wouldn't eat that stuff like Hank says it's like like a hot dog looks
like something that's already been uh you know licked on by about 20 hookers and amts to them in
a red light district what the hell are we talking about over here and they charge you like top
dollar for dreck I just don't get it I mean don't of course they're not even able to this food anyway
they couldn't give a crap bless only want you to do a spend your hard earned money and take the
90% profit on it and screw you here's a west Palm Beach hello hi Neil how are you I'm doing great
you open the show saying only good news and last Friday was my last day in the sales department
at queer channel west Palm Beach all right really what station is that uh jano bz t kgr
bunch of other three to the whole bunch of all of them market because that's the way to go now
queer channel on tour our two billion stations the radio ranch uh but I got to tell you when your
contract is up in three years I hope you feel half as good as I do I am sick of the abuse sick of
just the madness that went on there right all this stuff that you're talking about with oh j if
anyone's ever been in or near this business they're just going yeah apart from the course
so to speak yeah uh well I know I wouldn't say apart from the course I mean we're a little bit
above and beyond the most of the rest we've got a little bit extra psychosis than I've ever seen
before although I hear clear channels uh you know even worse if possible how to what what clear
channel does is they take all their rejects like the salespeople and they ship them over here
they do they do where they can make even bigger bucks supposedly right oh yeah right
Jeff all I got and you'll appreciate it okay congratulations sir very much enjoy your new
found freedom thank you god bless you and I'll pray for you there's a guy to cut out of the
business got out a clear chat let's hear it she'd like to get it said the other day when I was
psychotic over here we're going through the oh j stuff and these people here are a bunch of grave
robbers which they still are and I'm thinking out loud about what the hell am I doing working for
this company and the guy says oh well you know there's got to be someplace else where are you
going to go clear channel on to me god damn station except Cox which owns like a couple of sparser
stations and at coast slush nobody in this market smart enough to put talk on FM and believe me like
I said our signal on the station the last few days is so god damn bad and our chief engineer what
what's he doing oh man I don't want to hear anymore about he's overworked and he's abused and
the signal blows technically we're a freaking nightmare nightmare but I got news for it no matter
how bad it got here the chances of I'm the only alternative here in this market is queer channel
and that's Pete Bolder and Wanda Wolf am I going to work for them again no any price no
David Ross no oh give me a break if they blow Pete Bolder out of that joint and a couple of other
people who absolutely don't belong belong on the air then maybe there might have been a chance
but that's not going to happen because he's got naked pictures of you know all the all the owner
he's got naked pictures of David Ross in the Billy goat or Billy somebody here's Naples hello
yeah Neil yes sir how's it going great hey we've been talking about like some crackers and red
there's a story out of the police beat Naples paper today it's oh there's no practice in red
next over here which is a 65 year old Collier County man arrested Tuesday at Bayview Park in East
Naples reportedly reportedly exposed himself and masturbated in front of the undercover officers all
right right and he was charged with exposure of a sex organ so if you ever come to Naples with
keep everything inside and undercover yeah I hear that I hear the organist that
Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church was charged with the same thing exposing his organ okay listen
thanks for the good news pal see ya see ya say hi to the gypsies two a lot of gypsies over there in
Naples that's what I'm hearing okay look at that it's starting to clear the lines out a little bit
now that we finally gave those tickets away thank I'm so sorry that I did that because I keep
saying and I'm sticking pretty much to my word very rarely I give one little odd thing away here
little odd thing there I got nothing for you but that's it but I just don't want to have empty seats
there because I feel guilty about that as long as I've got these tickets in this company paid
form or somebody paid for them I want to have somebody in there and join a game and make
it look at least palatable like I'm not just sureking my duty like those assholes at Madison
Square Garden who left all their expensive front section seats empty so they could go to the Yankee
game if they arrange your home opener tonight to go what a bunch of crap 12 million people in New
York and those people couldn't find I mean you can't buy a ticket for a ranger game at any price
for about a hundred years now so instead of giving their tickets away to somebody who would have
kissed their ass to go to that goddamn game they just don't show up and go over to see the guy
damn Yankee game oh man talk about misplaced priorities 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless
line we got Hank Goldberg at two we got the Hank and Bino at five don't ask me why
hurricane hotline six to late then we got the Texas at the Yankees at a clock tonight thank
you we got no hockey game that can you imagine with the Yankee game on tonight if we had a home oh
brother forget it here's a mobile in Delray B chill them mobile in Delray with a loud hum
job on the phone okay I guess maybe the hum put him to sleep 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
wireless line west Palm Beach hello Neil yes sir what's up how you doing how about these
bonehead promotion guys at for the hockey team did you see anything about the upcoming season
anywhere not very much that I'm there wondering where their crowds are and another thing they
should do is have they do marketing that's where damn sure yeah another thing they should do
you know be know something when you go out and you spend 10 million dollars a year to get a guy
like Pavel Burian the team if you know if the people know anything about it you shouldn't have
to do a lot of marketing they should be not and they got that beautiful new arena they should be
knocking the doors down there to get in you're right you're right but maybe it's because these
people at the game half of them they interrupt your enjoyment of the game by standing up
going to the bath you okay thanks 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line like I said let's
keep it positive today okay I'm tired of the winers I had a great time last night and my good friend
who sits in front of me turn around and said no little kids tonight how do you like that
and thank you very much sir all is forgiven you're on probation like Michael Mayo until next time
you bring the kids and you hold them up in the air he's okay got one kid one little boy two years old
he says oh well next time I bring him a concert on your life I said no bring him back at about 15
years and he can send him my life and he went like that like that five in fact I think he said okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T why you have got 15 years I'd be 70 almost 72 years old can
you imagine what a dirty old let's you buy then huh can you imagine that I can desperate
26 past no how's that delivery by by the code doing by the way the career guy well denio
you actually found out his name yeah what kind of a name is that thank you
broker by the way what is it we use the service also they're now called excel they just have you
seen all denio no I mean even you would be impressed even a heterosexual asshole like condo what is it
you've been to his pond with anything swimming in it like tiny little sperm maybe
guppies oh they look like guppies the real little tiny guppies and then it's okay have real
good eyesight wall denio what kind of a name is that hey wall bow hey wall bow
oh 27 after knowing at 5 60 very good work George wall denio I'm gonna right that down
I'm gonna write it on a little slip of paper and put a real close to my
back home uh neck hey it's how it how it's spam if you like glondike bars you love bull
dyke bars hey you what would you do for a bull like bar what's a bull dyke bar it's a big iron bar
that bull like sitting in with say you're a man how I could do anything I guess he don't have to do
anything for a bull like bar here another one you pig bull dyke bars if you're a man you don't
have to do anything just hang around in odds are you'll get one you pig you man you pig man
from 32 at 5 60 w2 I'm so full with that low carb stuff for the ad from our good buddy at the
the likes of Westboker I don't think I'm gonna you again like till maybe late in the afternoon
another one goes protein bars and that's it how do you like that I like it I'm gonna make some of
its pork rinds or the bacon or something I'm looking for some serious progress again on the scale
tomorrow I have this feeling you know I'm the pit of my gut maybe that's it also I'm working on
from this place so anyway here's a fact from somebody no name on this huh oh and reekay oh and reekay
not our and reekay but another and reekay who says an example of how much I spent to see the dolphins
at pp park with this fee on say two tickets in the nosebleed section including the ticket master
price $62 one over price parking 20 bucks two major uping the tools the dollar 50 a full beer ice
cream french fries that's at a 40 bucks estimate total 123 dollars and 50 cents
how do you like that he said do you really think your average person like George can afford the
expense for every game thank guy George gain a sports fan he says I strongly disagree with you on
this one can I have to take Rc just kidding just even through a for present the oranges for governor
in reekay thank you and reekay by the way to see in reekay was flipping burgers at where the hell was he
and McDonald's or something he was working in the kitchen summer a couple days ago not really
important here's another one also another Taylor doom and gloom I go to 10 to 12 well see first
of all let me say this to you somebody bought the tickets somebody has bought all those season tickets
why were so many does it wasn't just the upper bowl that was bad last night it was a lot of
was seated the lower bowl and that middle of mezzanine whatever that section is all over the place
there were tons of empty seats so if somebody's already paid for him I mean why not give him the
to some poor slob like in reekay or somebody that can't afford to go that's what I'm talking about
and as far as passion is concerned leave in the game when you've already paid to be there with
three or four minutes left and this is all the exciting part and throw out a bunch of crap on
the ice that's not my idea of passion that's not what I'm talking about here's another guy
Richard in the point and beats as I go to 10 to 12 Panther games because frankly I can't afford
season tickets so I'm forced to listen to rumor on TV it says wait till you watch a game on TV
it's like watching a hockey infomercial they pedal those tickets like Ronco it's painful to watch
like an infomercial are they succeeding no evidently not also we see that just on the news that
Don King was the star of the Palm Beach County Chamber of Commerce meeting today everybody kissed his
ass rectum if I remember correctly Don King beat somebody to death for not paying a debt and went
to jail for it I guess that photo is a friendly home for murderers he says that's what OJ said
we like murderers down here right you bet that's your sweet ass we're not too fond of Larry King
that's because you stiff people for money we don't like if you stiff people for money if you're
murder we don't mind okay as long as you leave us alone when you stiff people for money we get
pissed off here's Carl spring so okay call me back so your phone is making farting
okay that's what sounded like call me back your phone is deadly oh don't tell me that's back
again I'm for okay I will tell you
seven sounds okay you're going to tell me the line four screwed up again
oh no not again any minute now the fireman's gonna go up again be sure and call all your friends
until the tune in oh here we go again you know you people at Bell South it's just amazing how
an F you are you know there's these and with all the technology we've got today with computers
with the internet with all of these things and phones that have been around for about six thousand
years now just ordinary regular one of the mill phones you guys just can't get your goddamn
act together so here we go another day just when we're rolling along pretty good today singing a song
and now we got some phone lines screwed up again at least one maybe more probably more two
those here's Carl spring so hello Carl springs hey how you doing today I was doing great okay
okay so bell sound sacrifice to show again sure let's get on one of your favorite subject the NRA yeah
um where was the one I found one of those guys read the constitution the section of the
and it actually says that uh you have to write the beer arms as a militia not as a person I don't know
you probably have to ask you I would imagine yeah that's that's the thing and then we're getting on our
murders in our beautiful state of Florida maybe we'll get a governor up in a upcow
acid yet we've killed that beautiful lord that says after you kill somebody in you in midi you get
it all in out of appeal uh-huh I don't know nothing else did this one to get that guy okay anybody
know what he said no I'm sitting here thinking about the phone lines I'm sitting here thinking
about the goddamn phone lines again and wondering how the hell this could be happening again
today after all they I mean can we go can we have like one day do you think just one day when
everything works for four hours no no okay I don't get a little carried away here I mean everybody
really loves our pain yesterday they were they were peeing in their pants over with the uh
for the fire alarm and all the crap that we had going on here let's play it back and so we can
hey that's a good idea that'll kill some good time it lasted for about a half an hour that'll
take us up to almost one 15 then maybe that was so good we can play it again take us right up
till two o'clock that's what they deserve around this place oh if you guys can make a call
WQ and yeah I just marked a mobile in sunrise okay hold on Mark what are we going to do with
Mark the phone up on him well why do you say that because that's what we're going to do
we can't pause the mark on line four and put that crap on here how you doing Mark how are you
okay the phone lines screwed up but don't worry about it okay I won't yeah thank you I'm
here I'm here ringing on this I know well maybe we'll get a three way going here and what do I
say the game last night first time in a couple years right and I took my truck mainly for myself
again the bar right I mean he's just incredible yep flew my mind I want to ask you what do you think
about all the like pony interviews or the pony like show they do in between periods oh
terrible off off the rent off get that guy off of there it was pathetic and then they try to pitch
you know buy so many five fifty dollars worth I just get a free pen it's like one big sales job yeah
I just wanted to get you to leave us alone lay this alone between periods and let our brains
cool out also they they change the name of the panciful to the search bring the gamers up to the
greeners yeah the search screeners and that's what you want to want to promote the trick back
out the sugar lake craft right with lots of extra would double dose yeah give up the good work now
okay thanks sorry about the phone line okay that was pretty good hey call maybe if you want to be
one of our special colors today call online for and get like extra you sounds on the phone call
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line nobody cares about this
story about five people because you American people you've been brainwashed eating eating eating
mind your mind your mind your you can do you know your condition of being fat you think it's
acceptable it's wonderful and we should all be fat in the whole world is like that just I'm just
embarrassed for you I'm just humiliated and degraded about it and we still had a woman here in
three days no not one not a lady not a semblance of a lady not even sucking around for the goddamn tickets
oh there's one five six seven oh what am I giving the numbers out the lines that work they're
lit up pretty much in the ones that don't all align for I sure like to get another call around that
it's pretty entertaining if you try to tell me that they want me to put and listen I mean they
got a three thousand dollar bit on this this morning we're gonna out do that no I don't think so
but anyway we got we invite you to call on the auction today the WNDC QA auction package
call 305 650 1169 we got a three thousand dollar bit for all of these things a trip for two
to beautiful Atlantis resort in the Bahamas including airfare transfers hotel and meals
paratickets to each remaining regular season home dolphin game five hundred dollar gift certificate
to Manhattan jewelry exchange at the oasis and sawgrass mills mall and autographed on chula football
hundred dollar wind dixie gift certificate certificate for dinner at one way eighty four restaurant
don't get your nose out of joint gift certificate for one hour of unlimited use of corner kick
into a soccer facility the Louise Miguel six foot wall poster a limited edition vinyl double
album by creed all these things total package values over four grand and the high bit at the moment
is three grand all the proceeds will go and trust me none will go to paid real career or OJ all the
proceeds will go to women up tomorrow a mentoring program for high school girls and dating browning
we ought to be able to do better than that three thousand dollar bid i haven't heard one word
do we get any uh... you know any response are people donating in i mean uh... what do i know
all we know is give the number out again stupid and we still have the three thousand is our
high bid and that's all they tell me three oh five six five oh oh one sixty nine because like i said
if you want to make donations and not worry about the three thousand bidding on the thing
just want to make a hundred or two hundred dollar donation or fifty or whatever that's okay to three
oh five six five oh oh one sixty nine how's line four doing
does that tell me i can't be back for you to like uh...
no let's give it a shot five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line there's those pork rinds that are they'll
be doing that for quite a while by the way you'll be amazing they're very very good
do you the extra spicy i hope
no these are the bacon curls yeah pork rinds no they're not the extra hot and spicy
well they're both good but that's spicy are really really
well they're special that's a new deal i was pork rinds and you like to
west focus and over a whole bunch of those in this big box with all the other good
stuff which i noticed nobody is interested in the addkins that nobody is
interested in losing weight nobody not one call about the twenty twenty piece not
one call about the date line piece last week and on it goes the uh... the mystery
just continues amazing to me here's our first lady in about ten weeks lady
for water deal hello hey no faithful listener sometimes i'll or yes okay
uh... what happened with the city from center one
what's happening is they're going to be present in a few days we should be
able to uh...
start all over all right violence of the land
gonna be on there
yeah great uh...
you know the red wing fans really inconvenient inconvenience me one year when
i was there the family cup
uh... that's millions and outside the hotel broke a water main
so twenty four hours in the hotel without water
so what about tickets
what about tickets what
that
uh...
and then to top it off at a dumpers she said crap of the s h
and she muttered
so i see i thought i had a lady call around there i never let you call it
another lady freeloader
makes up some wild story about some uh... something that would mean rain in
the spain falls mainly on the urinus or something like that
and then how about the
the tickets are gone i got no more tickets
i'm doing a talk show i will never ever give away anything on issue again
ever
when i'm not going to be out of town i'll give the tickets away to friends to
people i know people in the building people on the street corner
uh... that's it
never ever give anything away on the show again you people are an embarrassment
no matter how what i got to talk about here
mom is the word you got nothing to respond it's been that way for a hundred
fifty years
and if you get the waxy bill of body rears it's amazing how she heard i had
tickets but she never heard of somebody got them already
that's my woman caller for this month
unbelievable
unconscionable
uh...
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t-in-t line is a
mobile and cruel springs hello
and you know i don't
suicidal
so excited after that
i know what i've been well
three
four
five
three times on my plate
you know me i'm not gonna tell you what i did for you
george uh...
what is that
if you ever need everything done
i'll do it for nothing without any uh... what are you talking about
well i did something on your house well okay thank you very much thank you
uh... every time he calls i did something on your house
and if you're a george and we don't need nothing to your case but thank you
very much we are with thank you already about four hundred times thank you
thank you thank you
i'm i'm i'm sure it's like i'm going to put on music even though i feel great
and i'm like uh... on top of the world i can't and there's just nothing here
today
there's nothing here i put my testicles out there and tentacles in the water
there's nothing there
but those proctor insurance who goes they are good i told you
and you you'll be amazed in the every now and then when you least expected
they'll pop again in that bag they'll just still pop there still pop in
your sack
wqa m to a disease
qa m
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line here's
my any hello
yes sir you are you do okay
hey i did you hear about the back she boys
what about them sir
uh... they're suing in think
because i think something with a record company right
yeah do you hear about that yes i did
yeah
we think about that
i hope they get fifty million dollars and i hope you have a great life sir
and please don't ever call us again
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
those are pretty good what's happening we never got any calls on the show today
on a auction thing now
not one call well crystal audience might be a little bit gunshot now you know
the word that the paedal girl is going to take all the money
and go back to that uh... fancy restaurant with oj
and then be a little bit gunshot or maybe we just don't have anybody listening
that's possible certainly based on these phone calls but they
except a few free-loaders wonderful you still have those tickets we still have
no no
you know something if i don't have like a real lady call or between now and two
o'clock i'm going to i don't think i'll come back
i really want that's not a threat that's a promise
i said a really decolor i mean you give me like oh there's one on here now
i'm talking about somebody who really wants to have a verbal intercourse
not somebody wants to free-load for tickets that don't exist anymore that are
gone that i made very very very painfully obvious and clear
are gone there a history you can't be nice to the people in this town
and give them stuff because then they destroy you
they just blow your crap away or i should have put a period after the
blow part here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale
hi i just wanted to call you and tell you that i don't want anything
and you crack me up i last all day long and you show yesterday with a
spherical i mean i'm sorry that you had a fire drill but or whatever
let me just have a fire drill every day that would take up a couple of hours
i don't have to worry about any phone calls here
it was fantastic i'm out of material i love you i want you to cheer up by
okay bye
five six seven oh five sixty we got several lines without working too which
of course contributes does anybody in engineering or is anybody been made
aware of the fact that our phone is f'd up again
does anybody know that for the second day in a row in his god damn place
where nothing works
and of course our program director in between crying jacks he's taken a few
days off now this is a good time by the way to be taken off a few days this is
excellent i know with everything else that's going on here this is a
magnificent time to be taken a few days off why do i not
here's homestead hello afternoon yes sir
this is three week old news but i was wondering if i could play you a little
bdc report which lasts for about 30 seconds about the shooting in
texas echoes echoes your words exactly you're not going to be able to
hear it is you're going to be like off in the tea room center
well he should be able to hear it yeah just give me a second then and i'll
play it
yeah okay thank you okay five six seven oh five sixty
okay thank five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
give it a shot and see which of these lines works okay here's a mobile in
pop it oh hello no yes sir i uh understand your discuss with the
attendance flashlight at the uh
national party answer the internet is better can i tell you why go ahead it's not
because of location or the beauty of the place or whatever and all that well of course
now we know that it's a calming to support my friend hockey sucks get into
basketball okay right yeah get in a basketball where they can't sell tickets to save
their lives over there at that brand new sparkling american airlines arena
yeah get into a sport that they can't that they're going to be lucky to get
10 eleven thousand people a game hate to break the news do pal but that
calming the sport you're talking about we had 18 19 thousand people are every
game last year how do you like that a lot more than those think and heat five six
seven oh five sixty and by the way that's a sport for sparsers okay white boy
it's a sport for sparsers why don't you get with the program get with it
here's having Tura hello hello yes how you doing now okay
listen um i've been trying to get these since monday i wanted to talk to you about
that actions on the twenty-fourth yeah i did see it i was very impressed with it i
think i'm gonna be in my girlfriend to start on it and um i have a
cousin that was on it a couple years ago and it worked great for him uh-huh
so i just wanted to get your opinion on it and uh you know what's what's really the first step to
really uh you know take on it first step to take us to buy the book
doctor acting book yeah okay you got it uh now now how can you go on to diet if you
don't have the book you sound like a lot of these other uh
quizzlings who've been calling me for five years and uh why don't you know want me
to give them a capsule and for man thirty seconds you got to buy the book
uh i'll be a paperback i mean for like a couple of bucks if your health is worth two
bucks i go out and buy the paperback book
that's your acting's new diet revolution i mean it's that hard it's in like every
guy damn bookstores have been invented even adult bookstores i think they got it
did you get did you watch it on on on twenty twenty no i did not okay because i
didn't say okay i'm trying to find out from this audience what kind of reporting
of on twenty twenty because i didn't see it and as a result i can't find anybody to tell me
was it did they was it positive was it negative was it a hatchet job did they say you're
gonna die what did they say that's what i'm trying to find out well let me tell you please okay
um a lot of day they had a lot of doctors at call night call but you know interview it and
they said that uh the ac inside was unhealthy due to all the fat and all the you know
meat that you'd be eating and without you know without a little bit of carbohydrates in you
you know it's it's draining first of all there there is carbohydrate it's not a no carbohydrate diet
so what does that mean without a little bit of carbohydrates what does that mean
excuse me i said have a nice day
five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
oh
woo heavy duty baby it's our motto here in South Florida open the window you can smell it
it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon
so hard to be myself because the group that i'm in
so if i get everyone else over chance and be all day
everything just like girls and we're really time i think
this flooded
you know what has been
baby
If he grew south, then I sang,
Yeah, we'll be for these days.
He's singing,
Just love,
And boy,
It's only two.
Just be back in time.
Yes, I'll just like her.
I can feel it,
It's confusing.
All I'm asking is,
Just one,
See,
Six Flames.
Just like you.
I can feel it,
I don't know what to think,
But I know this is gonna sing,
No matter what it is,
We are best of truth.
All I'm asking is,
You tell us our name.
No.
Just be confused.
Hey.
Oh,
Wait.
All right, guys,
See with a bathtub.
It's a 102 at 560 WM.
How's Walt Denny doing, by the way?
Any deliveries today?
Any special emergency deliveries?
Any good package?
He's got for me.
Walt Denny, oh God,
That's all I got to say.
Maybe he'd like me to speak,
Teach him to speak at the English,
Huh?
That sounds good to me.
Maybe you'd like to take a little.
Now what does that say?
Oh, Bob Lincoln,
Jesus Christ, what else he want?
Not another shameless plug for Atkins, I hope.
Absolutely.
Ah, what is wrong with you, man?
You and this Atkins stuff.
Are you guys gonna be low for what?
Ah,
I'm not the way he looked in the 70s.
I'll tell you that.
Oh,
I just wanted to,
I saw the piece on 2020.
And it's the first time that Dr. Atkins
Actually got to respond to all the misinformation
by the nutritionist,
Dietitian,
You know, so you could take all those nutritionist
and dietitians and put them in the guide
them ocean and leading there.
And I'm balanced.
It was a great piece.
There was a
What, you know,
exactly the same thing they go into the,
you know,
that the diet is bad for you.
It's bad for your kidneys and this and that.
And they asked Dr. Atkins directly.
He says,
Show me the evidence.
Show me the study.
Show me anything that says it doesn't make him.
So the reporters who won't doubt you,
you know, he says what?
The 60,000 people that I've treated in the past 30 years
to the Atkins Center mean anything that I have had on this diet,
that have had bad heart to have had bad diabetes,
the cetera,
et cetera, et cetera.
So it was a great well-balanced piece.
But just the way they also had the doctor from the Mount Sinai
down here in Miami,
who went and did the Mount Sinai diet,
which he immediately said,
I try to lose weight on wolf fat,
couldn't do it.
So I took a version of my own version of the Atkins.
Yeah, it's a rip off of the Atkins, right?
I think that's what Hank lost all his weight on with the Mount Sinai.
Yeah, and and what he did was he admitted that it was,
you know, a version of the Atkins diet,
but he did a study.
He did a 60 people on low fat and 60 people on low carbohydrate.
Right.
You know what the result was,
it just buried the low fat.
Hey, it isn't interesting.
It's about seven or eight,
10 years now that they've been peddling this low fat crap.
And now we're up to 55% of the American pie adults,
55% now it's more than half who are all obese.
It's unbelievable.
Well, it just goes to show you,
as you and I both know and I,
thanks to you because of my association with Dr. Hackon.
That's right.
Don't ever forget it.
No, and believe me,
I don't because we're doing our flip.
Then you'll Dr. Atkins cruise this April 9, 2000.
Thanks to you because you're the one that gave me the,
the idea, the other thing,
you know what the,
you know what the sick thing about this whole thing is,
what's that?
Is, is that they do not say anything about how a type two diabetic
can get cured on this diet?
Yeah, that's right.
And that's right.
It is a, well,
it's a, it's a cure is a bad word,
but it's a remedy.
It brings your blood sugar down.
And normally as long as you stay on it,
you can get rid of all your medication.
That is absolutely correct.
Your positive is.
As you know, I've been associated with Dr. Atkins for five years.
And I, I haven't talked to a few people.
I have talked to hundreds of people because of the cruises
and because I go out,
you know, the shows with them.
And I have had people tell me that Dr. Atkins has saved their life.
Right.
You know, I used to have people tell me that too,
but every time I bring up Atkins,
now the phone goes completely dead.
I don't know.
You know, I get, no, seriously.
And, and the point is now,
most of these people have thrown in the towel.
They figure being fat is okay.
And even the sting in the paper,
they on the front pages,
they figure, well, screw it.
There's nothing I can do about it.
Well, I got a report from the Atkins area today
and the results from the, from the,
the piece on 2020,
150,000.
They hit on his website the next day
and 500 books sold in Amazon.com.
And then as you stole that other guy,
it's, you know, for paperback,
even by the Atkins book,
it's six or seven bucks at,
borders.
Of course, we sold 700 and three hours in a sawdust a few years ago.
Right.
Exactly.
And I mean, if you can't do that,
to read your book, the better health,
and you've got something wrong with it.
So tell Bob, tell Dr. Bob,
a thousand bucks of books, 700,000.
I'll be looking for his check.
Okay.
Okay, thanks, Bob.
Thank you.
And don't let me keep me posted on that National Airlines
to Vegas too.
Absolutely.
I'm on it.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks.
Vivo Las Vegas,
5670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless fund.
Let's put a jockey together to Vegas.
What do you say?
Oh, come on.
Here's a candle.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is Joe May.
I'm here from San Francisco.
I just.
Good thing.
Number one, you're the greatest.
Yes, I have to buy your CD.
I heard the red next love instance thing.
I'm from San Francisco.
I'm tired of getting a month.
Can I young crammed down my throat?
I think Shula,
even though he's gone now.
And Samarino is probably the best quarterback.
We'll ever come down the pike.
And I listen to you.
I'm here.
Thank you very much.
Okay.
God bless you, sir.
You have to be on a big kiss.
You might like it.
5670560.
You know those Mormons real horny guys.
You know that's what Donnie Osmond told me horny is where is that?
That's why they got where that special underwear to make sure there's not too much friction.
Where's it the other way around?
Make sure there's enough friction.
5670560.
0560 on the 18 T wireless line.
How come the orthodox Jews don't wear this right?
I don't think the orthodox Jews were any underwear.
They don't want to get their tallest wrapped up in it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil, yes, sir.
I just want to talk to you a second about the recent incident in the hockey world in an HL of this.
The punitive steps taken by the NHL for the injuries of the curtain.
The puny steps, not punitive puny.
Exactly.
It's my opinion that I played hockey unpaid hockey for about 20 years off and on.
My son, 14 year old son, is currently playing hockey in Coral.
And if I love the game, I love the old fashioned hip checks.
I love nothing better than a nice square legal mid-ice check.
Hockey is a rough sport.
It's played with sticks and sharp blades and so forth.
But in my opinion, the suspension of 10 games and a fine to a professional hockey player,
it's not a significant has no significant impact on them financially or for otherwise.
Absolutely correct.
Right.
And something caused my mind the other day.
I don't know how to to forward this opinion, if it was anything, but if there were a rule that would say that
if you caused a major injury to a player, that not only are you fine and you're sitting out some games,
that you will stay out of the game for the length of the time that the injured player said.
That's what I said this morning.
That's what some people have suggested.
I think it's an excellent idea.
But if the Donald has to miss 20 or 30 games, then this goofball,
he should set out 20 or 30.
Ruslan Celay, he should also set out 20 or 30 games.
Well, I agree.
And I'm sorry, I didn't hear that part from the program.
I absolutely couldn't agree with you more.
Okay, I got one last thing for you.
But it all goes back to the union, coddling the players again.
That's the problem.
Absolutely, absolutely.
I got one thing for you real quick, so they help you go through the day.
Take a post-it note, put it down on your mic.
Write the Latin words, feel a jitter-mah, non-carburendum.
Okay.
He's going at the best way you're down.
I'll pray for it, sir.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, I'll pray for Bob Lincoln too, because God only knows
after those biggest trips, you can't hurt.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
10 past 1 to QAN.
What am I reading the facts?
I'm going to do this.
Yeah, nothing but the Panthers already.
When the hell was the baseball season begin anyway?
There's something wrong with our TV.
Our crew from the rectory's up there.
I asked him what was so up there to see.
Money ran outside the studio.
Yeah.
And then he tried to help us out.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
4 p.m.
I've seen what's underrated.
Why no one ever talks to me.
He looks family.
And, especially, you send me family.
He will get in this way.
He will get in this way.
He will get in this way.
We have a program to register the track.
He will get in this way.
He will get in this way.
Oh, that's me.
Why won't anyone visit me?
And when's me?
Or did that see?
The grandma of the studio.
Very clearly.
I don't know.
Where will we live?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
We have a program to register the track.
We have a program to register the track.
Hey, you think you're fine.
You'll be crying too.
How many times do I throw this?
If you unlike those stories that appeared on the front page,
those glowing ass-sucking stories with a hero about Ted Erison croaking
in Israel a couple days ago.
Now, here's a small story that I even missed at somebody faxed to me,
and thank you profusely, by the way, whoever faxed me.
Untangling a legacy, Erison would have become exempt from US estate taxes in the year 2000.
He croaked before we got the tax exemption.
Let's hear it!
Ted Erison, one of the world's richest men, died just a few months before a key deadline.
They would have allowed his $5 billion estate to escape costly US estate taxes.
He died.
See, I said that in Georgia's got a mouthful of Ed Green died, and he died.
He gave up his... he died.
He gave up his US citizenship in 1990 and moved to Israel in part to...
How do you like this?
See, people think I make this crap up.
In part to avoid US taxes on his real estate.
On his real estate.
But Erison did not live into the year 2000, where he would have become exempt from taxes,
according to court records.
It's still unclear how much of his estate will be subject to US estate taxes,
which can run as high as 55%.
So you better buy your hate ticket, because Mickey's going to be a tourist now.
He's not going to be able to get the whole $5 billion.
How do you like that?
Oh, he was a philanthropist.
He gave a lot of money to charity millions.
You know, something named a billionaire that doesn't give millions to charity.
It's a tax write-off number one, and number two, it's good publicity.
And number three, he ran off to Israel in part to escape paying his US taxes,
just like his business, the Carnival Cruise Line, that doesn't pay any US taxes,
because all the ships are registered in other countries.
And because they all sail out of here and take all of the money of these tourists out of this town,
which I haven't told you for years.
But of course, the hero is not the least bit concerned about that.
All they're concerned about is, oh God forbid we should have casinos here,
because that'll put our buddy Mickey out of business.
Isn't that interesting?
You wonder why they're so hysterically anti-casino?
Is there anybody in his right mind that would go on some rickety dick boat out there to gamble?
If we had casinos here, is there one person, even in Kaplan?
No.
You bet your suite has, there's not.
So that's the only way we can split them to Mickey.
This incestuous relationship between a mommy, a hero, the night,
a ridder people, and God, the Mickey Irison, is one of the most un...
And don't forget Mayor Pingo, who's their Pimp,
is one of the most unbelievable things that's ever happened in this town.
And the public's out there going, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You got a point there, man, what's he saying?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Yesterday's show, the best and the history of radio.
Yeah, we'll have to have another fire alarm, maybe we'll have to promote it ahead of time.
You know, you got the herald in front of you or is it in the waist basket?
It's already in the waist basket.
It's already in the waist basket, okay?
I think he took a dump on it.
H2B, let me quickly read this to you.
People...
People attending the Van Van concert.
People going into the arena will have to pass through a metal detector
and will be subjected to a quick patdowns that made your Adam Burton of the Miami Police Department.
They'll be patting them down Saturday.
Yeah.
That's the only way you can get in.
I sure hope Diana Ross isn't planning on attending.
Have a good day, Neil.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, they're going to be patting you down looking for the goddamn nuclear weapons
and whatever else you crazy Cubans have got at the Los Van Van concert.
Which by the way, I was reading the other day, the ticket sales have been really slow.
Can't figure that out here, can I?
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, prom five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Two things.
Number one this morning, one of the first team was talking about the parish.
And they was talking about the passing and the scoring goes,
well, did you get down with your wife last night?
She goes, excuse me?
Yes.
That was Joe Rose.
He did that with him last week.
He was in the studio here last week and he pulls the same cramp.
Oh, it's me.
It's another hockey player on it's all he talks about because he knows nothing about the game.
Right.
Because I heard him this morning, I heard about five minutes and they were talking about the game last night.
I didn't hear the parish stuff.
But he said, oh, and how about that?
Victor Coslo, boy, two goals already.
I mean, Victor, if you watch him out there, I mean, he got the winning goal, the tying goal last night.
But it was a perfect pass from Whitney after a more perfect pass from Burrey.
But nevertheless, Coslo still is so far from being what he needs to be on this team.
And here's Joe Rose who has no clue what the sport is all about.
Oh, how about that, Victor?
Two goals already.
He's really coming along.
And he knows nothing about the sport.
So his deal is every time he has another plan, oh, you're getting late.
You got how you doing with the ladies?
I mean, it's so old and so tired, Joe.
Yeah, listen.
Maybe Joe ain't getting up at home.
Maybe that's the problem.
That's what I think is going on.
Yeah, what do you think is going on out here with the western part of Broward here?
Do you think there'll be any new schools out here?
No.
This is Porta Potties.
Porta Potties, thank you.
Okay.
Maybe a day that we don't have any other events in the arena.
We can have classrooms in there.
Holds almost 20,000 people.
What's wrong with that?
Got plenty of restrooms.
Open up the concession.
Stand to least everybody gets fed that way.
Pretty crappy food, but nevertheless, what are we going to do about that?
I noticed I'm the only one talking about that, too.
They're raping you for the food in that place.
Maybe I shouldn't be so hard on these people for not showing up there.
I mean, I'm not being the fan that I am in no matter what the great player we got in Pobl,
but we just tears my guts out to see all those empty seats.
But the fact is that, and I've been predicting it,
you kill the goose that laid the golden egg.
People can only take so much punishment,
and they keep cranking those prices up,
and cranking the prices up, cranking the prices of the food up,
giving you less and less for your dollar,
putting a crap product less selection than we had last year.
Why would you do that?
Look at the guy named Air Canada Center up there in Toronto for crying out loud.
Granted, the hallways there are two narrow.
That's the problem, but they made that building out of an old,
they renovated an old post office there.
The original post office in Toronto, and they did a hell of a job.
But the hallways are two narrow.
So you have to fight in the food lines,
but as far as selection is concerned,
they got every kind of food that's unbelievable there.
But here it's like, let me say it again, one hot dog,
one order of onion rings, and two diet sodas, 15.50.
People are on death row for crimes less than that.
People go to jail for armed robbery, for stickups, for less than that.
15.50.
Less selection, smaller portions, higher prices.
At a boy waiting, you owners out there, you bring an order.
Oh, you got to understand where's all the people.
Who, who, who, must be that goddamn meal?
Yeah, must be meal.
I've been herniating trying to get people to come out and support the guy.
They don't play me on this one, sweetheart.
Look in the mirror at that big ball,
cock mark, push if you can stand it.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Voka. Hello.
Meal. Yes, sir.
Hey, this is Bob from Voka.
Yes, Bob. How you doing?
Great. All right.
Yeah, the actin's is beautiful.
But the one thing is, it's a pain in the ass.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, is there any two places other than D-lights or the other?
I mean, being up north here.
Oh, I mean, you're in Voka.
Yeah, exactly.
So I don't understand what you're asking me.
In other words, you want to place right next door to your house?
Yeah.
Not really.
I'm joking, but I'm, yeah.
I mean, other than...
You got a place up there that's a whole supermarket.
I only wish I had a D-lights like as close to me as they are to you.
What's that?
Let me say it again.
I said I only wished that I had a D-light for you.
I was right in my neck with the woods like you got up there in Voka.
Yeah. You know, you know I had a quick question.
I just was kind of wondering about...
On the panther, it's like, what happens if someone just really knocks the crap out of someone else
and puts them out for a long time, like actually,
is it like getting to the legal side of it?
Is there anything about that or is that in their contact?
Legal side, no.
No, nothing.
Nothing at all.
No.
I was wondered about that.
No. That's the players union.
No, it's not cool.
It's very uncool.
No, it's uncool.
If you would have seen that injury that Madonna got you at night and hit that,
that asshole, Ruzln Cel put on, they should have taken away his visa and green card.
Send him back where he came from.
Send him to Siberia.
What they have no respect for each other and of course the league continues in their wippy-gurry
bitment way.
You know, eh, like that.
Fumbling their way along.
I mean, they did do some positive things this year.
We got rid of that, didn't increase rule.
That was stupid.
We got two referees for most of the games.
There's a lot of positive changes, the good things that happen this year.
But of course, they're ongoing expansion and watering down and diluting.
We got it landed and Minnesota is going to get a team again at Columbus and Geneva, New York and
Penn-Yan and O'Wassow and Oswego and Ithaca and Canadegua and Nip Saladie and Marshall
Michigan.
And you know, there's nothing like when we have that 8,000 team league.
Does it take a rocket scientist to figure out if there's only X number of guys who are like the best,
the cream of the crop, real professionals and they're on like six teams like they used to be.
And then all of a sudden you got 28 teams and then it's 30 teams and that's 35 teams.
Guess what?
There's going to be a lot of marginal people playing.
And thank God, in spite of what Don Cherry says, thank God for the European players because otherwise it will be a laugh and stock.
It would be a joke like baseball.
Because those Canadians don't reproduce as fast as some of these Americans ethics.
I don't want to say which ones, you know.
Right.
John, is that thing real?
Problem with all of us.
55% of Americans will be spat.
You know what the problem is?
Always obsessed with food.
Always got to be eaten.
Want to say?
Seriously.
But you know, it's like a pastime.
American pastime isn't baseball. It's eating.
Just push it like Jesse Ventura says, push your fat ass away from the goddamn food.
I'm cooked with a crop.
Huh?
But he says, push your fat face away from the goddamn freaking food.
And do something else.
Do a little exercise.
Go swing it in the wind or something.
Now these pork lions are good.
And this is the original flavor.
Wait until you taste the hot and spicy one.
I can't wait.
Tonight.
Oh, you took some?
Yes.
It's nice.
Beef.
I'll be messing with my crap just wait.
Here's a naples. Hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got an Ackens question for you.
Uh-huh.
I've been on it for about six months.
And I'm really confused between the line between eating foods with, you know, no carbs.
But it says sugar on the ingredient label.
Yeah.
Or, um, you know, it doesn't make any difference.
Just look at what it says carbs.
Just carbs and total carbs.
Okay.
Alright, there.
Thank you.
How are you doing on it?
Uh, I lost 60 pounds.
Well, what's wrong with that?
Not much.
It sounds good to me.
God, I give my left nut to lose 60 pounds.
Well, I'll tell you what the key was for me.
What is that much?
I stayed on the instruction phase for most of the time.
Right.
So, you know, I kept myself below 20 carbs and the weight just poured off.
Excellent.
So, um...
I'm psyched now.
Five pounds in one day yesterday.
Yeah.
Well, seriously, I know it sounds ridiculous.
Oh, it's all water, but on a scale it makes you feel it motivates you.
Yeah.
Well, I just wanted to also let you know how much I enjoyed your teasing of the unix
calling in for those tickets this morning.
Yeah.
That's the only part that's good, especially that bitch.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pat.
Good work.
And watch out for the gypsies.
Alright.
See you.
Now, a lot of gypsies and Naples.
No matter if that guy was over the game talking to me between periods of life and I brought a son by,
and his son was in school, I guess, in Naples for life.
I mean, in Florence for like four months or something like that.
And part of the week he would be in school.
And the rest of the week he and his buddies would like travel all over Europe, you know.
Amstit Am, which he didn't want to talk to dad too much about, but he was there.
And he said, the only place in Italy do not go is Naples.
And everybody tells me that.
And then once in a while I'll talk to some asshole.
Oh no, that's wrong.
It's beautiful.
It's the best part of the country.
And everybody tells me just loaded with poverty and the mafia and slums and crime.
And it's a toilet.
Toilet.
So he want to go to Naples.
Go to Naples.
Floor to Naples, New York, do not go to Naples, Italy.
And then of course I get a call from my my painter and handyman Izzy yesterday,
who I loaned the sopranos to.
Now Izzy is half a tad in a half Jewish.
Oh, and he enjoyed it a little bit, but he's very upset because it feels like portrays a bad story with time for the Italian people.
Izzy was born in Sicily, okay.
And I'm listening to this crap on the phone.
I mean I love you, Izzy.
You're a good guy.
You never stole a freight train, but get serious.
Okay, we know there's no such thing as the mafia.
We know it's just, you know, a hollywood getting carried away with literary license again.
We know there's none of these in the citidian and all of that stuff.
And Izzy says to me, so carried away when he's telling me this about the soprano.
He said, oh, by the way, have you ever been to Italy?
I said, yeah, about 1,600 times goofball.
Well, he just, you know, he's all emotional because he feels the Italian people are being put in a bad light.
But you remember what the senator from Nevada said?
The Italian people are a great people and yeah, and then they said to him, well,
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, on the AT&T world.
My offer is this, nothing.
Here's the Davy. Hello.
Yeah, Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir. I met you last year at the Leafs game, 60 pounds heavier.
All right. And because of you, my girlfriend, she's now down about 30 pounds doing AT&T.
How do you like that? See, this is what I need is little motivation.
I got a squeeze and plead to get the AT&T people out of the closet.
I mean, it's making another big comeback now.
All the networks are finally catching on and they're realizing that all you people are still alive.
You haven't died from it yet.
Did you see the Dateline spot?
I did see that one.
I thought that was pretty good.
They didn't have to have that registered bitch on there to give the other side.
But I thought it was fairly even because usually in the past they always just rip it to pieces.
Yeah, unfortunately, I'm in the drug business and it's totally all political.
Right.
That's you. Oh, sure.
You know anything that's good for you and you can do it natural.
That's why it's bad for you.
That's right.
But one quickie, it's not a plug, but the new AT&T can have a new chocolate cake out.
You've been out there when Sunrise to get that one.
It's great. It's in the little freezer counter in sunrise.
Yeah, the one right there on a sunrise boulevard.
So what?
Oh, I'm sorry. It's the light.
It's excellent.
Oh, that's a different delight. That's not the same outfit.
Yeah, it tastes just like a brownie and it's really, really good.
Where's it on Sunrise and where?
Sunrise is just off the university behind hops over there.
Oh, okay.
That one and then there's a one out in Albert's sins out in Pemberton.
I don't know if you're a fine dried mixer Albert.
Oh, we don't want to give him too many plugs.
Alan will get all psychotic up here, folks.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
And Goli, Skull, baby, we're looking good.
You got it.
Doing it.
Thanks, Neil.
See you.
You're looking good, man.
Well, I'm knocking it in for Thomas, homeland in front of the man in the cockpit.
The very first one of the nights of a hockey league by Tom Graham right there.
Some of the butterflies that that young man certainly have to have in the kid.
The stomachs have probably gone with that fifth post-save on the first shot.
He's experiencing the NHL here at St. Louis, even in Lightning in St. Louis.
And play a mix of three-bottles.
Thomas is six-star.
Mass-sub-beat on the rebound.
And the way of putting me forward on that.
Oh, I just get goosebumps from Joe Bowen.
It just makes me hear on my...
Back down straight up.
Joe Bowen, baby.
There's my man.
Greatest.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
21-2 at 2 a.m.
Oh, that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
My friends, I believe Tom, this country had some poor, pretty strong leadership.
For that, I need your chicks to send money orders.
Friends, I can assure you I know what's best for you.
Good man, oh Christian.
Trying to run our lives.
With dead baldness there, mouth up Friday night.
Good little Christian, you ain't there hate around.
And power grabbing for a dude turns right.
Good little Christian, brainwashing all their kids.
Grow up believing fairy tales are true.
Why do you have to pay?
To be a mother, they always told you to.
They've dismissed these chicks from you.
God's their marketing tool.
Good little Christian, for this is the name.
That's why they never have to tell that true.
Good little Christian, now he do say it for what?
They like to swap and swing and cheat on town.
Good little Christian, protecting ourself.
From bringing the fire in the best of hell.
I don't know if you'll bring the source out of the place.
You don't think that the little frupe Gary Bauer was screwing around.
Oh my god, what kind of self-respecting bitch would touch that?
5.6705.60 on the AT&T wireless line Hank Goldberg at tube with Bino Cook 5.6.
Oh look at that, I just munged.
I can't believe I did that.
Well, like I said, too many people in this country are obsessed with rock stop eating.
Always fooling a fat babe.
I'm just checking out these great products from Delights of Voice Broken.
It's chocolate pudding and it's not everything in the store I'm going to love.
Some of the low-carb stuff I think is great and some of it is okay and some of it is, you know, but it's up to you.
You'll sample.
In fact, that's the great part about that place is that, remember he said, you left everybody's sample.
Everything before expressive divide, you tasted it and then you decide.
Is it good or is it the...
5.6705.60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Mayani. Hello.
Mayani.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Are you doing Neil?
Okay.
And I'll change it to the subject a little bit.
Did you hear about the professor, the teacher, I should have done a middle school that got arrested for a sexual relationship with a student?
No.
At a middle school?
No.
Well, it's funny because I went to the school about five years ago and the guy everybody knew about it, you know,
it was having sexual relationships with girls there.
Yeah.
And the cops that were supposed to protect the school that were assigned to the school, they were in it.
They knew about it and never did nothing about it.
Well, maybe they were getting a little action on the side.
By the way, speed of that, how come we...
There was nothing in the papers.
I must admit, sure it happened yesterday.
This latest, uh, horror ring in Mayani where they...
Can you see that?
And they arrested a bunch of guys and the hookers had bamboo stug, I guess, but they were assuming that they were minors again.
And, you know, don't feed me this...
You know, every time I ask this question, oh, what is an internal investigation going on?
And there's going to be a big expose.
Did we ever hear one more word about that hooker deal down there in Kendall?
No.
And all those cops that were showing up from every guy named Police Force in Dave County?
No.
Did they ever hear any follow-up on that?
No.
No.
Man, you talk about sweeping crap out of the carpet.
And in the meantime, we got great investigative reporters like Elle pardon me for killing your sunshine on Channel 4.
They're waving his ham-hawks at guys because they had the audacity to be open on a sunny day after the mayor told us it was going to be a bad hurricane.
And he's out there waving his arm shame on you.
That's the kind of great investigative journalism we get in this town.
Oh, yeah, there's a big internal investigation.
Sure, we believe you.
Squirt, Squirt.
To get them up.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
We got 20 or 30, 40, 50 open lines here.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you?
Okay.
I was driving.
I'm already stopped.
But I was driving up I-95 by 595 and storm, ring storm.
So we started pouring down.
And all this caution in front of me put up their hazard lights.
What's the deal with your hazard lights?
Well, it's against the law to drive with your hazard lights on.
What would you say that law didn't open the radio?
So that's something you get out of your view.
Let me fit again on you morons out there.
It is against the law to drive with your hazard lights on.
Hazard lights are for like when you pull off to the side of the road
when your car is disabled, when you're a total panic,
then you put your hazard lights on when you're in a parked position.
Not while you're driving and moving your vehicle on the road.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir. You're the cleaner radio.
And God bless you.
Bye-bye.
And I'll pray for you.
Yeah, oh, I mean, the driving thing, you know, it sits ponderous.
It's depressing.
I could go on about this forever and ever, but it's not going to change
because you got a lot of dumb people out there.
You pull some driver at this time off to the side of the road.
They say, eeeh!
You're going, man.
What I do wrong.
They don't even know.
They haven't got a clue what they're doing wrong.
Because they, you know, they got their drivers lights out out of a goddamn box of cracker jacks.
Or maybe out of a box of goddamn black beans and rice.
I don't know where the hell they got it.
And they're out there on the road like, oh, look at me.
I'm a driver.
Could have fooled me.
People.
And of course, as soon as it, which it only rains, you're almost every God day in the end,
at least 80% of the year.
And as soon as it starts raining, hey, I can understand.
It's a driving rain storm.
And you can't see a 10 feet in front of you.
Okay, then you slow way down.
And if you're a real pussy, you pull off the road and then you put on your hazard lights.
But as soon as it starts raining, you know, fairly hard.
Oh, my God. It's like, geez, I mean.
And then, of course, all these terrified people,
they're making all kinds of desperate moves in there and getting everybody else to panic.
And there's people all over the goddamn road.
Like people moving crap out of goddamn chessboard.
Cars are sliding all over the road trying to avoid each other.
Crazy people.
Cut the crap.
Turn off the hazard lights.
You crazy people, you.
Now.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I would like to take advantage of your beautiful spirit today.
And it's a concern that I hear you today, the triallic and crematorical.
I would like to hear from you.
Great wisdom.
What do you think about F-P-N-L?
What does that mean?
What do I think about them?
Yes. In other words, what do I think about F-P-A?
What do you think about Southern Bill?
I think that they're...
What do you think about Walmart?
I think that Walmart...
What do you think about K-Mart?
What do you think about Target?
Never been there.
Yeah, okay. Well, check it out.
Call me back when you check it out.
Target.
Yeah, that kind.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
You have no lot about that, sir.
And pound 5, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, where I was flying.
What do I think about F-P-N-L?
Oh, God.
Okay, I told you.
There's a guy who got his driver's license in a box of black beans and rice.
