Sports Radio 560, WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
I've talked to Neil called 567 0560 toll free for date and rally.
Or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, Paul Erzer, anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Rod Task Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you best.
I heard there is no Christmas in the silly middle east.
No trees, no snow, no sand to cloth.
They have different religious beliefs.
Boy, they believe in Muhammad and not in our holiday.
And so every December I go to the Middle East and...
Hey there, Mr. Muslims!
Merry fucking Christmas!
But down that hook the Quran and hear some holiday wishes.
In case you haven't noticed, if Jesus had partake,
soak it off your heat and muddle a math and fucking sell it right.
There is no holiday season in India, I've heard.
They don't hang out there stockings and that is just absurd.
They never read a Christmas story.
They don't know what Rudolph is about.
And that is why in December I'll go to India and...
Hi there, Mr. Hinduist.
Merry fucking Christmas!
Three-knew and eat some beef and pass it through the oven.
In case you haven't noticed, if Jesus had partake,
soak it off your heat and muddle a math and fucking sell it right.
Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin.
They create several dogs and put needles in their fins.
On December 20th, all they do is eat a tank.
And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and cry.
Hi there, Mr. Hinduist.
Merry fucking Christmas.
God is gonna take your asses into the elections.
In case you haven't noticed, they're fed to say, say, to do.
So let's all rejoice for Jesus, Merry fucking Christmas to you.
On Christmas Day, I travel around the world and say,
now it's Christmas bonus and all you ABS to!
Merry fucking Christmas to you!
Amen, 10-03-56-WQM.
Guess what, we're here today.
Good news, the even better news is we're playing the rack.
Even more so than yesterday.
Although I will say this, because Joseph's,
well you really ought to talk about John Rocker today.
No, seriously, and I'm gonna shock you when I tell you this,
because I just reread this stuff and Hank Aaron is all pissed off.
And this one said this, and Bud Sealing said,
what did Bud Sealing say, by the way?
Yeah, that's what he always says.
15 activists showed up outside Turner Field at Lattie yesterday.
15 count them, I guess it wouldn't take long.
Well, that's not much of an activist town, you know.
It's the Spargers and Rednecks.
But, you know, I'm gonna say something that might actually shock you.
And that is, who cares?
I mean, what differences to make if that's his opinion,
if he's a bigoted moron, does that make him different from most jocks?
No. No.
It's just the fact that he's dumb enough to say it in public.
But, so why should he be a penal epiocides for it?
Can't you give your opinion, even if it's an ugly one,
and most people don't like it?
And then if he goes to New York and happens to play against the meds
and pitching that game, and they want to hit him with a few bottles
in the batteries and stuff, that's his problem, you know.
Why is that thing beeping back here now, by the way?
Didn't I put the paper in right?
We got it, the infact machine is beeping.
God damn it, it's Christmas, you idiot.
What are you beeping back here?
Yeah, it's not supposed to beat von Christmas,
or Christmas Eve, or whatever the hell.
Oh, Jesus Christ, what's wrong with you all in there?
It's what's the jammed in far enough.
There's nothing worse when you don't jam it in far enough.
There you go, listen to that purring sound
of those faxus coming in.
No, seriously, doesn't he have first amendment rights
just because he's a guy that majorly baseball player?
You would think so.
Granted, most of his comments were repugnant and grotesque,
but I'm sure that we have plenty of people in this audience listening to me right now
who say, Adam and John, right on baby,
all the inferners and faggots, anybody with f?
Furners, faggots, and what else would they have?
Yeah, f***ers, them too, yeah.
So that's my humble opinion on that.
It's just another big hull of a loaf.
See, it's okay to go out and murder somebody
or to break in somebody's bedroom window at 5.30 in the morning,
and you'll have all kinds of people apologizing for that's okay.
But if you happen to see words are bad, words are evil.
So your acts that doesn't kind of be, you know,
it'll happen, it'll be an ass murder
and slice two people's necks open, that's okay.
As long as you can play a good, around a golf.
And why are these people calling here?
Are they that stupid that they don't realize
when I've taken their calls?
Yeah!
No, don't do that to yourself, please.
It's the day before Christmas,
you're starting to put the headset on.
No, don't do that.
We're not taking any calls, okay?
In fact, today marks the end of two weeks in a row with no calls.
Oh!
You may have heard one or two calls on the show,
but that was on tape.
What day was it?
Was it Wednesday that we had to take from 10 to 10, 30?
Whatever day that was, before that stupid basketball game
is there?
Whatever day it was.
And there was one idiotic call on there.
And by the way, I'm glad that we got that call on there,
because that is all the more reason not to take calls.
That good Christian, he's not a Catholic,
and he's not a Protestant,
but a real pedantic sounding old asshole.
Yes, so I say, John Rocker,
I may not like what you say.
Well, it's not what they're always putting in the paper there.
I mean, I like what you say,
but I'll defend them.
I death you're right to say it.
Even if you're an obnoxious big of the asshole,
and you pissed a lot of people off,
isn't that what they're always saying?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Who said that?
I think Marge Schatz said that.
Somebody like that?
What's wrong with that?
Is that an unacceptable opinion?
The fact that he's got a right to say it,
and then right away, well, what's your watch in the penalty be?
What's in the punishment be?
Punishment for what?
Expressing obnoxious opinions?
I say a lot of things on the show.
That some people out there fight obnoxious.
Should I be penisized for it?
No.
No, I should get a big fat paycheck twice a month.
And I do, thank you.
You're welcome.
God.
By the way, you see the 60 minutes,
two peace last night, I'm sure you did not about the drinking,
boozing, especially college kids,
about that fraternity kid that died,
that never drank before in his life,
that 21-year-old kid,
and all these other kids.
See, there are two things in American culture
you're never going to change,
and they go together very, very well.
In fact, you know, I should play.
I should play that Buford and some's looking at liquor and guns.
Because that's what this country's founded on.
Buford.
Buford.
In fact, during these holidays,
now Christmas and New Year is you drive around,
you'll see a lot of drugs driving.
You'll also hear a lot of gun shots
because right next, like any holiday,
you know, it used to be only the 4th of July.
But now it's New Year's, probably Christmas,
even on Hanukkah, the redneck,
a lot of things, you'd have some guns up in a year.
Because it's the American F and Y, baby.
Yeah, it was a disgusting enough to make it
just bring tears to your eyes.
I didn't see most of it because I was too busy watching
the Maple Leaves win their fifth in a row.
I was going there, boys.
Kicked them New Jersey ass.
And the penguins pull them out of their ass.
Nice going there, penguins.
A lot of hockey on there if you've got the hockey pack.
And of course, if you're still a prisoner of your cable,
all we can do is laugh at you.
How can you be that slow?
How can anybody that be that stupid?
So still at this point be a prisoner of their cable.
I'm sure you have a small dish in the house.
Now, I'm working on one.
Come on.
Get with it.
Get with the program.
The local channels was the last...
Last drop.
Well, guess what?
All you got to do is look on here on Channel 901.
Anytime you have a moment or two, on in there.
And it's got the phone number to call.
Well, yeah, you can't call yet because you're going to have to...
Probably it would be a good idea to go out and buy the dish first.
Then you can call the number after Christmas sale.
There you go.
Well, they can't...
They're practically paying you to take them now.
They're almost for free.
And you can get some...
You call up Mohamed or some faker like him
and to install it for you.
No problem at all.
Sega, that should be one of your new years resolutions right now,
while you people out there.
Sega, you can buy your cable company in 2000.
Or sooner is the case.
Maybe you still got a week to go.
Just say goodbye to them with that crap.
Get the football package on there.
You see all those really crappy football games.
Get the basketball package.
College packages.
Whatever you want.
Whatever you like.
You pay for what you like.
And then the basic package has got everything that's on here only with a much better picture.
And doesn't go out every time a pigeon's got diarrhea.
And got your important local channels on there.
Too many of the network affiliates.
Which does anybody want to see the independent stations here?
Oh, no.
God forbid.
Especially those Julio stations.
It'll be a breath of first year.
Not to have to be channel serving and come across...
I'm going to see the other channel.
Also, by the way, the religious channels are not there.
I forgot about that.
We won't have to see Jan and Paul's crotch anymore either.
So we're going to play a lot of good stuff today.
We've got all those voice mails in where to play.
A lot of great stuff.
Try not to duplicate too much from yesterday with the exception of some of the latest gems from the top 10.
Like red weed washes and socks, things like that.
Well, we don't want to leave that out.
Do we want to leave that out?
No.
And screw in.
No.
No, we sure don't want to leave her out.
We got a special place in hell for that bitch.
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQM.
Air fighters remain purged high on these long ladders.
My hoses in hand.
Hi, I'm Ed Buford, a Buford dancer.
Licker and gun.
We have the largest selection of booze and firearms in the state and will personally assist you in choosing the correct alcoholic beverage and weapons for your next outing.
Going squirrel hunting?
Then you'll love our low prices on schnapps and hang grenades.
Litter in the city.
Shut up on our fuel on handguns at California 1.
Maybe you aren't interested in hunting or self-defense.
Maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a mailbox.
Well, we've got Gallon Jez Wild Turkey and 44 Magnum Shadows on sale this week only.
We're open 24 hours.
We've never checked IDs and we're NRA approved.
So come on down to Buford.
Licker and guns where everything leaves loaded.
Okay, 1014 at 560 WQM.
Here's some incredibly distressing news.
Part for the course here at QAM.
This is from our good friend Eric who does such a great job with our website, neo-rangers.com.
But it says I've been writing and calling broadcast.com for weeks to find out why they've stopped archiving your show
but can never get a response now I know why.
According to the attached news story, which I don't have yet.
In just a few days your internet listeners may be unable to hear not only the archives,
but also your highly rated live show.
And Greg, this also means that internet listeners won't be able to hear the lowly rated all important sports programs either.
Also, according to this news story and other station managers all over the country were notified of impending change months ago.
You do have a station manager, don't you?
No.
Remember last year when a control room was moved for the Super Bowl?
It took over a month for somebody to reconnect the wire to the broadcast server.
So I'm sure you know where this is going.
This could all be prevented.
If somebody your station stops washing their socks,
gets off their duff, finds out what needs to be done and does it.
I'm not holding my breath Eric says, come to the new year I'll have my trusty battery operated GE Super Radio to keep me company in the underground bunker
while I ride out the Y2K crisis.
I don't have the other story at the other page hasn't come in yet.
How do you like that?
So more technical incompetence here at QAM?
That's why you don't have any more archives after December 7th, a day that'll live in infamy.
And that's why they may not be here in the show and even right now as I speak, I have no idea.
I don't know.
What, what do you give me a look?
The other day, I was trying to listen to the station on the internet.
Yeah.
I couldn't hook up.
Couldn't hook up because we're not on there.
Because again, something with a construction or whatever the story is that Eric's going to fax me if he ever does fax which I don't have it.
But nevertheless, there was some technical thing that they had to do to make a change.
Did they do it?
No.
No.
But the good news is the phones are working today.
They're not taking any calls but the good news is the phones are working.
We're not on the internet anymore at the moment.
Glad nothing's wrong with my computer.
And the archives are like two and a half weeks short for people who want to catch up on all the good stuff that's been going on here.
And also people who want to hear those great shows with no phone calls.
Can they hear them?
No.
No.
Because once again, you know what, today before Christmas we have to have a little generosity in our hearts.
It's the way it's your holidays.
But I'm going to tell you something seriously.
The people in charge of this place, you talk about slackards.
I mean, they just don't do anything.
Not only that, but even if they didn't want to do something, do they know anything about it?
No.
Not to mention or engineering department.
I was especially impressed yesterday when George Corso walked in there about five minutes after two, expecting I'd be gone, of course.
And stood there with a look on his face like, oh, did the phone doesn't work?
I realized he's very busy with that scotch tape and the pages glue.
He's always got the excuse of well, he's got a patch together the kiss transmitter and he's over a pound 96.
And all of that may well be true, but you see, it doesn't hold much weight with me being the hardest that I am.
I really don't give a crap about all his other things.
We care about what's going on here, which we really don't get too much attention to.
No.
No.
And now that the show, now that Neoroges.com, I mean, you can still order your stuff from my center one off of there.
And you can still do some other things on here.
But can you hear the show?
No.
How do you like that?
How do you like that, maples, huh?
I'm still waiting for the other page, by the way, Eric.
Do we have it yet?
Captain's U-log started at 1225 towards the sector for Christmas and on the other side, the crew was feeling mad, spirit something wrong.
Damn it, Jim.
What should I get spot for Christmas?
I can't find your mom's big enough for us.
I'm out of my bones.
Get a hold of yourself.
There's a shot for Vulcan cataloging my catapult.
Oh, stop.
I was in decorations coming.
I need more time, Captain.
Not to mention, it's so.
Well, set your phases on the trip.
I just...
Captain.
Yes, Mr. Spock.
Can you find my Vulcan mirror?
Yes, it's gone.
Whoa.
Make a check-up with your nose so bright.
Won't you guide my sister life?
Yes, Captain.
Where'd you learn?
Give me an on the bridge.
I've got to find yourself.
I and John Luke are split as a Star Trek future.
I am here to bring you tidings of great joy.
I'm gonna have a movie script.
Out then there's Jake.
It's a miracle.
Got it.
Spock.
Captain's log, supplemented.
And the ball's here as he's been out to this trip.
You're all making a milk.
Why stop with Star Trek 6?
I'll see you all the day.
When I hold five, don't see phrases.
And I'll hold five, you won't find.
That I bought you a brand new reason.
For the push between your five.
I don't want to hurt your feelings.
But if you care at all about mine,
then just try to trim up little off the side.
In your future, and out of little,
it's a little, and the top.
Not too far like a hit, but much that.
Or like a triangle first off.
I just reached the end of your, you were chaining.
So I just raised it.
I don't want to sell it to say,
when I'm down between your legs.
And it's melon, kind of gazing.
You could use a wax or shade.
I'm not trading through the jungle.
But far as the brillo that you've got.
Because I feel like I'm having sex with easy times.
All right.
When your future's ever little,
it's a little, and the top.
Not too far like a hit, but much that.
Or like a triangle first off.
Every time we do it, after I truly, I need to do things.
I always see lots of people off the beat.
Not even close.
Always see lots of people off the beat.
Not even close.
Always see lots of people off the beat.
Ever wonder what happened to the British Supergroup Oasis?
No, lots of people thought they'd finally run out of ways to rip off the beat.
Not even close.
Always see back with a new CD that's like nothing you've never heard before.
It's Oasis. Don't let it be.
Be United.
Back way.
Oasis. Don't let it be.
It gives you a chance to listen over and over again to incredible original songs like this.
I'd like to be.
Deep the service of the ocean, in an eight-on-stick reaches cultivation that's with you.
Oasis. Don't let it be. No move.
It will sound you. It will make John Lennon spin in his grave.
And that's a conclusion.
The love you receive is directly proportionate to the love.
You even.
And look for no-gabbiger's new solo LP, Abby Highway on Snap Rack.
She talks to guys with loud addiction.
Honey, can I buy you the drink?
Vinny Gweedle, Joe.
And Joey Bade, that's me.
He asked her, do you come here often?
What's the fake like you're going in a falls-up joint like this?
Can I get you a drink on me?
Yeah, don't mind that a storm had lifted.
It's temporary, you know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah, it'll go away.
You know, you're feeling for fame.
I like that fish next to the skirt.
That's a girl.
You're reminds me of my mother.
You're a slut shot at us.
He got to be now.
The right back is where you're just going to drink the drink.
Where's his chinos with two thighs?
Oh, yeah, the song I look good.
Breaked out a lot of fifties when the jack comes.
Yeah, I'm in the unions.
Then it's fixed up to spend the night.
What do you mean, no?
What do you mean?
And he talks to Gweedle.
Come on on here.
They all wear magical chains.
Come on, sweetie, I'll show you a picture.
Oh, yeah, she talks to Gweedle.
Come on, baby.
I will defend no brain.
Oh, you mean no brain.
Who said that?
And she talks to me.
Let's point.
She's blind.
I'm getting blind.
Hey, where are you?
Oh, yeah, she talks to me.
Hey, she's always in the dreams.
Hey, where are you?
Come back, where are you?
Come here.
Now, what's the name of this song?
It's El Chote, Estano, Jake on the Haileno.
Now, have you heard about this song?
Have you seen about this song?
El Questa, they say questions.
Hey, boy, morning.
Oh, yeah, you're kidding me.
That's my word.
Oh, yeah.
And tomorrow, Mr. Tom Broca will have an examination of the district of Amsterdam.
As the as Tom Broca in New York,
Yo, Tengo, and reporter Dela Senora,
K-Dento, and El Buffo,
Orden Arrow.
Sabien, de Gustav Ross, Rachel,
Freold, Monica, Joey, and Shandler,
and Amigo.
No, my wife is a lesbian.
She's a very cool woman.
Actually, in the movie of the three nights,
much more beautiful things.
And really,
just a little bit more.
And the division.
And the division.
And the division.
And the division.
And the division.
And the division.
And the division.
No matter how hard it's right,
can't get further down together to tell with you.
She won't touch up any.
Shacéry, I'm grieving.
It's so hard and believing.
Call this really, that's her son.
Today, the guy is really hot.
I can't believe she's a lesbian.
You're not the lesbian.
You must be something wrong
that she's gay.
I really don't know where I went wrong.
I can't believe she's a lesbian.
I see her lesbian.
I really don't know where I went wrong.
Maybe she hurts anything else.
Okay, so here's the story that Eric finally facts.
I didn't realize it's a holiday, Eric,
but you're usually a little faster than this.
But nevertheless,
Yahoo broadcast will eliminate all real audio streams
and files before New Year's Day,
immediately replacing them with Windows Media Player content,
according to Yahoo broadcast users in the radio industry.
This will cause a break in service where a lot of people
say is one effective user.
Listers will have to download and begin using Windows Media Player
instead of real-world real-play in order to receive broadcast
to coin industry sources.
And Unix users will be rendered permanently unable to access
any Yahoo broadcast content because Windows Media Player
does not have Unix version.
The source is added that the material archived
in real-player format no longer will be accessible
to Yahoo broadcast unless it's converted to the Windows Media Player
format, a potentially difficult and expensive process.
Expensive, that leaves us out, huh?
One radio industry manager reports being said
in the broadcasting server containing Windows Media
rather than real broadcasting software with no notification
of the actual reason for the server's switch.
Another who sends his station signal directly to you,
a Yahoo broadcast offices for retransmission
without use of a server since he was informed of the change,
but not of the exact date nor of its implications for users.
A Yahoo-impsed spokesman declined the opportunity
to comment on the switch.
So I do like that a little bait and switch.
So we're getting a little bit of taste of our own medicine
here at QIM, a little bait and switch,
like those expensive spots being run
in the middle of U.M. basketball.
1026 at 560 WQM, speaking of...
NASCAR racing is the hottest sport with hottest drivers.
But if you're a fan of NASCAR, where do you go
when you want to keep the adrenaline pumping?
Answer? NASCAR!
NASCAR!
NASCAR!
Yes, if you've been pushing old egg
and you're feeling a little tight,
loosen up with a couple of rounds at NASCAR.
Looking for a little extra fight?
Think of the menu and try a couple of wedges of cheese.
Or if you're on a diet, ask for our restricted plate menus.
And when you need to make a pit stop,
our crew will get you in and out in 20 seconds.
Go, go, go!
Try it, I'm trying!
It's not freedom, my glass is already!
And when you're back in the action,
try out the high bank stands floor where you can safely dance
nose to tail thanks to your own spotter.
It's time to head, just...
Go there.
Go there, and clear.
Come on around the corner and drive yourself to drink at NASCAR.
Speaking of that, by the way, Joe Castó will be in the bar morning,
even on Christmas Day.
What a trooper, baby!
On Christmas Day to do that exciting motor sports show
at 6 tomorrow morning.
And look at this, even...
Is that going to be live the golf show with Kimba and Mark Wood?
No, it's on tape.
See, Joe's coming in live tomorrow.
Unlike Kim Boatcamp, who's taking off on Christmas Day,
being a professional goi.
And then it says here, an adjective, D for hillbiend.
Morning, morning, bn live.
He'll be in, we know that,
because that's his trade-out show on Saturday morning.
That's his lifeblood.
So, he'll be in for that awful Sony sports showdown.
And Mandage, 10 to noon tomorrow morning.
Yeah! Look at this.
And oh my god, there's a special trick to all the goi about there on Christmas Day.
Have a great Christmas, Donnie.
And cheer up, will you?
There goes Donnie B.
Boy, he's depressing.
Josh Friedman, noon to four tomorrow.
How do you like that, huh?
It's a way of getting even with the goi about there for Christmas.
Noon to four, you'll be sure, won't understand.
So anyway, yes, we do know him.
Why did you pick up those calls, by the way?
Are we just curious as to why they were all ringing?
They all rang at once.
Yeah, they're bad.
Well, they called, they rang, because they want to tell us that we're still on the internet.
And Eric did mention that in a subsequent fact, for now we're on there.
But a change is coming any moment, any second.
And are we going to be prepared for it here at QAM?
No.
Are we on top of this?
No.
Are we aware of this?
No.
Are we ready to prepare to spend that money?
It's either the internet or the baseboards out there in a hallway.
And those baseboards today are looking pretty good.
Pretty damn good.
Are they working today?
No.
No, because it's close to Christmas Eve already.
So our hard work and folks out there are not working on it today.
But nevertheless, the progress is scintillating.
You would be astonished.
I bet you, by the year 25-25, we get that guy damn project finished.
Can't believe this all.
Can't believe this all.
Can't believe this.
Can't believe this.
There's a close all the street.
How to stick it in town.
Man, it's seven to go with power, but three to four.
Slinger fires way online.
Or you can pick demandable to be cobaltab.
The temperature to be pulled around here, pulled it down to town.
So they can't provide it to go through.
The clock can't provide it to 50 minutes of the head.
My 10 feet.
Like your bank get over now to Yogger.
68 to the penguin.
Finds cobaltab.
Cobaltab is lying in front with a sick family eye.
Yogger takes the...
So...
Yogger from the right wing circle.
And the penguin regain the lead.
Four to three.
Oh, that's fine.
Back with a hacksaw.
Yogger, very younger.
Back of the goal to Coral has passed a pectinality.
Now here's the race for us.
Eagle Coral is gonna make a way.
Coral has been chased out by the man.
Coral has been chased out by the man.
Coral has been chased out by the man.
The fifth short handed goal in the season for the lead.
And Eagle Coral has had just enough gaps to get down the ice.
Here's a female liar who is deep in the lead goal.
This is a truck ticket tonight.
As Madden gets it in the middle of the line to Arnavon,
and it's tipped away by the main lead.
There's a lot of games between Christmas and New Year's.
This is one lot of the kids around.
Here's Mark Cobb in.
Mark Cobb holding the clock.
Mark Cobb's still in the center score.
Yes, that's the farthest high to the hole.
And the lead's leading.
Trimmer one.
Oh, Sunday.
Sunday is rocking the truck,
but it'll be dropped by a handout.
And it's played on the line and escaped the center right.
All right.
Very fast to hope when taking a pass.
I have to go wide under the fan's cross for Thomas Scott in the hole.
And it's not a big deal.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Sunday.
I'm a Saturday.
I'm a Saturday.
On Sam's Craconокay.
There was SpaziTelyi here in Baylor,
米- Nik rolling top.
Half unavailable to Teauto
I pull this pico out of the barrel out.
I put on the leader holdin' and I wear a funny hat.
The sound of a crackdoos, I can't let up the flare again.
It's a sound you won't go gay now.
It's my favorite dance on single-limes, people got.
Fear, fear, side up.
Singin' an idea, pico out.
We can't get it rolled out.
It's just not to throw on both of you.
Sing, your fear, got out.
Singin' an idea, pico out.
Singin' an idea, pico out.
Singin' a pico out.
The band goes on top.
I will fan it on out there, pico out.
Dance with your grandma.
During those out there, pico out.
There is a man, no fear, pico out.
Drink some hot new pico out.
He's the hero outside.
Listenin' to a pico out.
Listenin' to a pico out.
Everyone's out there, pico out.
Dance with your grandma.
Dance with your grandma.
Dance with your grandma.
Dance with your grandma.
Dance with your grandma.
Dance with your grandma.
I'm queer and my ambition.
I'm a back who likes dream balls.
I'm here to propose this vision.
It's not for that side of us.
Are you ready to rest through the warm air in the sky?
If the fire is moving, you can stir it up.
It's time for the first six rounds.
It's time for our eyes to hide in the window, like no one.
I'm a back, I'm a back, I'm a back, I'm a back, I'm a back.
I'm a back, I'm a back, I'm a back, I'm a back.
Here's your C-Mode.
You're so dumb, you're so dumb.
I got one addition to what I could say.
I found a new addiction.
I like to wear a dress.
I heard that girl talking about a back, I drive her hard.
I've got one balance, I look sick on the washes.
You almost makes me lose my racing heart.
She tries out how I try, you're gonna be the best killer.
I'm a back, I try, I open my skull, I reinvent my neck.
I'm going to be a bit more than a few of us now.
21 to 11 at 560 WQM.
Boy, we got some stuff coming up today or what?
No.
Well, not much.
Well, at 2 o'clock today, we got an early Jimmy.
We got a shot.
Should be special.
Johnson show.
Tell you one thing about Jimmy.
He's an asshole.
Anyway, that's it, too.
And then well, because we got NFL football
this afternoon, how do you like that?
Yeah.
Now, wondering, you know, Nancy, Dallas in the Orleans,
what work is that going to be on CBS?
Because that means the guiding light's
going to be preempted this afternoon.
Well, that would be bad.
Just what finances about to make a comeback?
Just when Rivas about to lose her mind.
I mean, just when all the good stuff is that on the CBS?
He sure.
I think it's on Fox.
Oh, I sure hope so.
And I see.
Huh?
The NFL.
All right, let's hear it.
It's on Fox.
It means we can see what's going on there this afternoon,
huh?
Maybe even Billy Jr. will make an appearance
with those bad lists.
But anyway, so Dallas at New Orleans today,
anybody going to be listening to that game?
No.
And he would have been good watching that game.
No.
Oh, my God.
Talk about your Christmas turkey.
There it is.
Three o'clock this afternoon.
And then we got ESPN, the UP and Radio,
and Sports Fan Radio, because everybody's
off for the holiday.
Till tomorrow, of course, when Joe Castello
is the one sucker.
I mean, the one and the bull guy that comes in early in the morning.
Jimmy Johnson show at two this afternoon, baby.
Makes me want to play Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
But we better do this spot first.
Yeah, that's what it makes me think of as soon as I hear that.
We could be Scott and Scott, special,
and I could be an asshole when I probably am.
Instead of it so on, heart X.
Boy, more and more people talk to me about him.
Say, man alive.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, everybody I talk to tells me that,
except that some people around here, of course,
who still have their head stuck in there.
Hey, when you're in the mood for a really sinful time,
there's only one club that can satisfy that sinful,
or it's a desire next club, Madonna.
Club, Madonna's got over 50 new Joe girls performing
live, 6 p.m. to 6 a.m.
If you're planning a back to the party,
or celebrating being single again,
Club Madonna offers you the most outrageous time.
Gortzcore, every Tuesday at Club Madonna,
come watch your everyday girl take it off on stage
during Club Madonna's amateur strip tease competition.
And if you like to drink, what could be better than enjoying
Club Madonna's oil you can drink for $10 daily,
special while watching Mommy Beaches,
hottest exotic dancers perform.
So when you're in the mood for a really sinful time,
Gortzcore, head to Mommy Beaches,
Premier adult club, Club Madonna,
at 1527, Washington Avenue and South Beach,
or call 305-534-2000 to plan your next out
the richest party at Gortzcore, Club Madonna.
This is 560-UAM.
Hi, everybody, you know the holidays
are the hardest time to control your weight.
That's why I come up with a way for you
to take your full full of jelly with wetton to the carols.
You'll be cramping to the tune of
at your top of feel on the o-brain.
Feel the burn.
You'll also get swatting around the Christmas tree
and testing how to...
Oh, I love it.
Yes, you'll be flexing your all as power stepping
through a winter wonderland of facts burning fun.
I'll eat strong, fordrains, mad.
You'll be coho-ho holding in your stomach
and unwrapping your thighs as you join me singing.
All the watch for grampiness attached by fate.
Richard Simmons, wetton to the carols,
available on Faira Brown's home video.
All right.
There he was just a walkin' on the sea sand.
Do I get it, it's it, it's done, get it, it's...
He's a man from the land of calories saying
to what it is, it's done, get it, it's...
He's good, he's good, he's good,
he's by, he's by, he's good,
he's by, changes water into one.
The next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet singing
to what it is, it's done, get it, it's...
The blind out gonna see and the dumb out gonna speak
singin' to what it is, it's done, get it, it's...
He walked on, walked on, who my dog, my dog,
walked on through my dog,
then he cured a leper source.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, some say he's the son of God.
Yes, they do, but there's other people think it's so odd.
Now he's the reason that we have any sedation.
And do I get it, it's it, it's done, get it, it's...
And he's the reason that all the Christians praise him.
Do I get it, it's done, get it, it's...
They praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down,
praise him, and kneel down, the man of water, thorny ground.
Do I get it, it's done, get it, it's...
Do I get it, it's done, get it, it's...
Do I get it, it's done, get it, it's easy, Friendsed.
Do I get it, it's done, get it, it's...
Do I get it, it's done, he's...
Dude!
Do I get...
I'm gonna have to pick you who we owe you.
Drive on at our team.
Our building head on Reena for the Miami Beach.
Happens to a Reena.
Somehow don't seem right.
Better ask your call in tort-manageral advice.
If you need anything, it's my call.
There's no fascist on there.
I'll all try.
Next turn, we'll play down.
And in Georgia, we'll tour the night.
Before we move our ass, take the piano sound.
Like that, start.
Oh, hi, that's so much better than you.
Let's be successful.
You will love me forever.
I'll see you next time.
I'll see you next time.
Little equal fact for the analog.
1046-550Q.
I'm here.
Here's a great facts by the way.
Well, there's one fact I addressed to George.
George is on vacation this week, by the way.
And Joe don't take his facts unless there's money on him.
That's about the Windows media player and real player,
and it's an ad, and etc.
Sorry, not interested.
Let them worry about it.
Okay, no nothing about that stuff.
Although I do have this neat computer in my house,
it's really cheap that came in a mail.
But anyway, so here's the fact that says,
Neil, I've been a long time listener going back to the days of
Blue Hair, prescription drug calling shows on WKAT.
So to me, you are truly...
Damn, come on!
I truly enjoyed the no-call format.
Would like to see you continue on for the consecutive days record.
I'm going to be continuing on for a long, long time.
A long time.
I'm fasting the day to congratulate you for not giving much attention
to this John Rocker Crab.
Nice go, Neil!
Ah, yeah!
What's a big deal?
He's a bigot and he opened up his mouth and see,
with Mark shot, it's different because he's an owner of a team.
He's supposed to put on an act and pretend that he likes spursus
and everybody else.
But this guy, he did dumb joke.
So why can't he express opinions even if they're vulgar?
So anyway, it says I'm a spook from New Jersey,
who couldn't give a crap about another dumb joke,
who proved to the world how ignorant and insensitive he is.
What Frost Myass is that major league baseball has got the nerve
to take on this posture of sanctimony and righteous indignation
when that institution almost invented racism in the 20th century.
Good point, spartzer.
In America, you've got the right to be a jerk just as long as you don't physically harm anybody else,
just as Charles Barkley read you by it or Larry Johnson.
Leave this moron to his teammates and professional contemporaries for retribution.
There are animals anyway, so let them move their souls.
Says this shawl.
Who gives a crap that another joke shows how stupid he is?
Happy holidays from a spook from New Jersey and ex-Jock Huracune.
It's your ex-Huracune. How do you like that?
Oh, damn.
Oh, they must have let him out for the holidays.
Jesus Christ, for extra strength, dexedra.
When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is a headache.
There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world,
since weighing under shoulders,
and some f***ing gladiator sticks his spear in your side.
Yeah!
Jesus Christ, dexedra.
So when this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head,
that's when I reach for dexedra.
Well, I... I don't reach for it.
Hey! Anybody got any dexedra?
Hey, Jonas! Could you help me out?
Come on, I'm the savior for Christ's sake!
Extra strength, dexedra.
Because a headache is a heavy cross to bear.
Well, they say I broke the law about a dose of reed,
but I swear my Bible says no.
Sure, it's right there in the King James, don't play sixty-three.
But I use my right eye to veto.
You always really let me hit you as the chance of 42 times the end of all.
So they say I run a country from inside my pants
to think you could have been stuck with my dose.
You don't care who I did,
where I've been, don't care if I've lied.
Those people still love me, those who I've done,
where I've been, don't care if I've lied.
As you all still love me, they've been talking about my appetite
since my first turn, and I don't think they mean me, me, me.
My critics say I'm breathing,
who's really dumb, and that I'm warning her that I can't hide it.
You don't care who I've done,
where I've been, don't care if I've lied.
Those people still love me, those who I've done,
where I've slept, don't care what I did,
don't care if I've been good.
All right, I'll tell you this meeting of the right wing conspiracy door.
Bob, what are we going to do about this, Bob?
Here's to meet my state, we've meet you and put me in there, let me run things.
Bob, I'm the one the American people want.
I remember when I was president back in there.
Why don't you go back to sleep, Rod?
First, whatever happened to those photos of him and the news woman you said you had.
You were supposed to pass those miles.
Reach my lips, no nude facts there.
Well, we need something on this guy, Bob, don't watch him out of the white house.
Remember when money and money were in the white house?
Yeah, Bob, Ronnie, put your hand on the paper.
I don't get it, we can't this guy literally with his hands down,
but people just don't care.
You don't care who I've done,
where I've been, don't care if I've lied,
because you also love me, who's been screwed.
If I've been looted, I am still looted.
America loves me, who I've laid, who I've laid.
Don't care if I've lied, because you also love me, who's been breached.
Who I've been, I won't be the end of the page,
because you're all making money.
New from the makers of CK1,
dissent for both sexes, comes an illicit and aromatic apathy,
they just made for homosexual.
D.I. CQ.
D.I. CK1 is the stiff, due sensitive age alternative lifestyle.
Some could even leave you feeling half-cocked and smell doesn't last long.
With D.I. CK1, you just squirted out your face and you're good to go, say what?
D.I. CQ1.
Scientifically designed with turbulent signs and cheap sperm extractants, D.I. CK1.
In the 12-inch bottle with the purple tip of the sensor, it's the all-new D.I. CK1.
And coming soon, the all-new central lesbian, SSY1.
Really? Are you still in the bathroom?
Yeah, mom, I'll be right out!
Little Willie Stanford just found something amazing and his life will never be the same.
God, he sure is in there enough a lot.
Are you all right in there, Willie?
Almost finished.
Coming soon, the theaters everywhere.
It's sooo good.
Yes!
When I found my dad's porno's.
Willie, spread it off the clean-ex go and let's just live at a floor.
Are you eating in here again?
From depressed and awkward teens to the happiest guy in school,
Willie Stanford has found heaven in his father's hope chest.
Oh, it's okay, mom. You and Dad go out.
I'll stay here and watch the house. I don't mind.
When I found my dad's porno's, rated PG-13.
All kids, H-13 must see this film.
No, there's a video just for adults.
Cherry Springer says I've got to get these guys on my show.
See how one big fat captain wearing an ugly blue suit gets down the pan to Mr. Green Jean.
And wait till you see what he does with dancing there.
Grandfather clock can't keep his hands off of Mr. Moose.
And watch money, Raddit, get himself a little cotton tail.
And when the balls fall on these guys' faces, they love it.
Captain Kangus grew.
Now on video through the Homo Shopping Network.
Captain Kangus grew.
Now on video.
Now through the fifth point fattencho.
If your daughter and the daughter of the captain don't know.
He said honey caught money for you.
So when you take them in back it's the private food.
When the hands off.
Hands off.
Hands off.
That's it, hands off.
Take your clothes off, you little kids.
I brought a whole seat down like a tuna fish.
Thinking of a big roll of his fat.
You don't leave out the fell if you tell where it's at.
Hands off.
Hands off.
Hands off.
That's it, hands off.
The girls are determined to think fat guys.
You know how to make the balls and thrive.
That's the chase with the shells in the house.
You need to get far gone to power.
Hands off.
Hands off.
Hands off.
That's it, hands off.
Hands off.
Hands off.
Hands off.
Hands off.
Hands off.
Hands off.
Hands off.
She won't go down.
Money is up again.
Your dad will go to keep the sound.
She won't go down.
Money is up again.
Your dad will go to keep the sound.
She won't go down.
Money is up again.
Your dad will go to keep the sound.
She won't go down.
Money is up again.
Your dad will go to keep the sound.
Kids didn't find me day.
With yourself you must play.
You tried to what's between?
You tried to book a drink.
You needed a heart to drink to get a rent today.
You tell the time of Milia's rakes den.
He doesn't know what the hell he's already got more
She won't go down
Reminds me of a Pokemon and all the other things it's a 1057 you know real hot and overdone exciting for about five minutes and then that's it
Special Christmas message from mr. Jack Club
Not
The
And I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
It is the night of a gift day every day.
And I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
It is the night with the Christmas tree that came.
Jesus was the day so I kissed Jesus.
Jesus was the day so I kissed Jesus.
Jesus was the day so I kissed Jesus.
Jesus was the day so I kissed Jesus.
Jesus was the day so I kissed Jesus.
Jesus was the day so I kissed Jesus.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
I'm here to say that I'm happy to see you.
They wouldn't let me play basketball.
The game just pushed me around.
He went to the hole and beat the crap out of me.
Then I started drinking milk.
I kept on drinking.
I kept on drinking.
I kept on drinking.
And now I'm a 6 foot 5 inch, 285 pound angry mother f***ing.
And I'm going to put some theory of sure on everybody who ever did to me.
You f***ing mean you go home in a body bag.
Close on my natural born milk freaking killer.
Milk it does a body cook.
Pull it in.
Pull it in.
Pull it in.
Pull it in.
Pull it in.
Come at the trainers what's the fun?
Grab my finger and shoot my gun.
I like marching in full gear.
I like bringing up the rear.
I like bringing up the rear.
There's a fence.
Oh my god.
I'm broken now.
Oh my god.
He broke his's nails.
Am I right or wrong?
All right, am I right wrong?
He's right, sound old one, two,
Hound old, eight, four,
And all down, one, two,
Eight, four, one, two,
Three, four,
Harkson, Pratton, Marching on,
Harkon, Pratton, Marching on,
We won't wear no pink chiffon,
We won't wear no pink chiffon,
Army life is all I need,
Army life is all he needs,
Lose the green and give me sweet,
Lose the green and give me sweet,
Captain made me dig a ditch,
Captain made him dig a ditch,
Drill sergeant, it's a bunch of ditches,
Shes a bunch of ditches,
Corporals make my shortage,
Purple make it short,
I'll rip it, make my flag on pearl,
I'll rip it, make it,
And it's like a pearl,
Am I right wrong?
He's right, sound old one, two,
Hound old, three, four,
And all down, one, two,
Three, four, one, two,
Three, four,
Lebanon on 9 at 5.60 WQM, here's the fact,
This is good morning, are you having problems with
Local channels on the dish?
A little bit, it says I have a problem with channels,
Freezing with four Z's in it,
Once in a while, while mine
Freezing with only one Z's in them, but nevertheless,
This for a little bit, it's a little technical thing,
It's like our thing on the internet,
You want to see the one facts I got over here,
Which I left for the engineering people in Georgia,
Those people who want to pock you around with it?
There is nothing worse like the day that I did the show about my
The DSL line, oh my god,
I still want to apologize to myself for that show that day,
When all these computer nerds start calling in with all of this,
Well, you got to stick this over here,
This and your rectum,
Forget it, okay?
Let people deal with that, who have the patience for it?
Do I have the patience? No.
But I do have this neat computer in the monitor with the house.
Do you know I had a call yesterday at home,
From somebody I barely even know,
Wanting to know how much I want for that computer?
Ha ha ha, true story.
In between the 700,
So the presentation calls, by the way.
You know, two days that I had off,
Because we had a super basketball game,
So I was home most of the day.
And on those rare weekdays,
What I'm home most of the day,
Those are the days that I realize,
Just what hell the phone is.
What is that all about?
65,000, so as a Mr. Rush,
Menrick home, how about Mrs. Schmender?
There is no Mrs. Ra-Bah-lah.
And of course, now my new technique is,
And no he left on a banana boat,
He'll be back about a year from Sukkhas,
Any kind of a story I can make up.
Oh ok. We'll call again.
Ten past 11 at 5.60 WQA.
I'm so slow, mom.
Ha ha ha ha ha,
Scalzi Scalzi,
Talking on a fort show.
Tryin to be my show.
Oh, your boy sounds just like a sad, year old girl.
A little foretold show what else are you there for?
Gail D. Dancing, talking like a baby.
Who needs a little draining?
Why can't you answer, Sam?
You don't sound like a man.
Remove the rubber band.
That joke, your throat sounds delby.
Delby, delby.
Gail D. Your lucky man is in the cell.
So, Gail D. You don't feel long there on the air.
And, Gail D.
Those four can wait till your voice cracks.
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Oh, Gail D. Gail D.
When you're gone and grow up, you make us want to grow up.
You silly, squeaky blue.
Go to broadcasting school.
Your freak, your bassist voice, make you sound like a pun.
You're a pun.
Yes.
Oh!
You're a pun.
The EO Roger Show.
Oh, not beyond today.
Instead, run a gambler's sport home radio, 560 WQAM.
In its continuing effort to cater to all three of you
slag job lifeless automatons,
his crowds have risen,
regreed, washing his sock.
I love these socks.
My wife got me these socks.
My favorite kind.
I think it's a dark brown with the gold diamonds down each side of the ankle.
I'm going to get one.
Give that one a good scrub.
Down by the, where am I?
And my wife fixed the hole because I didn't trim my toenails that way.
You can't trim.
You're going to start on the other one.
What is it, though?
What's up?
What's up?
Oh, I have no thumb.
Oh, why did you take me along?
You even got the hatching sacks.
That'd be a good little pet director and go back to your office.
Okay.
Why, there's nothing to worry about.
It's scheduled.
Maybe clear channel will buy it.
Hey, kid.
Are you tired of that neighborhood bully?
He stole my lunch money.
Ah, shut up, kid.
And tell him to hold the mail next time.
Next time, fight back.
But he's bigger than me.
No, no, no.
Just tell mom, next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store,
pick up a pack of new,
shut cat candy bars.
Shut cat?
Yes, it's a new candy bar made entirely from recycled cow dung.
Guaranteed to turn your stomach.
So next time,
All right, kid, give me a lunch.
No, no.
Please don't take it.
Just shut up and hand it over.
Okay, here you go.
But whatever you do, please don't eat my candy bars.
Hey, cool.
Ah, this tastes like shit.
So, you want my lunch tomorrow, too?
We got a hunch.
You got a blow lunch.
When you take it by to that shit cat bar,
Randolph the brown nose reindeer.
Always wound up last in line.
That's how he got up around nose.
Following your close behind,
all of the other reindeer,
love to make him calm and sneeze.
They all would snop up roughly,
and one of them would cut the cheese.
Woo!
One day Randolph got better.
He said this job stinks.
Find yourself a new couple
who gave them all a Christmas goo.
Santa and all the reindeer
they began to shout and please.
Randolph the brown nose reindeer.
You should try potology.
Here's my story,
said by truth.
About a girl called Sipa Lissou.
Had a bug and ran it around.
Gave it to every guy in town.
EZ BAY,
Love and Love,
Love and Love,
oh,
Uh, uh,
Uh, uh,
That's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is, it's not what it is
You got it back to now, I've got it to keep away from the symphony, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope
for the film to know, keep away from the girl, look back to now, from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope of the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope for the film to know, keep away from the girl, hope
to know,
know from the national scientific research institute, comes upon a guaranteed to revolutionize the health care industry, the new and improved,
I can't believe it's not an enema launching,
And now, from the President's Council on Health,
actor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Yes, this product will clean your poop
or like nobody's business.
Excuse me, sir.
May I demonstrate?
Proof me?
Well, I really don't.
Shut up and bend over.
Stop being a little girl.
Whoa, hey, get that.
Hey, oh, that feels great.
What an animal.
It's not an animal.
It's not an animal at all.
It's new.
I can't believe it's not an animal.
That's right.
The brand new, I can't believe it's not an animal.
Now with cutting-edge, leak-proof technology.
No mass, no fast, no duty on your shoes.
Get yours today.
Hello, exactly, just a hello.
It's just with you, it's something you should know.
And I can't get you in that狀a line.
Though as a master, that's your life,
when you're tears wide.
It's something I forget about.
And you won't sleep that night.
You don't tell you why, did you why?
Oh, why?
When those big dumbies actually like to jump behind,
got it on video, I watched each other's eyes.
But that keeps you down, she likes to jump behind.
Yeah, but I'm not gonna get that really made up of.
It's something I forget about.
And you won't sleep that night.
You don't tell you why, did you why?
Oh, something I forget about.
And you won't sleep that night.
You don't tell you why, did you why?
Damian Donney!
Damian On Kettler.
Damier.
Damian Donney.
Damian Donney.
Damian Donney.
Damian Eye.
We have a mobile from Neuromar. Hello.
Can you hear me okay? I got a question.
I'm going to Jimmie and Danny's situation.
I have. Jimmie and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and waste the time already.
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Doctor's apareceration for his clip is
So if you care too much about Danny and Danny
to answer it and Liver�도.
I promise I'll end this clip with a quick,
And I may have to get out of here.
What I did I knew was crypto, but I didn't know the two if you play for the fish.
I guess my girlfriend forgot to tell me.
That is not a big one someone else's wife.
A woman who's certainly a woman of the same age.
And I found out that it changed me with a knife.
Why didn't that big tell me?
It was too dark to see.
She'd be in bed with her little zips.
And that's can the best not a big people's health.
In the tradition of the disaster musical comes Andrew Lloyd-Wevers,
Jews in the attic, the Anne Frank's diary.
You'll leave the theater humming those catchy tunes like No More Bean.
I'm writing all this down. Don't flush til an Nazis go home.
I turned in my parents for a stick of the odorant.
It's Jews in the attic, the Anne Frank's diary.
CD available now.
Oh right.
When the squad of bags gets lonely,
he likes receivers that are wise.
Some people say that number eight is gay.
They say Troy loves the big brown eyes.
Ackman, he goes down his knees Ackman.
It's guy he likes to please Ackman.
He loves the staff cowboys on their behind.
He's got a sparkless reputation.
America's team is world renowned.
But is Troy gay?
I heard some people say in the heart that he goes down.
Oh right.
I can't suppose to please Ackman.
Don't let him cause he likes it from behind.
Why are you airing shit like this?
This is 560 QAM.
Don't spam cops.
Don't need those grudges, callers, don't spam cops.
Don't spam my torquement of that hole.
That always calls you on the phone.
Want to hear their voice on the radio.
Don't pick up the show sound.
The show sounds fine this way.
We've already heard it all.
Thank God he'll got half the balls to do this show without the call.
Don't pick up the show sound.
Don't spam go find something else to do.
No more chronic lookers like the guy with the eyes.
No more army to do and that is gone.
Thanks to you.
Don't pick up the show sound.
Don't pick up the show sound.
What more can these more on that?
I call someone to pick up the show sound.
And they're playing the back machine.
I don't know.
I don't like to ask you a question.
My son was watching your program on Wami on Miami.
The date was 15.
And I don't like to know if you're some kind of anti-trike or something.
Because now my son wants to worship the devil because he thinks it's cool.
And he also wants to just as ladies and ballistic on now.
I don't know if the whole channel 69 is the anti-trike channel.
Please, I'm really concerned and I would like to know if you're the anti-trike.
Thank you.
And please, if I see you somewhere, I wouldn't even stop in TV water.
Because now you turn my son into a baguette and you made my son the anti-trike.
Thank you.
And have a nice day.
Hello, I'm a black female American.
And I'm calling due to the fact that I am listening to 6-10 AM currently.
And I do not appreciate the comments that are being made referring to black Americans.
It is ridiculous that the way they are talking about people on welfare because there are more white people on welfare.
In America, then blacks, there's more white slash out there.
They're not trying to get job.
They just want to lay around and have babies from black people.
And I would appreciate if you would stop making those horrendous comments because I'm sick and tired of it.
And I will call my lawyer.
I'm calling regarding theologics and the San Centinosis.
I find it highly insulting as a Catholic that you people could even put such an advertisement in the paper.
How dare you all be so insulting to us?
It's a Christmas season and you represent them as a Pope.
So, if you think it was a stupid, it was peaceful and it shouldn't have been done.
I wonder if this was something to do with this beauty, this beauty of them,
whether we could say well or say anti-Semitic, it's racism, so it shouldn't be done.
But the Catholics can be kicked around like this.
Neo-Projects is an insult.
How dare you people do this?
You should take down an apology, the same size of that heir in the newspaper, to all of us.
I really hope you use this on the ear.
I've been listening to QAM now for maybe 20 years, at least, I've been living here for 40 years.
I've never heard anything that's disgusting as this Neo-Rodges program I've heard of before.
It's pornographic.
And I thought of my granddaughter or one of my kids looking to his bizarre.
I'll tell you frankly, I am done listening to your stations.
This is the most gross thing I have ever heard and as far as I'm concerned.
You're off my books, goodbye.
I'll do respect.
I just want to let you know that I was able to make contact with the FCC in Washington, D.C.
and they said they're going to send me information in a package.
As far as making a formal complaint about the Neo-Lodges show and the format.
And I also was able to contact the Christian correlation, Ralph Stores.
And we might be able to organize a group of people that can call the sponsors.
And are the sponsors doing the Neo-Lodges show and complaint and possibly that I know that we will not be shopping in the stores as long as the commercials are being ran during the Neo-Rodges show, which is not a show.
It's obscene and pretty disgusting.
Now all of this can be avoided if you guys change your format, tone it down, I start disgusting, pig to stop talking about anal sex.
So it's in your hands, I feel that you guys are toning it down a little bit and I will probably not go ahead and start with complaints.
Otherwise it's ready to go.
Neo-Rodges is a pig.
And frankly, I'd rather discuss it with the FCC in the State Attorney's Office and the Human Rights Project State.
You're putting on a self and at the time when children can flip the channels, according to nine you put on that self.
I cannot believe you're doing that.
But I certainly intend to pursue it and you should too because your station is going to get sued for being racist as well as sexist.
He was denigrating all Jamaican women.
That was before he talked about anal sex and blow jobs.
I don't think that's appropriate at quarter to nine at night.
And I think you better do something about it before you get shut down.
I turned my radio on the other day and got the Uncle Neo program whatever it was.
It was the silliest thing I've ever heard in my life.
If the children were around, it's horrifying. I'm surprised.
It's a producer. You let that go on the air.
I've heard other complaints about it even from the health there.
I wish I rectified that and do something about it.
No need to be taking part in the vein.
And the classified women is, well, I couldn't even mention it.
Thank you very much.
For good sake, all I want is a telephone number of the telephone cards that you're advertising on your show.
I've been calling different people different times for less half an hour.
Can I speak to someone?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I'm playing in out of town all the time on business, whatever.
I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and having to find the old Rogers.
Being honest with you, pathetic.
Very pathetic.
And this guy, I mean, if this is all you got in the sports talk radio, it is horrible.
So I definitely try to find somebody who's there and that's for sure.
And his whole GD thing and everything else, just tell him one day we all face the Lord.
All right. Have a great day.
Bye.
Hi. This is the amazing job.
But George, I did not appreciate it.
A few years ago, with Jeff Carter, Peter Loft, called my house and he had permission from Neil to call his show.
But they knew, hung up on me.
If you think you and the young management are going to get away with that panic call, so you have a lot of doubts.
You thought that I was stubborn, stupid?
You could know it.
It's not right when you have that little jelly there.
And he does the talk.
And he does the part of the sports wide.
So, he doesn't have to go the way with that panic call, right?
Okay. The guy that you have talking on your sports department, I heard him the other day talking about the illegals that they're getting now to play the game.
And, you know, it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals.
And I'm going to tell you that's very sh** for someone to talk that way about illegals.
Because, you know, him himself is not a native here.
He's not an American Indian.
Everybody here has been any people sometimes or the other.
Okay. And I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people.
Okay. Because, you know, he talks about like that about Cuban people.
How about his nationalities? A piece of s**t.
Okay. There's nothing but wrap the fear that the poor people, that's how, you know, that's the American s**t in way.
So, don't talk about Cuban people that way. But, to last, hold you guys.
Yes, sir. I was listening to a girmandage today on the radio.
And he made some very rude, rude comments about Frank Sinatra.
Right.
I don't know if you heard the program.
But, I think you ought to look into it and have Mr. Mandage make an apology.
No.
We're head about Mr. Sinatra.
And the, at Biagra Pills and not being able to close his coffin, I thought was totally totally stupid.
And he's going to be out of line.
And I can't believe that a man of his ability would even make those kind of remarks.
So, please see what you can do.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Okay. 20 till noon at 5.50 WQM.
The guy with the right, these, the voice mail says some of the best.
Southbound Coney and his Mrs. Just came in and brought us a whole bunch of great stuff.
Olive oil and snacks and shrimp and calamari and all kinds of beautiful stuff.
Thank you, Sal.
He's the best.
And don't forget the Vino too, by the way.
Have a little Vino.
I heard a commercial on your station yesterday about 1 o'clock in the afternoon.
Something about a voice would speak out if someone approaches your automobile.
And a voice of a big black something or other would come out and say,
get away from my automobile or you're too close to my automobile, you big MF.
I object seriously to profanity like that on the radio.
And I object to the profanity and that type of advertising.
I believe in free speech, but that's too far.
If I don't hear with reference to this complaint from you,
I will send a letter to the Federal Communications Commission because no kind of,
that kind of language is certainly not acceptable on public radio.
It might be a right between individuals, not on the radio.
You can call me back on Mr. Eisen, the EIS EM.
Thank you.
This is Norman Kent.
If you want to discuss anything with me, my page number is
with Rob Kaplan.
I have left messages with Sandy Bour with Rob Kaplan.
Ron came up with a Glee code miller.
I am totally perplexed and at which end, just like Neil is,
over what the hell it takes for him to get paid.
For doing a show, I contracted for him to do and get paid a certain amount to do.
So I'm more than happy to discuss this with one more person.
And maybe you can get Barry Dilla and Ted Gella and everybody else involved too.
Because this is what I need to spend my well practice doing,
talking to 10 different people about how Neil gets one checked.
Hi, now I'm a Miami resident and I would tip tap into here
because Neil Fox show is my way home and I think it's absolutely horrible
and I don't understand how anybody with values and morals or social conscience
in a lab such as being broadcast on their station,
this guy is just cursing at people, insulting, blaspheming,
just spreading anger and hatred.
I don't understand that.
I mean, do you have children?
Do you have a family?
Do you care what's going on in the world here?
That just a bad stuff should be going around.
Someone just venting all their hatred and anger at innocent people.
I mean, he just left somebody crying on the sun, the air.
And maybe it's very popular and makes a lot of money for your station.
But this is really not what the world needs.
I mean, things are bad enough.
I don't think we need a guy like this.
And I really find it very offensive and it's horrible.
I mean, how would you like if your children were listening to that and glowing out in a world where this kind of thing is acceptable
where people can talk like that and be paid for it and be endorsed?
I mean, I'm just horrified and disgusted.
And I'm sure I'm not the only person to feel that way.
Please try and take consideration of the rest of the world and the other people
that have to listen to this kind of garbage.
And I hope you will because this is really something that's not acceptable.
If you want this world to get to be a better place, this is not the way to do it.
I've been listening to WKM for five to six years.
And I've watched the Morning Show evolve and everything.
And I have a problem when taking my kids to school and thinking commercial for the guy that curses nasty, nasty things.
And there's no warning. It just blurt out, you know, f*** you.
And you can hear it oblique. You can hear it off f***ing.
You know, and you can hear the venom in his voice.
And you know, I don't have a chance to turn off my radio quick enough.
Now, I heard it, you know, I had a problem again the other day.
I can't explain that stuff to my kids.
I've been listening to this station for a long time and I think you're ruining it by infiltrating it with his nasty language.
And I don't know what I can do, but I just thought I'd better call you know, and tell you.
It's different with Hank. If Hank calls someone in son of a bitch, you just heard the guy act like a son of a bitch.
And there's a reason for it.
But the other guy with his fart and his asshole and the way he curses is ruining your first team.
And I think Joe Rose should stand up and get this off, kick off his program.
Because there's a lot of people like me that have children.
And I just don't like to hear someone say, pissed off on my way to work.
Pissed off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
And I don't think it's appropriate.
You know, if you're going to have to nasty little program in the middle of your day, leave it there.
To make the other program, it's the meaning of it and it really insults my intelligence.
And you know, that's not clear. I don't know what is up to later.
Neil Rogers I think is the perfect example of queer.
What is his purpose for his new show or his ugly show?
He uses that word rectum every five minutes because that's where his brain is.
Rectum.
He's never going to get past his sub-floor or audience because that's the town and the people that he's always complaining about the only fools that would give him any time of day.
Eventually, his brain will drop so low you'll have to readjust his rectum.
George, when you're the whoever it is, you can tell your fake fat fucking atheist.
He has no right to talk religion because he is a faggot and he is not representative of our thinking.
Hey, George, this is Tom Jekker.
Would you just pass along to Neil and Mayo?
But the reason I call was that I thought maybe you could help me out.
I've been trying to get those goddamn ratings.
Duff Lindsey's gone home sick.
Gosh, Daris, he doesn't have the authority to give him something.
You know, I'll call a great agree that couldn't get him.
So, you know, and then there's all of a sudden they gave me what's to call you.
If somebody would give me the goddamn ratings, I'll pay the king his homage anyway.
I'm only kidding, but that is the problem that I do want to do a story on.
I'm just having trouble getting it. So, I'll talk to you later.
Car acceptance is on the rocks.
In America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen.
The club won't protect the valuables inside your car.
But a big black guy named Ben Kamp.
You'd aware from the car, mother f***er.
For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system,
and even less than you'd pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
You'd aware from the car, mother f***er.
It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out,
and he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them.
You'd aware from the car, mother f***er.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although it really doesn't say much.
You'd aware from the car, mother f***er.
That's about it.
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
It got him to protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made.
My name was it isn't that great.
There have been a lot of car thefts.
I can't tell you how many times I've heard you'd aware from the car, mother f***er.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car, let's me sleep better at night.
Calm down, 1-800-1 big guy.
That's 1-800-1-BIG-G-U-I.
And instead of hearing this...
You'll hear this.
You'd aware from the car, mother f***er.
Nobody moves. I'm your football player. Don't you make a sound.
I'm just gonna rape your wife and leave quietly.
Don't let this happen to you.
Today's National Football League crackhead athletes are above the law.
Protect your family.
From the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home.
With the new Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System.
Every Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System comes with a Jimmy Johnson seal of disapproval.
I never met a criminal. I didn't like it.
And if they can catch the ball and run with the ball like there's something special.
Take criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail cell where they usually find God in the wife named Tyrone.
The Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System.
See your local crack-deep report, gentlemen.
The mad dog is out of control. And you'll find out why.
When you hear the latest release from Blackbuster Entertainment.
Jim Mandage sings duet.
Well, I'll ride.
Ride around and speed around.
Oh, ride.
Here's a mad dog.
Jim Mandage sings classic rock.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
At first, Jim said he felt a little bit foolish.
I don't like that.
You just been a horror hunter.
But now he said, I like it.
I like it.
The mad dog just can't piss it up, but that cottage cheese butt.
If he wants me to sing, God bless America
and paste these in the cheese string up here, I'll do it.
You got soul!
And it's a nice thing.
That is so right!
Oh, right!
Listen to the mad dog sing until happy.
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
He planted the same duet, available now at all blocks us their stories.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death,
the one thing you have to depend on is your car.
With two canoe thefts on the rise, the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Isaac.
Get a race from my poor little thing, old.
You fake MF.
Remember when we used to post a pack of carabee and chugged?
We ought to get a fond of the fish, baby.
The white ones are cooler.
Get a race from my order of the old.
You fake MF.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
Oh.
So fatty like that.
I think somebody got that.
Get a race from my order of the old.
You fake MF.
Get a race from my order of the old.
You fake MF.
Remember some fast tries to steal my car.
I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac.
Get a race from my order of the old.
You fake MF.
Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Car alarm now and receive a free flower antenna.
Get a race, get a race from my order of the old.
You fake MF.
And hold Jewish guy named Isaac Car alarm.
I was able to blow it all there stories.
I took a call from the e-phonic.
This is a future piece I told me.
Now I can get no job.
Because I don't got no deserves to be.
I was talking like an old thief, Ron.
He bothered to talk me how this way.
Now I can't do nothing.
But I heard it say it.
That's okay.
Change my name to shoot throw.
All right.
He said the code of any kind of life.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside,
the building there, Bob, Brian, the blues, out of poverty.
White Dill has got no job for me.
And time passed.
Photobomics give my knowledge.
Now I'm fine.
Got to go and sell more crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
No, they want to borrow his song.
Ibanex makes me sound funny.
Got nothing to do with literacy.
Now I got to make more money.
They were fooled.
Sounds good to me.
I got plenty of nothing.
Ibanex ain't getting me anywhere.
Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch.
Steal her first and pull her hair.
Then I'm going to take her money.
I'm a cereal and a fridge, you're dead.
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside,
the building there, Bob, Brian, the blues, out of poverty.
White Dill has got no job for me.
And time passed.
Photobomics would give my life a change.
No, I've deliberately made it.
Grab for a ride.
That's how they do it.
These things go in so multiple correct,
creative, with endari recommended.
Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it.
Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold the specialist. Hold your partner. Pull the arms back. Hold your partner. Hold it. Hold your partner. Hold it. Hold it. Hold your partner. Hold on. Hold it. Hold on. Hold it. Hold on. Hold it. Hold on. Hold, hold on. Hold on. Hold it. Hold it. Hold your partner. Hold it. Hold on. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. It's broken. Hold it. It's broken. Hold it. Hold it. Let's hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it.
5-60 WQM, are we still on today?
Workout.
Maybe that's it.
Garden.
I've used her to be her guy,
she's known as Robert Griefer.
When he's a spot with her, it's like dawn.
He starts like that, reliever.
I took your spot for a kiss.
I still.
I found a little boy, not a little him.
Look out, Robert Griefer.
It's his defeat, Terry has the same song.
Workout.
Robert Griefer.
He's blue, but happily in love,
so it's a great song.
Lay away for Robert Griefer.
It's thanks to his sister,
who's the best boy for your life.
Workout.
Robert Griefer.
He's blue, but happily in love,
so it's thanks to his sister,
who's the best boy for your life.
Fight with your kiss,
the same boring toy as for the holidays.
Like the usual flow,
there's subscription to Sky Magazine.
So see a drag,
you can't buy Alice's fan.
Alice's fan comes with his own relief home.
Just like the two women who watched the bad kill up,
it's realistic really.
But be careful.
I found a bad guy, he's no bad.
Don't worry, each dialysis fan comes with his own
restyledal bag.
He's no bad soul separately.
dialysis fan, another fine toy from William DeCock.
This is sorry,
and this rotten
he does not can do the things he's concerned with.
Lay away, this is sorry,
buzzing the
Sp crowded
bruises.
All the
unanges itself.
He said, you know, every 50 that's addressing the duties, he has to feel refined bearing something
other than, put your way to call.
We call.
Every time he jumps, you can see his basketball.
Every time he's retarded, retarded, forget his foot's all gone.
Every time he's retarded, retarded, forget his foot's all gone.
Every time he's retarded, retarded, forget his foot's all gone.
Every time he's retarded, retarded, forget his foot's all gone.
Every time he's retarded, retarded, forget his foot's all gone.
Every time he's retarded, retarded, forget his foot's all gone.
Every time he's retarded, retarded, forget his foot's all gone.
Every time he's retarded, retarded, forget his foot's all gone.
Hi, this is Janet Jackson, and my new album sucks.
So I've got one vote out here.
You got that coffee, huh?
See?
As I said in music, I love coffee elements.
See, see, cup in the back half.
That's why I'm opening up my chain of coffee and I'm of places called Starbucks.
See, Starbucks.
Starbucks.
We've secretly replaced Janet's coffee with piping hot Folger's crystals.
One, you got those ones on?
See.
Who has that coffee?
Ah!
It's so sweet!
Hey!
Hey!
Georgie pushes that his nose is clean and never puts up his head.
Cause he's running for the White House, so he just can't admit us.
Stone's drunken, that's not all he evened down the beautiful wall.
He called a county drug with doon, he even dropped some massive food.
Why won't Georgie just come out and simply say he did it?
He preferred the press would shut their mouth.
But it's not here, got them dismissed.
He did more than what you think.
But he watched it down the street.
And he preferred cocaine to have.
That's the question that he does.
And he make his point much clearer.
Like a razor on a mirror.
But he wants us to believe.
That he didn't do anything.
Georgie pushes that his nose is clean and never puts up his head.
Cause he's running for the White House.
So he just can't admit us.
Georgie's cream, Georgie's cream, Georgie's cream.
Oh, yeah.
I played boys and creamy lotion.
Put the doubt world right down on the floor.
Oh, I'm supposed to buy this action.
In that slow motion.
And I pray to no one accidentally opens up the door.
Cause I got a masturbator.
I got a masturbator.
Yeah, I got a masturbator.
I got a masturbator.
I got a masturbator.
He was screaming a thing.
And practically he did not.
He was fencing his body.
He was screaming a thing.
He was screaming a thing.
So, he got a gay authority.
Or put you back when he was a gay.
Woohoohoo.
It wasn't a regular day.
Georgie's got a party.
He was the White House.
He'd be all gay.
Like a sexist guy.
So he can't admit us.
Like two, Georgie's got a sexist guy.
Oh, that's the way it is.
Well, we have a local, a nobody that I didn't today.
Georgie's got a party.
Don't ever get it.
You say?
Don't ever get it.
Don't ever get it.
You say?
Georgie's got a party.
It's up.
Hello, suckers.
My name is Columba.
I got off the plane after shopping in France to knit your money away.
I bought designer clothes, expensive bubbles and jewels.
And you and your dancer do the tax with you.
I tried very hard to swallow.
And they wouldn't let me buy.
But I did not get in trouble.
So, I get governors wise.
Yeah, some jet-to-beauty employees will live up my life with special tables.
After all, my husband, brother, will soon be your decade.
I'm a doctor.
I'm a doctor.
There's a beta.
I buy anything I need and just one thing more.
I'll reach out to this family value.
When I get back from the school.
You put it for a child.
Continental and air wingists are joining forces to give you the most pleasurable ride of the sky.
Air wingers make your costs.
Our inflite fields are like eating out.
Our Megan Hedgerna is a plus.
The common track of the main gas.
Oh, yeah. The sky's the only jet-to-be friendlier hot-link.
Where your seat is never in a full upright position.
Whether you're coming or going.
We'll get you there safe and on time.
Not one of our planes has ever gone down.
But, don't let that stop you.
Ask our head stewardess for a tour of the cocktail.
Or, relax and enjoy our inflite movie, Eating Radoo.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for flying through the plane.
In case of emergency, the helicopter dropped down and noticed a state of fire.
Hold that down, don't be a matter.
The inflite meals always face right matter.
We sure hope that you will bring us and book a flight home double-ring.
All right.
It's 209-560WQM Boischer.
If you're a lot of now, the beast called in to say,
I love it every minute of it, took a couple of time out between bites, between mouthfuls.
Hey, listen, it's the holidays, man.
They're all shoveling it down in the food too.
Speaking of that pizza loft is from the best food you've had in a long time.
Gets, poked, and free pie.
I've been rolling with a truck no with my 81s and weeks.
That's it, you see the pizza.
And if I have to bust a cap, I'll just say I didn't do it.
That's it, you love it, huh?
And then I get to grab city.
I go to the third world and act around the club on who be fired my game.
I ain't going to grab city to the floating nightclub.
Yeah, I ain't going to grab city and be stabbed in my foot.
And I ain't going to grab city and unload my junk.
I never looked back at it without packing my gun.
Yeah, two dogs, full every pie.
Know that every now and then I sell some crack to a lot of food.
That's it, you're up in time.
Some with buck bones and intersection working for free food.
Cracked city, and it might be a relapse.
Relapse, it's losing time at a purple house with no wisdom.
And the mac and number wish you she might save a red hole.
Home.
Home.
Yeah, please go to crack city and I'm going to sell my crack.
I'll be going to crack city.
You can count on that.
I'll be going to crack city and blast my rap.
I'll be going to crack city.
Because I'll be back.
Yeah, two dogs, full every pie.
That's right.
Oh, go to the guitar.
Yeah, buddy, tell me that.
You mean you can get played on guitar.
Yeah, I'm not saying that.
Yeah, stop.
Oh, fuck it.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm...
I, friends, Larry King here to talk to you about my favorite pharmaceutical company, Alderlack.
When you're getting up in years like I am, you need an extra boost here and there.
For example, you probably figured this out on your own, but I'm an imponent.
And once for about 11 years until the friendly pharmacist over at Alderlack introduced me to Viagra.
Also, in my age, your mind starts to deteriorate and you're not as sharp as you were, say about 40 years ago.
So once again, my friends at Alderlack introduced me to some wonderful drug I can't quite remember the name of.
I've also stopped crapping my pants during the show, breaking out and ungodly rashes,
lusting after small children pretending to be Aquaman in my backyard pool and even remember not to lick the toilet paper after wiping.
So take it from me, Larry King.
If you've dulled even a little bit over the last few decades or so, call my friends over at Alderlack's pharmacies.
If you pop pills for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, maybe someday you'll be as sharp as me, pop wood like me, and even remember your name.
Like me, Larry King.
And then let's do it that way.
Alright, I was right in all the frames, all the detectives.
Oh, and a very lovely lady sent next to mine.
When she got a ticket, she asked if I would hold her face.
I was more than happy to, and now there's more I'd like to do.
I want to keep her butt, but that comes from me.
I want to lift her sweet nothings in her ears.
I want to hold her behind those doors and doors.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
When she returned, she said she was an actress.
She showed me an album, a picture of her opening, which he then fit in on.
She claimed to be a queen, but I was clearly seen.
She was a kind girl, and she told me that she was a heart-to-be-break-dum.
Wreck them.
I want to keep her butt, but she won't let me.
I want to lift her sweet nothings in her ears.
I want to hold her behind those doors and doors.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
Well, I'll never forget the train rides down to Austin.
We're sailor and footy, and we shared our tales.
But as my heart flies to leave her behind,
regret our all my fun, because I hope that you'll catch her in the end.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to lift her sweet nothings in her ears.
Wreck them.
I want to hold her behind those doors and doors.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
There was no farmer who lived on the rock.
He sat in the middle just shaking his bit.
That some boys who were down by the crypt.
They're beating the water.
There is on their marbles and waving, that half-pass-war.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress, and she showed them her rubbles and laces
and white fluffy dung.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children,
so they would not spit.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling,
wrapped you send layer from yesterday's time.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her,
I let the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a side of her home in the country
with a big bent out front.
If he asked her from likely, she'd show him her nest.
So fat dog who was subject to fit.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her smoltener
and with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy.
So Tate made a butter-skot.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookie
that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can dope yourself.
So can ever our woman be a cry?
Oh, dry.
Dry, cold and sweet.
We'll mark you on your hand.
Take your sky-dry, touch it by our skies.
We can't your girl's dreaming.
It's a little dirty, but it's all in your room.
That's the result of the...
Oh!
All day, the truth.
The glory of her sweetly.
Oh, can ever, ever, ever, ever.
Oh, can ever, ever, ever, ever.
Can ever, ever, ever.
Oh!
Oh!
We've got her to burn.
And took her hits in woody act like teacher's songs.
And give some munchies and make roundly stills with her.
Yes.
And woody share it with Jesus and the saints.
So fight, find it and yeah, yeah.
Part is great and yeah, yeah.
Part is good and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What has got most can ever.
No can cross like one of us.
Give us high on the back of the box.
Just him and Moses getting old.
On a grey hump of two rows.
To give some bad luck in homegrown.
So come back to take home.
Moses takes a bluntly on his throne.
No fun in heaven is your soul.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
I am a student of the parade.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
It's English, that's true.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
I'm sewing on my knees so I can wear a smile.
And Karenúcar.
Christian, Brazilian, Brazilian, Brazilian, all the way.
I pray for the patrols that seni give you a day.
file the knees just like human died for the keepet?
Oh no!
Next slide!
I want you to say today, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan,
Ramadan.
And I describe the need, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
I'm an obrainelessly. It's no big gun for you, Benad.
Bao, bao, bao, Ramadan.
Ramadan. Ramadan. Ramadan.
Bao, bao, bao.
I'm a king's killer, but I'm a Ramadan.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
I love you, my brother.
I'm a Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
What...
aber grams?
Abba, 뭐가 떨어져!
is it the
Oh, and it's like that, my little Freddy.
Oh, it's an agenda that's brought me.
Oh, well, he's a talent, has he not seen?
The BbfLA.
Any ruckus.
Well, he's a president, you'll saw.
Who doesn't have to run?
No one else is gonna win.
He's hiding something, just fool right in.
She caught him.
She caught him.
She caught him.
She caught him.
He has a golden spoon, he was born with up his ass.
So look out on your shoes.
Get ready for the gasp, he's a talent, has he not seen?
Oh, he'll give our people rights to Wabby.
Oh, I see a talent, has he not seen?
The BbfLA.
Well, he's a very wealthy dude, with very bad shoes.
Who never paid a suit, my next year will all be through.
She caught him.
She caught him.
She caught him.
She caught him.
Any smuck who win that race?
Against Buddy, but Kay, why do you think they call it?
Goober.
The Toriel and he race.
He's a talent, has he not seen?
Oh, he'll be to KKK, has he?
Oh, he's a talent, has he not seen?
The BbfLA.
Come on, let's do step.
Come on, let's do step.
Come on, let's do step.
From the network in last place, NBC, we're so desperate for ratings, we'll produce anything.
Tara at the Twin Towers.
Starting the incomparable, Jamie Far as Mohammed Salami, along with Erica Strata as Salami's
Vanny, but lovable sidekick Bog Swagjani and Amy Fisher as the bombshell behind the front desk at the Vista Hotel.
Holy f***, they just love the f***, well-trained Santa.
Cheer as Paul Rizzo, counter-boy at Hurt Sal Salami about their refund policy.
Listen, Tallahed, yes, s***, that'll up.
No van, no receipt, no cash, now feed it.
Put your wine in it, I'll get over this counter-repid, you f***ed it with a wretched butt nut.
Tara at the Twin Towers.
Also starting one day at a time, Bonnie Franklin, has the lousy lay that pushed Salami over the edge.
NBC, you later.
I sure hope that 1227 and 560 would have been a cramp by the way.
Looking through the bars at the county jail, OG was there and he began to wail.
So y'all did it, it was very cosy, drank too much, and Tyson was looking for some food, after those jobs.
Luke get all the tailhound jobs.
Everybody was grabbed on their socks, getting ready over the tailhound jobs.
This sufficient pact was a look so well, saying that his marriage was living hell.
Cops in the corner with his burrito, he sent the talk about his way to go at OG.
Luke get all the tailhound jobs.
Everybody was grabbed on their socks, fired at the jailhouse jobs.
Had he rude to jailhouse jobs, watching them f***ing stop right.
Luke sent them to step on their jobs.
Everyone checked the marriage line.
Everybody had hard luck, and could he go to jailhouse jobs.
Well, a word in your ears, and I've got no fear.
Don't be nowhere, no men, don't be poor, me.
The fight for a lip, and rule that lip, and acquire faith that leaves you empty.
The evil leaves is just it, they said it's heinous, but like a faith man, I'll f***ing go in your ain't it.
It's a psychopanity to be, the reason things are vibing, your mood is shining on me.
It's a psychopanity to be, well, say, damn you, please, the dumb question I just say,
make the hair of my dad's fan straight up.
Now I'm going real stupid, got my tongue off in your hoover.
Please, I let up Duke to fit, think of.
I got a must-sat-see to be, see.
My friend told me in number two, I heard you yelling, chock-chock, but I prefer to do.
If things like a faith in to be, so sweet as fate derives to,
don't lose sight in all my ways.
Seems like a penny to me.
Now, sooner or way that K-Walker's darling, I'm going to try.
Just me, I won't hurt you.
Think I'm not delusional when I see real your taboo to you.
If I lost those hours and I told Bruce, when will I do?
Please, miss, feelin' like a man.
You'll find it hard to sit down, I get done with your can.
It's like a penny to me, sweet as fate derives to,
don't lose sight in all my ways.
It's like a penny, it's like a penny to me.
I'm not delusional when I see real your taboo to me.
Hi, okay, welcome back.
This is Kathy Lee Giffrey here in the radio answering your questions and helping you with your marital problem.
Let's go to the phone.
Hi Kathy, I have a question about my husband.
Your husband is a piece of s**t, a piece of s**t that's eating bastard.
Okay, next call.
Hi Kathy, I wanted to ask you about what you said about Bill Cosby.
Bill Cosby is a piece of s**t, my child, whoo whoo whoo, what child, the lord, he's a piece of s**t.
Okay, one more phone color before we take a break here.
Hello, this is Kathy Lee.
Hi, Kathy, I'm calling about that earlier call when you call that guy's male man of his hair.
Hello, Tyler, are you married?
I don't know, yes, I am.
You're a piece of s**t, a piece of s**t, you're cheating bastard.
Okay, now you take a break for our sponsors and they're a piece of s**t.
Why was this machine started, the piece of s**t, no, no, no.
That's a piece, you just start to stop the air.
S**t.
I prosecute a, for the fright.
You're like a Nazi from the Ozerstright.
Yes.
A plittin' anus to find anything.
Welcome.
My women who like it in between.
What's your problem, can he stop?
Don't you think you got too far?
Everybody thinks you are like Joseph McCarthy.
If you know that Joseph McCarthy was gay,
look, I'm a like he can't accept he never bays.
He kept right close, lost by his side,
until he got tired with broken dives.
What's your problem, can he stop?
If you mad at were for a star,
we would want to take you us like Joseph McCarthy.
Recreate, recreate, recreate, or,
Recreate, recreate, recreate, or,
Recreate, recreate, recreate, or,
So kid, you want to career in the Navy?
What do you think you'd like to do?
Oh, I don't know, maybe.
Do they have a cruise director?
Uh, no.
Why do you want to join us, son?
Oh, I don't know.
Something about a crisp white cell bottom uniform with a snappy little black tie
and a Shirley simple hat that says,
I'm clean and ready for inspection, sir.
Really have a full deck.
I still would like to play on that.
That's a funny word.
Full deck, full deck, full deck.
Do they serve my ties on the ship?
Oh, stay in the way!
New from Time Lightless Music.
It's the synatra compilation that varies the competition.
I'm diwits me, that's diwits me.
I'm diwits me, that's diwits me.
I sure could use some socked copagoo's
because I'll be dead any day.
I'm diwits me, that's diwits me.
Don't miss out on the last collection of hits
from old blue eyes before the maggots get to him.
Start digging a hole
because I'll die any day.
I'll be a cool, cadavery,
new cards, new cards.
Frank Sinatra's greatest hit, the final chapter.
Yes, the chairman of the board with a fond final farewell.
Riggedermordus, riggedermordus.
I'll be stiffer than the two bifurlus.
Ask the undertaker,
the pay I've gone to meet my maker.
The water have credit card ready,
and call 1-800-Kadaver.
That's 1-800-Kadaver.
Order today before it's too late.
It's too late.
22-1-5-60 WDQM, the tension is mounting.
Can you feel it?
The Jimmy, we could be special,
got a shot, and your Johnson show at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
3 o'clock we got a pretty weak game.
Pretty bad, on a scale of 1-2,
I'd say in a minus column.
Cowboys and a New Orleans Saints.
I would say Mike Ditko's second-ass game coach.
If you ask me, you know what I'm saying?
It could be wrong, but I don't think so.
I'm trying to post-bow him for just a second
because I'm going to talk about the lengths of West Boka.
It's kind of hard to figure out what all the great stuff
they've got to say about this.
It was great truck that bars.
We got in here yesterday.
Man, you talk about instant process stuff.
Well, you talk about an immediate bodily reaction.
So...
Oh, Danny Boyd, the Sparks, the Sparks are flying.
Oh!
From West Buker to Helios,
you're the fly.
Your days are done,
and when they finally wrap you in,
I'll pull the switch,
and proudly wave by by...
Oh!
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Oh, what a die!
She just lost two football sixty-nine.
She faced up with a tough one.
She's not ready, she's a die.
Oh, what a die!
Oh, for whoever she just lost two days.
She was not just joking.
She's not ready, she's a die.
Oh, my, my, my, my, my,
I'm not doing anything for she just said no.
Oh, my, my,
she said she'd rather drop on her heels alone.
Who won the guy?
She's not dream-go-budget just can't be.
She's not bound up that she is lazy.
She's not ready, she's a die.
Oh, no, don't do that.
When the sun may have to be bright,
but she will never let me come back to that.
But we're gonna die.
Oh, what a die!
Who won the guy?
Who won the guy?
Who won the guy?
Coming listen to my story about a man named Ted.
A harbored graduate here invoices in his head.
And then one day he was stealing kind of weird.
He moved to Montana.
And through himself with fear,
crazy that is,
cycle path,
strange eyes.
Well, the first thing you know
is that he gets to prove that he can't both said Ted.
That's the uniformer, dude.
Ted California's where the trials on a B.
So they loaded up the shack and moved it carefully.
Exhibit eight,
jury pulls,
weird smell.
His lawyer says that Ted's the crazyest.
If you don't believe it,
just read his manifest.
Ted says he did it because he hates technology.
And that's why he mailed all those people's TNT,
mailed call,
letter bomb,
juking cover.
Well, now it's time to say goodbye to Ted and his defense.
And he would like to thank you for paying the expense
of your own vanity back again to sit in the ol'
palatine to buy the first edition of his autobiography,
soon to be a movie,
HBO,
Jerry Springer.
Y'all, to me now you hear?
You are too happy and too be feeling carefree because
President Saddam Hussein has defeated the infinite chrinton
and the Satanic America
while causing great embarrassment to the colonists.
And inflicting great pain of our enemies during the reason
you are an inspection spender.
This is why my fellow Iraqi citizens,
I've got McDonald's,
is to be celebrating most renewables leaders weekend.
Yes, yes,
automatic weapons have to be fired to the air
without regard for human safety.
As you enter,
the I've got McDonald's.
Bring what remains of your family
to be meeting in front of most of them,
to not be forgetting.
And so today,
I have to be chopping not the hands of the handbag learned.
Oh,
you are to be sending the proof of your loans
to play in the kitty bunker.
As you choose,
rum and most pending,
and with the includes,
big max with secret scuds on,
fish mac pooms and edges,
pork tartar with fused,
not to be forgetting our famous fly.
Yes, my fellow Iraqi citizens,
we are to be celebrating our 100 leaders of them
who sent victory over the smallest ones of your education.
And keep this begin at the back of the colonel.
A portion of four feet will be given
to our great leaders,
Adam who brings most of your different research and programs
to be building weapons of mass destruction.
Adam who say,
the mother f***er,
Adam who say,
the mother f***er,
here.
Adam who say,
the mother f***er,
Adam who say,
the mother f***er,
Iraq,
the crappy little country,
smells like the first nation of space.
Just get rid of that.
You're in drinking cubby,
and blow out the whole campaign in place.
He' bur,
shout a mousaints,
the mother f***er.
эп.
Adam who say,
the mother f***er,
Adam who say,
the mother f***er,
is Adam who say,
the mother f***er,
what's surprising?
Adam who say,
the mother f***er,
shout a mousaints,
the mother f***er,
shout a mousaints,
the mother f***er,
and that's it I'm not remembering two
My cock, you can hear a cock and doodle, doodle, doodle, doodle.
And if my kill wants to kill them all depends on it.
I win or lose.
Lavager night, act, the cock fight.
Who cares, my three or the two?
That's all Murianaki.
When you're subwintered and black, it's then barbaric.
It's the way you be.
Well, there's Jorge and Orlando and Julio.
Whose cock's look pretty good.
Roy, I'll reenew you can see the pectorino rose,
growing stiff as a block of wood.
We use cock fighting as an alaphanes to cover what we do in time.
Behind the curtain, all the macho guys are given a week to his bandit ground eyed.
Lavager night, act, the cock fight.
Who cares, my three or the two?
When you're subwintered and black, it's then barbaric.
It's the way you be.
Well, there's no night, act, the cock fight.
Who cares, my three or the two?
When you're subwintered and black, it's then barbaric.
It's the way you be.
Well, there's no night, act, the cock fight.
Don't get in that Mercedes.
Princess, I win, beg and please.
Paparazzi's coming, help me you.
You're gonna crash if you're alone.
No more it's time for you.
Princess, I win, beg and please.
Princess, I win, beg and please.
He's really clean.
He's really clean.
Hello, all.
They say I love his capo.
They're what we're doing is wrong.
But I don't care what they say.
Because my love is so strong.
They tell us we should be ashamed.
We're not a husband and wife.
But I cherish each moment with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
You're not a life of a man.
I'm glad we share a prison cell.
We like to go out at 10.
I can't be scared to wait up here.
Now that would be a fry.
As long as I am doing you, I don't mind doing times.
Oh, call to my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
And I have no regret.
I got you for a candy bar and a pack of cigarettes.
At first you were a princess.
But now you are my friend.
I knew that I would get you in the end.
Welcome.
My prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
I can't let you sit from above.
My prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
And now you are my prisoner.
And your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
And your wife.
That wish you knew.
I only have a very quick.
How about some gasoline?
I'm tired of seeing my prison cell.
I need you to get ahead.
Since it's been two seven years.
Now I'm getting pounds of days.
I'm not drinking this.
Your prison bitch.
You knew for many years.
Jimmy.
I really hate these markers.
That you said I'd put them on my back.
I thought that I could break away.
But now I'm losing hope.
The God I'm tired of telling off the soul.
My prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
Turn up the lights because I can hardly wait.
My prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
When I get out, I'm ready to go straight.
No, my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all your others.
Too bad they had too time.
On the second box, I'd leave our bags.
If you want me to.
Your prison bitch.
You're not anything.
You.
I hurt you about filming.
But now you're a sore man.
That's so pathetic.
I don't know.
Not again.
No, I don't want to try one.
I'm criminal.
You want to find out what you call this?
The polka.
you.
you.
Uh, senator, yeah, you are.
That's what I want.
I allowed the 하니까
That's a Tuesday thing again.
Stop.
Whoa, good God, yo.
That's what we've had in the past.
You sickest call, day 50.
Leave them like, for so day long,
To see them coming in and coming.
All day long.
That's what I like to know.
Like that is wrong to wait in the last bit.
Don't spare out this song.
Stop.
Whoa, good God, yo.
That's what I like to know.
He's your little man, he's your little sir again.
Stop.
Whoa, huh.
That's what we're here for.
Whoa, there ain't no here, whoa.
Stop.
Whoa, yeah, yeah.
That's what we live for.
We love our duty to say it again.
Stop.
Whoa, good God, yo.
We shall love the Jedi.
Bring on the Sotra birds.
Stop.
Whoa.
That's how I've smirzed out.
The Fox, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
God gave me this life, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
He liked this fucking man, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
He's the TV, that's how I've smirzed out.
The Fox, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
God is high on the skin, he's taking high as fat.
Fox and woman get thrown on grass, Jesus, we fell back.
Jesus, Christ is super, he never shot a truck.
Fox and woman get thrown on grass, recent church and church.
The Fox, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
He likes this fucking man.
The Fox, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
He's the movie, he has that.
The Fox, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
God's taking care when I stay.
He's taking care when I watch that.
Till for God to take your pill, now she's got it in her tent.
Tension's broken, now they talk for it, so been both.
Must've told them to get took of now, I want it, so.
The Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
Christ, you're from the grass.
The Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
He likes this fucking man.
The Fox, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
He's a movie, he has that.
The Fox, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
The Fox is getting higher.
The Fox is getting higher.
The Fox is getting higher.
The Fox is getting higher.
The Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
God's taking the grass.
The Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
He likes this fucking man.
He's a movie, he has that.
The Fox, the Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
The Fox, the Fox, the Fox.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
And now, the Fox is getting a 5.50 WDQM just an hour away from the Jimmy Weeks.
Got a hell of a shot to be special to be the last whole show.
Jimmy Johnson and the two and a real week NFL game of co-boys at the same three of the Saturday.
I'm going to have to know.
Well,
I'm getting out of my city.
Don't you see, Clay Man?
I have to go to sports water day.
It's the one to do our...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
George Lucas, creator of the landmark series, young Indiana Jones.
Now, things is the biggest challenge of a theatrical career.
Something like it's Darth Vader, the early year.
Yes, dad.
Mama.
Follow the evil master from Crayon, O.J. Daycare.
O.B. Wong.
Yeah?
Join me on the naughty side.
Yes, I don't think we can.
Darth Vader, the early year.
Darth?
You're not that fast for hours. Are you okay?
Darth Vader, the early year.
Produced by George Lucas for television.
So, if you guys know anything about the movie, it's right there.
...
Police got my touch.
Police got my touch.
But that's all right with me.
Because it was bravely and powder-quiet.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
While they're smoking all of my blood.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
Yes.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
While they're smoking all of my blood.
Police got my touch.
Police got my touch.
Police got my touch.
They can't just get it all I got.
Police got my touch.
Police got my touch.
Police got my touch.
Police got my touch.
They put me in a parking lot.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
While they're smoking all of my blood.
Premium beer.
You've found a red dog.
You've chugged a red wolf.
Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock.
Red cock's foamy head will leave you breathless.
Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat.
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock.
You can shake it and spray it all over.
Remember you can't beat a red cock.
Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front.
The way I'd read it song for it and this is it.
In turns for a sailor red.
You just gotta blow the president.
Don't tell a tipper door.
I'm a human human door.
I think old Stokeys up my neck.
I can't say that word.
I'm sorry.
We were assured that that was okay.
By who?
By who?
By who?
Use the same spelling with a pee in the front.
I get the idea.
Put snack.
I don't know what you're trying to do here.
I don't even know where I'm at.
I completely lost my tapers.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
So red as time.
From the top.
In turns for a sailor red.
You just gotta blow the president.
Don't tell a old tipper door.
I'm a human human door.
I think old Stokeys up my neck.
You can ask Mr. Orrin at John.
Girl read by Naomi.
Queen of the Lowe.
I know every senator from every state.
That's right.
I get it for you.
In every hand job.
In every town.
In every bloat.
One of the wipes.
Not around.
I'll try not to make a mess.
Whoops.
Such a guy to drop on my dress.
Tell me by no means.
Queen of the Lowe.
Yeah.
One for winter trips.
Queen of the Lowe.
One for my drags leader.
Queen of the Lowe.
Oh.
It's a good thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wow.
Thank you very much.
That was great.
Pete and Wayne.
Queen of the Lowe.
Now that is a...
Oh.
Let's try it up there.
Close that to the kids.
Blue land.
You think black man leads on board so far.
It's a big black man.
A special youth.
And chocolate sweeter size.
Blue land.
You don't think black man lead a charity's role.
You then dollar-goers or anybody.
We can shout your posting strong.
That's a good thing.
You failed right?
What brought up your rabbit's eyes?
What kind of knife?
You know your name's one right?
That's a good thing right?
Oh.
Blue land.
You'll be the big job bank tonight.
I smack your hand and bruise your body the way you like.
Blue land.
You get my bow, your long hand's strong.
You cherish your body, you'll hold your hand no fair if it's wrong.
You got them, you wife.
You just beat them up.
The kind of bitch you beat up.
You know how to do that.
Now the pig with no pig is out.
Eight minutes after one at five sixty WQM, the pain is almost over.
It's Christmas Eve.
We're going to be here tomorrow?
No.
We're going to be here Sunday?
No.
No.
Joe Costello will be here tomorrow though.
It'll be fucking a morning with that motorsports and stuff.
She had to even say crap that time.
That time.
Let's go.
Tight little island full of gay romance.
They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants.
Oh!
And rents up to bottom every day.
Blessed with the miracle of being gay.
The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure and a big, big way.
Okay.
Join the big wish to Chesafield, please.
You choice of the facts of America.
If you love Chetry and you assorted Chia animals, you'll get off on the latest addition
to the Chia family.
The Chia Twatch.
Chia Twatch.
Hours and hours of fun.
For kids young and old, it's got to be Chia Twatch.
Chia Twatch.
Simply insert the seed, moisten and watch it grow and grow into a lovely furry twat.
For birthday, the anniversary's Christmas or any occasion look no further than Chia Twatch.
And coming soon to the Chia family, it's the Chia Twatch.
Chia, Ed, for young and the musical Chia Yoko Oh No.
No, I don't know, I don't know, I know.
Chia.
She only was seven, when she augured in, on route to more coverage for CNN, ignoring the weather and storms to avoid.
Her white trash bush mother said she'd time with joy.
You're too young to fly, you're never, you're gonna see night.
Now the white trash butch mother must live through her son, but he sent that flyin'.
Don't see me much fun, still she says you have to.
To it's for me, now help me set up my new widespread TV.
Child, pilot, child, pilot, you're too young to fly.
You're never, ever, ever gonna see night.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
He's the fat rule on this toilet with my baby bird.
I have bad luck at the station, now I'm straight.
I'll stay in this world, so I'll stay.
I'll die, and say, when I'll be seen, I'll just fall in this world.
I'll stay in this world.
Mr. Speaker, this is Vice President.
Members of the 105th Congress, distinguished guests, my fellow Americans.
I have a incomprehensibly large tool.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
He's got a golden tweet and that he ever saw it as I was a cocaine.
He says I did not choose any ever use through fame.
George is as when he delights that he tries.
What's the Republican say?
He never says his campaign.
He says he's going as a saying.
And we will never play with cocaine.
George is as when he delights that he tries.
Go, Kate.
Mr. Al Goldstein presents the part of taking a dump.
Oh, what I like to do is place a heavy tray in front of me when I go.
It gives me a way of expediting the food I enjoy.
I have my corn flakes today.
Corn is good.
It goes right through.
It also helps to have a few pictures of glory and learn it around.
But what I truly enjoy is the luxury of bathroom acoustics.
I always keep a karaoke machine nearby.
This way I can enjoy the acoustics when I sing.
Fart, implement, and splatter, and swoop in, spewing, and spray, and strain in my heart.
Don't care if it's real or a fog.
So when you have to make so full this, it is.
When I got a tooth, I tissueed my hand, and pooped, best done it.
My poopy hair and if I feel good when I'm through, that can help me.
That's a help me.
Alligor is never for a door.
Four years ago you gave me your nominations to be by the front.
This is some crap.
I've been watching you to make that ocarina on television.
And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate for you the allegor virtue of the ocarina.
I am not shy.
Ocarina.
Would you like to see it again?
I am not shy.
I am not shy.
When your alarm goes off in the morning, lock the rain.
When one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit, lock the rain.
Lock the rain.
Lock the rain.
Lock the rain.
Lock the rain.
When they tell me they call me melanoma, I can't until I'm almost in a coma.
How wide is my amy and I never ever use any sunscreen.
Sun with me, and with me, hope you don't mind.
I'm a little fructal.
I spend the day at work planning that when I get off on go tanning, I get naked and fake.
How much longer is my skin going to take it?
My astrologist and numerologist have to help me find a dermatologist.
I am the substitute we can't melanoma.
We bake like a fire and you can smell the aroma.
I light up online, but there's nobody over.
Hey, melanoma.
We light up the sun until we get melanoma.
We bake like a fire and you can smell the aroma.
We got lots of skin bigger than the metronoma.
Hey, melanoma.
We don't care if we get melanoma.
We got a best tan from here to Arizona.
We're glad we don't have genocidal cancer.
I don't know why.
This is Debbie.
Hi, Debbie.
I'm an intermediate student getting through operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Uh-huh.
Hello, it's wondering if it's some tummy tuck.
And lip augmentation cosmetic breasts are basically face fifth to all of these things.
Uh-huh.
And those wondering...
What would you like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No. Could you do breast implants, though?
Uh, I can't be done.
I don't know what they would do right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first.
And then upon liking actually we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit?
Rate of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay.
Let me give you a little information from you.
Mommy.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation fee?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh, okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
What's the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
I got my skin suit and it looks like a...
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
What's the lotion in the basket?
What's the lotion in the basket?
Okay.
I'll talk to you in a time, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh, okay.
Uh.
Oh, brother.
Oh, continuously after 5.
Over at 5.
재밌ing with your empty hands.
Over at 5.
Your empty hands.
Care to hug your parents and your family.
Um, I broke up.
We changed our cleaver and the people Navютi Donatel
Let husbands live again!
Teacher
He wants to change his life, I'll take the end of life, God knows what his kid has in store.
Who are the boys from never-made?
Your pilot safe from his glove hands.
There's no more parents with 20-year-old mega-deal and when he beats it's not that.
The other night was there a fight on the floor of July.
The other night was there a fight on the floor of July.
He was standing on his folks' phones and he was crying.
Crying, crying, crying, crying, it's hard to understand.
It was an accident with two shots lying.
I don't know why your age in crew claims the cops were false on truth.
I want to know some more, so tell me what's the thought.
I'm dying, what did you do, ex-adventually or just maybe.
What did you do, what did you do, ex-adventually or just maybe.
I'm dying, what did you do, ex-adventually or just maybe.
What would you do if I had normal food, good to do,
got out and buy my CD?
No.
Do you get long when I scream out of songs inside how much I sing?
I can keep, I'm gonna get by within class in my grasp.
I just got into class in my grasp.
I don't have to try within class in my grasp.
Did you audition for anybody?
I only had to pull my panties down.
Are they your dreams with your body?
Yeah, not to mention where I could buy my own.
Can you succeed by just spreading your lies?
Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a tourler, it's a guy.
How old were you these week and junts at this scene?
At least until I'm out of rehab 35.
I get by within class in my grasp.
I get by within class in my grasp.
I don't have to try within class in my grasp.
Have you seen your best age for me?
She lived through me by carrying, by carrying please.
She's all about my life.
Well, in this business that's the most important thing.
I'm a guest five, and print, and print.
In class in my grasp.
I'm a chef.
A new film from Empathy Pictures.
Dancers with Crack-Dewers, the urban sequel.
My name's Dunbar.
John Dunbar, the fourth?
Oh, yeah, right.
I'm MCDF Jam, and this is here because I'm old.
I'm a wacky old mom name.
Dancers with Crack-Dewers, John Dunbar the fourth goes looking for the ghetto.
I mean, what are you doing down here anyway, wife?
What happened, Jack? You think they got that way?
What he finds is the ghetto within himself.
You guys want to come into my brownstone?
We could wrap over a cup of espresso and coffee.
I ain't nobody in that, man.
Maybe one or two times some of this.
Dancers with Crack-Dewers, Empathy Pictures, coming to theaters every day.
This is Luna's dispel with Don L.
I'm a Don L. Jackson, and today we're going to spell the word tone.
Tell it with me now.
O-H-O-E.
Now, let's use it in attendance.
Hey, dude.
Hold the door, old woman.
This is Luna dispel with Don L.
I've a Don L. Jackson.
I've a Don L.
I've a Don L.
I've a Don L.
I've a Don L.
I've a Don L.
I've a Don L.
I've a Don L.
I've a Don L.
Not so broad, a beautiful,
They all agree that
This is so mean.
They all agree that
They won't forget it.
They're dating, life and
life.
Life will happen.
Then two or three.
We've all been problems.
What do they say?
It's all depressing.
Let's hear from the rest of
the dating night.
I am my Questa,
I am your Money.
Why do you act this way?
We'll have to hear from it.
We'll let you and you stay.
You do and laundry
and dropping salt
but in a prison
there's no room to wealth.
The end makes love and
they're all above him.
They're dating Tyson.
Yeah,
136 at 560 W.
Before they half hours over,
I'm going to tell you what you said the other day about.
I won't tell you.
I've been through a bedroom window.
If I they'd ever be different, I would.
I'm going to dinner.
The new was crypto.
But that ain't nothing new.
If you play for the fish.
Against my girlfriend for rock the challenges.
That's another bitch when someone else is wild.
A servant of the B.
and tells it.
And I found out
when it changed me with a knife.
Why didn't that bitch tell you?
It was too dark to see.
She'd be in bed with her old friends.
And that's good for this.
Out of these people will be found.
I've been through every woman.
I've been through every woman.
I've been through every woman.
You're one freaking peak at you.
I have cried.
I have fought.
That's where my worth was.
Wander in the long.
Wander in the long.
Looking for peak at you.
But I still haven't found.
Any Pokemon.
Yeah, I feel.
Can I find.
Any Pokemon.
I've been here every storm.
And I can't find.
Open the door.
It's so freaking hard.
You find charred.
Where's your New York?
It's a black resort.
But they were not at F.A.O.S.
For I've got a plan.
I go shopping in Japan.
Because I still haven't found.
Any Pokemon.
No, I still.
I really, really, believe I've got you.
I read my fastened smell.
Running out of peepee.
Just don't stand in my way.
What's never stopped to go.
I'm not going to be able to go.
I think I've lost some of my colon.
And I'm ready to go by storm defense.
I have tried.
And I still have time.
Oh Lord, I've got the run.
Just watch your tail per se.
But it's too late.
Oh, please, I can't move away.
For I recall the day on the side.
I've drunk a ride and he won't confess.
I don't care what they say.
Because O.J. murdered her where we loved.
It happened so soon.
On the 12th of June.
And O.J. ran away from that bloody man.
I don't care what they say.
Because O.J. murdered her where we loved.
I have waited for a little while.
But I see he still on trial.
It goes on and never ends.
As it says, I know that O.J. murdered her.
Not in the plea.
And throw away the keys.
It's the game of the claim of his innocent.
I don't care what they say.
Because O.J. murdered her where we loved.
I don't care what they say.
Because O.J. murdered her where we loved.
I don't care what they say.
Because O.J. murdered her where we loved.
We know all about your evil lies.
And the big black jobs between your bad eyes.
They just sell the whole land her lies and skews.
As the tenable manager turns the other cheek.
Evil through us those who are around with me.
Evil through us those who say your case is with me.
You pop out the both sides of your hands.
So no one gets in the way of your evil lies.
You must be confused what black families is.
Whether it's a brutality or who between your needs.
Evil through us those who are around with me.
Evil through us those who say your case is with me.
Hey!
You have already kicked me out to pass.
O.J. need expensive money back.
On the stage when your love finds there was love.
On the split foot doors it's you off the way out.
Evil through us those who say the hell no way from me.
We've all had a fight with us of your lies and skews.
Evil through us those who say your case is with me.
Once there was this beast who'd stick his hand under his arm and make his cut in 1066.
His tongue has been deep turned his eyes inside out.
He drank a glass of milk from straws up to toe.
Once there was this beast who'd washed his hands
with a hammer on the ground and when he got some firework.
There's a beast who'd throw it upon the front lawn.
If it was living he would be missed and forget his hair.
He would have hair.
He would have hair.
He would have hair.
Mommy, when will I grow my extra wii wii?
You only have one wii son.
Mommy, I like the quorum.
No, you're only supposed to have one.
Is daddy the four?
No.
He has two wii wii.
No son, he only has one.
Believe me mommy knows.
No, he has two.
Two?
Yes, a lot of wii's pees with a great big wii brush
and a baby chitter's teeth with a righ.
Okay, ten before two at five sixty wii.
A great Christmas e.
We hope you have it a wonderful time.
And if you're going to drink it and get...
Well, you're all going to be drinking.
Okay, so just walk.
Now that's my best advice.
And that thing about sixty minutes two last night about the college kids dying
from drinking too much because it's part of the American culture booze in their guns.
Ever see any college kids die from a smoking weed?
Anybody out there?
No.
Ever?
Anybody in this audience die from a smoking marijuana?
No.
Not yet.
Do I say nine minutes before two?
This is five sixty Q.A.F.
