Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami-Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show to talk to Neil
called 560-0560 toll free for date and Bradford
or count 560 on yourself by the opinions of Neil, his guests, callers
or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions for the Beasley Broadcasting.
Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM
Friday you best do the following is a paid public service announcement from the International
Rites Association.
Let's face, most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful.
We're pretty damn depressed.
But as usual with every problem there is a solution.
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about hand guns.
They scare the s**t out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right hand guns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Rob a bank.
Don't have enough money for beer?
Call the convenience.
Take some chips and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free if you've got a hand gun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
The simple solution of life's complex problems.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Find a dancing up the street.
Just buy a lot of hand guns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out if you'd be considered a population control.
Yes, hand guns.
They just might make you pay.
So here's a little update I guess today's list of costs.
Celebrity guests with salesman's parts of the two.
Comes to find out the Gary Sarner and Lee Cutler don't understand.
Forward of sales office.
We're throwing little, really punches in each other and into a grade period.
The water, not the end screw and the break the month.
Two bad looking men.
Roll.
He's on it.
He didn't face the rest out of there.
He'll get one big sparcer in there.
He'll take care of it.
The nice guy, Lee and Gary as we continue with the physical structure of two ways.
We just had this great reading book.
Much to everyone's amazement including mine.
And how about that election, huh?
Yeah.
Whoo.
Nice going, guys.
The best part of the whole deal is here's one that couldn't steal because it wasn't even close.
Not even close enough for them to be able to.
Well, you know, we just found these 200 votes over here and 100 and sorry.
Ain't got to work.
That was fun.
Thirty two percent said yes and 68 percent said no, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, yeah.
Mayor Penelus.
Remember the guy called a couple of days ago with that line?
Now it fits perfectly with T.
Mayor Penelus.
No more pro penny park.
No more ticket in your hand in your pocket.
And all your bus riders out there that think that you're going to get a free ride to you.
Okay.
Getting sick and tired of that crap.
Everybody looking for a free ride.
Get with the program.
Okay.
If you can't afford to live here, move to like Tuscaloosa or something like that.
So anyway, getting back before we are talking more about that at much length.
And you know, some people would say, well, you know, you wasted two and a half shows on this.
I'm banging away, you know, something I don't want to say I had a lot to do with the outcome of the election.
But I got some of you bastards off your ass yesterday.
135 degrees in the shade.
And we get almost a 30 percent turnout for a fantom election on the 20th of July.
One half of the town is out of town anyway.
So if I had even some tiny little bit to do with it all, I can say is,
you're good.
Nice going, you'll thank you.
And then I get home yesterday.
What am I watching on the news?
But another one of these deals.
That's the American f**king way.
That's right.
Another crazy guy who they couldn't nail six years ago and he's now evidently killed his first wife and the mother-in-law.
Well, I asked him a couple of questions.
He didn't want to take a lie detector test and they said, ah, okay.
And what a treat to watch the hysteria.
You know, I'm flipping all around last night to get the election returns.
And of course, seven comes on before anybody at 10 o'clock with a real newscast.
And after they finished 15 minutes of hypervitalating,
they had the Miss Andrews up there in Atlanta, by the way.
He was the first one to fly up because he didn't need a plane.
But anyway, he was the first one up there in their hypervitalating.
And of course, Ricky Tickey is going bananas on this thing and giving all kinds of misinformation.
Well, bad day at the stock market caused this bad a lose control.
It just blow everybody.
How come a bad day at the stock market?
If he killed his wife on Tuesday and the two kids on Wednesday,
which they're now saying based on notes he left,
what did the bad day in the stock?
Maybe it just put him right over the edge totally.
Is that it?
Maybe he just sealed everybody's face.
And what I'm really confused about is,
oh, and now we're back to it again, but they're not quite as hysterical.
You notice that only 12 people got killed.
12 innocent people, probably all 12.
And we're really a nice good people too, you know, decent people.
Not to mention, of course, the wife and his two kids and not to mention
the previous wife and her mother-in-law, who may have been okay six years ago.
So there's 14 people plus some of the other ones that are still fighting
for their lives in hospital.
Didn't quite get to play that the Kennedy thing got.
That went on for like nine or 10 days and there's still some more crap going on about that.
Seems just like a ordinary guy, this marked Barton guy.
But they just, you know, this is the way it is.
We got crazy people that they can't convict just like the thing they had on 48 hours
a few nights ago about the guy that killed three teenagers in Texas.
And then the state of Texas because they're so overcrowded with the prisons,
probably with all those marijuana people, you know, they're dangerous.
They mandated that they let a whole bunch of people out of jail.
So they said, oh, well, let's let him out too.
We only killed three teenagers and they let him out and he killed all those young women.
And out here's a guy that evidently killed his wife and her mother to 65,
whatever it was, a few years ago.
Who's counting now, you know, when everybody's having a good time,
and we just can't put him away.
Just like Ted Bundy, he kept hopping out the window, hopping through the ceiling.
There he goes again.
We do a great job of law enforcement in this country, baby, right?
We're doing it.
Crazy people.
And the neighbors said, well, I never stole a freight train.
He seemed okay to us.
So the good news is that the voters finally spoke here in South Florida.
The bad news is this country is still a slaughterhouse and everybody's throwing each other's brains out.
Can't go to school.
You can't go to work at the brokerage office.
You can't go anywhere because we've got a bunch of crazy people with guns.
But don't give me started on that again because you just can't fight the White or Hoppalong Cassidy Gabby Hayes mentality.
You just can't fight it.
The Jesse James mentality, baby.
It's an American apple pie.
We got to write down our guns.
Don't mess with our guns.
Because when that rogue government comes in, yeah.
So anyway, it's a nice going.
As Mayor Penis takes it right up the old proverbial.
Yes, today.
And it's a good thing that it wasn't even close to because I would have felt really cheated.
I would have felt hurt badly.
I heard Hank say yesterday that he likes those short shows.
Ordinarily, I do too.
I love the short shows.
In fact, a half hour today wouldn't bother me at all.
But on yesterday with the one day, I thought we really as a pubic service needed to be here the whole four hours.
Thank goodness we didn't because what a great Marlon game yesterday, huh?
12 to 1.
Wait till you see the numbers for that.
Oh, and a few minutes, by the way, speaking of numbers, we're going to have those 10 AM to 2 PM numbers.
So we can sit here and flagulate ourselves over that again and say, God are we great?
Man, are we kicking ass?
Even with that real crappy April that we had, God, are we kicking some serious ass in this otherwise deadly town?
I hear that pretty good as the room where I'm hearing 10 AM to 2 PM.
And we'll all do respect to my...
I heard a hotline in that 2 to 3 hour, that is the, not our deal, okay?
We're on 10 to 2, just like he's on 2 to 6, not 3 to 7.
Published this trust played major role.
No kidding, huh?
No crap.
And now they're going to have to embark on their less ambitious $7 billion transportation plan
that focuses more on road construction than public transit, because guess what?
It's a driving town and everybody here wants to drive.
They will not surrender their automobiles under any circumstances, as if doing that would accomplish anything anyway.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Nail.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Great.
Never been better, pal.
Fantastic.
Happy Friday.
Listen, you did a great public service for Miami the last two days, campaigning against this...
You did a crap and you did an outstanding job.
Yeah.
And nobody can say otherwise how much money did Mayor Penelas?
Penelas.
And on campaigning for this crap to try to get this thing pushed.
And thank God that everybody came to their senses and actually showed up and voted no.
Yeah, like Carl Heisen said, a million dollars of special interest money.
He got that in about five minutes to put all those ads on there, all that propaganda.
And they might as well have forced it down the toilet for all the good of it.
That's right.
Maybe it's not the no time because all those guys were standing there just rubbing their hands together waiting for the fallout.
That's right.
That's right.
But you did a great job, Neil, and I appreciate it.
And I'm sure that a lot of people here in Miami appreciate it also.
Thanks a lot.
You have a good one.
And back to you.
Have a great weekend.
Alright, you do.
God bless me.
God bless me.
There you go.
Damn God.
I said I want to pat myself on the back, but nobody else will.
Nice call in Norman Bremen by the way.
And Richard Friedman and Dave Slater and everybody else, especially Norman Bremen,
and he came up with the money.
And of course we know Mayor Pina says anybody with money is a bad guy unless it's somebody on his side,
unless it's Mickey Harrison and his billions of dollars.
Very jackass, by the way.
You know something, I wouldn't be surprised if he's got a little something going with...
Charissa Jackie.
Yeah.
The two of them seem to be pretty tight based on the column that Barry Jackass has got this one.
The chipmunk.
The Miami-Herald chipmunk.
I wonder if they throw nuts to him when he comes in to tap out his little column.
Because God only knows it would be the first ones he ever saw.
Until a year ago John Henry approached speaking with the media with the enthusiasm of undergoing a root canal.
But now, next caller, John Henry Online 2.
John Henry is in the past month called the Eddie Kaplan Show twice, maybe for some tips.
And the Joe Zagaki Show once.
That must have been the day that Joe was filling in for a Hank.
And of course, William Henry wouldn't call Hank because he stiffed in that time he was supposed to meet him at Penny List Stadium.
This day's Joe Zagaki business.
This to me is one of the most amazing things in the history of this town.
I have never in my life encountered a dollar less meaningful human being in my life than Joseph.
What is it?
He can't even get the whole thing out.
Wow.
And yet there are people here obsessed.
I think it's those naked pictures he's got a Hank in that Billy goat.
I'm sure that's got to be it.
Huh?
Because Hank is too smart for that.
He wouldn't hang around with a putt like Joe Zagaki unless there was a reason for it.
And then even bluff this morning was saying, oh yeah, well Joe told me this.
What does that mean? What is it?
What does he mean?
Anyway, it's a great day for the Irish.
Congratulations to us.
If we once again saved ourselves for more corruption and billions of dollars in waste being flushed down the toilet so we can use it for maybe something constructive.
Like electing some real people in this town around a bunch of liars and thieves.
That is where it evolved from then.
Hello. You have reached Dickie's Workers Choice Catalog and Information One.
To speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line.
Thank you.
Transferring to an operator.
Please wait.
Dickie's Customer Service. This is Louie and how may help you?
Yeah, my Louie and I.
Hi.
You like Dickies?
Sure.
I guess a lot of women do.
I believe so.
My woman says she loves to get Dickies.
I see.
She likes a lot of them.
Yeah.
I understand some gay guys like Dickies.
Well, I really don't know. I've never really thought about that.
What's the biggest Dickies you've seen?
Well, sir, we go to a 72 Waste.
Oh my God.
You like little Dickies, too?
Sir, I...
I think my girl basically likes big Dickies.
Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir?
Yeah, just a day. I get to say Dickie a lot on the phone.
Uh-huh.
Were you willing to place an order, sir?
For what?
For clothing?
What? I want to talk about Dickies.
Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing.
Well, Dickie, Dickie.
Hmm, hmm, hmm.
Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this...
I'm not like Dickies.
There's a lot of women like Dickies.
Sir, I'm going to disconnect.
No, when you're talking about Dickies.
1016 at 560 WDQM.
We got these numbers from 10 to 2 these ratings,
which of course are of no interest to the audience,
but they kill a lot of good time.
And we're real excited about it.
Oh!
We're excited, they're great, including the Hispanic thing there.
Men 25 to 54 Hispanic.
Number one, WDQM from 10AM to 2PM Monday through Friday.
WQM with an 8.5 share.
Meaning out WSDJ, WCMQFM, Power 96,
Radio Arrattio, Arrattio, Amor, and all the other,
no speaking English stations.
Men 25 54 Hispanic.
We're number one, God damn it.
Oh!
In spite of all the other bull crap.
And you want to know why?
Because the majority of the Julios out there,
they're not busy blocking a traffic number one.
And number two, they're not done to play in dominoes
in Dalino Park.
Maybe with each other, they're playing,
but what's wrong with that?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
How are you?
Great.
Congratulations.
What a public service you've done for us.
Yes, I did, and I'm going to take all the credit for it,
even though I probably had nothing to do with it.
But nevertheless, at least I got some people off their ass.
See, they were counting on a real measly crappy turnout,
you know, getting maybe 10, 11% out.
And if they could just get their people, you know,
put them on the buses and get all of their paid people out there,
they figured they could put it over on the public.
30% almost showed up.
Shocked the hell out of them.
I'd been ahead, sure, must have.
And I'm going to tell you something.
You really did a public service over the airwaves.
You know, over the media, without a doubt.
Very quickly, yesterday went to vote and voted on the,
no, voted no.
Number 71, by the way, was the little hole that one would punch.
Stick it in 71.
Stick it in 71.
Neil, let me tell you something.
Very funny.
The Detroit segment always says.
They were really, really sticklers looking for ID.
Yeah.
You're sure that everybody had, you know, a picture identification
like a Florida driver's license.
Very funny, though, when it comes to sign,
and the Election Commission should take note
if anyone's listening and if anyone cares,
they may just find your name with a pencil.
Now, where in heaven is it?
It's an indelible pencil.
Yeah. Well, let me tell you something.
Where in the name of heaven is the US?
I'm a legal document with pen.
Now, they said, David Leahy called Rick and Spud yesterday morning
and they were asking him about that.
They put his feet to the fire.
Nice going, guys.
And anyway, he said the reason they don't give penises
because people steal them.
So I guess they never heard, you know how like when you go into a bank
or you go into the airport and they give you a pen to sign a thing?
It's connected with like a thing with like a little stringer thing.
It's connected to the desk.
I guess that's too difficult for them to figure out.
I carry a pen with me every time, you know,
during normal business hours.
I hold my pen out of my pocket.
The guy said, don't do that.
Oh, she don't do that.
There you go.
So everybody was signing with a pencil.
Nice going, sir.
Good for thought.
Good job, Neil.
Thank you so much.
Take care of yourself.
Back to going home again today just to make sure.
Just for the hell.
Thank you now.
Just to make sure they don't change their mind.
Oh, guess what?
We just found it was backwards.
68% wanted it.
Now, I don't want to say anything.
I'm going to say that they're a little bit upset about this,
because the mayor pretended to act very gracious yesterday,
Mayor Pinga.
But the rumor is that I'm here this morning.
Tools are going to be 10 bucks on those four tools.
It's this weekend.
Oh, all week.
All year.
Not that they're testing about it or pissed off,
but they just want to make sure you never try to pull this crap on him again.
Okay.
So the tools are going to be 20 bucks and really tie up crap.
In fact, instead of the old Cuban is going to go out in the highways
and block traffic this weekend,
I think that politicians are going to do it.
Oh, boy.
What a prospect that would be, huh?
How'd you like to get some of these politicians?
I don't want to mention Merrick Steerheim or some of the others,
or Mayor Farahue who talks out of the side of his mouth,
out of both sides of his mouth and is a...
Is a...
Backdome, yeah.
How'd you like to have them out there trying to block traffic in the highway, huh?
Well, I should have a trouble finding that brake pedal.
Oops, sorry, I missed.
Here's the Coral Springs.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good, sir.
I had a couple of points.
First, Donald Mean changed the topic on you, but...
And why anything you want?
I mean, this thing is over, you know, whatever these people want.
Yeah, what is the criterion for a good color, man?
Whether it's TV or radio.
Is it covered, man?
Good, it's probably not be too dark, I would think.
I think so, but what I mean is,
number one, to have some kind of a personality.
And number two, maybe to have some experience in playing the game,
not necessarily, but it might help.
Somebody who can lend some insight
and make it interesting and exciting, like you know who.
Yeah!
Like him.
Right, well, he's a good example, but...
Joe is a gaki on the...
Joe is a gaki stuck, okay?
Okay!
Yeah, I sent him it exactly.
I mean, he's the most boring individual in the history of this market,
and boy, that takes in a lot of territory.
And yet, there are certain people.
Of course, you got to understand Barry Jackass.
Nobody else will speak to him anymore anyhow.
So, who else is he going to talk to?
What a miserable prick.
Yeah, exactly.
Anyway, I played golf with your good close personal friend, Jeff Remry yesterday.
Yeah.
And Jeff hit a ball so far to the left on one of the holes
that landed in some bushes.
And when we got over to the...
to the find the ball, there was a dead bird there.
Yeah.
Jeff did have a birdie, and I just thought I'd tell that to...
Yeah, I heard about all of his T-shirts.
They stopped!
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, have a great day of town.
So, Remry was actually found somebody to play golf at the month.
This guy must have paid the fees.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, what are you laughing about?
He's a good guy.
This happens to be a little frifty.
That's all.
That's the word for it.
You want to say cheap.
Frifty.
You send him for a rainy day.
They stopped!
Yeah, just like Barry Jackass' columns, all of them.
No matter which ones you raise.
They stopped!
Right.
Hey, Barry, you're still a Puts, okay?
Thanks for your honesty and integrity, though, in admitting that you're a real, fat-based,
putt-wacking Puts.
Persons, 12-plus.
Look at this, 10 AM to 2 PM.
We're number two, damn it.
Why are we gonna do about WLYF?
You know, all the years that I've been on the year in this town
with all the great rating success that I've had,
always had a suck wind with that damn LYF.
Life.
And if you believe this, wait till you hear this.
I'm gonna show you how bogus these numbers are, except mine, of course,
which we know they should be a little higher.
But no, seriously, just like that Y100 thing that Hank had a contend with in the afternoon,
their number one in men 2554, Y100, are you serious?
But anyway, where is that one stat about the number?
Yeah, here we go.
Men 18 to 24.
More number, times for number six, which is pretty good.
That's not our demographic.
Not bad, Neil, thank you.
But just ahead of us, is number five, is WLYF slush FM.
How many guys do you know between the age of 18 and 24 who listen to life FM?
Is there anybody in their right mind who ever heard of a 18 to 24-year-old guy?
Man, and you know something, if I were 18 to 24, listen to life, I would never admit it.
So you people up there at Bellsville, thanks to the nice numbers,
if you could have found our audience in April, they would have really been spectacular.
Although they're not too shabby, I'll tell you that.
Because for example, in person's 18 to 34, wait till you hear this.
Power 96 has got a 10.7-year on this show.
They got a 9.2-year-old.
They got a 9.2-year-old.
So between power and this show, between 10am and 2pm,
we have 20% of the 18 to 34 audience every day.
One out of every five men between 18 and 34 is listening to either the power or the show.
Every single stink-stinking day between 10 and 2.
And then it gets even better, like 25 to 54.
We have a 10.8-year, not bad.
Number 1 by about 100 miles.
But like I said, the Hispanic thing is pretty interesting.
And the Anon Hispanic, the White Anon Hispanic,
we're number one with a 15.1 share just ahead of Big and Kiss,
and way ahead of Winds in the Zeta, et cetera.
Now, sharches are not doing too great there.
25 to 54 black men, EDRs number one.
Look at that 20.7, and hot has got 19.4.
So between two of them, there's 40%.
Of the 25 to 54-year-old sparsers in this town,
they're all listening to scharzer music.
What a surprise that is.
Then waves, what can somebody tell me what that is?
Is that the Haitian station?
W-A-V-S?
I think that's the Haitian station.
Is it it?
It's the...
Yeah, it's something like that.
I don't know.
Then love 94.
Love 94.
They'd be listening to jazz?
Oh.
And then why 100?
And then us, number six.
We're number six in 2554.
Sparser man, we got to do a lot better than that.
We got to get all the brothers out there and the mothers.
That's what we need.
We got a few mothers.
Ever hear this show?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Any other what's up?
How you doing, sir?
29-year-old Julio, skip dominoes, skip the cock fighting,
and I went out and voted no.
All right.
And now you feel like we accomplished something.
So many times in years that I've been here, I've been on the right side of elections,
but it never came out.
You know, they always managed to fix it the other way, just like the first venture reelection.
And this time it feels so much better to be on the landslide winning side.
I'm telling you, you're the man.
I mean, you're the one who really convinced you.
You're the one who set put me over that line.
I mean, other than the fact that I don't want them taking any more money out of my wallet.
Right.
And even though that's not that bad, I just don't want another hundred buses on the highway,
menacing anything car drivers anymore.
Yeah, before they worry about those buses, what about all these things?
These jitties they have in Dave County with his illegal aliens.
It just came off a rubber raft somewhere, fit her driving these things,
and endangering everybody's life and driving up on the curb.
What about those?
How about the assholes off the road?
The menacing.
Right.
We had a live end down in the middle of road and make them, I don't know, something.
And they want traffic briefly.
The only thing that's really messed up now is that you know,
Mayor Pinguas back there trying to scratch up a new plan to screw the public out of more money.
I got a new plan.
You know what this was?
This wasn't just an order of the penny sales tax.
This was a gigantic deal to him.
Yeah, I feel bad for the Julio's, but hey, who cares?
Anyway, they don't care.
They don't trust me, they're all on there saying, hey, screw him.
Hey, Pinguas with Pinguas.
There you go.
Take it easy.
Hi, school, sir.
Yeah, I got a lot of you people off your ass yesterday.
And of course, like I said, Norman Braeman, there was the guy with the money.
And Richard Friedman and Dave Slater, those were the guys that started bringing this to everybody's attention in the first place
and keeping their eye on all this bogus crap that was going on.
All the pressuring for people to vote yes on is think,
from all the folks who thought they were going to get like a little handout.
That's always the first sign you should know.
There's a good lesson for you that something is bogus.
When they have to start throwing out all kinds of little goodies to this group and that group to try to sell it to the public,
that means it can't stand on its own merits.
When they have to try to buy off everybody with a little something for you with F.I.U.
and a little something for you with opera, blue nose people, a little something for Miss Horkheimer.
Sorry, you lose.
Go get it someplace else and the money too.
I see Hoover, I see Mornmine.
Save those, my people, chin and my eyes will stay them down.
They're both, we get my feet now, we have to hold them down.
Horkhorks?
I love the three sensations of string chance on my body.
If life under a big shot, I think I'll stay just nine.
I think they'll close off and stop dancing in the aisle.
Well, I know that I should make them stop, but it always makes me smile.
If I pull her in the night, every day at night, I'm driving the wind and no girl.
I'm sweating my hips and my legs, driving the wind and no girl.
They scream, they cry, they swim in the streets of their other girl.
They scream, they get me the wind, driving their wind and no girl.
That's me, that's our daughter's daughter.
I'm crying out how thin, no girl.
Oh, please don't, there she goes, that's a reaky.
1032 at 560 WQM saw that, you know, we're all in this great mood today, most of us.
But the bad news is that we didn't realize, don't forget about this.
Now the gloom in doom sets in because the hero told us two days ago that if this thing gets beat,
if this thing gets pounded in the ground, like 68 to 32% of the people saying,
like they did yesterday, the business climate deteriorates.
The economy declines, the tax-based withers, poverty worsens,
and parts of this once vibrant community take on the look of a,
and feel of a third world backwater.
That's going to happen like by Monday, okay?
Over the weekend, when you wake up on Monday, all of those things will be existing, okay?
Of course they already were before yesterday, but don't confuse the bastards at the hero,
because they don't get out too much.
Here's Kendall, hello.
Yeah, Neil, you're absolutely right.
That effect was retroactive about the third world country.
Uh-huh.
First of all, you know, congratulations on your numbers,
and thanks for the effort and just, you know, getting out the people that just say no to the new tax and everything.
I read the hero this morning, I think that the opinion page is misplaced.
It should be at the very first page, you know, at the top of that first page,
because everything in there I think is an opinion.
Oh sure.
But they've always done that.
The editorial page is wherever they feel like it.
Right, exactly.
Page one.
So anyway, so today in the paper it said that about the cost,
how much each side, you know, spent on the campaign against and for the tax.
Right.
Uh, the mayor's side spent $1.8 million.
Well, it was $50.
Yeah.
And the brain inside, $1,192,000.
Right.
So there you go, and if there's another example of the efficiency of county government, there it is.
And by the way, that $1.89 million, whatever it was,
I guarantee you, with all the homeless people we got,
they would have bought a lot of meals for starving people in this town.
Exactly, exactly.
And also in the paper they say that now that the taxes has been defeated,
you can expect more tolls to go up.
Well, they didn't mention that those were already planned.
Right, right.
That's right, and the ones that were supposed to go away were going to come back anyway.
Exactly, exactly.
So anyway, thanks once again, and congratulations on your offer.
Have a great week.
Bye-bye.
Okay, the congratulations to all of us.
All kinds of people will not vote.
Yeah, but a couple of sports has even voted no yesterday, huh?
You think so?
No.
Well, maybe one.
That woman had called us.
5667-0560, 0.560, the animal will be on the line.
I saw that they showed some dark, complexed young lady with one of those big vote yes signs,
punch 70, and they were saying she's getting 50 bucks.
Easy way to make 50 bucks.
Is there were panties, poor bastards, who need the 50 bucks?
50 bucks to those people with a lot of money.
You can buy some serious crack with that, you know?
And they've got the thing there with their 50 bucks.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yes.
And they're jumping around, you know.
They're doing it good?
No.
No.
All the money that was wasted on this fruitless effort yesterday would have bought a lot of nice hot meals
for some people who haven't had a good meal in a long time.
Now we are getting free lunch here today, but too bad, you know.
But out.
Now, seriously, I mean, it's just, it's criminal, the kind of money that gets flushed down the toilet.
And okay, it wasn't public money that was spent there at least allegedly.
It was private contributions, but nevertheless, it's still somebody's money.
It's like all these self-aggrandizing assholes like Steve Forbes and Lamar Alexander and all these other idiots
who haven't got a China-man chance of ever getting elected dog catcher.
And just for an ego trip, they keep spending millions and millions of dollars,
especially guys like Forbes, of their own money, just, you know, so they can get a little publicity
and squeeze themselves a couple of times and say, oh, gee, I'm famous, you know.
By the way, how's Steve Forbes daddy doing?
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Lady in Miami.
Hello, Nioh.
Yes, ma'am.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
You did a wonderful service.
Yes, I did.
You can get in people.
Got the one vote.
Uh-huh.
And I'm very glad it was soundly defeated.
Right.
And I think you want to congratulate you on your numbers.
You are the best thing on that radio.
You and Jim Mandage.
Me and that there you got it.
Me and the Mad Dog.
Definitely.
What is it?
The other people are hopeless.
The lady that left crowd that message.
I'm the lady who left the message.
Oh, that was a great message.
Thank you so much.
That was wonderful.
Well, I mean, you know.
And of course, you didn't do any good because the most important stuff on the station is that sports crap.
That they got on 20 hours a day, you know.
No, nothing to stand still.
If they were having a nuclear war, the Marlon game would still have to go on.
I mean, I didn't 12 to one.
Who in their right mind listens to that crap.
I mentioned by the last couple of endings of that game, you could have put the entire audience that we had listening to a phone booth
and I'd room left over for the Chinese army.
I agree with you.
And our sales department.
I mean, but they don't pre-empt the great talent like you.
That's right.
They got some freaking nerve.
Although the next time they want to do it, since there's going to be no election, be my guest.
Okay.
Nice job, sweetheart.
Thank you.
And give Greg our regards.
We're going to do it.
Okay.
Give him a, what for?
Yeah, that's Greg.
I'll tell you one thing.
Wait till he sees these 10 to 2 numbers.
Yeah.
You don't have to swing around that same hole in his head.
You know, I'm going to say that five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Like I said, just this one time doesn't it feel real good?
You want to kind of squeeze yourself or maybe somebody else to be on the winning side and a landslide where we just finally said, stop the crap already.
Okay.
Nobody believes you silly people.
That Maurice for a while watching him talk out like Jean Cratchin at the Canadian that frog, you know, talking out of the corner of his place.
Who the hell are you kidding Maurice?
Puerto Rican phony trying to pretend to be a Cuban who you can.
Cubans wouldn't touch you and even a Puerto Ricans the one in the party.
Huh?
Maybe you can pretend to be a Venezuelan.
I don't think they want him.
Oh, by the way, let's start taking care of the Colombians.
Oh, god damn it.
I think it's about seriously.
What's wrong with the Colombians?
They happen to be a very beautiful people with very nice olive skin.
Huh?
I mean, I'm not impressed by the way people look.
Am I?
No, no.
I mean, is that the only thing?
Yeah.
Well, seriously, how are those Colombians saying, hey, listen, if we go back there, we're finito.
So let's start taking care of our Colombian friends and maybe we can be number one of Colombians in the next book too.
Not that we pander to anybody here, but why the hell am I?
It's never too late to start.
You got Wayne Arnold coming with lunch today.
Oh, thank god for that.
Boy, it's a dude.
We're going to have a major celebration on these tend to ratings.
I didn't think of a big election yesterday.
Just a phenomenal week here at this place in this joint.
I feel like finally, for the first time in my life, I accomplished something besides somebody calling up this show.
It's a Tommy's a douchebag.
You know, finally, after 23 years, we accomplished something.
I bet you're at least eight or nine votes out there yesterday against that piece of crap.
143 at 560 WQM.
Here's my close personal friend, Dave Slater.
Congratulations, sir.
Well, thank you very much, Neil.
Your name was brought up last night at the Marriott Dateland, where you're free of tonight.
Both thank you immensely.
We had a nice crowd there.
Unfortunately, something immediately didn't show up.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
4, 6, and 10 never showed up.
Why is that?
I have no idea.
It kind of shocked us and the folks there who came to celebrate the victory and also to make the plans for the future.
And the Channel 23 was there, Channel 3, the Miami Herald, the Naval Herald, and the Sun Sentinels.
Right.
So it was great.
But it was, you know, like Nolan Brahmins said, it's a victory, but now we're not going to go bashing anybody, but guess what we're going to do?
We're going to start planning to fix these roads.
We're going to get rid of the toll plasas.
We're going to get rid of the expressway authority, and we're going to improve the roads for the folks, and we're not going to do it with any sales taxes.
Right.
And that's the bottom line.
I think, and if they would have been thinking about these things for the last 15 and 20 years instead of looking for more ways to tax the public, we could already be well on our way to doing that now.
I know, for 20 years, I watched over the roads and just watched an evasement, and you've been saying it on the air, and I was saying it was sandy-painting, with micronary, when I was doing a traffic.
I kept saying the mistakes that were being made, and everyone thought, you know, we're a lot of hot air.
But you've been on the money, rich has been on the money for 20 years.
That piece that I've seen and did, you know, with the channel.
Oh, yeah, you know something, I'm glad you reminded me of that.
You know, I'm not a big ice-seamist fan, but every now and then he reverts back to what he did 20 years ago at NBC.
He did a great piece yesterday with Merit Steerheim.
Is that the one you're talking about?
I wasn't growing any areas where we built this thing, and if I had my brothers looking back now, I would have run it right up I-95, would have leg to the airport.
Well, that's an accurate. Here's the guy that helped sell it to the public back in 1979 and 80, and now here we are 20 years later, he's saying, well, we screwed up, it doesn't go anywhere.
And the vote really was against all the corruption, and all the misfeasants, mouthfeasants, the $8,000 toilet seat.
All these fiasco's we've had in the past 20 years, and everybody who voted those said, that's what they did it for, but they said we do have a traffic problem.
Sure.
And it's like you said, the world is not going to come to an end. All of a sudden tomorrow we're not going to have major gridlock.
Some of the problems we've been talking about, I've been talking about for years, and they haven't in California, we pay all these taxes to the state.
In LA, San Francisco, they have special patrols. So when you have an accident, like an I-95, it doesn't fit for two hours.
They take these machines, and they shove the cars off the road, and they get the rate lanes open immediately.
We don't have things like that. There's so many other ideas and alternatives, and that's the big thing, you know, some people say, well, we're not going to get the roads.
Now, let me tell you something, you've got to plan it, and even Mayor Pinellas said, we're going to have to find some alternatives.
We've been saying that for months, and so it's just blanking about, there are other alternatives besides sales taxes.
And like I said, the world is not going to come to an end, but we're going to get it done, and we're going to get done the proper way.
And guess what we're also going to have? We're going to have more citizens involvement.
Yeah.
There were absolutely four of us that last night. All these lines that were put up that Danny Alvarez pointed out, there was never a public hearing to discuss where these routes are going to be.
You're getting a reason why he used the same routes that I showed in the 1974 Miami Herald when I was doing the debates in the last couple of weeks.
We had Richard there, and we had Norman Brahm in there. The biggest thing I led up to is when I discussed the routes with Alvarez and with Mayor Faray, and I said, yeah, we're going to have a line here. We're going to have a line there.
I opened up like Moses with the tablets, the two Miami Herald pages, 1974, and I said, ladies and gentlemen, the map that Danny Alvarez just showed you, here it is 20 years ago, and I would miss to Alvarez and say, any comment? He sat there and couldn't say a word.
I said, I'd seen it, I should have run those. All we have to do is run those replays. The debates? That's it. We're going to be all over the planet. 90%.
The mayor had a lot of guts to do what he had to do. That's his problem. We still have a problem, and we're not going to bash him. We can fix it, but we can get more public involved, less of the officials, and less of the $8,000 toilet seats.
We're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we're going to have a line here, and we
will have three of these two. That was the most intelligent thing I was written in all of the media last several weeks that this thing has been going on. He told him exactly the way it was.
That was the most intelligent thing I was written in all of the media last several weeks that this thing has been going on. He told him exactly the way it was.
100 million dollars a mile for a more train to know where that nobody's going to ride.
Hank what happened?
No.
Here's derral, hello.
derral?
Let's see it's at StickyButton again. I'm going to take this phone before the day is out, and keep sticks it.
Lets try it now. Derral. Hello.
all right
american colloquial
you did a great public service
uh... just a couple of comments i've noticed that yesterday's campaign was
one of a massive misinformation
i mean it's incredible the crap that was being screwed up there and uh...
i'm glad people could see through you know between the lines
you know something i think that the best thing that he did near a penniless
is when the uh... couple weeks ago when they purposely
uh... hoisted the twenty five-second increase on the tool booth
and created all the chaos that everybody all pissed off
and you know initially there were some people saying okay well give me the
one percent or two percent whatever you want we can't stand it
but then as they realize that this was all being done intentionally and he
was stupid enough to come in the media and say oh well i hope that this is a
frustrating enough that they'll vote yes they're saying hey what kind of crap
is this you're making things a hundred times worse than they were
intentionally
it will be a mistake
and uh... the one part of the thing that i read into this is just a little
seem to be a volume on the
that they were saying yeah they were waiting for you know they say all the you
know that the vote was coming in
and they say no this has to be the angle of the angle of the people because it
was uh... against the was uh... the no was coming in uh...
a lot more than the yes and then we can't wait for the Hispanic
precincts come in little they know that was included
and the guy was dumbfounded when you know the uh... more precincts came in and
they put the period after the dump work
and it got bigger and bigger and bigger
there for the know
and i got to know what to say could believe it he was waiting for the
for the uh... same people are you see those assholes on radio mom being some
of those other stations they think that they can manipulate the entire
Hispanic community here in that you people are just going to want to whatever
they say no matter how ridiculous it is and it's only those you know two
three hundred people are still playing dominoes in domino park those are the
only ones that pay any attention that crap
but it was so great to see just blow up in his face he didn't know what to say
and i want to be out of the all important all of multi-talented book
Daniels
you know what
in the word
lost two thirds of the rickian so audience
have a great
out
see a viva colombia
the committee in cartel
the book of time
i would like to visit the book of time you know that generally when i go
on vacation i'd like to go someplace i think i might come back alive maybe
but uh...
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
everybody's you for today baby and some of those people that often they were
gonna pull the wall over the ice and just scare the living crap out of the
public and frustrate them into doing something that made absolutely no sense
whatsoever surprise you lose
i love the part of the hero article where it says the mayor who's
state
his political reputation
on this issue
suffered a desperate the horrendous personal defeat
you know lying about that nicky iris and the elected exactly healthy the
arms and mister mayor penniless
may or bingo didn't help too much
because your credibility on a scale of
uh... zero is uh... minus infinity
tired of all the lies the old and you know something was great i think it was
very beneficial
that the old hacks like marise for a mere steerheim were behind this and were
very prominent uh... all every time you had to see their post immediately
that word no discrepere burbering through your mind
every time you saw them
more lies
oh it's great that we got the drug money here with the current and i
school marise what do you have that briefcase
you've phony
even i then the four weekends by the way upset that i keep mentioned that they
don't want any part of them
they have a defrocked
here's a mobile in popin o hello
any of you sir
good morning
when is the i can't
graduation not going to get service that you have a week
thank you i realize it's not marlin game but it's the best we can do here
between ten and two
hit this one is for this craft
five six seven oh five sixty probably just got cut off by john henry
john henry's probably a disconnect your phone if you say anything bad about
the marlin's even if it's true
disgrace
you know i mean
sports is fine we're making some nice money on the station we just had a
great book
that's great i mean it's a miracle to me that's the people can listen to some
the crap that goes on in the station but nevertheless that's fine
because they're rolling us together whether we like it or not
but the sports nerds out there the ones you know i'm looking they showed the
yesterday on the sports
last night they show all these people with a dolphin breakfast yesterday
and i'm asking myself i wonder how many of those people went out and voted
today
who live in date county you know i'm saying
oh voted for what uh what man
well you're next you know uh uh uh uh
good to lay some up and get going
uh
here's the cruel spring hello
a new yes sir congratulations on the great numbers thank you
and your food
hey do you catch the tongue green show last night yeah
yeah
it was good it was good the only thing was uh a lot of us segments were from old
shows in the comedy channel but nevertheless they're still great
it doesn't matter i love the one where he laid down on the ground and pretended to be
i know everybody and uh they just got up and walked away it was great
the guy's pretty funny and then the one where he painted the
his folks house yeah no
plaid see where he does worms at the end yeah what is that
that's not sick anything in his mouth that's the rumor he's there got no
problem at all he's a cookie who's liking it too he did
and the worms and then he showed the banana in there too
make you play the uses of the efforts on okay
there you go
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here on a
great Friday or today when you can actually reach down and feel something
how do you like that which is usually illegal in these parts at least those
here's a mobile in west palm beach hello
see again this this i'm destroying getting that hatchet the one that the guy
up there in uh georgia the one they used in alibana
to kill the first wife and the mother and i'm getting that hatchet and busted
this phone up here's a mobile in west palm hello
you know i greatly apologize for crapping out on you
um anyways uh i was telling you i live in broward county
wait a doubt don't crack out yeah i live in broward so i wanted to see
how the attorney was going and so unfortunately i
flipped over at 10 o'clock to that channel seven
news right so-called news and for 15 minutes i'm talking about what's at last
that's right 15 minutes who we got a very important very controversial
election here in town and they take 15 minutes i mean granted it was a big
story it was a horrendous story but it didn't happen anywhere near here it
doesn't affect us in any way shape or form the first story should have been
the uh election story right they make about 15 minutes so we get to that
correct and then go to the Atlanta story you know i'm sorry what happened up there
if i'm anyway and during that to to you know but don't forget it channel seven
to have it bleeds it leads and it bled a lot so they had to you know kill a lot of
good time with it i know but that girl that's next to uh rick she says
would these young professionals what kind of people were to that were killed
i was like oh god but anyways
yeah yeah listen um you've uh addicted to our daughter
stand that young professionals are much more important than just every day you
know like labelled like right i know how you are about children and sugar but
unfortunately my daughter is now addicted to uh fishboot
which is a good thing because that's all she wants now
um and another thing that you turned me on too that i watched last night was that
tom green show right i heard you talking about it i died laughing it's
something new and refreshing to me i thought it was hilarious
that show on tv man did you watch it sure i watched it religiously when he painted his
parents house yeah just flip me out it was a great show and did you know what i was
you know how he sat on the edge of that building and i'm i'm terrified of heights i've got this
thing about heights and he was sitting on the edge of that and that wasn't a uh
phony dub either he was sitting on the edge of that skype great great that was phony
we've long liked over the edge have a great table
meal um and closing can i hear smoke to joints for
merpius okay thanks yeah okay what do we got the f-word and say
let's make it all request right it'll fill some good time
perhaps one of the most interesting words in the english language today is the word
out of all of the english words that begin with a letter f
because the only word that is referred to as the f-word it's the one magical word
just by its sound can describe pain pleasure hate and love
f*** as most words in the english language is derived from german the word flikken which means
to strike in english f*** falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of merb for instance
john f*** surely his meaning is not always sexual it can be used as an adjective such as
john's doing all the f***ing work as part of an adverb surely talks to f***ing much
as an adverb enhancing an adjective surely is f***ing beautiful as a noun i don't give a f***
as part of a word abso f***en loosely or in the f***ing credible and as almost every word in a sentence
f*** the f***ing f***ers as you must realize there aren't too many words with a versatility of f***
as in these examples describing situations such as fraud i got f***ed the fiducius carolot
dismay or f*** it trouble i guess i'm really f***ed now aggression don't f*** with me buddy dismissal
why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself i'm sure you can think of many more
examples say it loudly and proudly f*** you please don't say the f-word okay it's 1103 good
bleeps an adverb by the way outstanding thank god 1103 at 560 wq amp we got the Henry
Goldberg show it to a clock we got Donnie baseball at six we got the pregame at 630 the foreplay
then we got the marlin's at Pittsburgh and an ed cappelin after the game for the real
degenerate gamblers out there who have no lives at all this guy was a gay is that what they said a
gay trader or a day trader and then they got people on in this morning what's that ball headed
the al rooker go back to the weather map okay i go back outside with those idiots waiting out there
outside the studio you're at imbasillo i never watched that show anyway but today show but i'm
channel surfing this morning he's saying to this one guy well what what is contemporary a little
confused on the what is a day trader look at day trip ripper let's go to Miami hello
you know how are you this morning okay sir yeah i'm in Miami this morning and i live in Miami
while my condolences a guy who might know who works for a large construction company
who was a contributor to the pinney list campaign yeah he says boy am i really this how's that he says
well we're gonna be going to this uh sort of a private party tomorrow night uh all the contributors
to the campaign to you know the the money side and now i don't have to go and i was thinking to
myself as i was driving away i'm thinking to myself it's kind of like let's go back and say
eight or nine hundred years in england and like uh the after they've just screwed all the the
peasantry the after the you know the the war and turbulence and you know they get everybody and
and steal all their money they just go back to the castle and split it up right so that was sort
of it one of those campy meetings you know sitting around the campfire deals but i thought you'd
find it interesting it's uh i'm using it best yeah so he he's not gonna be able to make the party
tomorrow night okay all right thanks for the good news you two okay five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's hi alia hello Neil god yes sir thank you so
much for doing the great service that you always do and provide this whole whole of a place
you're welcome even though i do live in broward i think i deserve extra brownie points for that
okay now take this i know you probably don't read the hell but my mom gets you're right
okay well my mom gets it here at the house when we get it you see the front page to the
plastic what happens when it came this morning you can even see the front page i'm looking at the
back section judge or distance and the pay for the ceremony i open it up and i see
mayor penga with a distrustful look at his face um-hmm four guy not to make you squeeze yourself
in it yeah well a by the way i have a second request for those two joints because i'm gonna need them
and look like pen and this is gonna be the two okay thank you so much for your
we for everybody this weekend by the way we're taking the tolls down three weed for everybody
right have to buy your own rolling papers but nevertheless five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty in fact the ineff you that's what i hear the nephew in the sand where is sand by
the way i haven't seen him in a couple of days maybe that's why we're in such a good mood huh
yeah look under the table maybe he's under there with somebody maybe he's under there with
your night but we're gonna have them out there in the qm van henna not free rolling paper so
that when the america comes by and gives you your free a weed your free bag what's wrong with that
huh yeah sure so this time can recover lick its wounds and recover from all this device of
bullcraft that they've addicted this to here these last several weeks not all of which by the way
had to do with the penny sales tax here's a hollywood hello yes sir how you doing great um you
know it's not getting enough play that uh... you you've been you talked about a little bit and um
but the paper hasn't been given enough credit to the election being held in july
i don't know i'm brave and try to try to get the election canceled in july
try to do something about that but just that fact alone shows what kind of politicians we have
what for what reason do you need a uh... an election in july well they get you know he gives us
the bullcraft that we only had until september to uh... let the federal government uh... to show them
that we had funding in place that we get the federal matching fund they they've known about this
for months now this is something that they just discovered who really believes that i know that i
know ten ls that uh... nobody believes that what they were they were praying for real low eight or
ten percent turnout and they were praying that they can manipulate with their people that they
would bust in and just fix it with the old who leo's and the old and the black people who thought
they were going to get some jobs and that they could pay a few people off thirty bucks of vote and
they could put it over that that's the only way they could have won that's my point i think people
should realize that what kind of politicians we have that the only way that they feel they can
they they could have pulled this one over on us is by having a selection in july right and i think
what people should know this and see what kind of politicians we have in in day count i think the fact
that finally after all these years of lethargy and after the thirty percent of the people showed up in
on a hundred and forty degree day at the end of july i think that goes to show you how pissed off and
fed up these people are thirty percent really a lot well when you consider the thirty or forty percent
of the people who usually would be here out of town this time of the year anyway that's what they
were counting on so thirty percent is a lot when you consider so many people are not here okay
for a special election you bet it's gigantic all right have a great day pal
it's huge baby it's gigantic and the turnout too it's why do you ask
are
right
i hope to hear
I smoke to join the night.
I smoke to join the evening after the night.
If they feel alright.
I smoke to join the time of the two in time of war.
I smoke to join the three-four in time of the war.
I say I smoke to more.
Oh my God, he wants to meet me.
So you see how I woke him up.
But how much he wants to meet me.
So you see this, you can't.
I said one day, I'm the damn bad.
Came to me and said,
how I woke up and how I was right.
The first take care of his soul.
Now I smoke to join the night again.
Take the star and smoke to join the night.
I smoke to join the night.
I see the old game.
And then every 10,000 points I smoke to join.
I smoke to join the time of the two in time of war.
I smoke to join the four in time of the war.
And then I smoke to more.
You can hear the water.
I said one day, I'm the damn bad.
Came to me and said, how I woke up and how I woke up.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh!
Oh, great.
Oh, it's moving.
Oh, it's moving.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay, Wayne Arnold just showed up with 50,000 pounds of foods.
We're all set for the day.
Speaking of free food.
Here's a fact from James and South Beach who says,
I wanted to comment on how ridiculous all the personal attacks on Norman Braeman were regarding the sales tax.
The protest people tried to point out that Braeman was against the tax solely out of personal interest.
I just want to point out that most of Braeman's dealerships sell high-end cars, BMW, Cadillac, Rolls-Royce,
and the $50 difference in sales tax would in no way influence the people who purchase these cars.
Guess what? People had drive Rolls-Royce's. They don't drive the Metro, they don't ride the Metro fair.
Thank God, James.
And by the way, $50.
$56.70, $5.60, $5.60, we're having our big yesterday.
We had a pizza-loaf party that was for the initial ratings that came out.
Now that we got to 10 to 2 numbers which are staggering unbelievably impressive.
Yeah, good.
Exactly. Couldn't have said a better myself.
And we got the outcome of yesterday's fraudulent attempt on an election.
Now we can really have a party.
That was a wane and what's, I'm sorry, I know his name is, I thought maybe Edsel.
You know, I know I can try to remember his name by the name of a car, you know, the word association thing.
I don't know anybody named Edsel, but it's Hudson.
And you're not old enough to remember Hudson anyway, so what there isn't.
I remember the Bay.
How about Hudson's department store?
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
You want to make a job?
Yes, sir.
How are the people?
Right.
Jacksonville had more taxes on toll roads in New York and they got them all knocked off.
Someway, this is what Miami should maybe work on doing.
They didn't hit the people up with all this garbage with toll roads and additional rapid transit.
Right.
Jacksonville just recently knocked off all they told them it would be a good direction for us to go in.
I say get those damn jittneys off the road today that'll clear up all the roads and can prove traffic 40%.
Power to the people.
Okay.
Power to the people, I think is what he was saying.
That's what it sounded like.
I think he was serious.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're rolling along.
Singing a song.
Have a little free lunch here.
And why the hell not?
Look at that.
We got the sodas.
We got, we got any food though in the meantime.
I don't want to get pushy, but let's get wooded here, Joe.
I told them you knew where it was.
I know where it is.
Never having trouble fighting them yet.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Hello.
Congratulations, Neil.
Thank you.
This was a vote of the people, four of the people.
Five of the people.
These certain critics will think that this was a vote for Castro or something like that.
Should understand this is how democracy works.
Well, I think everybody understood that except for the handpicked people that they took in the buses to go vote yes.
Yes, but now it's time for something else.
It's time for some, for a four county rational proposal, a regional planning commission.
Somebody who, some people, some experts who in urban growth and transportation has sit down and prepare a rational plan for growth for this major metropolitan area.
You mean somebody that actually has some idea what it's all about and what's all about and what they do.
People who would propose something that wouldn't be crisis to create.
But some rational plan to present to the people of this metropolitan area.
Something that wouldn't be obsolete by the time we got to finish wouldn't that be different?
Neil, there's plenty of precedent for New Jersey, on New York, Northeast Indiana, Chicago, the four county LA area.
There's plenty of precedent for regional planning for a metropolitan area in which people could be presented with a rational plan which wouldn't depend on the vaguencies of some of the people that are in the state of the city.
Some strange politicians, the vaguencies.
Show people what, give people a chance to vote on something for the future of this area.
Amen. Okay. Have a great life.
5, 6, 7, 05. I could use a fork in a knife. I don't want to get pushed, you Joe, but you're like, really falling down on a job badly today.
I think we're seeing pictures of George's mom that put you over the edge.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
A knife in a fork is what I said, which there is a stuff back up there. What is wrong with this man today?
What is this?
What's the other ones in here?
Just any older one would be good.
No one?
Thanks so much. Here's J'arral. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir.
Good morning. Thanks for taking my car real quick. Thanks for making your car.
Listen, what do you mean real quick? 11 minutes and 11 seconds is real quick?
Well, yeah. I mean, I felt like it was.
Okay.
And I was enjoying these smoke to join, so.
I bet you were.
Listen, I want to congratulate you also in, you know, pushing every button to go vote about what?
A hundred and over 160,000 people voted.
Oh, yes. Right.
That's what I saw you.
230,000 people showed up all together, which is pretty damn good.
Right. That's great.
See, I listen to your show and it's not only entertaining, but I also, you know, find it as educational.
You live in Broward County and you didn't have to give a crap about what happened to our state.
But, uh...
And there were a lot of people, by the way, who thought, oh boy, he's driving away the audience.
This is really boring, and we could be talking about ball games and stupid stuff like that.
Right.
But in the meantime, you know, when you live in a place this many years, once in a while,
you try to give something back to it and make a difference.
Right.
Unlike some of the people, I don't want to mention any names, but some of the people
want to keep you in the odds on ball games that haven't been played yet.
Once in a while, you want to do something productive, there might be a little bit more stimulating.
Right. And not only you, but let's say, you know, callers also inform some of us that don't know anything about what's going on.
Like the guy that fact you the other day and explained that the pillars for the Metro will have to
only last 30 years.
And the guy that got involved back in the memories of the ones that were crumbling just after they built them.
Right. And the guy that called yesterday and said that even if no one would write it,
Metro would still have to keep working because then they'd have to return money to the other day.
The better way. Right.
Yeah. I mean, you know, very helpful. Your program is very, very helpful to all of us.
Thanks a lot, Tom.
One last thing. Did you ever find that card that you said you were going to look for that says,
no, no, no, no, something like that?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Yes, I did. Have a great day.
Thanks. You're great. Life's good.
Okay. It's Kisnell's ass day today. And why the hell not?
Okay. I'll pat myself on the back.
Here's Richard Freeman who wants to kiss my ass. How you doing, Richard?
I'm doing great, Neil.
Nice going.
Well, good for you too. You know, and you know something.
This is a little vindication after 20 years ago when they tried to smear you and give you a big son of dance
and a hero was smearin' you and you tried your best and then they rigged the election air late at night.
And all those fans and boats came in to put it over the top. Now we really showed them what it's all about.
You're correct. You're absolutely correct. I couldn't have said it better.
But I'm glad you said it.
And if only we would have had a legitimate election 20 years ago, we wouldn't have had to go through this again now.
They stole it. They stole it. It's plain and simple.
I got one for you.
Like I told Dave Slater before to watch Steer High Monitor yesterday on that I've seen in peace on 6th.
To watch that crap where he said, well, you know, if I had to do it over, if I had my druthers, whatever the hell that's supposed to mean,
I would have run it up 95 and run a leg out to the airport. They should have run him out of town and kept him out.
You know, it's too bad he came back like a bad thing.
Well, you know, I like to peace the day before where they showed me 21 years younger, which I truly enjoyed.
Better hair, I'll say that.
Well, thank you. I am definitely a hair challenge and I appreciate your remark on that as well.
I think that's what put us over the top with the hair cut.
Probably my hair cut.
Yeah. Okay, nice going Richard.
All right, listen, good.
Good for you, Neil. You did a great service and I wish to thank you for that. You really served the public.
It's on Norman. I'm going to go out and write it by a rules, Royce right now just because we appreciate what he did.
There you go.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, there you go. All it takes is just a small handful. That's what I've always said. They don't believe me.
Just a small handful of people that are, you know, going to make a difference and not just rule over for these political hacks.
God, this is so great. It makes you feel like maybe we can say goodbye to Mayor Pinger pretty soon. You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, goodbye. Good luck. Maybe he can go up with Ron Diaz.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miramar. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
On behalf of all the blacks that have a brain, I would like to say that I listened. I started listening to you about maybe six years ago.
Yes, sir.
And I felt like you were racist and didn't like black people.
And I think what it was, you know, the truth hurts. You know, these jocks that run around that are literate and can't talk.
You're right. I mean, these guys make a lot of money. They should be able to.
You know, if they can't speak from the beginning, at least go to school or do something.
And if you can't even speak, then don't beat up your women and go to jail and sell crack cocaine and do all those things.
And then try to show the kids that's the way you do it and get the, you know, everything.
Exactly. I was born and raised in Miami and over town. And I don't consider myself a black American. I consider myself a American.
Right.
And you know, you say this every day. If you go other places, you really realize that Miami is properly.
I mean, it's one of the worst places you could ever live.
And firstly, if you are black, by the way.
Exactly.
And George, he enjoyed the, you know, in the beginning, I thought you enjoyed. I'm just going to be honest with you.
In fact, I called you one time and I called you a racist and this and that. But I've been listening to you now.
And you tell it like it is. And if you like it, a lot of people don't like the truth.
And it gave me pleasure to see Pinellas on the TV last night in this morning.
Yeah. Looks like he was going to break out in the tears.
He looked like he was really hurting.
Yeah.
And I listened to you every day, man. I drive trucks. And today I'm off because I got hurt on the job.
But I just wanted, I said that I want to call you. And thank you, man, because I mean, I wish some of the blacks down in Miami would get the type attitude that I have and the type attitude that you have.
And we can make things happen.
Right.
And one other question I want to ask you, would you play that song? I know you're in Gildi as like friends.
And I know the song you used to play.
Oh, yeah. You got it.
Okay. Thank you.
I have a great day to you.
You're well.
I'm fine.
But...
Yes.
Gildi.
Gildi.
Talking on a sports show.
Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a sad thing here old girl.
A little sports show.
What else are you there for?
Gildi.
Gildi.
Talking like a baby.
Who needs a little training?
Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a fan.
People so rubber-sad that show your growth.
Gildi.
Gildi.
Gildi.
Gildi.
You're lucky management don't tell.
Don't tell me.
You don't belong there on the air.
And Gildi.
The sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your baby's dropped.
Gildi.
Gildi.
When you're gone and grow up.
You make a toy to grow up.
You silly, squeaky pooh.
Go to broad-tacking school.
Your free, stupid boy.
Thank you.
Sound like a hot pot.
You're a hot pot.
You're a hot pot.
You're a hot pot.
33-5-32-2-2.
He turns out to be the strength.
He turns out to be the pillar strength.
He need a man.
Now Puts, Barry Jackass.
Take a look at that picture.
It's got Puts written all over it.
What an article.
Which sports are John Henry and Jimmy Johnson and all these people
who are calling the talk shows.
And of course, every other word is,
every other word in here is his name.
Which means that finally somebody actually returned one of Barry's calls.
Or maybe he's got the Gackies number at home.
And he had a conversation with him.
So he's got to make a column out of it.
But my favorite part is where he says,
Dolphins receiver Lamar Thomas also calls talk shows occasionally.
Often the kid with one of the hosts.
Lamar wants to be in the media.
Says Jeff B. Fodiforest.
Last year he asked to observe our morning show for two hours at the Super Bowl.
Lamar says it's better to be in the media than in the Pokey is what he says.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pemberer Pines.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want you guys to went off at 12 30 yesterday.
I'm a speaker.
I got no accent but I'm a Julio.
You'll all go up and you want it.
And I went into the Cuban stations.
Which I'd use it on do.
Right.
So I flipped from one to the other, one to the other.
And it was like a man.
It was a great.
It was a great speech.
They had a brain in, they had a panellas, they had to come highly commission this.
And I'll tell you the truth, it was pretty entertaining.
It was like everybody was in a frenzy.
Uh-huh.
And I listened to it for a while and you know, I'm just telling you, they did something.
Yeah, they're always doing something.
They're always doing something.
They were all friends.
They were like, they were going crazy.
And then they, you know, it all came out and thank God it was no.
It all came out in the wash.
Yep.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Five, six, seven, of course.
So I think what really put it over the top was when I announced the shocking news that Fidel wanted everybody to vote yes.
Because immediately then all of a sudden the voter turnout went goosing up and people that were thinking about voting yes.
Even for $100 all immediately voted no two, three, four times.
With those erasable pencils.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the mobile and Miami Lakes.
Hello.
And I do have the button point.
So either they're dead, mobile and Miami Lakes going once long gone.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Hello.
How about if I just sit and look at the there go.
That's about to.
Okay, nice talk to you too.
Here's over town.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, thank you Neil for telling the truth.
For the last two weeks almost every day a flyer has been in the mail to say yes to this penny tax.
Yeah.
And I said no.
Excellent.
I got a couple of more friends of us together and we said no the drugs, taxes.
Right, good move.
Okay, I'm shameless request.
Yes, sir.
You're well, you're well.
You're well.
You're well.
You're well.
Yes.
Virgin Mary.
Okay, you got it.
Thank you.
Nice job, pal.
Nice job to everybody who got off their ass yesterday.
152 degrees was the human extra whatever they call that thing.
And we had people actually get off their ass sweating up the storm making the effort to go down there and walk the two or three blocks or have somebody drive them or whatever the hell it was or even you get on the metro rail.
That would have been the best.
I want to congratulate the people who wrote the metro rail to wherever their polling place is and still voted.
No.
That's the best.
I get the turgid when I just think about that.
No, him.
He does the news on Channel 7 in the morning to on turgid.
All right, this is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger.
Oh, that.
Virgin Mary.
Virgin Mary.
Virgin Mary.
Virgin Mary.
Now the post depends on you.
And the powers you pose as.
Think you saved his life.
Think you saved his life.
Virgin Mary.
Virgin Mary.
Virgin Mary.
Virgin Mary.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you fuck your dudes.
We do make the annual Chess and all three tonight's a fantastic night's show.
And the show's a great.
Virgin Mary.
Virgin Mary.
Virgin Mary.
Who's with the beat I got this sound?
And the bad guy straight to hell.
When the buildings are too low, he's only the same thing as you know.
You're searching for a son's mighty claw.
And the bad guy straight to hell.
And the bad guy straight to hell.
And the bad guy straight to hell.
Okay, 1143 at 560 W.
And now he walks out just at the point that I'm going to try to find the name of the song.
Because now he's got me going crazy.
Joe Kastel.
No, Bocabriina call.
He's listening.
Well, anybody would know the original song.
I mean, you hear these song parodies and they're, you know, they're all great.
But they're a lot greater if you know the original song.
Now every now and then we'll get one of your Bocabriina does or sometimes on satellite comedy network.
And I'll play it on here and it's funny.
But then when you hear the real song that the parody is take off on, then it's 10 times as funny.
Then you like being your pants.
But the problem being that the Gildi song.
I think Herman's hermit.
The British song.
Gildi.
Gildi.
I think you're talking on the full.
Okay, here he is.
Andy Sain.
What was the original song?
Dandy written by Ray Davies done by Herman's hermit.
Dandy, like I said, Herman's hermit.
Nice going to yellow.
Damn, come on.
What a genius.
How do you like that?
So I knew the artist and you see we wouldn't have needed him because if during that break I would have gone and got the Billboard book and just look up Herman's
Berman and then I would read the list of their hits.
And I would say that's it right there.
You had gone.
I got what a genius.
I'm not exactly a major hit.
5.670560.
0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's all request right because we're in one hell of a good mood.
We got a great lunch from Leonardo's and Hudson who drove a Hudson over here.
Oh, he did drive an Ensel.
Here's Miami Lake.
Hello.
It was so great to see the mayor on that front page of the hell up today looking like.
Yeah, with crap on his push.
I just want you to, you know, I want to give you credit for four votes because I got my wife and two other people to go down a vote.
The original thought was why even vote because who knows what's going to happen with this guy?
He says he's going to go against the arena.
He gets it and then he switches.
But my personal vote was a no four and screw it up with the arena.
I think that's the me that a lot of the people in the media are missing that point.
This isn't a no on the transit and corrupt politicians.
This was a no on him specifically.
Absolutely.
And Hank's friend, Rowell Martinez, was very big in the Hialeah community.
Right.
Pulling the no votes.
One of my favorite people at Rowell.
Yeah.
Is he going to be on Hank's show?
I think this afternoon.
Okay.
Okay.
They're going to have Gary Sarner and Lee Cutler, Hank and Rowell Martinez.
They're going to be on celebrity death match this weekend.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
In fact, some of the people in Hialeah are high-fiving each other right now.
Some of them are either eating Rowell or so excited about it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
What a thought that is.
Yes, sir.
How are you now?
Great.
I am.
It was a great day.
I want to tell you yesterday about the statistic that Mary Therhart was on TV, remember?
No.
I want to ask you, did you see this speech of the seat last night from that little weasel?
Yes, I saw some clips from it.
Did you think that?
Isn't it great that it was a great show of democracy and even in the heat of the summer and the end of July?
All these people came out.
And the back of his mind he's thinking.
Yeah, damn it.
They all showed up.
Yeah, but you know, he was sort of condescending.
I mean, he was saying, if I'm not mistaken, the way I took it was we had an opportunity to bring this community into the 20th century, make this the first class city.
No, World Class.
You want to go ahead and get it.
Yeah, World Class Transportation System.
They keep using that term, World Class.
The only thing we got here is World Class Crime and World Class Repoliticians and World Class Fish Delections.
That's the World Class thing we got here.
Absolutely right.
You know, it was really sick me to see that he couldn't even take the seat with a little bit of character.
He's finished. He's done now.
I sure hope that whoever runs against him in the future somehow saved that film.
Because basically what he was saying was, you're all a bunch of morons who didn't have the insight to go into the future.
And you know what?
He's wrong because no one's going to ride the darn thing.
No one's ridden it for 20 years.
Yeah.
It goes by my office every day totally empty.
Seven cars coming.
Seven cars going.
With five or six people.
Let's just get limos for everybody.
Okay, pal.
Thank you.
Let's go on.
Yeah, goodbye, Alex.
Goodbye, Alex.
Penny, Penny, I wouldn't be surprised we get a parody on that one of these days very, very soon.
Goodbye, Alex.
Pinga.
I can just see it now.
I can hear it.
I can hear Brian doing it.
And the song too.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
As they tried to slip you the Mickey.
As they say at the American Airlines arena.
They tried to slip you the Mickey one more time.
And everybody said in fact they said no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Why they don't want any part of me now they hate me over you of them and the feeling is mutual they can suck away, you know?
They can't hate you the more we love you.
Okay, have a great day pal.
Have a good new phone.
Great lunch today Wayne and Hudson from Wayne Arles Royal Castle on the quen of 125th and the 441 in North Day.
Well, in one Royal Castle left and thank God it's like clinging to the past clinging to just a little tiny piece of the past.
And what's wrong with clinging to a little tiny piece?
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
And you'll have a great.
What I like to say to Alex Penelope is that truth from the law.
Well, you say the trooper cover is good to get you something like that.
5667 0560.560 on the AT&T line.
We're number one in Hispanic men 25 to 54 between 10 and 2 with an 8.5 share.
So it goes to show you okay.
They made me sign it out there, but they're probably did leave each other maybe themselves, but they're listening.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm sure you do 5 6 7 0 5 60.
It's getting a little on the slim side now.
They're getting a little tired of kissing my ass.
It's starting to get a little on the red side.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
It's okay. We'll make it.
Here's Miami. Hello.
And you know how you do it.
Pretty good sir.
About Penelope.
I voted for him by accident.
But next time I will have a sign on you as one saying.
Something about the Kestronians blocking traffic and he was all for.
Oh yeah.
And I was I was I was I was I'm the sure if I have to get everybody to look and realize.
Please do not vote for this guy again.
So I'm really glad that he got shot in the face with this thing.
I think Rell and Martinez is the one that's going to take him on.
That's your one that I'm hearing.
Yeah. I'm telling you.
Thank you Neil for everything you did.
Okay.
I mean Rell and Martinez of course we know he's an asshole.
But nevertheless I mean it's all relative.
You know he's a great guy compared to the sky we got in there.
And when they were and when they were blocking the streets there was Rell out there beating the crap out of those guys.
They were blocking the streets because they wouldn't get the hell home.
And he had the ball three one of the few politicians that didn't jump on the mayor fingers bandwagon.
So maybe we can get Rell and the Hank to kiss and make up.
You know go over there to hire Liam maybe hang get a couple of tips.
Or he can have a Gary Sarner and Lee Cutler come and beat the crap out of Rell and Martinez and then kind of like even it all up.
Then we'll start all over again from scratch. We'll scratch it together.
That's what I think. That's my prediction.
Just write it down on your calendar July 30th 1999.
Rell and Martinez will never still afraid to be in but just about anything else you can think of he did.
But nevertheless that's the next guy you're going to have to deal with.
Or we can bring back wacky Xavier.
Here's the call from the keys. Hello.
Hey Neil how you doing pretty good sir you think now maybe we can get more than one basket open in a toll plaza with 15 of them.
Yeah I think you're going to see an amazing turn around all of a sudden.
Yeah all of a sudden people are going to come back to work that greasy little prick.
Right.
But that's all I have to say my phone's about to die and I just hope to God at some day we can get through the turn bike without taking half a lifetime.
Okay.
Go Neil.
See ya.
Look at that just when that beat came when his phone died that was excellent timing sir good talk up.
5 6 7 wasn't it that song Randy Randy yeah I think that's what the name of the song was Brian get with it.
Herman's Burman what was his name Peter noon almost is noon.
Totally all these things kind of weave in together I'm in co-heard I don't know what I'm talking about maybe it's all these white hats.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18th line sounds like I'm flooring a little bit because I got food in my mouth shame on you.
Well hey now we can go back to being our ordinary slabs and don't have to put on this whole political song and that we got it done.
That's all I can say and George says I'm the one I got it done and I say okay I'll take care of everybody else by the way.
Everybody else says if a warrant for Neil Rogers getting all these people off their ass they would have had their 10% turn out and that's the reason this thing got a wild piece today and I'll say okay I'll take credit.
Small bills would be okay in fact I'll tell you what all the money that they would have gone I wouldn't even I wouldn't even charge all the money that would have spent the penny sales tax.
I'll take a half a penny just for six months thank you.
Here's Margate hello.
Hi Neil how are you today?
Pretty good sir.
Yeah I'm a new listener to your show a friend of mine introduced me to your show about two weeks ago.
Right and I enjoy your show immensely and one of the bits I remember hearing was one called Selfa King and it ever since then I've been stuck on your station I love your show.
Right and you're probably even shopping at the Selfa King.
That's right I mean I got to get a recliner.
And keep up the good work and you got a new listener here and either Neil.
All right all right thanks a lot pal.
You got everything I'll see you at the sofa King five six seven oh five sixty pound of five sixty on the 18th the wireless line finally I've been here a hundred years and finally something good happened.
Finally.
And the best part of the whole deal it was a negative vote it took a no vote to make something good happened.
That goes to show you how many problems we got but in spite of that we just keep coming in banging away and banging away I just keep getting off those planes coming back here wondering why am I doing it but nevertheless.
Maybe we're starting to turn the corner maybe yesterday I know this sounds very corny and very naive but maybe just a little teeny tiny chance maybe yesterday was the day this town finally turned the corner and most of the people the overwhelming majority said we're not going to be led around by the nose anymore.
We're not going to just do everything based on your last name are you Cuban are you Puerto Rican are you Jewish are you this nobody gives a crap about anymore the question is does it make any sense and are we going to do something that the workforce and makes life better that's the question.
Not the who's your mama.
Here's a mobile in Miami hello.
Yeah, what a sad day for Miami I still got to ride a bus and got no cut fat.
I mean that's the rich.
I just support you know because they have all the people I voted know you.
Okay Corvette.
So I tell you must be a lot of corvettes out of the highway.
A full gaff more of a town man wake up and smell the roses brother.
Man up you don't have the time man.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway right.
Okay get a bicycle okay.
Go get a bike and get a brain too while you're at it.
Oh yeah he's all right by the way the guy that called me about Amsterdam a couple of days ago I forgot to mention this.
How many people have cars in Amsterdam about seven.
See if you've ever been there you know that the dam rack and broken there's about maybe a half a dozen like wide streets where there's really any amount of auto traffic.
And even on those streets they got the trams like you know running down the up and down the street.
So it's not a driving town.
It's a walking town and a bicycle town and a tram kind of a town.
But the streets most of them are so narrow they're like one way and it's very often you'll see either a car stop they're making deliveries and people wait ten minutes while that guy stops making his deliveries because there's no way to get around them.
Or sometimes you'll see people go in one direction and the other guys come along the other way two cars facing each other and the one has to back up.
Then there's no car traffic there.
Step them the highways out of town.
And this guy's giving me a song and dance because you've been to Amsterdam so many times I got this great man transportation.
Of course they do because it's been that way for about 50 years for crying out loud.
But and it's a walking place and a bicycle place.
So this guy at over town get to a bicycle okay.
Cross the other one.
Listen to me this is stand by and sneak a sofa king and it's then where everything is helped at a high sofa king's standards.
The selection isn't just huge it's so fucking huge.
Believe me you'll never shop anywhere else and sofa king's prices aren't just low.
They're so fucking low you'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me when I say sofa king as a beautiful score I mean sofa king beautiful.
And I get a step as helpful I mean so fucking helpful listen to me get to know the sofa king and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge.
A step that's so fucking courteous and prices that are so fucking low you'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me take it from satisfied just to my Frank and Stein.
So fucking good you said Frankie so fucking good.
Provo to it 560 WQM it's a great Friday a great day for the Irish the Joyce to go in the e-log everybody else the Cubans the Schwarzer's the you feel in the blind the Colombians.
560 705 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line here's a mobile in Miami hello.
Hey good morning. Yes sir you wouldn't believe the number of people I spoke yesterday before the vote that thought the entire pole system in date county was going to be removed.
Really? Yeah they thought the term pike and everything was involved. So they went in right away and voted no.
You want to see as they found out? Yeah as soon as we said I'm straight.
But let me ask you a question Neil did you ever hear the the story as to when the penny increase or the 1% increase would have gone into effect.
No well the only thing I heard was that the toll roads would come down the beginning of January in other words they're going to leave them up for another six months.
But I bet you a dollar to a donut the toll of the what the increase would have gone into effect what next week.
Yeah we're going to go up to 20 bucks each way. Yeah incredible good show Neil.
Okay thanks. 560 560 560 on the mobile one line as the old tire downtown establishment structure comes crumbling out.
That's the best news and the Harold by the way stick it where the moon don't shine.
Oh my god. Yeah stick it in there deep and twist as hard as you can.
Stick it up where you are. All you phony fakers Tom Fieler and you grave robbers at the Harold Carl Kiasson.
And there's the only good guy over there him and Bob Rubin and Bob Rubin is disappeared basically from the face of the earth because they found out he's Jewish and Howard Kleinberg too by the way.
Fight no not just that he's Jewish they wrote a good column 5 670 560.560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Cutler Ridge hello. Hello Neil yes sir hello Neil.
Yes I'm a hooli of color Ridge and I voted no no no no no.
Exactly and I would like to thank you for your last two days of campaigning for vote number 71 right and I have a suggestion for you.
How about you running against me or ping a next. Oh yeah right.
Hey Neil can I call someone a big enough graph to match my salary yes sir.
Hey Mario you're a douchebag. All right good job pal 560 560.560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil I'll wear you. Great.
Let's congratulate ourselves for doing such a great job here. All right yeah and you're you're reading too much into the the guy the mayor from Hylia.
Raul because he wasn't getting greased that's why he opposed it.
Oh is he wasn't getting the peace. He wasn't getting a peace of the pie it was going around Hylia. I'm not going to wait.
Yeah but can you imagine as mayor of Dave County all the action he could get.
Well. Hi Hylia small potatoes. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah you got a point there. Okay all right have a good one.
Yeah 560 560 560 on a mobile one line Hank Goldberg showed two o'clock Donnie be at six o'clock pregame show at 630.
Marlins at Pittsburgh seven o'clock tonight. The Marlins who lost 12 to one of the Philadelphia Phillies right here on their station in prime time yesterday afternoon and got a we embarrassed about that.
There's only one thing we're more embarrassed about than the Marlins game yesterday you know who that is.
Oh God and the rumor is he's in here meeting with bluff. That's the rumor I just heard.
Can you believe that because they already hired a really outstanding guy to do the you have a play by play.
God from Massachusetts going to do the play by play and now I guess Josie is going to do the color commentary anybody believe that.
I'm going to see more on Josie and color commentary.
Here's Miami hello. Hello yes. I want to congratulate you because you are the one that have the guts to speak up always for what is right.
You see the county the more money they get the more they still and waste. You see money comes easy go easy come easy go.
Thank you much. I'll be there to five six out of five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line we got two three hundred openings here on the board and we got an hour and 54 minutes to kill the whose county.
Here's Miami hello. Yes sir happy fast from Liberty City all right. No good job. Okay and of course you know my congratulations to you job will done.
I just want to say one thing for these thin skin people you know I need to refer to our Cuban Americans as Julio's that love this fast.
It's entertainment people get a grill that's right get a grill anyway I have so much pleasure looking at the person on the up thing.
I was the small thing before I even read the headlines first thing that that of it in the face with that sour push on you.
Good job. Thank you sir God bless you. Yeah that look on his push it told it all how I like what hit me huh didn't know what happened all those people actually came out and did vote and no try to con us that you're so proud of this exercise in democracy that people really showed up.
I'm actually they kept getting the results through the day time and found out that always going to be 20 that it was going to be 25 and then it was going to be close to 30% they were all going.
What happened here this ain't good and anytime you plan to win an election based on a minimal turn out that's got to tell you that you're trying to put one over on a public and that right there shows you for what you are mayor Penga.
Fony. Fony baloney. Little puppet. I want to remind you I'm going to cut that out of the paper that one little paragraph there you right there in the herald his good allies the hero this morning he stakes his political career on his one issue.
Well guess what they drove a stake right through your heart. Just like Bellalagosi they drove the stake through his heart won't see him no more. Your political career is finito put the brakes on it baby you ain't going nowhere.
You phony little lying twerp you and say hi to Mickey by the way next time you wake up in the morning and roll over.
Here's a mobile in Miami hello. Nio yes sir. Hey how you doing okay 19 year old Julio.
I don't know. All right moving away the game. I don't want my friends to do that crap so I just want to congratulate you on your book as well and thanks for influencing everyone around here.
All right and one more thing congratulations right on your first time job. Okay. Okay watch out for that theater me sweetheart.
Oh that's what we got to play is that in here by the way. Oh god that but it's not in here I'll find it how much for a.
Job 5 6 705 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line here on a great Friday one of the great days in history this community like I said too bad ahead because of negative kind of a thing but tough crap we'll take it anyway anyway we can get it.
Friday you best. How much for a kiss how much for a kiss could again for a nickel could again for a quarter because for money then I'll miss.
How much for a how much for a good get a 4. A nickel could I get a 4. A.
No because more money than I've got how much for a quick. How much for a quick.
Feel could I get a 4. A. A. Could I get a 4. A. 4. A.
Could I touch a 4. A. 4. A. What it had to remind me. I got no money to spend.
What hope you be my friend. A. A. A. Time could take us far. If you'll please get in my car and I'll say to you.
How much for a job how much for a job could again for a nickel could I get a 4. A.
4. A. A. 4. A. A. 14 at 5 60 WQM so George was just telling me that Mark van Damier was the new U of N.
I'm going to play by play voice from University of Massachusetts is a great guy. I'll report. Sorry. He does a great job. Best of luck Mark.
Oh, he had the days of good guy. He's in the dust office and duck brings in Joseph Gackie. Now let's open a mic that we got in the dust office to hear what happened to Mark.
30 seconds with Joe is all it's good. Mark is in a coma. Mark wake up that first game is net far away.
Oh, God. The coma inducer. You know what I'm talking about. Joe is a guy. Right. 5 6 7 0 5 5 60.
5 60 on a mobile one line. Come on. Let's hear it. Joe is a guy. He sucks. Joe is a guy. He sucks. Joe is a guy. He sucks.
Okay. Here's Weston. Hello. Hey, how you doing? They're pretty good. Right. Delay. It's on your fight. It was a great fight.
One the fight, baby. Even Jerry Sarner never tougher fight than this. But you know, also I think Paul Castinova will get a little credit too. Yeah. Yeah. He was really in their hammer and it was really in their hammer in their way.
Kissing the mayor's ass, right? Well, don't you think so? Well, I think what? Don't you think you deserve a little credit? No, I don't. Everybody told me he kissed the mayor of pink. The ass is what I heard.
No, he wasn't kissing the ass. He was ripping them through. That's not what I heard. We had 50. We had 50 spy reports on it. I give credit where credit is due. If I'm wrong, we'll find out. I had 2000 spy reports saying that Paul kissed his butt.
Oh, I didn't hear that. That's what I heard. We'll find out. We'll find out. Congratulations to you though. Thank you. Yeah. I'm willing to share a little bit of the credit. I mean, why the hell not? He steals everything else I got. So why the hell not?
But let's find out. Let's get them. Zeta spy reports and hear the story behind a story. Can't see if Casternow balls actually did do the right thing because that's not what I heard. I heard that.
Fully sucked the mayor's. I heard that Paul Casternow was sucked. I don't know. Money are there. And gave him the opportunity and then tried to was silence tried to quell the opposition. We'll find out.
I think this guy must be relative. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Now. Yes. Listen. I wish you think the Miami Herald editorial staff is now going to move out of date County. Oh God. We can only pray that we're going to come third world nation down here. Isn't that something that I wish you could read the editorial again from Tuesday. I'm sure you don't have it. I still have it.
I just have a bunch of crap. So I guess they're all going to leave now and Miami's just going to wither on the vine. The economy declines the business climate deteriorates the tax base withers poverty worsens and parts of this once vibrant community take on the look and feel of a third world backwater. I do like that.
I guess I better close my business up boarded up right now. And what are they going to say now by the way? Now I noticed this morning there was no editorial and of course they can always say, well, you know, that part of the paper goes to bed before the election results were in. What are they going to say tomorrow morning in the editorial? They might as well close up shop. Yeah, that's right. Okay. Things are looking good out there in Silicon Valley. Have a great day pal.
Fakers, grave robbers, everybody hates the hero. That's one thing. You know, there's some people like Mayor Pingo, some people like Rolmar, Tinas, everybody's got a few people. Even what's his name?
There's a guy who has a couple people that like him. But the hero does anybody like the hero? No, even a people that want their hate the hero. That's the best part of it.
That's like when we worked for a taxi, you know, we'll take the money. Thank you, but we can't stand the management and most of those other people we hit him like poison.
Who's the one that was doing that log every day? Oh, you were. That's right. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. There's a lesson for all you young people out there. Okay. You'll never take the job of a militant minority. Let me just tell you that right now because she'll beat you over the head with her thing.
Here's Miami. Hello. Don't give me any lip service. Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Congratulations. Quite effort. Yes, it was. These people are horrible. Did you? You didn't read that they didn't have an editorial today about the about the election. The hero? Yeah. And listen to listen to them. Where the hell is that? I don't have it. It's a thing. It's stuck in traffic with no vote. This is what they said. As with marital insidality, public trust once lost is difficult to reach.
The game. The vote, however, creates this riddle. How can a president administration regain public trust if it is not given the chance? Really? It's unbelievable. It's only a riddle for the hero, which is intellectually challenged by the riddle of how much is one and one. I mean, they have often had many, many chances. One of which was like the recent vote on the son of Bill contract. That must be the data. That's not an editorial page. Yeah. It says. I don't Friday, July 30. You know, I don't have that. I have the good guy score about drugs in the sonat. I got losing the. So evidently, that's only the day. The day. I'm going to be able to get a little bit more. I'm going to be able to get a little bit more. I'm going to be able to get a little bit more. I'm going to be able to get a little bit more. I'm going to be able to get a little bit more. I'm
going to be able to get a little bit more. However, as I say, people from various countries think that we've made our rights and we've made it clear to you. Don't worry. The fake reason that would be gone. I'm going to be able to take advantage of that one. Let's get employed. I'm going to be
ready to say there have been months and months and months of
that the one thing that is election also permit maybe the people of the
hero would like to pick up the deficit on the current mentor rail every
year so the rest of the taxpayers and they don't have to put the bill from
eric deerheim and all in the morey's for a and all the crap they start to
stuff out of people's roads
well they're just trying to appreciate themselves will what they perceive
as the power structure
yeah too bad
but the but the thing is that that what this election also shows is that the
editorial board
is totally irrelevant to this community nobody gives it them what they think
oh no are you saw much impact they had with us hysterical and the
twirls of theirs will all be a must think they tried to they had no
cloud anymore i know but they didn't address that issue they said about how
this is a no vote of confidence for the administration but they also they
didn't say how to know vote for the people who are on the editorial board of
the herald with all the respect that don is slipping you know what i'm saying
hey you don't have that cloud anymore have a great day pal thanks
let's say we hate the hero
stand the hero
buys the hero sounds real good makes me feel good i get goosey when i say that
in fact i'm gonna go home and take a
right on the hero today i'm saving it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
did we get any cash turnover spy report no huh one hell not we got a big
crossover between us and they did only have a must there must be two or three
people out there
that like an onlook for breakfast
here's a mobile in hollywood hello hello yes sir yes i've been listening to you
since you have raised a place on your desk at the end of us right but i just want
to know uh... how come we're not talking about voter for it today
meaning what meaning that uh... obviously it doesn't work
yeah we finally had an election right it wasn't close enough they could do it
that's why i want to ask okay we don't talk about that now today okay that
that's right we don't talk about it because we had more than ten people vote
when you only got a very tiny percentage which is what they want then it's
real easy oh we'll get a couple over here we'll get a couple of dead people from
over there we'll get better than is out of jail for two or three hours
hill a manipulate little over here too bad not even close you lose
oh yeah the petal and voter so in other words the hero does more what they're
really saying and that editor early i just read the wishes there more in bed
with the power structure and with mayor ping and all these other grave robbers in
mirrovers and the rest of you people can basically stuff it up your ass okay
like you just uh... you know if our feeling revenge and what are you going to do
now because the sky is falling what an arrogant disgusting obnoxious
attitude as usual congratulations to our friends at the
arrow if nothing else at least you're consistent
and how does a guy like Carl hyzen look in the mirror and have any
self respect knowing that he works for a ragged like that
good thing he's making all that money writing those books about alligators
here's a mobile in four-letter days hello yes sir great job yes it was
listen i listen to cashier oboe and they were upset today you can hear their
voices about the no vote who
cashier oboe oh really oh yeah you can hear your voice if they were upset about
hmm they want to get passed okay great five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the mobile one line he probably did
maybe his daughter wrote that here's a mobile in Hollywood hello
hello yes sir yeah now yes uh... what wrote that oh oh shivney uh... great push for
no man did a good job did a good job uh... who is the bit on uh...
okay who is that boy
okay through my house
you michael's uh... i would he was there for about ten minutes at i would be
that food cake
yeah yeah yeah i remember that uh... wife and i were driving back from my
biggest uh... last week we came through i think it was saying
Lewis and we had a little argument because we ran across uh...
christvaker uh... doing a thing you know up there and
interstate load can city something like that
and uh... she said not was him i said yeah was him
he's out there somewhere i think all the hard someplace like that link in the
brats maybe yeah maybe all the hall maybe you know he's putting on a stick like
he's real cool knows all this neat stuff but when i had the word here in that
bit okay i thought that was him but obviously it wasn't always the famous
two michael's who also said
who also said another break already
he
thanks a lot of the okay i agree with it when you just great by five
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
so christvaker still on the animal it goes to show you what kind of a business
this is i'll tell you when that sit down comedy
remember his line oh my god here's a mobile and cutler rage hello
male yes sir he uh... park that you know the
licked his ass uh... that's what i heard your buddy
freedom called in the guy that um... was going against the tab
yeah they wouldn't even put him on he said we have a lawsuit we can't talk to him
they wouldn't even put him on the air they said somebody called and they said
that they had a lawsuit they couldn't put him on the air well let me actually
and he had a lawsuit all right saying that he was uh... you know to get the uh...
because he said the wording was incorrect but if that's the case then how come
it was okay for the mayor to debate normand bramon on uh... no spigging lace
radio i can i can i can i can he called paul show
you know that he even put him on they wouldn't even take his call that we had a
lot of reports on that uh... uh... last few days so this kind of this guy was
i don't know if that guy called a call then it said that he was ripped off and he
was out he must have had a bad ball of it okay thanks for the good news
all right just a butt sucker is all your paul okay that's all you are all you
ever will be but keep doing that great show with those seventy-year-old people
working every in the morning five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the mobile one-line see if he had the bird on that show
oh my god your breath so beautiful
tell me that you love my eyes
yes
i know that you keep on checking my eyes
uh-huh
i can't blame you because i'm so rich here
check out my breath they're poking on my foot that he gave
oh
he's come onto me and there's the things in my ears
and it sounds so odd
but if you wanna take me to the store
that thing's about me I don't think you know
i'm on the way
all right
seventy you should forget me
because you could go to jail if you see me
if i breathe you let it out friends and me
she was twenty five but she's just a thief
no biggie
i've been my last
i've been
that is called a conflict
my name
i've got a perfect name
because i'll have to tell me
no
my girl
which one
my birthday
what
welcome
my show
show
the
rich
show
you
don't
you should be
yeah
yeah
holding stars
and
meters
and
sign
and
sign
what
does
sign
she's looking
my
body
she's just
five
but she's just
a thief
1232
and 560
wqm
so time green show as usual was great on mtv last night
the only depressing part is that George had me all
whipped up about that undressed show
that come
no you were looking forward to it
you thought it was going to be great
yeah
at 11 o'clock
and it turned out to be
a half hour
in fact i could only last about 22 minutes
and i said goodbye i'm going to bed
of uh... make believe sexual tension
all the one girl did pinch her nipple there
and it was like pg 14 so as soon as you saw that at the beginning
or what what do they call it on tv
then we'll call it pg it's like uh... something 14
so you know what are they going to show you know
besides maybe a couple of breasts
pretty weak
pretty weak is what i would say but the head can't all be time green
we got the six hundred open lines here in our twenty seven minutes to go
until i think we'll be sure five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one one i would be surprised to thank as
Joseph Yankee on today
for a couple of hours
so don't forget it's never too early to start with the no-dose and i'm talking
about uh... wow
man that should be a ratings booster
here's my me be chill out
hey niel yes sir congratulations
thank you i saw my house yesterday but yeah not before i got
to vote and i was really had a laugh at the way the ball that was written
uh... you know
shall mind me day to all these wonderful things for you well
like i said i had a member was one easy word
no
that's right
that's right even the idiots could do
i'm looking for my father's death certificate i was going to have info too but
that uh... that could be what i think it is we didn't need to read
hey nia listen i don't know for we get your station up we're moving up to
flying the county and i don't know if we get you up there but no
if not listen has been wonderful years listening to you and uh...
the part of the whole song happiness is my amy dating a review mirror
alright good luck pal take care okay there's another guy bailing out there
all bailing out
and more power to them
growing a place is where they might be living in breeding people flag her
county now what what is flag her county where was that
i know what's up north but i mean is that near any place like civilized
no he'll be back
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here on a
tremendous Friday you can feel a tingling in your toes
it's either because of those election results or because
just a guy is in the building
here's an aventura hello
hello yes sir how you doing great
i have a question for you
uh... i totally agreed with voting no one that issue yesterday because there's
no way i trust this people
but let me ask a question yeah do you think if this city had a well thought out
like plan a train plan where you would actually take a train let's say from uh
broward or avid tour sure down to my end right and it would take it to the place
you need to go like the gables or the girl for some feature down like real
place not just downtown for the miles there
do you think that would be beneficial to the city it might be but it but even then
it all depends when you say what it take it to the gables there just as an example
what where do you what do you do then we do you like that this is like the business district in
the gables yeah all the law offices are in like the financial district right
yeah yeah if it went to the right parts where the business areas and where the heavy
population is yeah but like they put it out with the steerheim pcs to the nnbc
they when they built the original part of the metro rail they built it all where there was no
population growth and nobody goes yeah because i mean i go to u m and traffic down in south
Miami can goes off or towards that that's that dixie highway thing yeah but do you ever think
we will see because i think in the in the long term we will need a mass transit system that'll
help out to like you know take take the focus away from car traffic yeah eventually people might
get sick and tired and i think i think if there was a real train a real you know like a real city not
like this bunch of thieves they just take everything and put into their pocket i was just wondering if
you ever think we'll see that uh i don't think i'll be around to see it all right you know thanks
all of them and you do a great job they had their chance to get it started 20 years ago as
the treatment pointed out and if they would have started back then then it would have been fine
Emirates Deerheim would have had his rearview mirror straightened out and run it up the old i95
and out to the airport and so on then all you got to do is you make a leg over here you make a leg
to the gables downtown whatever this guy's talking about it would have been easy but no what they
did was spend as it turns out now over two billion dollars they've wasted on a train to nowhere
a flop but will overcome because quite frankly you see the problem with a lot of these people down here
is they're very parochial oh my god it's so bad here these people have never driven in heavy traffic
in LA and Chicago into New York god forbid so they have no idea what traffic is really all about
yeah there's heavy traffic here especially during drive time but it's not the end of the world
world ain't coming to an end to an end five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
mobile one line it just that they wanted to have a whole bunch of money that they and their friends
can play with here you go let's see what we can do with this here's a mobile in Oakland park hello
Neil yes sir
right right i want you're gonna try to uh put a halt on the new uh baseball stadium also
we're not gonna try to put a hold on it oh oh well what do you think i'll see what do you mean by
that how am i gonna are we gonna have an election out of you think i don't know you seem to have
a pretty good input on yeah uh i'll tell you one thing since he since he's so gun hold about
building inbroward if they want to impose taxes on the people in broward you bet your ass all
do whatever i can just got caught by a damn bridge here i'd like to give her to these dancing too right
okay good luck graduation okay thanks thanks a lot yeah if if john henry who uh and of course it's
interesting that this podwacker Barry jackass he talks to all the people that uh you don't want to talk
to like john henry and of course jay's a guy yeah him too
and about mc yearris and how personable he is and this one never stole a freight train you know
something very it's no wonder that you only talk to the losers even Greg read don't want to talk
to anymore and that's really saying a lot when a personable gregarious outgoing guy like
Greg read finally says to you Barry you had it because you can kiss john henry's ass all you want
the fact is that the guy is a billionaire and there is no way no way in hell
that the taxpayers of broward county are gonna spend one dime of their tax money to subsidize
and build a play toy for a billionaire again already did it once that was with money you know from
the tourist allegedly most of it for paulty but they're not gonna get blackmailed again you know
and like i said before if the panties were left okay i'd have missed out would have been
upsetting a little bit but life would have gone on i'd survive and the same with the marlins we'll
pack them a goddamn submarine sandwich okay goodbye we survived without you we'll see you here's
a guy again another liar he said you know when he bought the team okay well he'll if he has to
he'll put the money up himself to build a stadium okay great go ahead we wish y'all a luck in the
world plan me get it suck yeah baby baby yeah baby baby baby baby baby I guess you're supposed to know
I'm gonna shag you rotten yeah baby baby I'm swinging the luck you know hope you're not a
thin box yeah pony is that what i make you who will tell me baby because i need to know now because
that's our evil watch you kill me with my little friend mini me yeah but i still think it's not
16.69 boy can't carry fine yeah baby hey go home baby it's shagging dog okay 12.44.560 WQM 5.6705 60 we got
16 hundred open lines an hour and a quarter to go let's get with it okay let's go
let's go on it's Kiss Niels ass day well i'm telling you i'm gonna have to go home and get the
older K.Y.O. or what is it not K.W. that's a bad choice when that a real bad choice that was
like a self-directed inflating kind of a comment a self-legelating comment well i'm telling it
they're kissing me on both cheeks because they said you done it baby and you know what i'll
fail take credit i done it here's Miami hello you know yes sir okay i wanted to respond to a
call you out of about two colors ago uh-huh he's a total moron no one this is a driving city a
shopping mall city no one will ever take a metro rail or any kind of bus here but well that's
why i said them were when you get off where do you go okay take your combrower to date and then
what do you do even if you go right to the heart of Miami right no one's gonna take that as any kind
of money you look at you're gonna go in your car your AC car you don't want to be in a bus full of
shots is everyone else yeah you want to be in your own car well how about if we have covered
buses for starters well we ended up a 30 years drive that already has been working yeah so uh
you know it's not going back up to the front again yeah he's not getting a good education at
you and because he's a total moron no but what do you expect he's going to you and what do you
expect man i don't know he's an idiot i can't believe he would say such an ass and i come and like
that truth and packaging it's another easy who you know what do you expect from who you know
okay great daybell hurricane you know we know that hey they're good for something anyway i guess
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
here's north Miami hello hey hi and you know congratulations thank you on a great job i
i can't put my subscription to Harold over two years ago they've fallen uh trying to get
you know here's another thing they write this morning in the paper of course all thoughts of
creating the kind of mass transit system that other world class city world class yeah take for
grand art for ever i don't know what the laugh or cry when i read these jokles down here keep
referring to this as a world class city i've been all over the world and this is such an
unworld class it ain't close it's a joke oh it seconds me they thank you got a lot of people all
jammed into one part of the world that makes it world class yeah i guess calcutta's world class
too yeah rich american cafe yeah it's unreal now these uh want a two cent gas tax uh we
ought to vote on that also that'll only generate about a pittance compared to the sales tax they said
you know but it's still my finance a couple of buses yeah that paper does this community such
it's the service it's disgusting yeah i can't even wrap fish in and keep and keep in mind that
they all move out to california and they're busy dictating us what we have to be doing here right
from sitting out in a real city they can tell these uh ulios uh you know what's best for them
it's just keep in mind even the hulios yesterday have a big fat no so they're catching on
they're literally talking to wake up right thank you have a great weekend pal five six seven we've
got two lines left at a more than hour and 12 minutes to go here it's getting really really grim and slim
you know i only have a marlin game today or something like that come on let's put one on let's play
the tape from yesterday's game you want to especially where Alex area said the three run homer for
the police nice going air guys i know that was before john henry's time five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in bokeh hello mobile in bokeh
yeah i kneel yes sir i want to buy a uh projection tv and i'm used to uh xpr what did you buy
that you don't like and did anything you did like no no i didn't buy i see i thought i didn't like it
this ultra-visionless attachee but i do like it i had to set it up and adjust it and watch it for
a few days i like it better than the xpr you do yeah and is that the uh high death ready tv no
it's not no okay and the price was a lot less than the xpr not that i was shopping for a price but
i'm just telling you it's uh i think it's great all right thank you awesome picture okay good luck
pal okay sixteen open line sixteen hundred open lines five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a mobile one line we'll never gonna make it today just when i thought just when i came
and you see we're right back to where we were before we had a couple of days we had him whipped up
there about this stupid election and now we're right back to where we were yeah maybe that's because
it was a guide was in the building maybe that's a rubbed off on the transmitter of course it makes
you kind of wonder about this latest development that we just saw here now you know it's uh maybe there's
uh you know some decisions still not been made yet which we got our fingers and legs crossed
five six seven oh five sixty let me just sit here give the number it'll two o'clock that'll kill
some real good time pound five sixty it's a free call we pay for it on a mobile one line the
beesleaves pay for it so what's your excuse here's Florida city hello a meal yes sir
and what do you think about Barry Sanders you think it's time to retire
pal let me just tell you this if you played for a crap team like he did all those years and took
all the punishment they need to quite a hell not he ain't gonna miss any meals
you don't think you don't think so no i don't think so he ain't gonna miss any meals
five six seven of course i really don't think about Barry Sanders when you come right down to
I noticed some very emotional articles about that dandelion bastard oh what a terrible way to go
out you know something i got news for a dandelion bastard Barry Sanders has got more clans in his
little finger than you got in your whole putrid body just because you wrote a couple of columns
that finally made sense after all these years don't start getting a high-end mighty with the
rest of us and then of course Michael Mayo who just goes the opposite extreme oh please say it
isn't so Barry please reconsider like how the hell is Barry Sanders gonna change our lives
who plays in the threat for a horseball team how the hell is he gonna change our lives not coming
back and playing one more year or whatever got are you a silly person Michael these sports the sports
people are the silly people don't forget that okay yeah the sports people
I was silly people and I want to apologize to all you golfing fans out there because you people are
hidden shoulders above the football people because i never saw anybody in a golf tournament had
their face painted you know what i'm saying did you no i never saw anybody in a golf tournament
where one of those stupid shirts you know one of those stupid outfits with a jersey looking like a
guy named clown on a circus without the red rubber nose I mean let's get serious I like to watch
a little bit of football not nearly as much as i used it because it's watered down there's so
many bad games if you have to you have to on a Sunday thank god i got the package on a small dish
you have to go through like 7,500 games before you finally get one that might be competitive and
might be entertaining and close and between two teams that really exist instead of all these fans
that that's the price you pay for greed and expansion all sports is it becomes really watered down
and as a result they have to put on all this other hype to try to make it exciting like make you
think that it's really great oh it's enjoyable it's really great so my apologies to the golfing
people because as terminal as your lives are your heads and shoulders above the football nerds
i'm not just talking about the football fans but i'm talking about the nerds the ones that call
this station in January with football questions like weeks after the super bowl is over the football
nerds i'd rather watch auto racing i'd rather hang out with those people okay those are red next
angel castello who's an Italian redneck and i'd rather croak before i hang out with those red
next at the end with the all that crap but the football people man some of them have got a very
very serious problem i don't want to you know i don't want to p-on operate because i know it's
been a long boring summer the marlins are terminal they're like with their death they're more boring
than the classic act which is saying a lot but the football people are trying to say
well message in fact let's have a big t-shirt for all the football people i have no life yeah
tooth and packaging i mean now hockey now that's a different story see hockey isn't just a sport it's
a way of life i didn't hear of any call now this guy wants to know about very Sanders how about
somebody important how about somebody with real talent like dominant cashier who says it's
his last year of taking all the abuse from the media and i don't blame him he can go back there
was a native country the Czech Republic and i didn't play there which he will and make a fortune
and be the hero of all the god damn europe and i have to take all the crap about well is he really
injured isn't he injured is he laying down after a while i must get pretty tired you know i'm talking
about right dominator and by the way learn a little english before you finally leave so they've
been here like 15 years here's a mobile and hi alia hello hello male yes you know if his
big stuff is sell it okay for a nice errand from you okay call up and talk to a watch
of the name there in the morning show Jeremy Shaat ESPN 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one
line you know something when they they shouldn't list they should have Jeremy Shaat on permanent
on that morning show even i would listen he's the best i mean he ain't no b-fold you know but
oh sorry Betty here's a pember pine hello yeah i knew that he could report on that
the brine Andrews tax story tonight to go no he was in a clothing store talking to a store owner
you notice how he threw up to Atlanta real fast it took him about 20 minutes without the
plane yesterday yeah he's talking to a store owner and he says so say i want to buy some clothes for
my um white for girlfriend how much actually was the taxi and the guy said hey boy what's
that in your mouth you totally stuttered before saying white for a girl how Betty did so yeah
last night i attracted i talked to my uh nica rock one in laws they are about to vote yes for it
and i had to straighten them out a little bit do you get the job done oh yeah these are unbelievable
nice go i'm totally convinced to do it good job pal all right man and don't forget we're not
talking about women 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line well i'll tell you one thing
that channel seven newsroom can you imagine how they got the paper boy back over there wow
they must have a track marks on the floors over in that place all the people chasing each other around in
uh here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir uh neo congratulations i was overwhelmed with that
vote last night i think you get it done i had a feeling it was going to get beat but i never in my
wildest dreams expected 68 to 32 percent two to one in fact you know i said the other day i'm
hoping for two to one and that's exactly how it turned out a little bit more than two to one
absolutely on especially the money that was spent you know pro i mean there they really
ought to be an investigation the harvest morning had a little publication about how voters didn't
have any confidence in their elected officials well how the elected officials at florida
landing university or appointed officials at florida's landing in Miami day community got they
spent hundreds of thousand dollars of money to support okay great he said the bull crap all of
five sixty pound five sixty sir you're forgetting carried away you're forgetting you're in america
you can't say those words we have the word police and the word police especially lately are getting
real nervous because they figure if they really clamp down and we don't say those words at least in
public then nobody will shoot each other anymore like that kind of landahoo went nuts yesterday i'm
sure probably heard the word bull crap one time too much in his life and he just went over the age
and killed those twelve people yesterday and his uh former wife and mother-in-law six years ago
if we can just crack down language people in america will stop still many to this range out so
i apologize sure but you can't say bull crap on a radio it's just not the american f in way
prof 56 is five sixty wqm or kind of a second end here today i think i can feel it i can almost smell it
it's a one to two hour
and now thoughts the universe this strange and wonderful place and needs to be treated with respect
cute and cuddly teddy bears can eat you alive always pay off your debts because you can't
always count on killing the bill collector think prepared for things to go wrong they usually will
when something is out of whack does that mean that at some point it was in whack uh
when cheese gets its picture taken what does it say if you buy stolen equipment make damn sure
it can't be tracked back to you if you stood next to billy blank on top of the tall buildings
and pushed them off he screamed like a girl all the way down if a piano player is called the pianist
why don't we call race car drivers racist if people from Poland are called polls why don't we call
people from Holland polls and that is the thought for today good point okay it's one of one
of five sixty wq a m we got the couple open lines five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the 18 to you wireless line here's the lady in Miami hello
me oh yes ma'am oh wow uh i assume that you have the same picture in the front of the hero
that we did with his uh with the mayor finale son is and on his forehead like i can't believe
us yeah he's saying boy exactly i don't know if you've ever noticed but the person who took the
photograph his name is David Bergman i assume that's the same one that you have and he's one of
the fine young photographers at the herald whenever you see a great picture in the herald
yeah and using in the sports section that's i know what he does a lot of those um it's his
he's uh i knew him when he was a little kid he lived across the streets for less
a 25 years ago he's not even 30 years old yet manages to capture the the moment and that's
certainly don't you think that really captures the moment yesterday it was excellent well anyway
good talking to him thank goodness that we got it done yes oh thank heaven for us 711
thousand oh no thank you so you're right bye bye five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the 18t wireless line you'll get in your car this weekend you'll get out there in a
Hershey highway you'll drive around to the world will not come to an end and it will not be any more
third world than it was before and people are not going to be moving their businesses out of town
because this penny sales tax lost oh yeah the sky is falling just talk to Tom Fidler or
whether they're Harold okay but he's protected he's got that yellow trench coat that he say from
back in his Gary heart days when he was following him around with his binoculars so he hasn't
got to worry about the sky falling he's got protection in fact too bad somebody wasn't using
protection today he was conceived we'd all been better well you know what I'm saying ahead of the
game here's Pembert Pine hello hey Neil you're a long time listener first of all I just wanted to let
you know that I voted no on the penny tax and then no no yes sir yeah I voted no on the penny
tax and then all points aside as one of let you know that your game you expect thanks okay great
thanks for the thanks for the bulletin okay thanks for your creative input in fact you can input
it right back in your backover came from I look at those straight Jewish fads better myself yeah
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty see this is the problem when we you don't have
work fair you know got to put these punky kids to work cleaning up the crap off the streets shoveling
up the dog dropping got too much time to dittle around on talk shows that's the problem right pal
is that what we're talking about yeah even like when I played the show still didn't catch on
probably a UN guy here's a lady in Miami hello
lady in Miami hello yes man hi Neil my name is Hilda hi Hilda and I think you deserve all the
kissing yesterday and I'm here calling you to give you a big kiss okay that's great
um I'm glad I didn't go through because I mean it was really stupid the tax thing yeah I thought
it was really stupid if that they were going to get away with that and by the way that color I just
called he's a total jerk off okay all right thanks Hilda I love you Neil see you bye bye okay oh yeah that
got one to kiss my ass too I cut him off before I had a chance you want to give it a big kiss and my
ass too 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale hello
hello man yes man this is my place time cooler yeah and I'm in the hospital
oh my god so I'm calling you because you know Craig Royding yeah he says that you're his best friend
and he says he's going to give you a call sometimes that's his friend yeah he said he wants you
to go on his show he's inviting you how can I do that I work on this station now he goes on from
six to nine but I work on this radio station I don't make appearances on other radio stations that I
don't work on no he just wanted you as a guest no that's what I said oh you won't go yeah what he
said is going to give you a call anyway no and I like his show and you're very nice and the
nicest over here I listening they said that you're a very very intelligent man and I am very very
intelligent and he said that he speak very good English and I do all the nice in the back to see
us the nice is okay feel better sweetheart take care yourself bye bye until Craig forget it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 no wonder Craig sounds so depressed I'm his best friend I'll see I talk to
Craig in 19 now he's a good guy I wish him all the best but you know life moves up okay a little
bit in the wrong place there but nice try okay head is uh it's sputly off and I think the timing
would be kind of inappropriate if we let that go right now although when you come right down to
it who cares do we really care no no here's a mobile and daily hello Neil yes sir hey how you doing I
got a funny story with the old folks that are driving I will I'm a car salesman yeah yeah and
that place sells cars off of very old people yesterday we had an invitational you know come and get
your umbrella a guy came in on his walker must have been 90 years old he forgot to put his pants on
he walked in the showroom with his walker with his underwear on and his underwear were halfway
down his butt in his crack was shown uh-huh beauty that is incredible that these people drive
that's right anyway right back out maybe you want to give maybe it's more comfortable having
his butt cracked there so we sit on those three pillows you know you can get the right spot I thought
I can get a cup of all of them until the end today I could just request yeah Miami Vice from 15
years ago with the Palindale people on the bus you got it thank you okay bye bye little crack problem
there at the dealership I guess five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the eight see that's
another thing about the traffic it is done that nobody wants to talk about whether it's the
Harold the mayor anybody else because they don't want to offend any segments in his town but the
fact is if you got all the geeks off the road who don't know how to drive if you would teach the
pigs that go a little bit over the speed limit is not bad that the traffic flow is what my traffic
move in real markets then maybe we can improve traffic in his town by at least 30 or 40 percent
if you got all the beat up old tired vehicles out there that don't belong on a road number one
and number two all the geeks that have no drivers license and no insurance number two
and number three encourage people to zip it along and keep the people going faster in the passing
lanes in the left hand lanes just a little sense of a law enforcement would help traffic out in
Dave County but God forbid that we should do that because we're too busy sitting here with our
radar guns shooting the town of God damn straight okay right in business man you talk about people
who can't drive it for their life to save their lives that's why when I had the 25 cent increase
on the tool they're like on 112 the day I came back from vacation from the airport that day
you would have thought that the sky was falling oh hey what do I do you know I hate to break the
news to you like I've told you before whether the tool is 25 cent 50 cent 4.5 bucks you still have
to stop and pay it wow what a concept so maybe if they pay a little bit more attention about
those kinds of things without spending any real amount of money they could actually improve
traffic flow a lot if that's what they really were so concerned about instead of all kinds of
wonderful juicy projects for their construction friends this is the most disgusting program I urge
everyone to complain to this station
there
there are let it's I don't know if you remember me but I was the guy whose house you said on my last view
god I miss you even though you blew up my car call all my hair off I miss you
but one quick question do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this
no one spent me for weeks but I'm not complaining don't misunderstand me because I loved you with
all my heart but if you happen to see my mother we let it all I'm not dead yet
mirror land I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend that wasn't me
he kind of looked and talked just like me but that's surely purely coincidental I was nowhere near
that place I love you too much to look at anyone else there are let it's I had a dentist
appointment that day and I was so anywhere the sheriff's metal live hotel I would never cheat on
somebody who treats me so good wins all those rarities as all that money
they come out let me out of there we are no one 15 to 5.50 WQM so a couple of people facts me this
editorial which is only in the data edition of the hero today stuck in traffic this is you know
something I wouldn't wipe my ass with this okay especially as red as it is right now after all
this ass kissing up head here today I wouldn't come close to it with this piece of crap
who the hell are you kidding of course they're all over the place well the mayor's been dealt
allows a hand but they deserve it because they made all these promises to this one and that one
and that hundred and three million the odd it doesn't say anything okay doesn't say a damn thing
other than the sky is falling and what are we gonna do in yada yada huh where were you 20 years
ago when you tried to when you helped to push over that first metro railboat huh all you
fakers at the hero most of these people weren't here then I was here you were the ones that helped
to put it over and then just a couple of years later you were the ones that told us in the front
page a traffic magazine what a white elephant it was what a piece of crap that nobody was riding
what a boom dog or what a flop wherever you were on your creative suggestions 20 years ago
all you maven's all you experts at the hero who know so much better than all the rest of us what's
good for us like now to do it would be good for us like a real newspaper in this town that would be
real good for us oh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's bokeh hello hey Neil how are you pretty good sir oh did you see the article in the
Sun Sentinel I think it was over the weekend about the Bishop in San Francisco that had to resign
sure and I heard that on the year last week I'm sorry I must have missed it I was amazed that
you know the guys were sex slaves yeah well they're just another isolated incident people fact
you're gonna church yeah that's his prison bitch right take your new out okay thank you good idea by
the way haven't played that in a long time let's play that today let's do it that'll kill some good
time five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line all you silly people
that are gonna go to church this weekend and put money in a coffees area so you can continue
subsidizing these corrupt institutions of course across a lot of money you know for a guy to wear
an outfit like that you know for guys gonna wear a dress it's gotta be really gotta be a fashion
plate first it's the collection plate so we can be a fashion plate just like the swish guard
they're sure they sure look 40 don't they with those nice striped outfits five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady in Miami hello hi Neil yes man
congratulations thank you and thank you so much for all your hard work we really do appreciate your help
yeah yeah yeah yeah well welcome and I also want to tell you that I was watching the county
commission meetings this morning oh the head one oh yes it was a carryover from yesterday and they
said they were going to meet at nine o'clock sharp today yeah well they kept calling the row
and calling the row and they did not have a quorum until 10 o'clock and then they wonder why
people are upset with the commission well maybe some of them were hung over after last night's
debacle probably but also you realize that McGill be as deportea and commissioner Javier Soto was
against the fact right well I understand that while McGill was speaking on a Spanish station
the nela had his aid get the communications director to recover the county seal on the podium
and to take down the county seal back of the podium while he was giving his press conference last
night after they lost and then he wanted to know who so in other words one commissioner can't
speak like a member of the commission the only the mayor can do that is that what he said I know
because he was speaking against the fact no but I'm saying so in other words if he didn't hear
the same opinion therefore he didn't represent the county I guess so but it also max of communism
right and uh... and uh... and Easter come on Easter come on Easter how do you like that absolutely and then
and what it called the mayor uh... they said that steerheim told him to do it yeah well when
I'm going to tell you something right now keep in mind the mayor is just a little pimple okay
maritz steerheim he's the chigger in a wood pile he's one of the power brokers in his town that's
pulling all the strings he's the one that's got the contacts all the people are destroying this
county just like he did when he was here the first time twenty years ago the mayor he's just a little
weasel right you got that and it's just the me and weasel is way out of this one now right
I'd I'd I'd love to picture in the paper today the poor little man yeah doesn't make you feel good
it does I just I would have it framed and put it on the wall well i'm i'm going to great
okay thank everyone should send sympathy cards okay thanks a lot yeah send it postage do
five six seven then probably one other penny sales tax to pay the postage for that five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line and this maritz for you see that I've
been telling you this for years the same old tired faces Xavier Suarez more is for a
joke how do I owe roll martinus I mean jesus christall mighty mirrored steerheim
of course I'd say let's get some new blood but all the other people that ever held
officer wanted to run they're all in jail now that's the problem but maybe when they get out
all our roll martinus and john lamellos once they get out they want to back in again
out of way plantation hello hi Neil yes sir yeah on the news they were reading that note that
left by that killer in Atlanta yeah yeah he uh... is two kids and his wife are in heaven with
your hove and now that was in the note was that what he said yep i guess maybe we should start
putting warning labels on the bible right right because George was reading from those freedom from
religion pamphlets and and some of you you can tell your enemy and his baby so i guess we should
start putting pamphlets because these adults too yeah we should get on this and of course to show
it this guy obviously by his behavior was crazier than a bed bug and like i've always told you
the more religious they are the crazier they are well let's see if people get after this too
i got your good job and attacking to you thanks a lot yeah you go into any large city which
of course this place i mean forget about going to like uh... like toronto or like new york like
boston in out there in the downtown areas there are these crazy people handing out the religious
stuff oh here you go praise Jesus and of course he died and i don't doesn't bother me just walk
by and kind of stick it yourself like uh... like that crazy people you know the religious people
the really really religious people those are the crazy people oh yeah she's in heaven now
probably and of course his first wife and his mother-in-law they're also in heaven god must be
getting reacrowed it up there just from this one guy well the other two had to go pick out a nice spot
for the other one oh that's right well they had six years to do it they should have a real nice plot
all laid out and of course don't forget they couldn't be in hell because the pope says there's no
such physical places hell it's a state of mind and he only should know because any guy walking around
with a beanie and dressed like that
here's for lottery all hello yeah yeah sir uh... blue the king correct the other night jack Thompson
what is it jack Thompson on both the king correct the other night
no oh he was on politically incorrect it was incredible based on what i don't know what they did
what rock did they did him i don't know it was something about religion and you know
all of what great timing that was after what i just said oh you couldn't believe how they made a
wacky jacky yeah they just the host keeps him i don't i don't understand what you're saying
i can't understand you what are you talking about and everybody else they were just looking at them like
what is this guy a freak of monster or what yeah it was wonderful my favorite my favorite line he
always used to have was fifty who were out the moon mind that was always my favorite
having great days thanks for the good news pal okay now i know i always hated that show
oh we got look at that i have one of these real cheap uh... galante whatever these things are
now we got our cigars apply from john penis who just came in we got some itch o'lmanus
i'm bigger part in five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it i thought they're all
itch o'lmanus i thought they all were of course as opposed to the one you're holding no i'm talking
about next yeah some rosado the night i don't know what these other ones say funnels all the people
that are done by hand five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t wireless
line here's a lady mobile in west palm hello lady mobile yes hi yes man how you doing good thanks
listen i want to congratulate you on your ratings thank you excellent job we all enjoy listening to
and listen my father he's been bugging me the long long time listen i never called up so i decided
to make the call he's been telling me about this take off you have a mnm song yeah my name is
right singing it every day in and out and i just got a hear it i never heard it yeah
not really but he told me it's excellent he's always quoting from it and talking about you so
i figured i'd give it a shot talk to you and ask her a question it's getting momentarily any minute
really yes sounds good and the song too have a great weekend you two new bye
and congratulations to watch baby great rating reflection result
huh few calls this week for the middle of july that's not too bad the end of july god damn will be
back on in august honey like that when we come back on here it'll be august man oh man we're getting
close to that why two k you know are you worried about that no no not if you got a brain you not
of course all of religious types they're taking their money out of the bank they're stuff
it out of their mattress they're going to move in with like that of course they always do that anyway
with it without my two k here's a mobile invoker hello yeah nia your ratings are only because you're
following the first team yeah that's true i forgot about you know that yeah and i'll have you
know that i got my tie to me jersey all right okay blow it out your ass match five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line how sad how truly sad the greatest sport in the
world and nobody here knows anything about it we got a team you know or at least kind of
assemblances one on there as long as i live i'll never forget going on vacation last year in the
spring vacation coming back and i'm over there in europe and i'm reading the USA today in the
pot the pot of elbow reassembled a floater panthers and i'm going yeah wow and i come back on a year
like and they're going who's that who's that i'm saying aren't you people excited and they're going
yeah yeah of course look how many years it took in the catch up on politics in the you know
they're a little bit slow down here probably like 20 years after we lose the team they've moved to
uh jenny v in the yorker somewhere they'll say oh yeah that pal berri he was pretty famous he was good
but it takes him a little while they're just a little slow try to you
ask wait tell you're this even better news linda trippin died in virginia on two counts of wire
sometimes we understand that for that
she makes me want to
A chick with a dick
With two smelly chins
Uploaded and ugly backtits
Sometimes I think that
She wants the lady of the stopper to sing
And Rhythmi Karon asks what songs like this
Breakfast
But we find that all using
From that self-promoting of we
How much were you paying?
How much were you paying?
For monocasay
For monocasay
By rich earth's female insane
That's what they did
They church the fast thing
I wake you up with leaving alone
Up just like it when a few hours stay
I wake you up with leaving alone
Up just like it when a few hours stay
Just really you sing
You're a fool
You bad ass doctors ugly smelly chins
We're really not church in a crowd
And we know we're the same
And we're the same
And we're the same
And I did today just flash on scene
And they were flashing and the news too
And I did on two counts of wiretapping
And she may be going straight to jail
Wouldn't that be great huh?
I'm American F and Way
Oh yeah, I'm starting to get
You're right just thinking about that
Or maybe that's at a lead son of hers that's getting me a nervous
Now they couldn't be be related
Could you think they are?
No, he's a ringer
Here's a mobile in Miami
Hello?
Yes sir
And I was just going through the
Radio because I was listening to the Martin's yesterday
What a bad mistake that was
Well you know I like them
But the point is that
What's that?
I said I'm glad
Oh yeah
I never heard a shot heard about you man
And what caught me and made me call you is that I'm one of those religious people
You talk about
One of those crazy religious people
Exactly
I just want to tell you one thing if you better listen
And it'll be short
The Jesus Christ is real
Is real is that what you said
Is real
Is real?
You ever been to
You have to read the word in your name
Not there or what is that thing
I'll tell you kneeling wall
You ever read a lot of it?
I want to let you know that I love you
And the Lord loves you too, Neil
I'm serious
Okay get yourself some help pal before it's too late
You're the big wide world out there
You know what?
If you ever want to meet with me
No, and I can talk to you
So now I'll pass
And you see that's one of the reasons that most rational people despise all this crap is because people like you
You can believe whatever free tales you want
I'm not interested, okay?
No sale
Okay, you take care
God bless you too, huh?
And now you can go ahead and sneeze
56670560
It's the stench of Kalman who are going to Mendis is always talking about
56670560.560
On the AT&T wireless line
Here's the mobile in Kendall
Hello sir, name, whatever you are
Yeah, he had to have been a listener before
Because only he then would know that
Well that was that whole call
You know the word
Love Neil Roger
Yeah right, that was a bogus call
Two short things on my play
One is lame and the other
Not an interesting
Okay
The lame one is of driving alongside a new Corvette the other day
And I see a sticker on the passenger window that says something to the effect of new generation airbag
Do you have one of these stickers or a new generation airbag?
I don't even know what that is and I have 299
Neither do I, don't know that
It was a new vet and it had a sticker on the window really kind of small
You know like they have those okay stickers
Right
And this said like new generation airbag
Huh
And I'm like what the hell is the news?
It's a blast off and doesn't kill you or something
It would be
That's really weird
The other thing is I had a television accident
It came across Wamy the other day
Oh my god you that one, that's more, that's a wreck, that's not just an accident
Get back
Get back
Get back
You ever see Kenneth's frequency?
Yeah
Kenneth's frequency
That's still on?
Oh yeah
They had a doctor who does penis enlargement
Uh huh
And he's there showing various different what it's not fallacies
What would plural be a fallant?
Well, penis
Yeah, it's not like
Yeah, fallacies, yeah
Ford
And you know they have guests there right in the studio
One of the guests is blind light
Oh
And he's handling
Oh no
And he's handling
Oh no
And he's handling
And he's handling
All of these different penis enlarge
And I mean I gotta tell you
Um I stopped and I stopped and I watched the rest of the show
Because it was really one of the most amazing things
Yeah, I'm bad
And you imagine
And probably looked like he was having a good time too
This one was just terrible
I mean he was exploring
These are these old devices that the doctor brought on
Maybe he got rid of the jingles and now he's into the tingles
Yeah, I'm telling you
Okay thanks for the good news sir, your phone's down but have a great day
And thanks for the good news, okay because
Wamy, get at it sucks
21 before OG, I just knocked the penis over on the edge of my abortion
Holy machinon
This is Joe Ball and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Never before has one movie brought together
Two people that know what in the country really cares about
You'll be bored to death when you see
Julia Roberts, Bigmouth and Hugh Grant's obnoxious smile in
Notting off hill
Check local listings for theaters and times
Notting off hill
So anyway, Hank and I were just talking here so we were sorry to interrupt me
It's 16 before 2 at 560
Hey, that was more important in our discussion than the stupid show, okay, we're almost out of here
Yeah, Hank says the stick of the herald is what Hank says
Not just the mayor with his election but the herald got the real old chap with his right up the
Correct him, yeah
Nice going there Tom Feeler, you and your corrupt bunch of crap
I wouldn't be surprised to all heistens writing for some other paper in a couple of months
Maybe like a real one
Here's Halendale, hello
Hello
Yes, sir
Yeah, I'd like to say
I just wanted to say that you were like
Yeah, you are the best because you like voted no on the penny tax
I would just turn up a little louder
I said, you're up a little louder that radio
Yeah, turn up
Yeah, hold on
Now hold our real tight pal and then after about 30 seconds you can put it away
560705 because that's all I'll take
56070560, 0560 on the 18t worthless slide
See what I'm talking about work for, man, works every time
Put these kids out there cleaning up all that dog and kitty crap all over the streets
Doing something constructed during the summer months
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello
Neil
Yes, sir
Congratulations on the voting, congratulations on your rating
Thank you, congratulations to all of us, man, we finally woke up
Listen, I'm just wondering that the Hanse ratings take a boost with Mandage on for the last week and a half
We'll have to check when the next trend comes out
Oh, it's so much better, it's like so listen
Oh, so Hanse just loves you for that
Oh, it's horrible, you know for a week and a half it was great from 10 to 6
I listened to both of you guys
Yeah
No, I don't think it gave me a good turn
Okay, well talk about it, I'm sure you'll love talking to you
56070560, 0560, 0560, Hanse just came in and handed me a nice big cigar
Oh, look at this, Havana Republic, woo! Nick, eat your heart out
All we just did get our cigars from next to
We got cigars up the old record, I feel like Richard Geer
Man, because John Penis finally came back from vacation
Does that mean we're going to get some new copy for some of those accounts?
No, but at least we got some cigars
Here's the adventurer, hello
Yes, Neil
Yes sir
When Carl Heierson said that each mile cost $100 million to construct
I was thinking they could put a skyscraper on each mile of that road
I mean all it is is concrete in a rail and it costs them $100 million
So it's just amazing
By the way, I missed when you say the numbers
Can you say them again?
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
I mean, I say what numbers? What numbers?
What were your ratings?
Gigantic, we had a 10.8 year and then 25 to 54 were number 1 by a mile
And we're kicking ass and the whole station did great
Oh, that's great, alright
That was great weekend
Yeah, we're kicking to the serious ass here
I'm not really sure why some of the day parts
All we know that Ed's got all the compulsive gamblers locked up there at night
And most of them should be locked up
But hey, a little something for everybody
That's our ID here, a little something for everyone
Maybe we'll give Barry Jack as a show
Huh? That would be better than putting blind Mike on here
Let's have Barry
In fact, we'll tie Barry up in a chair
And we'll bring in some real skanky stripper in here
And have a rubber breast of against Barry's rectum
See what happens
Of course, Barry's rectum
That's what you think is his push in that picture in the hero
Here's a mobile in Miami
Hello
Yeah, Neil
Yes, sir
I just wanted to congratulate you on sitting down that A-hole panellis
Yes
And I also want to
I did it one go handily pal
Yeah, so I thought
I would just want to let you know that they just indicted that picture
Linda Chep, I just had an answer, I'm 15 minutes ahead of you
You just had it on, you even played the song, how do you like that?
That's great
Okay
Yeah, see there's good things happening
It goes to show you, that's the way life is, all you kids out there
It's the yin and the yang, it's the ups and downs
But mostly it's the ins and the outs
That's what I saw about is the ins and the outs
