Hi!
Sports Radio 560,
the LGQAM Miami-Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Oh, right!
Talk to Neil called 560-750-560 toll-free,
ordained in power, or count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil is guests, callers,
or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily-requisitions, or the easily broadcasts.
No!
Oh, now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-2AM.
I absolutely want to pee.
The H.A.J. was feeling the same.
And, side-to-clean, he denied.
He was resting his fine.
He ain't from feeling the same.
The H.A.J. was feeling the same.
So, here's that way, he has a day.
He's always pushed through that way.
He was a kid.
We'll go home, then he wasn't able to stay.
He wasn't going to start his first day.
He was the White House, he'll be all due.
Like a fantastic guy.
So, he can be seen in TV, like 2's or 2's.
But the fact that I'm a kid for the high.
Oh, right!
That's the way it was.
Well, now the local economy is united today.
All right, 1002 at 560 WDQM, happy Wednesday to you.
Look at that.
The other townline is ringing already WDQAM.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Neil?
Yes.
Hey, Neil, I got...this is John from the hockey games.
I see you all the time with my son.
Yeah.
I got this thing from New York.
MOTSA number five.
You want to record it?
I'll play it for you.
All right, I'll let you know.
What's your email?
You'll email it to us?
Yeah.
How are you going to email an audio?
Oh, you can do that nowadays.
Not the us, you can't.
Oh, you can't?
No.
How about sending us a cassette of it?
You better not cassette?
You want to hear it first?
No.
If you like it?
No, I take your word for it.
Okay.
Hey, listen, I talked to...
Anybody that's a hockey fan or real hockey fan can't be all bad.
Hey, come on.
Listen, John, if you think it comes to us, sorry.
I appreciate you.
Well, there you go.
I hooked you up with the old penis, man.
I told you.
Yeah, if you came up and club wall street is going to come through, we're going to advertise
with you.
Excellent.
Or maybe just give the cassette to John penis when you see him.
Okay.
Okay.
Or I'll bring you to the next hockey game, maybe.
There you go.
Next Wednesday.
I'll see you there.
Thanks, John.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
By the way, our good friend, Alan from The Lights has got the candy and now the low-carb candy.
I shouldn't be talking about this on here, then there won't be any more for us.
And George, by the way, is turning into a real little hazard lately, hopping up every time
a Peter Leonard walks in here with a box full of these goodies from The Lights.
George, who doesn't need to lose an ounce, but insist, what do you want him to do?
Caron Carpenter, is that the idea now?
Look at this roll around my middle.
You're so full of crap.
Yes, you've never seen one of the things that makes bad people very upset is when skinny people
start whining from not how bad they are and they have to lose 20 pounds.
If you lost 20 pounds, it looked like Ikebog crane on a bad day.
If I wasn't eating all this diet food, I'd need to lose 50.
If you weren't eating all this diet food, maybe you wouldn't need to lose any.
Because you're eating extra food that you wouldn't be eating in the first place.
Do you ever stop and think about that?
I don't have a distance.
Did you ever stop?
No.
No.
But anyway, so we got this...
Let me get 20 or 30 more out of the thing here.
It's real good to get that fling going again in your throat.
Chocolate tapas.
That almost sounds like a Hispanic thing, doesn't it?
Doesn't it?
Kinda.
Oh, no, this must be French.
It's too sweet.
But anyway, they're from Canada.
And the West Book is the only place that's got it, but it's still Christmas.
And they only have four carbs per piece.
Now, I will say this.
I mean, if you had like 10 pieces, that would be 40 carbs.
Not a real good idea.
But at least it tied you over.
And it really tastes like the real thing, like chocolate.
They come in peanut butter and milk and chocolate.
And they're pretty damn good.
I'll tell you that tastes like the real thing.
It's the real thing, like George E.
You would say, I gotta tell you right now, right off the bat.
I have an apology to make for my own being very naive and very slow and very behind the times.
And the reason for that being is that when you're not involved with certain things in your life,
you don't under you, just don't have any understanding of what it's all about.
But the last several days, especially going back to last Friday,
wasn't it Friday?
Was it a Friday that we had that, the episode or was it Monday?
I guess it was Monday.
With screw-and-down stairs,
threatening to black-make care mail, Carol from center one,
and slamming the phone down and acting like a lunatic, as usual.
But I've been going nuts about this golf term.
And of course we were going nuts about it on other aspects based on the OJ appearance,
which wasn't supposed to happen.
I've been going crazy because of all the money that allegedly was raised,
and which they're still lying about.
But nevertheless, now after piecing us all together,
and discovering, by the way, that there was 110 grand,
just in sponsorships for this golf term that there was raised by this radio station,
all of which that money is going to the radio station.
See, all of these celebrity golf tournaments,
all of these celebrity charity events, they're all,
there's one word for them.
You know what the word is?
Fraud.
Now, legally, maybe they're not fraudulent,
because the law says evidently, from what we were told,
only 5% of the proceeds need to go to charity,
or some teeny tiny little amount needs to go to charity,
and then it qualifies as a charity event,
whatever it's a golf tournament, a ping pong, a pocket pool,
whatever the event might be.
Maybe someone who actually knows what golf.
Yeah, maybe somebody who knows about these things and how they operate,
maybe somebody that's operating church bingo,
or some of this scam out there, can call and tell us how that works.
How much actually has to go to the charity,
to any charity, before it qualifies as a charity bill in the blank,
whatever it's charity tournament, especially golf?
Because I mean, if the truth to be known,
this thing raised probably about 150 grand,
I would say, with all the sponsorships,
and now we begin to understand,
see again, I was very slow.
When we were approached with this thing months ago,
I was very slow to understand why they were so insistent.
Oh yes, no, it's going to be great.
We know we're not interested.
No, no, you don't understand.
We're going to have to do it because there are all these sponsorships that we sell,
and there's all this money that's going to come to the radio station,
and it's another big money making event for the radio station,
the charity with your own.
Which in this case, will turn out to be $2,500 only,
after a herniotic effort on my part,
to try to embarrass them in a coffin up a few bucks,
after crying pormo.
So all you people out there know, is that for real that call on five?
Amsterdam, hello.
Hello.
You already got cut off once.
What do you mean by that?
Because he's calling long business?
Yes.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, man.
You're right about everything.
Yeah.
Yes, you are.
Where are you?
I'm an Amsterdam.
Whereabouts?
Right on the strip.
On the strip?
Yeah, I call the strip.
On the dam rack?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Neil, I want everybody out there to notice that you're right about everything.
Amsterdam, Toronto, and...
And...
And...
And the part of...
Now just a second, give me a second.
Okay.
Part of...
Yeah, you doing some heavy duty stuff, evidently.
No, I'm not.
I'm going to grab over there.
I'm fine.
Okay.
And the part of...
What time is it over there, by the way, now?
I don't even have a watch on it.
No, okay.
And the part of...
Are you an Amsterdam?
Netherlands or Amsterdam, New York?
Neil, please listen to me.
I'm listening.
You're just...
Well, where are you standing now?
Where are you on the phone?
Where are you?
Where are my...
Yeah.
I'm in a phone booth.
And what...
Look around.
What's next to you there?
What's...
Where are you?
There's a canal.
Yeah.
Well, that's unusual in Amsterdam.
And...
Now, give me the name, like, of a hotel that you see or a restaurant, a store, something.
I just wanted everybody out there to notice that.
Sure.
Give me...
Give me your name.
And...
And you were the biggest pedophile of all.
Oh, yeah, there you are.
All the places in Amsterdam...
That's all they have is a pedophile.
No, they don't.
There are no pedophiles in Amsterdam.
And every...
Yeah.
And you're not an Amsterdam, at all.
And I got the pictures of you with a four-kin-year-old kid.
Yeah.
Okay, bring them on over, pal.
Yeah.
Okay.
Told you.
And you get sucked into it.
This guy's an Amsterdam.
Like, I'm an Amsterdam.
There are pedophilia.
It's illegal an Amsterdam.
Just like it is here.
Of course, pick it up where we left off yesterday.
This guy...
They wouldn't let him into the country in the Netherlands.
Anyway, so, Al's got the candy that I told you from the delights.
And I'm delighted to find out that all of these charity,
all these celebrity things, they're all fraud.
So, if you want to participate, and like I said,
the saddest part of the deal is that they'll always hook in a whole bunch of people to play,
because these people, like we found out yesterday,
we couldn't buy a call from any of those people who participated.
110 different people.
And all we had was a couple of cranks like this asshole, okay?
That's all we had.
Because they don't care.
They want to rub elbows with famous people like SpudsWeb and the Scooter Magruder.
Famous people like that.
Yeah, some are famous.
Marginally famous.
And they don't really give a crap where the money's going to wind up going in.
Maybe there might be a couple people that might be an exception too.
But I just want to alert you now, because I was reading again in the paper this morning,
in the sports section, here's another celebrity golferman.
This is one of the biggest scams in history, and they sign up all of these sponsors,
and they rake in thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars,
and then the charity whoever it's supposed to be for at the end of the day,
they throw them a little bone.
A little tiny bone, and that's the deal.
So I'm no longer, I've just washed my hands at this whole thing with this set of one golferman
because the whole thing was as big as far as I'm concerned,
even if it legally doesn't qualify in my mind, it qualifies as a big freaking fraud.
That's what it was.
10 past 10 at 560 WQM.
No portion of this broad guest may be reproduced without the express written permission
of WQM, beefy-reed acquisition court.
Lennie's asked America what they wanted, and all you can eat breakfast.
I want more than just a lot of foods.
A lot of choices.
Bacon, pancakes, and eggs, anyway I want them.
Oh, and sausages, those little sausages that look like doctors.
Yeah, the ones that always come stuck together, why is that?
They don't want to warm them, they're a heat lamp at some fast food place.
I want to warm them, they're a heat lamp at Lennie's.
Tell you how I want it.
I want bacon really fatty and lean to the one you pick it up,
and we sort of doops off your finger, and eggs with the yolk broken so they're out of their rocks.
I want it served by a fat, stolen waitress of the mustache, so I have an excuse to stiffer.
Egg, we're going back down!
And I don't want to spin in line, I want to wait in line to get seated for a really long time.
They do that at Lennie's, Lennie's.
America, there's a new, all you can eat grand slam breakfast menu.
At Lennie's, it's everything you already expect from Lennie's, just a lot more oven.
At room temperature.
Kind of changes the complex to things that Lennie's done that.
So anyway, Ellis Rubin, not to be out there, I noticed both local newspapers,
perhaps getting a little bit tired of getting Ellis all that publicity.
I both, both newspapers missed that story today, but it was all over the news yesterday last night.
A dark, complexed couple from Cutler Ridge suing Denys,
because they claimed that they were refused service, they were ignored.
And of course, who is their attorney, the publicity seeking Ellis Rubin?
How do you like that?
Exactly.
I guess that's just a coincidence.
But anyway, they claimed they went into Denys, down to Cutler Ridge,
and they sat there for 30 minutes and just sat and sat,
and nobody went anywhere near them.
And finally, they called over the manager or some Jackass,
and they said, what's going on over here?
We'd like some service, and he went in, and they saw through some glass window.
He was in there talking to somebody else, and they were shaking their head,
and looking down at the floor, and they, that was it, and they still left them sit there,
another 15 minutes.
At which point they got up and walked out.
And of course, the Denys people say, well, it's a grandstand.
They're looking for publicity, and about to be, about to move, about to pop.
We got all these black managers, and we got black people, and the, you know,
the grand slam.
How about your partner?
Grand slam.
It's the grand slam.
That's right.
Hey, let's have the grand slam golfer, and what do you say, huh?
Oh, yeah.
So anyway, there you go.
And of course, that raises the question, because, you know,
Georgia's brought up a good point.
Most establishments have a sign that they hang, that says,
this establishment reserves the right to not serve anyone.
Or something like that.
Or something like that.
I'm a few service.
There's a few service to anyone.
In other words, if we don't like the way you look, or smell, or something like that.
What about all these places, you know, jacket's only in the dining area?
Yeah.
That's not just for dark folks, though.
That's jackets for every, or it wasn't.
In other words, white folks, if you don't have a jacket, we're not going to kick you out,
but if you're black, that would be a good excuse to do that.
Oh, no, jacket.
You can't come in here, sir.
Let's use the back entry.
You can't come in here, boy.
I mean, sir.
Yeah, coming through the back door.
Maybe we'll let you in, but we doubt it.
So Lenny's just continues.
They just can't seem to get their acts straightened out.
You know what?
They just keep having these problems with dark folks.
In addition, see, if I go into a restaurant and they don't want to serve me, you know what?
I'll go someplace else.
Yeah, screw them.
They don't want my money.
I'll find some.
I'll go over to Thai Tonys.
Screw them.
Get some good Thai food.
Here's a lady mobile in the day.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
Oh, I just had, I can't believe they put the Amsterdam guy before me.
He wasn't there.
He didn't mind, too.
He didn't know he wasn't an Amsterdam guy.
He was just a jackass.
And as soon as I backed him into a wall and made it obvious, we knew that he wasn't there.
Hey, you're up.
I had a file.
I got pictures of you with two-year-old boys.
Yeah, right.
He's a jackass.
Anyway, I had to call on, let you know, the people magazine calling Alex Penelope.
The sex he's been in politics.
I heard that in the morning show this morning.
It's enough to make him understand.
Who wanted to try his mom?
I don't understand that.
Evidently.
He's about a sexy as a fruit fly.
Anyone who looks a little like a fruit fly, and other than I mentioned that.
Well, that's an amount of money.
But they always pick a grotesque people.
You know that.
Oh, wait, come on.
Don't they?
He's disgusting.
He's gruesome.
He makes me want a barf.
Anyone.
I mean, does anyone have the street?
I wouldn't touch him with your mouth.
Oh, I wouldn't touch him with my neck.
Okay, sweetheart.
I have a great day.
Bye-bye, J.O. plumber, by the way.
I wonder if Boca Brake can do it, but the only word I can think of that rhymes with plumber is like dumber.
I'm sorry about that, J.O. I realize you were in politics here for about 400 years.
But yesterday, the voters said, oh, no, no, no, I was to J.O. plumber.
And they also said we want to strom there.
I mean, it wasn't even worth talking about because about 80 people voted.
So it wasn't even worth getting into a big song to dance about.
But needless to say, the voters in the eight counties are somewhat disenchanted.
And they said, goodbye, bye-bye, J.O.
We're bringing this other guy.
We don't know who the hell he is, but anything's got to be an improvement over you.
And I'll let the beard your drinking.
And we want a strong mayor, which means mayor Carroyo will have to face election March sooner as in next March.
Maybe we can get a good dictator in there, huh?
How about Patista?
You think he's got any relatives hanging around that we can bring in?
How about one of Patista's grandchildren?
As dictator or Dave County, that sounds good to me.
There you go.
Maybe we can get some information about these cheer-ready events, but I doubt it, you know?
Like I said, those people that participated, they didn't care where the money was going.
They just want to go out there and rub elbows with people.
And a whole bunch of them turned out to be real assholes because when OJ did show up,
they were rubbing it with him and the elbows too.
Which is really embarrassing.
I cry for you people, okay?
Now I cry for us that there are people like you walking around out there.
Like they got to call us that day.
Well, I'm a collector, you know, I had him sign my thing because I'm a collector.
Yeah, collect this.
We got a big pile of us for you, okay, pal?
Start collecting right now.
Here's a mobile in Hallendale. Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to tell you about the charity golf tournament because a lot more to it than I know I'd assume you may know,
but basically by calling it a charity thing, it means that like my company can pay for my free round of golf.
Yeah.
Or perhaps I can take a day off because, well, it's a weekday, but it's a charity golf tournament.
And there's so many extra angles for that stuff that make the whole thing...
Fraud, like a combination of the your management and the people that play in the things.
It's all like a game and that's why these things go on literally every week.
Yeah.
But how much money actually winds up going to the charity?
In this case, a very teeny tiny percent.
And even that, we had a squeeze out of these backyards.
And they still don't have it, by the way.
But that's because the people that are playing in the tournament, they're using their uniqueness to use their company's money or to time off the things like that.
So it's like a combination deal.
Everybody makes out and everybody's want to wink their eye and laugh at people like yourself and try and do an honorable thing.
Yeah, we're sitting on it here saying proceeds to benefit center one.
We're not sitting on it here saying proceeds from the style of auction, which is going to be a very teeny tiny amount,
which I didn't know about at the time, or any other defined print fits in the contract.
We don't know about those things.
So we're trying to, you know, use the hook of, oh, this is really for a very good cause.
And in the meantime, it's for what you just said it was.
Everyone's in a row, even you get the snooker.
Yeah, absolutely.
I confess that's why I said at the beginning today.
I'm just very naive.
I've never been involved with these things before.
And now I know why and I'm glad I haven't been.
Well, you are still God.
Okay, and I have a great life.
I'll see you in Amsterdam with all those little kids.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, thanks for, thanks for, thanks for making your call.
Yeah, absolutely.
Listen, you know, I've been listening to your show for, I don't know how many years,
113, at least 100 years.
Yeah.
And I finally figured it out the other day.
You've got the answer for everything.
And the problem is that you're a professional.
You see, and everybody else around you is just, this is like a game for them.
Well, what does that mean?
Oh, I have an answer for everything.
No, no, no, no, no.
I just mean that, you know, you're a professional.
You're a radio professional.
Right.
And people, nowadays, have lost the meaning of what it is to be a professional.
Well, this is not a professional radio station that I'm working in here.
I mean, I do people get very tired of hearing me belly ache, but this is not a, I mean, an IOD we had problems.
And every station I've ever worked in, no place is perfect.
And it's fun to get on and be able to bitch about it.
But here, I mean, professional is not in their vocabulary.
They don't understand what it's all about.
Bigs, that's because it's all like a game.
This is a little fraternity.
You know, you post fraternity and you think I'm joking, sir.
Greg Reed and his buddies, they've been together for years.
It's a close little fraternity.
They laugh at the rest of us.
Okay, they do whatever the hell they want.
And they get very irritated when some loud mouth bastard like me, who they can't live without, comes down to the air and outs them for being the phonies that they are.
They can't stand it.
Yeah, just like you say.
Give us the money and, you know, we'll just shut up and give us the other money.
Just get up and give us the other money.
That's right.
Hey, Neil, one other thing.
Anyway, any chance in hell that I could get your dolphin tickets for this weekend?
No.
Please.
See you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Florida Line, 877, 785, Neil.
877, 785, 6345.
See this guy who claims he's been listening for years.
Didn't he hear me say that I'm never giving anything away again?
No.
Oh, he didn't hear that.
He also, I guess, didn't hear the fact that I already gave those tickets away to Joe Costello.
No.
He missed that too.
You got to listen more closely, sir.
You have to have a more discerning ear.
So we even though you tried that very uneffective sucks job there in the beginning, we still
ain't got anything for you, sir.
This is not a goddamn charity thing here.
We're not given stuff away.
It's a radio show.
We're here to entertain people.
And you're doing okay up until the end.
Almost as entertaining as the guy from Amsterdam, New York.
Here's Dean, you're hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got a question for you.
What's your opinion on the All-Star format, the world versus North America?
Sucks.
I agree.
The All-Star game blows.
Get rid of it.
Okay, that's all I have.
Okay, sir.
Mike Lang, God.
Okay.
Joe Bond, God.
I'll listen more than one God.
We all know that, don't we?
Of course, there's even...
Damn, God!
Several of us, God.
There've always been a whole bunch of God.
There's the real God's in to make believe God.
You know, yesterday I was telling George before the show this morning and it's true.
We had every misted.
You know, I tried to count the number of real...
We've already this morning, even a guy from Amsterdam was a real...
He was phony, but he was more real than most of the people we had yesterday.
We had the one guy, well, are you afraid of God?
Why...
This guy must have called me 7,000 times already with the same line.
Then we had the Walker again who will never get on the year who's an asshole, who's a scumbag.
And we had...
We had the woman with the chicken soup who thought that she was real, which killed...
By the way, Lady Geldy.
Oh!
Got a big kick out of your call.
He said he just...
Just splurded right out there in the car laughing when he heard that.
She was so excited that her son went to the Yankee celebration there for the World Series
and ordered chicken soup at the dinner.
And I said, try some kischki and she said,
You mean stuffed dharma?
And I said,
Ah-ha!
And she said,
Oh!
You're going my whole day.
And who else?
I mean, there's so many.
And then the phony, born again, Christy, knew that they wanted to pray for us.
They make believe the Aresatz.
It was the Aresatz show yesterday.
It was Aresatz Tuesday.
Here's Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
I just have a comment about the Denys thing.
Yes.
Have you been to Denys and Cutler Ridge?
I don't go anymore.
Oh.
I don't go to any Denys periods.
I think they're food sucks, not unlike their service.
Excellent point, but they do have good mother hubbrew pies there.
But I'm just curious.
The next time I...
If I decide to go into one, and I sit there for what I think is an unlinked amount of time,
should I get Ella's ruby?
Do you think I'd have a case?
Put on some black face.
Okay, that's what I was just trying to wonder.
Okay.
Okay, thanks.
There you go.
I think I got you some cash there, pal.
Just sit there.
Just kind of sneak in, conspicuously, and put the black face down while you're sitting there, like Al Jolson.
And start singing, oh man, river.
Come on, you can do it.
I like the guy in the macaroni grill.
You think they're still doing that at the macaroni grill?
I don't know.
They got those sparks standing up on the table singing.
Oh, man.
I don't want to see it.
No, I don't want to see it.
I love their food there, but I don't want to see no sparks standing up on the table in the middle of my meal.
Singing some unintelligible, I don't know what it was.
Now, is that prejudice, too, because they don't want to sparks just singing in the middle of my dinner?
I don't mind if he's eating over there at the other table, but don't be singing in the middle of my dinner.
Maybe these people down at Denny's and Cutler Ridge, maybe they were singing a little man river or something like that.
Or they were doing hip hop.
I saw that, maybe it looked like they were two hip hop.
Do you see that guy?
Oh, man.
I'm not too sure I would have served him myself.
26th, I mean, the wife seemed okay, but he seemed a little long, I don't know.
26 past 10 at 560 WQAM.
Only one South Florida radio station has a...
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Bob something, he had a big sign that said cold, but he was standing in front of the sea and that's at old, the other guy I think his name's Bob too was kind of razzin him and they were going out of the fun. Bob we were in Bob Nair, yeah? Yeah, so it's just kind of funny as old guy standing in front of big sign that's his old, yeah, but anyways, the reason for my call was I didn't know if you knew this, but OJ had his kids down a few months ago and he took him to Galver Academy and they took their entrance exam and they passed it, so he can move down to any time and put his kids in the school. Good news for you. And.
And that's it. Okay, thanks, thanks for your brilliant call, sir. See what I'm saying? I'm talking about all these other things and it's like like I've told you before they got there on a gender. Do we care about OJ? No, do we care about his guy, Dan Kidd? No, are we going to let him move here? No, so what are you talking about, sir? Like the other guy with his white trash, a choppin and target for their prescriptions or whatever he's talking about. This is great. This is dynamite. This is a great, like I said, reading that article, a perfect reflection of what's this town's all about.
21 before 11 to 560 WQM. I got two sets of lips.
All right, everybody get around a condiment here. What kind of protest do you want? It's in Robin anything you want as long as it's done by
the gang demand. The gang demand. The gang demand. The gang demand. And 40 mixes. This would go when next to this. The gang demand. And 30 mixes. This would go when next to this. The gang demand. And 30 mixes. This would go when next to this. The gang demand.
All right, I will start up myself today. All right, 1045 at 560 WQM. So maybe you heard that little spot that started in the middle of that bit
accidentally and come to find out that this is part of the ongoing shenanigans here of the Beasley Reed people because this is this is a new remote start that we got to button that
somebody cool punches that you punch it. I punch it. So then the spots fire off at the informed
large. So instead of paying some kid to sit making $3 an hour over there and four Myers at 770 to run the spots when we go into a break. Now we got
a remote start button that George can punch here so they can just open a pot over there and nobody has to be sitting there. So if I say it still can go on a
year over there because nobody's running the board. They might have to pay somebody a dollar 75 an hour to sit there or bring in some
intern off the street who'd like to find out how to run a radio board and maybe get into business a little bit and do it for
free. No, we don't want to do that. Do we? No, no, because we're the Beasley's baby. We invented cheap 1600 open lines here this morning 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line out of town line. It's 8 7 7 7 8 5
6 3 4 5. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Tamarack. Yes, sir. Neil first time caller. I'll tell you about a couple of rip offs. One of them when I came down here east of
seals. Yes, a man had 2700 boxes out in Bray, Dave and Broward. I you know you remember the seal kid you pick a piece of candy. You put
a dollar a quarter and everything right we found out later he never had a license. And it was all disappeared within two weeks. Then I went to work for cancer care
up in both right and it gave me $14 for every box I could put into a restaurant. You take a peppermint patty and you put in money. After
while I got to know them so well. Yeah, but every time she stands up there for money falls out. I got the number so well. I let me into the
money room so I got into the money changing machine you know the sorting for the coins right the dollar bills that were off
a can aged. They would take straight now and put it in a pocket. I got a check and one time I said you didn't pay me for
guess money. She pulled out a 10 dollar bill from his pocket. There you go. All right. And everyone when I asked a guy about the
East to see if he says they don't care. I'm giving them one or two percent of what to take. That's all I'm interested in beautiful. Now with OJ. How in the hell do they back him when
he you never see him with a black face. You only see him with a blonde blue. I right he's never done anything for his people. Right. And they're
going to take pictures of him and show show the grandchildren look at this. I got a picture with OJ. Yeah. Adam the theory. Most of the people by the way
that were out there to go up and get in their picture made with him were white people. Which is even sadder which is even worse. That's correct. I believe I
can do. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60. So all this charity stuff man more and more of it we're finding a scam is the word fraud. Oh yeah. We're running this charity
can make it like it's like when you're trying to drive on a guy to him highway near these people standing at the street corner
which definitely ought to be outlawed by the way should be against the law. And they got a bucket you know like
oh help the starving kids help the people with some terminal disease you know it just says you know help somebody on there. And there are a bunch of
guys running around and they got these all we're in the same kind of outfits on general the cost act foundation you're talking about now with the orange hats.
Roger Cossack I thought he was on 12 30 on CNN. He's got a foundation now. Also started from OJ. The cost act found out what is that.
Well when I was doing the other guest show that we had some calls on that I was talking about it apparently it's this group a bunch of
great robbers they round up all these homeless vagrants. Yeah. They don't give them 4 dollars. They don't have to take it. Yeah. They're out there collect money and
where's it going to go in and somebody's pocket. They're watched. They got people watching them to make sure that they don't
pocket any of the money out of the bucket. Great. Excellent. But they have nice ID tags. Yeah they look lovely. Next time I see any
you assholes out there in the street corner raise the money for 80s kids and Jerry's kids and Tommy's kids and anybody else's kids. I'm going to run your ass over how do you
like that and your kids too.
Fraud scam. This is the American F and way baby. People are starving to death and we got people out there just like these golf tournaments raising hundreds and hundreds of thousands of
dollars for somebody not for the charity. The charity we throw a little boom. We give a doggy bone.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Yes. Hello. I'm speaking to you sir. Speak. Okay. Yeah. Just follow the mobile. I just wanted to give me a couple comments about this golf issue. Everybody's talking about. Yes. You know it's the only money that really goes is supposed to go to the club of her head fee and then they put a little bit of money the outlay for trophies. Yeah. And the rest of the user the door prize are don't even the rest of the suppose to go with you.
No, it does not. Most people just like to slow when you just begin to fall with something like that. That's not really what they're saying. Okay. But it doesn't it doesn't go to the shirt. That's the point I'm trying to make you today. Sir. Wake up your eyes. Sniff the panties. Sniff the flowers. Sniff the daffodils. Okay. It doesn't. That's what I'm trying to tell you.
Is that the people who sponsor these tournaments. I can't say all the time. But I certainly can say about this one and I have a feeling most of the time. It's a big come on.
And the law states and this is a really sad law to what a stupid law that is it ought to be 90% of the proceeds have to go to charity or 90% of the net proceeds have to go to charity in order to qualify as a charity tournament. Not a couple of bucks throwing them a little bone.
Look at this look at this response here today. Man, are these people care about it? Oh, that's why it goes on. They don't care. Like I said, the people who went out there. They don't give a crap as long as they got through up elbows with some infamous people that nobody ever heard of. That's all they give a crap about as long as they got to the screw up.
I don't like the guy said with the bosses money for that day. Unbelievable. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. 8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 on the Florida line. Here's Daniel. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. I'm from L.A. and lived in L.A. for about 20 years. And you have to go to the Great Western Forum to go see the lake is a lot. I think the problem out here is not only a South Florida to mix with a bunch of different types of assholes that don't care.
But to go to these games is very inadequate. The way the way the way South Florida is mapped out is the pain you have to try to get to any place.
Compared to L.A. Yes. That's ridiculous. Neil. L.A. has spread out 50,000 times more than this area. L.A. Well, that's true. But you can jump on the freeway anywhere in L.A. and get to where you need to go.
We're not talking about how many people showed up. We're talking about the behavior of the people who were there. They were there and they were in a coma. They're on a cell phone. They don't care. They have a passion for anything.
Well, you are sitting in South Florida, Neil. And everybody knows that I hear the people are just assholes. Yeah.
The way they behave, the way they drive is the way they conduct themselves. You're sitting in South Florida, Neil. And you know what? Me being from L.A. and being out here for five years is a lot of cause.
These people are floating around here like ghosts. And they don't care. They never will care. And I'm angry about it. But you know, my job has me here. I make a lot of money. And I can't go.
I know there's a lot of people. Well, there's a lot of people that say, want you go back to L.A.
Well, no, my job is here. And I can't. But you guys are assholes and you still need to wake up. You need to learn how to drive.
You're not going to wake up. They're not going to learn how to drive. You just just go with the flow pal. It's not going to change.
Yeah. You're absolutely right. This place has a beautiful painted picture, but it's not what it says. It is.
The death mail. It is not. Okay, pal. Thanks, Neil. God bless you.
Okay, one call left and a board. Then we'll get to the music. Okay, five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay.
Neil, we're the same age. We don't have a similar background, but I believe you for some time. And I think what you're talking about here is far as I talk on point with what you're talking about.
I'm as far as the charity is concerned. Why don't you get involved in something like that and run a tournament, run whatever and make sure the money goes to the right place.
I'm already involved in doing the center one campaign. I don't want anything to do with the golf tournament because I know nothing about them. What do you mean? Why don't I get involved?
I was motivated to do it. I raised millions of dollars. Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, why don't I get involved with that crappy game, which he didn't say crap with the s H is what he said.
And I agree with you on answer. You're absolutely right. It is a shotty game.
877 785 6345 on the AT&T. You notice not one person has got anything to say about this thing with you or Reno last night and explain.
And I'm sure we have plenty of people that were there last night, but can't explain for the life of them why we have these dead ass people.
Plastic that's the word plastic. They have no enthusiasm, no feeling it's like I talk about it to Panther games. The whole league is having attendance problems.
You should have seen all the empty seats in Pittsburgh last night. Mario was probably in tears up there. Not only that, but seen as team lose the game.
Thousands of empty seats at all the joints, but you know, at least you go to some of the places and the people that show up, they're into it.
Whatever they went there to see. And I keep asking that question. Why do you go? Why do you go if you just want to stand up and keep running around on back and forth and up and back and talk on your cell phone?
Why do you spend the money to go to these places and nobody will tell me the answer? Nobody.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. First of all, two things with regards to the attendance at the arena. You get a first one to say, what the hell does sports matter anyway?
I mean, what good does it return to your life? You sit there, you watch a game.
Okay, so you're talking about the people who went, sir. Why did they go if they're not enthusiastic about being there? Why did they spend the money? It's not okay. There's another guy that's got on his mind.
Okay, that seems to be the main theory in town this week is that life is full of sh, okay? Wow. Man, well, this is some week, okay?
Just when you've been doing this about 400 years here and you think that you've seen it all in all of a sudden the week like this comes in.
Max, you're right in the push. Whatever you said, pal.
You're hysterical. 1056 and 560 QA and the...
...WQQA and the...
...Fourth of a year!
Oh, baby, but play with my sloth. It's maybe hangin' down but you can take it long.
Hey, baby, come play with my sloth. Yeah, you don't have the sloth. I have a washcloth.
Aim into please when you're going down on me.
Oh, yeah. Where is his honor by upon your face?
Shoo!
You can't fall for my sousey.
Woo, here I come. The ruffles and the sousey.
Court, court?
Oh, yeah.
Who would you've died in now?
They did that. They did that.
Make it one out two of 560 WQ. I'm the home of the permanent handicap.
We got Hank Goldberg at Shoolers today. We got the Luke Shombie 6-A30.
The Panthers that I went to into play the Oilers tonight.
By the way, I got the hockey news which I don't want to get hockey intensive because that'll be the end of the show.
But they got the player salaries of everybody in the league.
And I'll get into that a little bit later on.
When you find out a couple of the people on the Panthers that are making very serious money and much more than they should be,
you might get a little bit pissed off. It never less.
So wait till you hear the rest of the story as Paul Harvey would say about four Myers in 770 over there.
WWCN now being called QAM West or whatever the hell they call it.
QAM, Jr.
Not only did George have this button in there because they don't want to pay a board of five bucks an hour or three bucks an hour.
They haven't been paying anybody.
The program director of that station.
Are you ready for this?
They're so cheap over there to be at least that the program director has had a sit there from 10 to 2.
Punching up this spot sitting around the board unable to do any other work with you whatever the hell he does over there.
Oh my god.
And the best part of it is George is pressing the button but it don't work.
Far's off the spot.
And Arkansas.
No, seriously. I'm serious.
I can't imagine.
I've known some cheap people in my life.
I mean, we both know Rimmer, you know.
No, no, seriously.
And he's not even in a league with these people.
I mean, he's Mr. Santa Claus compared to the we've all known people who are cheap.
But the beesleaves you are the cheapest, the most unconscionable bastards.
All the millions and millions of dollars that some of us are pumping through just this station for you.
God only knows how much you're making from power 96 and kiss and all your other goddamn horse ball stations and your funny below any religious stations and all the other crap.
And they don't want to spend three or four bucks an hour to put a guy down.
Get under just to sit there and fire the spots off.
And they have the program director sitting there.
How do you think bluff even a pussy like him?
How do you think he would react if Greg come in and said, hey, tough.
You got to go in here and press the spot every time he goes into a break.
What do you think you'd say?
Uh-huh.
Oh, well.
You might cry about it though.
Yeah, but he would do it.
You're right.
Pussy.
Good guy, but he's a real pussy, you know.
He realizes he's up against it.
And so do we.
Sydney, Australia.
Can this be for real?
Hello?
This is a real call that sounds like things haven't changed since I left.
No, sir.
They're saying they're even worse.
They're unbelievably worse.
I've been going since October 16th.
And I'm here in Sydney, Australia, living in breathing city with living, breathing human beings,
post line and everything.
And I said, I'm getting on the plane at 530 tonight.
And I haven't called Neil to put a pin in the map to say phone call from Sydney.
Well, I'll put a pin in my back.
How's that?
It does sounds like things haven't changed.
But I'm not going to ask what's going on.
It's beyond belief.
You wouldn't even begin to believe it.
Listen, Eddie, I called you about how long did it take to get there?
We talked about this from Los Angeles to Sydney.
The flight was 14 hours and 20 minutes.
And the flight back tonight.
Yeah, I know the flight back this afternoon, I'm leaving at 530 Sydney time.
And I'm arriving in Los Angeles, noon the same day.
It's a 13 and a half hour flight.
But I got to tell you something.
I know you said that you said the same thing when I spoke to you about a month ago or whatever.
Australia is pretty nice.
I got to say that the people are nice.
They're friendly the whole bit.
I mean, the scenery and the people are just tremendous here, but you're right.
It's a long flight.
But for once I wanted to see Australia.
Yeah.
You know, so it's as simple as that.
And I've been trying to keep up with what's going on back home.
I don't want to talk about it now.
I hear Walter Peyton died in a few other things.
I mean, the news here, you get it like three or four days later because of the time difference and all that.
Now, you don't worry about that.
Nobody on this stage.
And it's only supposed to be a sports station.
Nobody's talking about Walter Peyton dying here on this station anyway.
It's, you know, they're not.
They're talking about how Jacksonville is a nice team, but they don't cover the spread every week.
But other than that, nobody on this station has got much or anything to say about Walter Peyton dying.
Well, that's a shame.
Well, listen, I'm going to be back home probably in a week.
May I please please make a douchebag call to two people, Trans-Pacific.
Oh.
I know. You don't do it anymore.
I'm out.
I'll be right ahead.
Thank you very much.
I already and Buster, you are two Trans-Pacific douchebags.
Neil, I love this.
Have a safe trip.
Bye-bye.
See you.
Down under.
56670550.
By the way, this Friday, of course, I mean, I'm drowning in a sea of birthday cards here.
Remember the old days.
You remember the old days.
Maybe you do.
When the mail would start pouring in, you know, I'm beginning all these birthday cards from people in the audience.
They just, they don't care about anybody.
I don't think they even care about themselves anymore here.
They're so callous and cold and hostile.
November 5th, two days from now, I'll be 57 years old.
57 years old, of which 23 years, I've spent in this festering rotting place.
Fighting the good fights, screaming and yelling the good yell.
Trying my God damn best to wake up the, the walking dead.
Have I succeeded?
No.
No.
Put a little money in the bank, though.
Not enough.
I got a birthday card from my mother.
Got a birthday card from Craig Worthing with some guy's picture in it.
I won't go into that yet.
And that's about it.
Of course, it's only the third we still got two days to go.
You know, I bet you that mail.
I bet you when Carlos comes in today, he'll be getting a hernia carrying all that mail.
Happy birthday, Neil.
We love you.
Happy 50th Senate, baby.
You're still here.
Yeah, I'll be.
I'm going to add my yell this other crap.
Is that going to happen?
No.
No.
They just don't care as cold.
In spite of the climate here, man, this place is as cold as the Arctic.
Frigid.
You can feel it.
You can smell it.
You walk outside and you look at people.
You almost get instant freezer burn.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Morning, sir.
Are you okay?
A couple of things to cover.
I think you barely touched the tip of the iceberg on this charity crap.
Well, nobody seems to be concerned about that.
I'm concerned about it.
I'm concerned about it.
Years ago, I was working on a place where we had a bunch of those damn dumb ball machines in there.
Right.
And the guy comes in once a week or once a month or whatever to empty them out and put new crap in them.
And we got to talk to him one day.
And they line club charities or whatever the hell charity is.
And he says all they have to do is throw him five bucks a week or something like that and they're all happy.
And he's collecting like 25 or 30 machines around town.
And he's collecting like 500 bucks a week and he sends them in 30 bucks or whatever it is.
Right.
And everybody's happy.
I'm in a wrong business.
And if you are in the wrong business, you're in the wrong business.
I mean, it's not a question of conscience because when you work for this company, you couldn't have conscience anyway.
So that's got nothing to do with them.
I'm just in the wrong outfit.
Like that color about four or five calls ago, that guy, he hit the nail right on the head about the charity.
As long as they get two bucks or five bucks, they don't care.
And you can use their name all over the health half acre.
And number two, that cutleridge, Danny Lennings.
Yeah.
It's owned by a bunch of Palestinians or some people from the east.
Oh, yeah.
And we had a meeting there years and years ago.
Those people are soon.
They ain't got a chance in hell.
Why is that?
Because nobody.
We had 40 people in there and not one soul could get a glass of water.
Made a big need.
We were in that room.
Yeah.
It was actually a, uh, yeah.
We can't complain about the service there because there's none.
There's none.
Yeah.
We had a yacht club meeting there like the week before her can enter the plan.
Her came strategy.
Yeah.
And nobody could get it.
Well, maybe it's just a dummy Denny's.
Maybe there's not really any kitchen or any food back there.
It's just a one thing.
It probably looks like Denny's.
It's probably what it is.
The dummy Denny's.
People go sit there and wait and then they leave.
There you go.
So, you know, what the hell?
You have low overhead anyway.
Yeah, exactly.
Hey, have a great day.
And back to you.
I have to complain about the food costs.
What do you think they even have?
Maybe some of those mother hump her pine?
Uh-huh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
I'm a schmuck.
I mean, I guess I must be for an eye.
I never really gave it that much thought before.
But I thought that if somebody alleges that they're going to do something from charity,
then most of the money goes to charity.
Makes sense to me.
I guess that's what they're counting on.
Is you thinking that?
Oh.
And the rest of us too.
Uh-uh.
10 minutes after 11 at 5, 60, WDQM.
The fest of VL99, VD is fast.
Uncalable.
It's perfect.
It's perfect.
Hey!
Get him now.
It's fixed.
He can even grow his fuss west.
I'm appointed.
And four piers told.
It is the fest of VL.
A benefit for center one from 5, 60, QAF.
It's alive.
I am not a Nazi.
Yeah!
Wing it!
Long!
All right.
When the Nazis ring, they ring the four-pathed U-Canon.
Yes.
Now the KKK has good days because of U-Canon.
Yeah.
Yeah.
If you are yellow or purple or gone for the crown,
you'll be like a moose-to-leedy hanging upside-down.
You can lock in all your guns with half-impower.
But if you want to kill those lights, step into the showers.
And as your pre-basic gas and your rites are slipping away,
aren't you glad that you voted for a pack of all of it?
Half-you-canons and half-whole!
Oh!
11, 15, and 5, 60, W and 2, and I loved it.
One line in this story by Ken Rodriguez in the Herald Sports section this morning.
I'll read it again.
Miami Arena needed to be checked for a pulse.
Yeah!
This town usually needs to be checked for a pulse.
I come in here every day to last 500 years.
Checking if there are a pulse out there.
Do we hear a heartbeat?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
That line, nine, man, that's going over like Halivon Siberia.
877-785-Neil.
877-785-6345 on our toll-free line for the rest of Florida.
Including four Myers, by the way, where they're too cheap to get a board off in it or watch the show and play the spots.
That must be sounding pretty good, by the way, when you're hitting that button and it's like a board, whatever's going on over there.
We don't care.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, it sounds really bad.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Woof, one number.
Yeah, okay, thanks.
28 minutes and 35 seconds later.
Here's the mobile in Miramar. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to make two comments.
One on the golf tournament.
Maybe the QAM donated the money, gave the money to OJ to help find those Colombians.
Yeah, okay.
We'll call them next.
And the second thing is about the fans.
I take my son to the arena there.
And it seems like the people that walk around want to be there, just in case something great happens,
so they can be a part of it, but don't necessarily care about the substance.
You know, they seem like they can be.
In case something great happens, well, and that's what I mean.
I mean, as you went into double overtime, and most of the people were long gone by that time.
Well, it's like the same people that were at the World Series for the Marlins camp.
Those weren't the same people that followed the team all year long.
Right. It's just band-fagon jumpers.
Exactly. You have a lot of band-jumpers.
But let me ask you why, I mean, even forgetting if it's corporate seats and somebody else gave you the tickets,
why do you make the effort?
Why do you spend the gas money?
Why do you go there?
If you really have no interest, if you're wondering around in a hall, if you're talking on your cell phone,
if you're sitting there nodding off, well, what's the point of going out?
Nobody can explain that to me. I don't get it.
I think those people that walk around just want to be seen by someone.
That's a good point. Like these people are sitting in front of me at the Macarena in the hockey games.
They're not there to watch the game. Most of their thing, they're some of these people,
is to smooth with these other people.
Hey, and they're waving at people across the way.
It's like a social club, but they don't have any interaction.
They just hope somebody will be able to play that.
And you know, somebody spots them and say, hey, I saw you at the game.
Yeah. Wow.
They don't care what's going on in the game.
What a life.
They said, it's the same people that, you know, they'd rather live in a,
they live in a real big house with no furniture inside.
Yeah.
Because they want people to see the outside, the facade, but no presents.
Got them, I don't press.
No substance.
Okay. That's it.
That's a good point. Thank you.
We were there. We were there.
Yeah. And you want to, well, we don't know what happened, but we were there.
5607.0560.
Only 18T wireless line.
8777.785.0.
8777.785.6345 on a Florida line.
Is that line working today or what?
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, man?
Where are you calling from?
West Palm.
West Palm.
I just punched your line up. It doesn't ring all of a sudden.
I don't think I've hit the top at all.
Yeah. Well, how many times did it ring?
Not one.
It must be psychic, Neil again.
Wow.
I mean, it didn't even ring. You just picked it up.
That's unbelievable.
I'm just amazed myself sometimes.
Well, when you punch, when you punch it up, usually you hear a...
Or something.
And that's what happened.
Yeah.
You just picked it up.
I'll be goddamn cool, man.
Yeah. So what's up?
Anyways, a couple of things.
These people with the cell phones at the places, you know, you walk with...
You know, they're all serious, right?
You just get the high-end plates.
Yeah.
And they sit and talk on the floor.
It's like, who cares?
You know, everybody in the world has a cell phone.
I can see if it's somebody who's like on call.
If it's a doctor, if it's a paramedic, you know, you see these people that are wearing
the little beapers that are...
You know, that I understand.
And they rush out of there.
That's right.
Yeah.
But some other schmuck out there, you know, talking to his buddy, two sections down.
I mean, that's the epitome of plasticity.
I have never seen so many plastic people trying to impress us all.
There are like five-year-old kids that have got cell phones through their drug deals.
I mean, I like we're supposed to be impressed because some assholes got a cell phone.
And I bet you there's nobody on the other line.
That's what could be.
They're probably still about to have it up there with their lips moving.
Right.
Anyways, with charities, you know, I used to give people money on the side of the road and stuff.
You know, if they had like no arm or something, you know, they were a vet.
One day I pulled up to a light and the car in front of me gave this homeless guy a handful of
change, right?
The guy looks at the change.
He picks out the pennies, like maybe 20 pennies and throws them on the ground.
And it's like that, that did it for me.
Never again.
You know, they come up to the car, just wave them off.
Yeah.
It's like never again.
Nothing under a 20, man.
I'll tell you, I'll work for a zillion bucks, you know.
How about that?
I mean, I think they can't griffy, man.
What a douche.
135 mil.
Yeah.
And he wants to be close to his hometown, man.
He wants to be close to Orlando.
Here's another example.
Here's a guy loyal to the fans.
Okay.
He's played this whole career up there in Seattle with those long-suffering fans.
He demands to be traded now.
He wants to be closer to his home because they got its only making that kind of money.
Can't afford those long-distance flights, you know.
A bus fare home.
They can, as far as I'm concerned, they can all croak.
You know what I'm saying, pal?
They can always stick it where the moon don't shine.
No kids.
And have a great day.
Yeah.
How do you like my pickin' that thing up the way that was?
That was amazing.
God.
Psychic Neal continues to astonish.
Neal, God.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
8777785 Neal.
7856345 on our statewide line that I just picked up.
Cool.
I guarantee it'll be a dial tone now.
Stay at Tony.
Psychic Neal again.
I should open up one of those psychic things with me.
I'm going to go on business with Schrog Griffin and Shirley Twitters.
That's what I'm going to do.
Get out of this guy, damn crap.
Sitting here demeaning myself working for a bunch of grave-raving assholes every day.
What the hell was that?
What the hell was that?
Here's Pompano.
Hello?
Pompano.
Hi, Neal.
Yes, sir.
The sports franchises got what they deserve because they sold their soul the corporations years ago.
Yeah.
Everybody there is on somebody else's ticket.
They're on somebody else's dime.
It's a meeting plan.
They're killing themselves, man.
You're right.
They've shot the goose that laid the big one.
It's the same thing in the morning that the first thing I quit listening is just so long.
I drive 20 minutes to work.
I'm like, if I get two minutes to talk and 18 minutes to commercials.
And at the ball games, they layer the music so loud.
Every other thing is a commercial.
And inside the arena, it's so loud you can't even talk to your kids to try to explain.
And they don't give you five seconds rest either.
I mean, when the music stops for like two seconds, you think, my God, what a relief.
And then all of a sudden, just when your ears starting to air out again, they started up again.
And they're doing it at the Panther Games.
Oh, yeah.
Big time.
They got that thing cranked up nice and loud again too.
For a while there, they hit it down to a dull roar.
Now they got to crank that boy to loud again.
I take young kids with me to the games.
I'm trying to what's going on in the game and they can't even hear me.
It's just frustrated.
Yeah.
I'm going to go.
I guess that's all I'm going to.
Okay, pal.
Please.
Have a great day.
Here's a fact to George from Bysel Radio Online in Cape Coral.
It says Neil May or may not have these numbers, but I just heard him talking about Beasley's billing.
The next two pages are from Duncan's American Radio in 1999 edition.
And the show Beasley's billing in both Miami and Fort Myers markets.
I recently retired in Cape Coral after 34 years in radio.
I love Neil's show career.
Radio runs 10 to 2 every day.
770 joins your show in progress more times than not every week.
What why are you nodding your head?
Yes.
What is the reason for that?
I heard all kinds of horror stories.
I just wrote it off.
Well, why did they do that?
Because the previous show runs a...
They don't have a clock.
Apparently they can't afford a clock over here.
They have a hour clock.
The morning guy stinks and surely most affects your numbers on the side of the state's head and signs gene confidence.
Anyway, so here's the numbers.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Revenue for...
Oh my God.
Wait till you hear...
You're going to...
You're...
I can't read these because everybody in the building turn off your radio right now.
And you go take a dump or something.
I do have to pee.
Well...
You're not going to be very happy when you hear these numbers, okay?
The highest billing stations...
Number one is Radio Amor, according to this.
17.5 million.
Power right down the hallway here, which has an overhead of about...
Don't be trusted, I'll ask.
$50, yeah.
12.8 million.
EDR, 12.4 million.
QAM, 12.3 million.
To make a long story short, here's the combined revenue.
And what the...
Four Myers and Naples, how do they be building this much over there?
I don't understand this.
Oh, I see that's for the whole market.
I'll have to get to the breakdown momentarily.
I'm sure that that's the 778 Bill and much of anything.
No, I don't think it even makes the list.
But anyway, Clear Channel, which owns a whole bunch of stations, is you know, big and Y100
and wins and IOD and lose and love.
And what is that?
Smegmo, 0.3, 0.5 and Zeta.
All of those stations, they're coming.
The combined revenue, 52.5 million for Clear Channel in this market.
Number two, owning only three stations, kiss, power and this piece of dirt here, QAM.
Beasley, combined revenues of $36.5 million.
Oi!
These are the same people who won't hire a board out to sit over there on the board and
for buyers in Naples, Rermina, LAR and sit there on the board to punch up the spots.
These are the same people that we have to beg and practically get into a lawsuit.
We have to threaten to take the court to get that 800 line, which we still don't have working
right for all over America, which is supposed to be working to get any little piece of equipment in here.
We have to threaten, we have to jump up and down and the big cheese fans there, it says,
oh, we're not cheap, whatever it takes.
These are the same people that can't get the construction done here on the third floor.
That it's a three month project that's taken three years.
Thirty six million, five hundred thousand dollars in there running golf tournaments,
and throwing a bone of the charity so they can pocket thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars
of unsuspecting sponsors money.
And every time we ask for anything that might cut, how about that voice writer, how's that doing?
No. How about a little piece of, how about a computer in there so we don't have to reboot the phone system
every morning and have to go through this and... No. No, okay.
Thirty six, and that's only in this market, boys and girls.
It's 1127 at 560 WDQM.
The command is tossed four years right here on sports radio 560 QAM.
Only $50. I will give it to you.
QAM is not a happy place.
No.
It's a guy who can't grab the place.
Yes.
Where everybody hates the sight of your face QAM is not a happy place.
No.
It's a sink and big disgrace.
QAM is not a happy place.
Oh!
God's worshipers, Lula Vajay, backstaffing, repropeaks.
The equipment always breaks.
It's a hot and thorny place.
QAM is not a happy place.
A real depressing place.
QAM is not a happy place.
All calm down.
Okay. It's 1131 at 560 WDQM.
So anyway, you look at the Fort Myers market.
Now the station they were on over there is 770 WDQM.
They build their like next to last in revenue.
I mean right close to the bottom.
They only build 180,000 last year.
But, these also owns WXFB.
What is it?
WXKBFM in Cape Coral, which is the number one bill over there.
3.5 million last year.
They also own WJBX and WJSTFM, which between and build a million and a half.
So that's 5 million.
In a market where the entire revenue last year was 24.5 million.
Okay.
So among their four stations, they build over 5 million over there.
And still can't afford 3 or 4 bucks an hour to put a board op over to the press the spots.
Oh my God.
Not to mention of course can't afford to buy a suit.
That goes without saying.
5.670560, pound 560.
Happy birthday to you, Neil.
Thank you very much.
57 on Friday.
Cards are pouring in here.
Wait till I'm dead.
That's why the mail hasn't come yet.
You mark my words.
Carlos is going to be bringing in wheeled barrels full of it.
And cards too.
Here's Evan Tura.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Happy birthday.
Well, thank you so much.
Paul Harvey this morning.
Yes.
In Pennsylvania, small town yesterday, they had an election.
They, women that they elected councilwoman died last week.
There you go.
There's shipping up on the house.
Yeah.
Probably winning Tamarack.
I guarantee it.
That's it for me.
Have a good one.
Thanks for announcing the new mayor of sunrise.
Thank you very much.
Because he's ahead everybody else.
Proper up in the chair.
She's elected.
750,000 open lines at the moment.
5,6705,60,
pound 560.
See what I'm saying about these people?
They don't give a crap about anything about me about themselves,
about anything that's going on here.
And so Ken Rodriguez wonders in this article in the newspaper.
Why they were all there sitting on their hands.
They were just doing what comes natural.
Ken.
Yeah.
They were just kind of slumped over.
I like the guy said before they probably weren't even talking to anybody on the cell phone.
They were just trying to oppress everybody else.
Oh, look at me.
I got a cell phone.
I hate to break the news to even if schleppers in Italy over there.
They're all walking around on the streets with cell phones because it's such a novelty over there.
Is there a novelty here?
No.
It's a novelty like white bucks.
Here's a mobile in the Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
It's calling to touch, touch basically on this charity.
Not that.
Touch away, sir.
I know you've seen these Christmas tree places that support to be part of the JC's and the boy's gap.
Sure.
To track this back.
My family's in the Christmas tree business.
And what they do is they just make an agreement to use their name.
Same thing.
They pay them a measly fee to 300, 500 at the most.
And they're crickening thousands.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
What a scam.
Why do you know why the government is always sticking their nose and all kinds of other meaningless things.
Here's something that's important.
It's a fraud.
It's misrepresentation.
And the public gets sucked in thinking probably that they're doing something positive.
And most of the money released.
The big chunk of it is going to charity.
And it's a fraud.
Absolutely.
My family, we refuse to do that.
We don't want it for port to be doing something for somebody that we're not.
Right.
So we don't set up to do any of that stuff.
And these people don't understand the guy I'm going to buy it from the boy's gap.
We've got you're getting a couple hundred bucks at the most.
Well, I'm buying my Hanukkah bush from you this year.
Absolutely.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Thanks.
There's an honest guy.
Okay.
They're not trying to put one over into public.
Every, you know, I don't want to sound like jaded or something like that or naive, which I guess I must be.
But everything is a fraud here, especially down here in the home of Schlock.
Most of the doctors down here, Schlock.
Most of the lawyers down here, Schlock.
Most of the radio people you want to work with, Schlock.
Everything is Schlock.
Charity, Schlock.
And I'm sitting here like I'm surprised while I tell you for a guy my age, I must be really naive.
Yeah.
Sorry.
It's like they're thinking, oh, you think we're going to go through all of this work to raise money for these damn best I'm charity.
What we're doing is work to raise money for the goddamn joint here.
Yeah, that's right.
You guys, you're busting your balls out there.
We had to see these were all screwed up.
George is running around all over town.
We're not getting anything out of this.
I donate the first 10 grand out of my pocket to center one to get this thing started over here because these people are too goddamn cheap to put up the front one.
Did you get the goddamn CDs pressed?
I mean, I don't want to sound like a primit down of it.
But the number of people left in this goddamn world, it seems, that really want to do something benevolent just out of it because they believe in something.
You can count on the fingers of one hand.
God.
Oh, no, we don't give a crap about that.
That's just a hook.
That's just a hook to lure these people in.
And then we'll stick all this other money in our pocket here.
And then we'll cry, pour them out.
And on paper, we'll show a loss like this thing.
I'm glad he gave me this thing, by the way.
I'm hanging on the bus.
What do you think?
$50 per CD next year?
We'll split it.
Yeah, there you go.
By the way, the price of all our stuff, the CD and the keychain just went up to 100 bucks a pop, okay?
Twenty percent or one.
80 B.O. George and I split the other 80, okay?
Yeah, there you go.
I'll see you some other lifetime, okay?
After January, I'll be out of here.
Bunch of grave robbers.
$35 million they're building.
They act like they're a poverty-stricken.
Like they don't know where the next guy there.
Meal is coming from around here.
You ought to see the way this construction probably.
You wouldn't know what it'll laugh or cry because they're paying the contractor piecemeal, piecemeal.
Every time they get to guide them, spatula out there to put a little guide them, crap on a guide them, drywall there.
Oh, well, we haven't paid for that yet.
There goes the crap right back down in the old wheelbarrow again.
Yeah, that's right.
That's the way it works here.
One spatula at a time, QAM.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Fort Myers.
Honor, write a timeline that we're paying all that money for.
Thanks for waiting, sir.
I thought we were going to get a spy report on just exactly what is going on in that station over there, but I guess not.
$5670560.560 on the AT&T line.
$87778.560.345 on that line nine, which I thought we actually had a live one on there for a moment.
Excuse me for getting carried away.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
See you on that line, how are you?
Okay.
I agree with you.
I know those little canisters when you go to stores for whatever benevolent association or children, that's a bunch of crap.
Stayed out and away from those.
You saw all the stories, how's a big scam and stuff like that.
You know what, a scam is your insurance.
Homeowners.
I had a problem with that last Irene.
I mean, they nitpick.
I mean, I wasn't even here that when I'd hit.
I mean, I'd flood waters come through my house, damage my car, but damage my tile, knock down my fence, and then they say,
well, some of this is wind, some of this is hurricane.
I was like, what the hell is your guys' problem?
It's like they're giving it out of their own checkbook.
Like for eight years I've been paying.
They're all insurance companies.
They're very, very anxious for you to pay your premium, make your money.
When it comes time to pay any kind of a claim, man, all they got examined with a fine tooth comb and sent out 20 different adjusters.
Adjusters?
But these adjusters, they think like I'm taking it from there, freaking wallet.
I mean, I paid two grand a year times eight years, that's 16,000 I paid.
And they want to give me like crap estimates.
I'm not asking to be better than I was, just put me back to how I was.
And that's another, it's just unbelievable.
And it's, they don't care.
And it's like, here's a chain, what are you doing?
You got to fight them.
I was damaged tile the guy puts down to clean it.
I'm like, you idiot, this loose tile from water.
What am I going to clean it?
Tom, tell them to clean this.
I told them to...
Yeah.
I went to write out and tell them to clean this.
Hey, how's that CNS stock doing?
What is it?
Did you use that CNS?
Oh, that's in the cracker, yeah, I forgot about that.
I told you a few weeks ago, Cree.
Absolutely right.
Cree, CRE.
CRE.
Okay.
Check it out.
Don't give me started on the stock market, because that's another deal we got down here,
speaking of Schlock.
I don't want to get started about that.
Okay.
Oh, boy.
What a place.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 20 to the moon.
We got Hank and Chulis today.
We got the books through at 6.
Panthers that Edmund today, 30 and 90, interested in that.
No, yo, man, we'll start with you.
Got some of Schlock's books.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Don't we need Bill Bradley?
Yeah.
He brought them 60 pounds.
Played for a basket for a ride.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Yeah, we need him Bradley.
He's gonna win the race.
Yeah.
People love him cause he is an Alpertor.
Yeah.
Did I mention that he is an Alpertor?
He played for the mid.
He doesn't borrow sick.
Yeah, we love him cause he is an Alpertor.
Not Al Gore.
Not Al Gore.
Not Al Gore.
Yeah, he's not Al Gore.
I'll say it one time more.
We love Bill a lot.
Mostly cause he's not boring Alpertor.
Well, don't you love Bill Bradley?
No, don't you love Bill Bradley?
14-kilnoons at 560 WDQAM, 560-705-60,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Kindle.
Hello.
Open hill.
Yes, sir.
I just want to wish you a happy, happy birthday.
Well, thank you so much, man.
Those cards are just pouring in here.
Well, I can't mail you a card cause I'm driving around
in a tow truck right now, but I wanted to touch base.
I want to find out a little bit info from you real quick if I could.
Yes, sir.
So, your best speedy in the past, is any of those contains lane stuff?
Yeah, but you went back on the first one, 92, I think, one of the first ones.
Well, if I can't find it, one of the stores, then I'll go beat somebody up for it.
Well, maybe center one is got it, you can call in.
Okay.
Okay.
And a long time listening to you, I've turned so many people on to you,
and they just, I mean, everybody loves you to death.
Well, I can tell today that this week I can, I can feel it, you know?
Well, don't take no crap with any charity organizations either.
You know how it is.
You get my dollar, or any goes to the charity, the rest of it goes in some well-being.
Well, George and I do have five.
We're in the break, George and I decided we're going to start doing that next year.
I think you got to share it.
We're starting our own charity school.
At least that way George knows he'll get his bonus checks.
That's right.
Have a great day, pal.
Mail, take care.
We love you.
Thanks, Apal.
All right.
Well, there's a guy that still loves me.
How do you like that?
There's one.
I'll tell you, they're so tough.
Man, they are so tough.
They're brutal.
They're impossible.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah.
Next year it's going to be for the benefit.
What all do we expect to, you know, my good friends at center one?
We've raised a lot of money for them.
But we're moving on.
Now, the NRJR fund.
The near-wide-rored George Rodriguez fund.
The retirement fund.
Sounds good to me.
And we're going to be working feverishly to pedal these things next year.
Oh, yeah.
Listen, NRJR is going to have him inspection borders and shopping malls.
We'll be out there in our spirit time, pedal them on the sweet corners, too.
And merchandise, boy, we haven't even seen this.
We're going to come up with all kinds of stuff.
That's right.
In fact, for the right price, we'll both come to your house, right in your face.
Not just the button, but we'll do it right there for you live.
Any flavor you like?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50.
Seriously, I don't know what it is this week, man.
It's just one of those fast-to-quees.
These people this week, man, I could give them $1,000 a piece and they still, nothing will get to them.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Same boring stick every day.
And thanks for listening to a 560 QAM.
What have I always told you about guys like that every day?
Not just like, you know, every day.
He's got to emphasize, same boring stick every day.
Thanks for listening religiously every day to Neil Rodgershoew here on 560 QAM.
There's another one of our famous misfits in South Florida.
Another one is wonderful people who make life so pleasant here in this town.
Not somebody who can reach over and turn the dial or somebody who can diddle himself for four hours in the middle of the day every day.
Or do something you might actually enjoy.
Same boring stick every day.
Yeah.
And I'm glad that we're entertaining with it, sir.
Let me just ask you this seriously.
What are you going to do when I'm gone?
When I leave here, what are you going to do then?
You'll be so crestfallen.
You'll probably have to, you'll probably be calling 411 and 911 and 1111 every 15 seconds.
Because you won't know what to do with yourself.
Same boring stick every day.
Like, have we ever talked, by the way, about charities and about ripoffs and charities before ever since I've been on here?
No.
No, because this is the first time that I really realize anything about it.
Because I'm very slow and very naive, I guess.
First time I've ever come across this topic, sir.
But it's the same boring stick every day.
Which is why you're glued to the goddamn radio with your goddamn Elmer's and LaPage's glue.
Am I correct?
Uh-huh.
Thank you.
Point and V, cello.
Good morning, Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
Uh, I'm sorry. I am a woman.
Yes, ma'am.
Uh, I...
Are you going to have to be a sorry, your woman?
Some days I am.
Uh-huh.
You're going to have it easier sometimes.
I discovered you by accident on the dial about six weeks ago.
Uh-huh.
What?
It'll have to be an accident because we get no promotion.
No, there's no radio column down here.
There's no coverage.
No, that's right.
There's nothing.
That's right.
That's nothing.
Correct.
I, uh, after I wiped up all my coffee off the counter from laughing to death, I would like to thank you very much for being a lone voice of sanity.
Yeah.
And I would not want to be the last one to wish you a very happy birthday.
And you probably will.
Please do not leave South Florida.
Uh-huh.
Don't say that.
Many of us down here are transplants.
Uh-huh.
We are not accustomed to the walking wounded.
Walking dead.
We need a voice.
We need someone to let us know we're not the only ones out here.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
And if you do go someplace, please let us know where it is.
Okay.
See ya.
Take care.
Say goodbye, please.
Goodbye.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
877-785-0, 785-6345.
Here is we do the same.
Oh, I love those calls, man.
I love them.
I get sexual excitement from those calls.
Every single day, this man is listening four hours a day, five days a week.
When George is on, when I'm on, when we're off the air, when the test pattern is on, he's glued to it.
And like I said, happy birthday and F you, Neil.
Thank you.
The walking iceberg, notice out Florida.
You can smell it.
Here's a mobile and opalaka.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Happy birthday, Neil.
Thanks.
26 year old sports and opalaka.
All right.
I have a birthday last week.
Well, happy birthday.
Thank you very much.
I got two questions for you.
First of all, where can the key change also be found at Specs?
Now, only our appearances, which the next one is a week from Saturday, the 13th noon to 2 with the specs on,
and the US one down by the Gables.
Oh, okay.
How are you, William?
Good deal.
And the second question, I have, you know, I do a little part time bouncing on a South Beach.
I live the Florida most of my life.
And I look at these people and I have to ask, is anybody care?
They don't.
Anybody care about nothing?
You know, the only thing, this is anybody's broken care.
No, they don't.
The only thing they want to do is give you a venom, like this other guy, you know, venom.
Just spew it at you, you know.
Whether you deserve it or not, whether you know, peed on their parade or not.
They just want to spew their venom.
My wife hates you like poison and she says, oh, well, you know, it's one of those things where I just can't help it.
I listen to it to see, I shut up.
You like it.
You love it.
She likes it.
I love you.
Happy birthday.
I hope you live another 57 years and thank you for all the last, thank you for all the memories.
And slap that picture down a little bit.
Okay, God bless you, sir.
See you in the church.
I'll pray for her.
All right, take it.
Bitch.
Not him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
Maybe we're getting the dress for the specs down there.
I mean, I don't want to put a lot of pressure on Brian or the nephew or anybody like that.
But maybe we're getting the dress.
I mean, it's on South Fixie Highway.
They're right across from the U of M.
The specs down there in the Gables.
That's where we'll be a week from the Saturday.
They'll be Saturday November 13, noon to two.
And we'll have the keychains and the CDs and the cassettes and the t-shirts and all this stuff.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Me?
Yes, I am.
Happy birthday, dude.
Thanks.
We love you out here.
Oh, I can feel it, man.
I'm just showered with it.
Well, you know, like you said, about 90% of your audience doesn't call in anyway.
Like my wife, my wife's a closet listener.
And every time I make a statement about something, she knows exactly where I got it from.
I mean, you open all our eyes about religion and this and that and the other.
Yeah.
The charity things of scam.
I got a business in about once a month.
I come back from lunch and there's a sort of small dining machine, you know, like the chewing gum or something in my lobby.
And I take it and I set it in the back.
So it's, you know, it is a scam and you got to watch out for it.
Who picks what's going to be on the belt of CDs?
I do.
You do.
Yeah.
How did you let that farmer's daughter get away?
Hey, that was an oversight.
We'll have to wait the next year.
So it's going to happen again.
Okay.
I'm out of material.
I'll play it for you.
I'll play it for you in a minute.
Thanks.
Okay.
Yeah, it was an oversight.
Okay, it's one of those things, but guess what?
Even I make a mistake now.
And even God isn't perfect.
Okay.
After all, he invented screw in.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Nail on the Florida line.
Which is just smoldering, man.
It's smoking.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Nail.
Yes, sir.
I just moved in town from Iowa.
I just happened to catch your show.
Uh-huh.
I wonder what it's all about here.
I mean...
What would it mean what it's all about?
I mean, do you just cut down everybody or...
Yeah.
Do you have a purpose out there?
Yeah, I just cut everybody down, including people from Iowa.
We're not too crazy about people from Iowa.
You're kidding me.
No.
Oh, well...
I'm saying people from Iowa.
What's that?
I said people from Iowa generally turn out to be, uh, you know, cornpones.
Oh, well.
Okay.
Well, we do supply you with a 22% of the food you eat.
That's why we're all dying from it, too.
All of the disease, corn.
All right.
Although, the cornmon-induced cattle that we're eating, oh, killing us.
Yeah, well, you're lucky.
Nothing like a great steak from Omaha, though.
You're lucky.
That's not from Iowa.
That's right next to Renebreu.
What is it?
You're lucky you're not getting that Med Cow disease.
We could enter to...
I don't think they had Med Cow disease.
And I think it was in England last time I checked.
But yeah, it's the same.
It's Europe, you know, those Europeans.
Yeah.
They're all the same.
They're all animals anyway, yeah.
Okay.
Well, listen, welcome to South Ford.
I'm glad you enjoyed the show.
Yeah.
It's interesting.
No doubt about it.
There you go.
See, even though you don't like it, you find it interesting.
Well, I just find the commentary a little bit funny at times.
Yeah.
Well, that's the idea.
You know, when you're down, you'll discover when you're being here long enough that you love this show,
because getting a good laugh here is not easy.
Really?
That's for damn sure.
You'll look over that.
Yeah, I'll probably neighbor it.
Yeah, I'll probably neighbor it.
I gotta keep my eye out the window to make sure.
There you go.
Like I said.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, listen, you have a great day.
Take it easy.
Okay.
56670560, 0560.
See, he hates me and he still likes me.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
Same old stick, dude.
Everyday.
Everyday.
Oh, God.
If I had a dollar for every moron in this town, I could buy it.
I could buy the whole God damn place.
Four minutes, still known at 560 QA.
Kim Colcapper, talk sports.
Here we go.
I'm sports radio 560QA.
How do you care?
He's my heavy boy car.
Tell.
There was no farmer who lived on a rock house.
I didn't know that.
Oh, just shaking his head.
Some boys who were down by the frick.
There being the water.
There ends on their marbles and play things and add half past four.
Their people, young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the
grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white
fluffy darts. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they
would not spend. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, Reptus and Lair from yesterday's
house. While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the
dot. He looked like a man with a side of her home in the country with a pig fence
out front. If he asked her for lightly, she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject
to bits. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so
quick. And then she bent over and sucked out his candy. So tasty made up butter
sky. And then he spread with cream all over her cookie that she had left out on her
shelf. If it exists there, you can go yourself.
But both do at 560 WQ AM home of the walking dead. Here's an article, a boozy Aussie
spend three and a quarter billion dollars on Gondja. How do you like that, Mon? Sydney,
Australia. We had a call from Sydney, Australia earlier than they. We're not too big and
date and proud, but we're very big in Sydney. Australia's reputation as a nation of big
drinkers is going up in smoke with recent research that's shown that there is a vast,
untacted expenditure on marriage. We need like that researchers at the University of
Western Australia's economic research center have found that Australia and spend almost
as much on illegal Gondja as they do on their beloved beer and twice as much as they do
on wine. Expenditure on marijuana 1995 was a little bit over 3.25 million US said researchers
can clements and merold derriol, whatever it is, what it is the name is. The estimated
Gondja expenditure was equivalent to 1% of Australia's 1995 gross domestic product and
represented double the expenditure of on wine and three quarters of the money spent on beer.
They also discovered that the more a marriage of winy they smoke, the less booze is drunk.
How do you like that? How do you like that? Are you grave robbers out there? Maybe that
just might be one of the reasons you don't think, do you? You think that might be one of the
reasons that marriage of winy the wicked week continues to be illegal in this country? Just
like the reason we don't have casino gambling here in South Florida is because the special
interest over there in the Bahamas and the grave robbers like Mickey Harrison and his gambling
ships want to make sure we don't get it you think that might be? Yeah. Of course we know
about all those marriage winy intoxicated drivers, all those accidents. Don't we? Everyday.
All the time. What is the statistic that is? Yeah. Yeah. So booze good, weed bad. Just
remember all your kids out there. Booze be good, weed be bad. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the
AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, Neil. Good
on two things real quick. Number one, did you hear about major Alexia Penga? Being named
as yes, we did. Number two. Number two is this Neil. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday
to you. Okay, thank you. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. We want to welcome
that new guy from Iowa, our new listener here on QAN. They load boring crap every day,
pal. You won't be able to turn it off. Same old boring stick. I'm telling you, I get
I get twinches in my rectum and I get a call like that, especially when he emphasizes
every day, every hour, every day. What do I want to let you down, pal? Here's the plantation.
Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, I like to. Can't hear you, sir. I'd like to make a comment
about the charity. Yes. Last week I went to the movie co and before the movie they come
up with this little screening about charities and everything and they pass a bucket around
for you to pay money. It's not like the theater can cough up any money for yourself. They
kind of make you feel guilty by passing this money. I would tell them something that rhymes
with bucket. That's what I'd say. Can you do me a favor? Well, I actually wanted to tell
you happy birthday. Thank you. I wanted to know if that's the longest of the favorite,
but anyway, if the Rocky 4 and 5 is that on your new CD? Rocky 4, you mean Mumble 4 and 5?
Yeah, that one. No, I was too new. Can you play that for me? I sure can. Okay, thank you very
much. I have a great day. You too. God bless you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got 700 open lines.
Here's no waiting. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We're talking about crooked
charities today. Finally got to the bottom of that goddamn golfer and then fight out. It's
a shame to myself being so stupid and naive thinking that a whole bunch of people around
here are great robbers to begin with are going to put in a whole lot of work just out of
the kindness of their heart to try to raise money for charity. Oh, what an asshole I am.
I want to confess. I'm an asshole. Okay, there's a lot of assholes running around on the
loose. I want to confess right now. I'm a big, major, embarrassing asshole and I'm
embarrassed by it because all of these things are just an excuse. They throw a little
couple little bones over here to this charity or that one and they make a big solid
answer. Like I said, the government needs to step in because it's fraud. It's government
sanctioned fraud is what it is. Here's a mobile in Marguerite. Hello. Hey, I've got another
fraud for you and I'll hide it on happy birthday. Thank you. Mother's against strong driving.
Yes. They're fraud. They're crazy people. I called them up once because I lost the job
for drinking and driving. They didn't care. They don't care. I want to say it's the same
boring perfection. Every day in the year, every day you're the same perfect. Perfect
answer. Right. Not at all. Yes, I have. Perfect announcers. I'm an asshole. I'm a
entertainer and I've listened for over 15 years. You're the best of the best and I wish
my AM radio came in clearer. Thank God bless you. I wish you were on FM. Thank you.
I wish you were on a real radio station. I was talking in my room at yesterday who were
there. They moved where he works over there for the state up to commercial Boulevard. They
can't hear the show inside. They all used to listen inside here every day because they
work for the state. They're sitting around on their ass. I used to listen to the show.
Now they can't hear it all. I get it like that every day. Can't hear the station. Can you
imagine the numbers we get working on to make believe fan of radio station like this?
If you're on a real radio station like FM or something that somebody could hear. Of course
when Greg Reed came to me, one of the many stories that he told me, Fables, Tails, Lies, was
all, well, you know, we can go 50,000 watts. Yeah. But that would cost a lot of money
or they're going to spend the money. No. No. Just another lie to suck me into and
it ties me to come to work here for I'm make believe God and nickel and dime a horse ball
company. 5, 6, 7, we got 65,000 open lines here this hour 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60
on the AT&T line. And you wonder, I'll say it again, Ken Rodriguez, you wonder why they
were sitting under hands at the basketball game last night. I can't move in this week for
love or money. I've been doing it fairly well. It takes a lot of effort on my part every
year for 23 years. But this week, man, this is the end. They refuse to get off the dime.
Screamin' and yelling and prodding and whipping and kicking and branding would have gotten
branding iron and still they can't get off their ass.
I want to bang you in the butt, honey. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambo 4 and 5.
Oh, you. John Rambo's still alive. I want to make movies 4 and 5. My life ain't going
great. I'm a Hollywood's joke. Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came
in 82. That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew. Rambo 2 was in 85 late. Rambo
3 was in 88. Show it. Show it. My God, I did not make this movie with my son. In
the middle of the night, I got to have another movie or Broadway show like Jenna Jean. I
guess nobody had this plot caught on him. It was too good to get to understand. My whole
life is about to cave in. Oh, I got left in the center of my life. Ladies and gentlemen,
I need to make Rambo 4 and 5. So, call me up. I really need a script. I can do not
allow or keep it. It's a delight comedy. Action. Adventure and drama. The only thing I will
not do is have sex with a llama. So, give me a break for goodness sake. I used to be
at Oprah and now I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one man show and put
a couple of things on the screen. I got to get a little bit of cash in. What I need.
I got to get a loan from Apollo Queen. I got to have another movie or Broadway show like
Jenna Jean. I guess nobody ever saw a couple of them. It was stupid. So, I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in. Oh, I got left in the center of my life. That's why
I need to make Rambo 4 and 5. And I hope you're absolutely.
Well, 15 at 5.60 WQAM. So, anyway, I'll just take 30 seconds on this because I know that nobody
out there cares about it. But I do. So, the hockey news this week has got the list of all
of salaries every team in league for this year in US dollars. Panthers, Pavel Burry is making
8 million this year. He's averaging 10 million year in the contract, but nevertheless
8 million. Second highest paid on the Panthers is Robert Svela $3 million.
$3 million. And then after that Scott Melanby and Rob Needamire who between the two of
them so far have got one goal. Melanby 2.4, Neumar 2.3 million. Almost 5 million
dollars between the two of them so far, one goal. Chris Wells making $484,000. How many of
you people on the audience would like to sit in the stand and a suit every night and get paid
a half a million dollars to see him to do that. And last on the list, and I can't imagine
why Peter War L is the lowest paid Panther player, despite of his popularity with the fans,
because he's a goon with a G, a lowly $290.00. The big black guy named Peter is only
making $290.00 and Chris Wells, who usually is sitting in the stands and will be sitting
for the next four games suspended. Thank God. Four, half a million just under. How do you like that?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's four Myers. Hello.
Yes sir. All right. Get off that speaker phone sir. Hold on, hold on. Yeah, get off that thing.
I want to say about the point. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. 877 785 Niel.
877 785 6345 on the Florida Line. Here's a mobile in four-loader deal. Hello.
Hey Niel, happy birthday. Thanks. Same old stick every day. I said, but we're going to miss
the first good thing of his career by cross checking to name. I'm sick of it like fist fighting
rather than going eye for an eye. If someone takes a cheap shot on, they're always the first
to get into a fight. They've been trying to fist fight Lingerles for six years and he's
picked them to death. Yeah. Yeah. I guess that was it. Okay. Thanks. Let's check.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. This I'm telling you this week, man. I'm playing
music. I really am. There's no point. I'm not feeling all that great. And you know, I've
totally this for years every year right around my birthday a little bit before and like, you
know, luckily after Friday, maybe things will come back to earth. But right around this time
every year, everything in my life turns to crap. In the last couple of weeks, both of my
dogs have been at the vet. They're okay now. Thank you. Do they care? No. But nevertheless,
they're both fine. I've had this crap, this elisteria, whatever I got, which I can't quite completely
get rid of for three weeks now. And then of course, my garage door, the opener breaks
yesterday, the electric opener is the framishes out of the thing. That thing is screwed up.
I got a thing in the backyard that's leaking now. One of my faucets is a ferro faucet.
She's leaking all over the yard. And then we got these people this week carrying on like
like their dog died, something like that. You're just all your brutal man. You're unbelievable.
I got news for you when I write a book, which I will, I will write a book after I hang it up in about six
months about this place. And it isn't going to be a pretty picture. There have been some people who have been
very nice to me here over the years. The audience has been very supportive in terms of writing it down in diary.
We've had all those big numbers. That's great. You know, as far as it goes. But over and beyond that,
it's not much, man. Not much to make you feel like a human being.
Because unfortunately, this isn't, I've told you this before. It's not just a line that I use. It's not
going to live their lives. This is a place where people go through the motion of living a life.
There is nothing happening here. This is the end of the universe.
Just look at the map at that drooping thing that's hanging right down there in the Caribbean. It's not a pretty picture. Believe me.
And we're right down there at the tip of it, right by the head. That's right. Right by that diseased part.
Oh yeah, right where the mysterious all gathering on the head.
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil. Hi. Yes, sir. Okay. Happy birthday to you. Sure. Thanks.
Listen, anybody tell you when you came here that what goes on around here is in the water, man. Don't drink the water down here.
Yeah. That's what puts all these people in this stupor that they're in. Well, that's that splans it.
That's it. That's what it is. I was from the charity business there.
Remember that guy that was had some thrift stores or whatever that was supposed to be donations for churches and this net.
I was going around and pocket in the money. Right. Go to the swap shop and selling this stuff.
Mm hmm. Start out of gorgeous house up in what is it? Rat mouth flowed up there. Yeah, rat mouth. Yeah.
Oh my god. He was bad. He came by my house and got some stuff one time. I swore to go. If I ever swore to guy again, I was going to blow him up.
Anyways, I'm coming. You don't have a happy birthday. Thanks for the suggestion, by the way. Yeah, I don't drink the water. Okay. Thanks.
There's an idea for us. There's a good scam. Yeah. And we'll sell the stuff to our friend Preston up there at the swap shop.
We can hang out with him and sure Nick. 5 6 7 0 5 6. No, seriously, I'm going to go. There's no point in America and being legal.
I'm going to go into something illegal. I mean, I'm making some pretty good bucks, but it's just too much effort to make it anymore.
These people make it a hundred times harder than it ever used to be. It just not worth it.
When you can just go on the internet and do a scam, like the guy with the eggs, you know, this fertile.
This guy turns out it's a whole scam. I wasn't even going to read this. Somebody faxed me all this crap pages and pages of it.
Pages and pages about this guy whose name is. What the hell is his name? Ron Harris.
And the whole thing is a scam. 5 million people went to this site because you got all this publicity about the egg fertilization thing about this, you know, beautiful kids and models actually outshin off their eggs.
And it's a scam just to put these seductive pictures on there and then to turn them on to these other members only website where they have to pay a lot of money to join it, set them and so on.
And this guy's raking into though the big bucks. That's what we need to do. That's where these scams of the future are. Believe me. I mean, there's a lot of money already, but the big scams of the future are on the internet.
And since we're already on a gambling station that's pretending to be a sports station, let's just start our own offshore gambling thing while they're on the internet starting today.
And we'll take your visa master card, whatever you got checks cash anything you got. We'll take it. Let's go to go to cyber casino go and you can play the game.
Yeah, you can play blackjack slots, craps, take a crap right there on your goddamn computer. And we'll take your money and we'll see you.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
And Neil. Yes. The man, the myth, the legend in his own mind. Listen, I got two things I want to talk about. One is the elephant to the white.
The elephant to the if you look on the back of the buses, you'll see the advertisement. The Alice, Intel Institute. Yeah, something like that. Well, it's a donation place that they give all the stuff to the Jewish kids or whatever.
Well, on Passover, they go to the jail and they give concealed the fish and grape juice to all the prisoners. Yeah. And that was that material.
Okay, great. Thanks. Okay. Let's go to a Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I'll put you on. How you doing? Okay.
Hey, my God, happy birthday. Thanks. Listen, I only got as a shame with request. I'd like for you to play a couple of joins for me. No, five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60. We're looking for verbal intercourse here. They were not looking for request. Okay. I mean, after 23 years, we're looking for some people that got something to say. Okay.
I realized that's a very difficult assignment. But stop and think about it a little bit. Stop and just ponder the question. Do you have anything to say about anything in the world? Anything about anything I've ever talked about anything that's going on in your life, which probably isn't a hell of a lot.
Sir, sir, I'm delighted that this is the week that we're on at whatever that stupid thing is. What is it called at Egor was talking to me about all access to the whole world is listing this week, which, you know, I mean, for me, it ain't going to make any difference one way or the other because we're going to go with this advanced stage. Okay. I got about, you know, six weeks left and I'm out of here anyway. What do I care?
But I think it's great that the entire universe has an opportunity to get a to get an earful of what I hear every day for the last 23 years and what this town is really all about.
And it's unbelievable. It's mind boggling. It's staggering. Here's Boka. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, I never, I never really understood what you meant about banana republic down at Miami. Yes. I tell you, well, I was driving down 95. I don't know if you've seen it.
But the men he crossed in the day, counting 95 is a big billboard. I don't know what it means. I don't know what it says. It's a billboard. Oh, that one. Yeah. It says banana republic dot com. Yeah. I swear to God, it's as you get the big county big orange billboard. Yeah. So that's all I got to say. It's a fashion statement for Dave County. Yeah. I think so. I think it's a really banana republic truth and advertising. Okay, pal. Thank you. Yes, it is. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 8.
TNT wireless line. Here's the call from Naples. Hello.
Neil God. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just really wanted to call my hair. You ragged on everybody. What would you mean by that? Well, just, you know, I just wanted to say that I apologize for the entire human race. I'm embarrassed myself.
For what? Everybody's a lack of intelligence, lack of maturity. You give people the form to call.
It's not even looking for intelligence or maturity. I'm looking for something for anything for a response or response. It would be like if you took a like some defenseless animal and you battered it over the head and with a baseball band. It just lay there and look at you. It's that is screaming. You're yelling or saying, you know, something just no response.
It's pathetic. I'm just I'm sorry. Me too. Hey, I'm saying how do the beesleaves, by the way? Any quick question? I'm going to be sure in the spent all the 35 million from this market wisely.
Yeah, it's a guy in the months on. Just one more thing. Where's my burn and amp these days? Where is he at? Where's he playing? He's playing in where the hell is he playing? I don't know somewhere on a West Coast.
Whoever it is, a San Jose. I got a prayer for them then too. Shameless required. He played in San Jose. Well, I just remember when he was with Detroit and San Jose. The worst joke. Yeah.
So I'm shameless required. I'm pretty good. Yes. The many uses for the upward. Okay. All right. See you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. 877 7 8 5 Niel 877 7 8 5 63 45 on the Florida line. 12 26.
Wait up with the first team. Your road. Get the parts and see Goldstein. No.
We'd be more in the six only on court radio 560 Q. A. F. The mover. Out the moon.
Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word. Out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F.
Because the only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word. Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love.
As most words in the English language is derived from German the word. Which means to strike in English.
Falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of verb for instance. John. Surely. It's meaning is not always sexual.
It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the working work. As part of an adverb. Surely talks to fucking much.
As an adverb. Enhancing an adjective. Surely is fucking beautiful. As a noun. I don't give a fuck. As part of a word. Add so fucking loosely or.
In incredible. And as almost every word in a sentence. The fucking. The.
The. You must realize there aren't too many words with a versatile of your. As in these examples describing situations such as fraud.
I got. That they use car. This may. Or. Trouble. I guess I'm really. Now. Aggression. Don't. With me buddy. This missile. Why don't you go outside and play hide and go.
I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly.
You. Amen. 1232. A. So anyway we got a plumber that's going to go by and fix my leak. Okay. I got a leak. Now all I need is a garage door person to come by and fix that.
The garage door. Huh? What would be wrong with that? That would be very nice. These candies by the way you can't stop eating them. They're really great. Thanks a lot Alan.
He likes to watch. So the mail just came in Carlos just brought in a whole pile of mail in there. How many birthday cards I got in that bunch? I saw that the thing that this that came in. What's that? Is that a card? It's a birthday card.
Well it's a card of some sort with my name on it. It looks like a birthday card. Oh my god. It's another birthday card. 23 years on a year here in Miami. Here comes my first birthday card here to QA in this year.
And I still got two days to go. How do you like that? Wow. Man. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Yeah. Hey Neil. How are you? Pretty good. Real quick. I just wanted to say happy chivalis. And I want to let you know that. You know, I think that you've been absolutely incredible here in town. Your material was absolutely incredible. Yeah. And I've enjoyed your show. Okay. I feel though at this point you're probably a little unhappy with your surroundings. And it's starting to show you.
Yeah. Oh, at this point. That's right. You seem to rely on this taped material more than you do your your wit really. Oh, in other words, this is a critique of the show. This is happy. But I'm critiquing the show. It's my. I don't play anymore tape material. Now that I ever have the format of the show hasn't changed in years. Well, you're playing it going into the coming out of the. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. We never play one going into a break. Ever. Never, never, ever. Wow. And that case thing you filter it with calls. You rely on the people. I mean, I don't know. I'm not. I'm just not. I'm just not. I'm just not. I'm just not. I'm just not. I'm just not. I'm just not. I'm just not. I'm just not. I'm just not. I'm just not. I'm just not. I'm just not
Well, what would you like me to do, sir? Would you like me to do a monologue for four hours every day? Well, would entertain you since you're obviously still listening. And you want to tell me what a wonderful job I've done? What is is that I used to do that was so great that I'm not doing now, sir? What is it that I used to do that was so entertaining, but I'm not doing now.
The bird was a hand sure. Yeah. Okay. That was only what, 85 years ago, the bird. Uh-huh. Yeah. That was good. Thank you very much, sir. Thank you so much. Yeah, the bird was interesting.
You're relying on these bits too much going into that we play them going into the bit. Oh, no
See that's what I'm saying. I mean you know problem at all so all the shots you want
I'll take the check twice a month and this is what this town is all about
They never met a person that they didn't want to attack no matter how much you do for them no matter how much you try to
Whether to tell them no matter how much you try to go to bad for them
No matter how much you take on the politicians the establishment the guy they're a little Cuban whatever the hell it is
This is what you get in response a big
That's an ES that's what you get
And I got news for you folks after all and this guy's right the surroundings here see it a pass
It probably because I'm used to it
But it bothers me more now because it's one thing if you're working for a radio station that you feel is like behind you a little bit
Not like a whole lot but like a little bit even the Paxon people much less the cops people that went without saying
But even the Paxon people then you say okay. Well the audience it is what it is. They are what they are
You know like like like Michael said about Vincent in Godfather 3 you are what you are, you know, I'm not gonna change you
Well when you're working for people who are like in league together here with their little conspiracy
Putting their little heads together who've been playing their little cops and robbers
Injury here for years in this place and when you haven't got a Chinaman's chance in hell a break into that God damn steal wall of crap
And having people really do things in a professional way and do things for you that ought to be done
Then it becomes extraordinarily you're absolutely right sir even though your material was way off and you really couldn't follow through on it
But you really have hit on something you got your finger on it. That's right. You got your finger in it
Like I said it would be one thing if you had the enthusiastic audience and you had to pay you know
One or the other but when you don't have either one
Then it becomes a thousand times as hard and you know what I'll still take the money twice a month. How do you like that?
That's right. I'll still take it straight to the bank
I consider and play god damn monobony records four hours every day and get paid the same
There's nothing that says I got to do with talk show. Oh you relied too much on this and a car and this and how about bringing back the bird?
No, throw the bird okay?
We'll give you the bird in fact. I'm giving you two birds right now. Okay? Just look into the speaker in your radio
Here's one on each hand. Okay. There's the bird for you asshole. I
Got your effing bird right here right in my hand
Yeah, you're relying too much on yeah, I'm waiting for somebody who might have something to say that's why they call it a talk show asshole
Here's Miami hello
Neil yes, sir. Yeah, she don't get worked up. Do you know? Okay, never do I?
Got a question for you on hockey. Yeah, I know your fan. Oh boy
I've watched some skate against Detroit a couple weeks ago. Yeah, so I'm beat the islanders. Yeah
What is the problem going on the road with those guys? I mean, I mean too much booze
Too much booze too much booze
Yeah too many late nights what in Buffalo and
Buffalo game
Yeah, Ottawa after that and
I'll be honest with you this you're after a handful of games like this
It's really very hard to tell you know
They got too many guys on a team that unfortunately are under achieving that aren't doing anything like Kabasha and the Vorack again and Victor Coslo
There's just too many no shows on it the team right now
Yeah, well, and they keep waiting for Burray to do everything. I got news for it. There is no team anywhere
Even Yager who so great and had a big night for the penguins last night
No team can rely on one guy to do everything or you got real problems
Well, why is that that they rely on Burray?
Well, you have to have that they don't know good
They've got good lines without him in there like one like they got Ray Whitney and Mark Paris like I said before the season
Who are the other goalscores on this team? Yeah, besides those three guys who are the other people that are productive?
Yeah, there's not many other are not any that's it like I said before five million year for Melon
Be a need of mar between the two of them they have one goal so far. Is that a mental thing?
I mean you play at home you play good and you play on the road you play bad I mean
He's in there
Sometimes you got to suck it up and play on the road and play good. Yeah, well again like I said the other guys that you're talking about
Haven't been producing that home around the road and have a great day sir. I can't wait to stay up four times
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's the leading Coral Springs. Hello
Born Compleanos in Yolte see
Listen to your show this morning. Maybe you feel so much better about actually leaving
Florida
I'm moving back to Washington DC. I've been here nine years congratulations to you and
I'm counting the days to let get others fortunate but he's not just sinful town
I had and like you I've traveled a lot I lived in Europe um
You know, I don't know I think the weather was the only thing
They kept me here all this time and now it's just not enough
And when you talk about the level of professionalism that you deal with I mean you know, it's just so different in other places
Shlok that's the word that I said before
Everything you deal with here is schlock. I'm actually it's radio doctors. You name it everything is schlock
I mean you find that you know professionalism is a standard in other places not just you know a fluke
And so I'm very excited to be leaving and pack it up my house and listening to you and I started listening to you back during the
OJ trial
And I've really enjoyed it and it's been lots of fun and you're
Hopefully I'll be listening to you on the internet too. Excellent. Okay, best of luck sweet earned. Ciao
Bye-bye. Ciao. How are you? We've been there too
Oh boy, there she goes. Another nice lady sounded like a real nice person but she's getting the hell out and who wouldn't you know
When the opportunity strikes when you have the right moment who the hell wouldn't with a brain larger than a p
ball bearing
21 till 1 at 560. I love it, Tom. Man. I love every second of it here. You know what I'm saying. I love yeah
Hi, there's Bill's infrared
The other WQAM.com for all the latest dolphins information and your chance to win great prizes playing beat the broadcaster
4th radio 560 WQAM
This station stands for nothing
All right
We don't tell me what's all tonight
We don't tell me about third watch
We don't tell me about free
Indeed
Don't talk about any of the new show
Except the new one on five
And I know that jay more rock want to see action
Thursday good night action
I'm dirty and true
If you don't like it then you are a
Oh my god, I wish I could make that sound you were like that like that wait till you hear right there
We've got a birthday card. That's the good news the bad news. Oh my god. I just I want to kill myself
Here is a birthday card two days ahead of time no less. Okay. November turd
I open it up with the greatest of expectations like maybe it's you know
So like some nice list they're out there who you know took the time to send their very best
They're even worse than the case maybe
Congratulations
You did it
In fact, it's not even like a birthday card. It just looks like some cardie at a lane around somewhere
Congratulations. You did it. Whatever that means
If I could tell you who this is from
Let me give you a little clue. Oh, man. This is from Patrick Beary
A couple of weeks ago somebody sent me a copy of this grotesque this pathetic
This tragic
Apology of a poem that he wrote for OJ
He says what so much controversy still going on about the subject of my annexed verse
You may wish to bring it to the attention of your radio audience at this time already dead Patrick
Already said he's an asshole. Yeah. I'm a member of the poets of Palm Features and a regular at the poetry readings and libraries and bookstores and bokeh
Where I've recited the lines about our tarnished hero
I just don't even understand to ease my aching heart and my breath. I don't even understand what this means
What if the neighbor shunned me in a few friends stop by your call?
It's good to be back home again, but I still dream of the cool. I mean, this is just
Kakka
God
It's pure crap. Oh
And he includes a copy of the poem again in this picture and his phone number and his shoe size
And his god damn a couple of kudis in here too. This isn't even a birthday card
Look at it. It's like one of those cards you have sitting around look at that. There are kudis on it. Look at
Jesus Christ one got loose
He writes on here best wishes on your great ratings and happy birthday
You're the tops happy birthday. Don't be blue. I've got good news and it's true
Who's the top name and radio neo-roger's that you oh?
I'm gonna dump right in the chair. You got to do a Randy right here
Oh
Takes my breath away
Goes to show all your kids out there. You can't have your cake. You need a tool. Okay
You can't get a bunch of birthday cards and expect it to be like from a real person
If you do get a birthday card ever in your life just be happy anybody cared enough to send it to it
And don't be picky that it might be from somebody like human
Here's a call from inverness
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm not gonna hot-kichon a comedian
Yesterday, I believe what you're talking about the bible people were calling about the bible and all the religious freaks out there
Yeah, I gotta just say something you know
I think the whole world has like mixed up the bible has nothing to do with god
Nothing. Yeah, what they're talking about is you know
They're they're replaying maybe a story that's
Like 2000 the years old. I don't know what those people were seeing. Maybe they were seeing UFOs
Tresher or whatever
But I don't think it was god
Uh if there's a god he he created the universe. He I don't think he wrote the book. Yeah. I just don't think he
He wrote it. I don't think the people got it. Well, where is he now? What's he doing these days? Haven't got any idea
But I don't think he wrote the bible and I don't think he the bible has anything to do with him. Yeah
But these people are thinking you know, they think otherwise
Well, you can't really separate the two you know because the people everybody believes in their own god
And each god has got his own different Bible. You see yeah, I'm trying to separate
That's right, but I mean if you think about it, man
You think a god who created a universe is gonna come down
That's gonna gonna he didn't come down. He just sent like a telegram the most
And then he said to my federal express he's gonna get down the most holy story
Old Testament
Of those tablets he said take two in the commune in the morning right
Yeah, you know if you recite the old Testament to somebody said oh that don't count
That's that book don't count they go to another version of the bible that counts
I never got it. I couldn't understand well. I don't want to get it have a great day pal. I'll pray for both of us. Okay. Thank you
Oh speaking of that look who we have here. Don't take any bullshit on this right
Hello
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday to
You happy
To you happy for him and that too. Yeah, thank you so much. See at least you care enough to send you very best
I didn't know I
That's right in November 5th. No, everyone everybody else forgets
So I mean it's not a big deal when you get there
We don't want to hear about birthdays anymore. I'll be 57 this Friday
Which is a very very advanced stage especially to be doing this kind of working out
Never
Will be two days before and where did they somebody told you it was supposed?
Yes, you was there out of their mind. No, well, they're getting ready for next year
He said happy she was it's next like saying happy
You know, that's not the next spring but it's never too early to say happy poem because then you go out and get them still home in fashion
Well, how have you been? Well pretty good about it. I haven't got the new pair of glasses. Yeah
And that should be our biggest problem, you know
Yeah, and I had the metal frames that they killed me
So I got the plastic planes there you go
Well plastic is good down here because we have a lot of plastic people so it kind of fits right in
Right? Yeah, well, I'm glad I get new glasses, you know, it's like I said should be our worst problems better and have it hemorrhoids
Yeah, yeah, you're right. Absolutely. Okay, Neil. Thanks to millions of best of everything and don't forget don't take any bullshit from it exactly
Yeah, Ryan Zagazone
You too. Bye-bye. Well, see she's very nice. There's one of my friends out there that we have left
And that's about it, you know over the years the kind of dwindle and they wander away and you're like old news
And of course I'm relying too much on those comedy bits that we play going in and out of the brakes and it's the
Just a tack a tack a tack. We love to attack. Go ahead
Be my guest. I enjoy that. I can't tell you like I said sexual excitement
Which is kind of unusual here in Florida because they're in too much of that golden brown
But I get sexual excitement. I get rigid. I get turgid just when I get those calls. It just makes my day
5 6 7 0 5 60 and of course on at line 9
Let's see if that thing is working here, huh? Oh, it's working like a charm
877 785 Neil on the Florida line you wait till I thought this week
We're supposed to like toward the end of the week get that working for the rest of the country
Is what was supposed to be toll-free from all these Indians the people we got listening on the audio net all over the
goddamn country isn't that what it's supposed to be supposed to be is our crack program director on top of that right now
I bet she's on top of something
Here's the mobile in high a Leah hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir first time long time buddy. I think I'm much our material for you here, man
Oh, then happy birthday and I'm smoking a big one. I want to get
That song going there. It's a month to join. We'll work on it pal
Thank you for your time. Okay, and watch out for those ash trays
Yet only those pin joints in the ash trays all your kids out there because you're gonna go to slimer minimum 25 years
That's the new deal
They find a pin joint they find even a pin without the joint 25 years no questions asked because that's the American effing way man
Who's that's okay
That's all right because we get a lot of tax money from it and all those booze people that contribute a lot of money to those politicians
So booze good weed bag just keep that in mind. Okay, so just pour some goddamn
Scotch into your bong there and forget about that goddamn wicked weed. Please before it's too late
Here's the mobile in pepper pine. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
Just wanted to let you know I had a radio accident about 15 or how many years ago it was when I stumbled across
Was it the war of the talk show host battle of the talk host? I love the talk show host
That's when I first heard you and I've been a loyal listener ever since all right
And I just wanted to wish you a very happy birthday. It won't be able to call you on your birthday
Oh, it'll be it'll be jammed up here on Friday. Can you imagine that but you could leave what then 12?
Jammed up, you know, hi hi
I heard all four hours of your 20th anniversary the Larry King call and everything
And I'm just calling to say happy birthday and thank you for all the years of entertainment and you're welcome
And thank you so much. Okay, bye-bye
How do you like that? There's a good guide and have a lot of material
But he just wanted to be a nice guy realize of course we have to question that when you're in South Florida
What is a nice guy doing being a nice guy down here? You know what I'm saying? What's that all about?
Right a lot of people wonder about those people
Got some nerve being a nice guy mister
5670560
560 on the AT&T wireless line can't wait for you
We have a big birthday cards and I'll come at you Friday
screw and she'll be sending up something special probably a bigger plate of crap
Just stay the hell away from here screw and don't darken this door. Okay, if you know what's good for you sweetheart
The stay of the hell away
That's my best suggestion if you want to hear my worst suggestion maybe I'll give that tomorrow
Here's West Palm Beach hello
Can't hear you. Oh, there you go pick it up. Yeah, yes
With speaking to that things or speak up speak up. I'm talking to you. Yeah, I can't hear you
Well can you hear me now? Yeah, yeah, speak it to things that is a hole for it
Neil
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's go to
Miami hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil how you doing?
I'm a long time listener by the way. I am a nice guy and happy birthday. Well, thanks
Um, I'm down here coping a growth convention center. We're doing some work
I'm with the above all garage Thursday and I happen to hear that comment of it about your garage door right and
You know, we're at your service whatever time date whether it be Saturday or Sunday. We're at your
Disposition really and we'll give you a free estimate and
It's not it's not a big deal. It's just the you know the belt that
That's the motor the belt that goes through the motor correct
It just comes loose from the frame as you know the thing that lifts in the lower the garage door
Absolutely
It's not a major thing. It's just like a little thing. Okay. Well other talks are fully equipped where they'd be the bell with
More controls on springs whatever you need whatever time you need it. We can have it stuck at your home
Outstanding hang on a second. It's original take your stuff. Okay. Thanks. Thanks a million. Thank you
Okay, it's a bubble. He started to say give himself a plug and I put him on hold above all of something
5 6 7 0 5 60 you see I come in here that is one of the good fringe benefits
You've got your plumbers and your uh doctors and you're this and you're then of course the doctor situation has been a little bit on the end
I know
I'm gonna go see doctor Bob tomorrow about this listeria
Just hangs on of course it could just be the flu like everybody
I know seems to have this and it seems to be pretty much going away although I'm not quite not a hundred percent
And of course if they do that blood culture and turns out to be listeria
Then I can file about a 20 million dollar lawsuit against the subred hot dog people and maybe if I come up
You know I'll accept two three million and then I'll see you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's 12 56 here at QAN
QANs got the code
Writing 5
Here on sports radio 5 16 QAN
Oh
That's one two three four five come on over honey now come and take our drive to my big house and chastlet claw
We can both get juic and maybe a little time on the wife's on business
She's up for a week. I might get hit in the candy source time to cheat like I've stretched
My dog so there and see so you remember little Billy you're reading
Tarot pizza. It's gonna be a while time at my home in New York
Just to me the early teens like sports. I'm zip my glass. I'm good
Coming over honey now blow on my trumpet a little bit of Monica in my glass
A little bit of Monica without my wife now a little bit of Monica
What I see oh she's far away
That's really great a little bit of Monica's what I need
A little bit of Monica
That's my only a little bit of Monica here I am a little bit of you on my happy land
102 at 560 WQ and we got Hank at the shoelace today
It is Wednesday isn't it Wednesday and we got the Boogs to 6A30
Panthers and Edmonton to play the oilers tonight and let's see if they wake up tonight
I think they're gonna wake up tonight. No come on. Let's get with a little more optimism. Please a little more enthusiasm
560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line and line 9 is wide open air listen to this
Here you go the Florida line 877 785 Neil 877 785
6345 the calls are pouring in from Fort Myers. No Naples. No Port Charlotte. No Sarasota. No Tampa. No Orlando. No St. Petersburg. No Gainesville. No Tallahassee. No two eight. No
Here's your field Beach. Hello
Your field Beach. Hey guy. Hi. Why are you okay sir?
I'm not a complainer but I gotta tell you something this morning coming over from
On the soccer this first way. I got caught up in traffic of course brings a try
Traffic didn't let up for about another three miles into the open 441
But here's the thing you figure be a big accident a problem and I got day
We're putting sod on the median of the highway
At 815 the morning right smack in the middle of
A hundred hour right that's not you imagine that I mean who are the ass and I need it to make in the decisions for us
You know open style has to have you know
I mean the DOT is it already eating crap. I mean I see all coming like true
Troopers just sitting there trying to keep people in line because
Having prepared that I don't want to be a little work is it got miles to be
So I mean that's all I wanted it. I knew you the only guy that was gonna have to get all of my job. I listen to your pilot to bunch of app
That's right
So Florida FN way man good luck to you. All right, buddy. Who's here?
Of course, it's like when I wait till November
You know like right about not to start the big construction project and start carrying the roads up real big time
They really get going heavy duty when the season starts you know when there's like all these out of towners these snowbirds come back
That's always a good time in Ornstein. Excellent job
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We had our the thanks for calling lady call to they wish me a premature happy birthday
Which was very very nice
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi happy for me. Happy birthday. Well, thank you so much
You read something yesterday Neil about archaeologists finding that
Things that's worth biblical history. That is correct
That was really fascinating. What did you read that from well? This was it was on a wire services
It was all over all the papers over the weekend this particular article was in the Saturday Toronto star
But it was it was in all the papers including local. I'm sure so I could find that in yesterday's Harold
No, not yesterday. I would say like either Saturday or Sunday. It was in all the weekend papers
Israel's history disputed excavations the bunk biblical conquest or is the Israelites were never in Egypt
There's no there's no archaeological evidence that they were ever there at all
Wow
In addition to which as opposed to being this gigantic kingdom which the Bible claims there were just a small tribal kingdom of sheep farmers. She perters
That's so yeah, I'm really happy looking at it. It's great and this is not some
You know anti-Semite. This is one of the leading archaeologists that in Israel. Jewish is they've heard some you don't know his name do you?
Zev Herzog
ATR ZOG
ATR ZOG is in zebra
Right
Okay, okay, I appreciate you. Okay, good luck. Bye. Bye.
Yeah, it's a great story. I read that yesterday. We get any comment on it. No, of course not
I
Mean I've been doing that for a hundred years here. You know reading very fascinating things
You think people have a whole lot to say about it. Thank God for this lady anyway. She finds it interesting
I want to look up a little bit more about it
But it's a whole lot easier to say Neil why are you afraid of God like that guy to call yesterday who's called with the same god
Then verbiage 60 thousand times at least just this year
I'm not afraid of God. I'm just afraid of assholes like you that don't have a life
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a call in four Myers. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, I
Neil I was watching one of those
Incipient morning shows this morning
Not that Brian Gumball man. He makes me none
I like to beat these little glasses. He wears. Yeah, I like him. I like Katie
But I wonder if he's okay, but I can't stand Matt Lauer. He makes me feel sour Matt Lauer
Sour Matt Lauer. Yeah, I wonder if you heard the story about the kid in ponder Texas
Who over I guess last last week
Had a like six or seventh grade kid the teacher gives an assignment to write a creative writing assignment write a horror story a horror story
Yeah, what do you write about Kathy Willets? Yeah, then this kid writes a story about he and he's in his other kid
They got some guns and they're they're messing around and they kill a couple of classmates
Shoot him to death and they get the laugh and so hard the gun goes off
They accidentally shoot and kill the teacher
Well the teacher be in no fool she gives the kid a hundred and some extra credit and takes it to the principal
The principal takes it to the DA
The A gets the cops to come out and get this kid and they taking the jail for six days
Right the interview the mother and the mother says well she wanted a horror story. She got one
Yeah, yeah, well meaning what meaning that
No
You know the rest of the kid for
Hey, I got a score just like the thing in Cleveland. I mean everywhere in America
They're so uptight and sensitive now that kids better start getting the message that it's no laugh and matter anymore
You know what I'm saying you don't laugh about these things
You don't joke about these things because they're very very sensitive and uptight
And there's you know you can say that they're being overly cautious, but you know big deal
But the mother was just like not sure on about it. Yeah, you know, like well, maybe she ought to be a god
Maybe she ought to be fixed anyway, so she don't reproduce anymore
Yeah, I like to teach you though given a hundred and extra credit
And get me back okay
Anybody have any idea what he was saying? No, I don't I don't get it five six seven oh five sixty pound
Of course he's in four buyers pound five sixty on the 18 t line eight seven seven seven eight five nil eight seven seven seven seven eight five six three four
Fourty five on our Florida line on our very very dead Florida line, but why should they be any different from anybody else
Eight minutes after one of Qion
In theaters now from the director of the six cents it's the eight cents
Yeah me too my pudding tastes like Alan front well my pop tire tastes like
Please not said yet. I know, but I still taste like him though the eight cents showy now
My popcorn tastes like tamila leaves old implants whoa let me have some
113 at five sixty WQ a.m five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t line
We got the Humper from shulas at three at the two whatever now he's gonna be on two o'clock
And the books to be for the hockey game eight thirty night from Edmonton baby your panthers and the Edmonton oilers
Can you feel attention? Oh can you feel the excitement? No, you hear all the tremendous response. We had about those salaries. No, no, they don't care
Here's mommy springs. Hello
Hi Neil, this is your old friend
Are you listening? Oh my god
I have to respond. Oh my god. It's Mary Lou. You said it. How come you're in my name?
Strangely. Did you move out? Hi, Leah? Uh uh uh uh uh uh that's okay. Uh no. What do you mean? I gave a fake one to George
I said well, I'll send you a note one day
I hope you have many more happy birthdays, but I agree with the lady who is going back to Washington DC
Yeah, Florida has
Different offices. I have calls. They are rude. Yeah, they are not purdied right and no perfect
I'll add another state
To one who is better than Florida. Yeah in courtesy and professionalism
New York
I have yet to meet a rude person in New York. I have been there twice only from New York
But the ones that are in New York the ones that stay there. They're pretty polite. Don't either. Ruins came right
Right
I love it. And I may be there for good someday. Really? Uh huh. Okay. Well, I'll send you cards from across the time
Thank you. I'll be leaving it about three weeks. I think
Really wear to um
Rochester. Yeah, I'm moving to Rochester. No, are you kidding? No. No, I'm moving to do you retire? No, no in three weeks
I'm getting out of here. I don't want to be me. Oh pack me in
Okay, be Mary Lou. Yeah, bye bye
Wow, Mary Lou used to be from Haley and she's not getting George phony. Yeah, I'm the plumes
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We got three four hundred open lines there for you waiting no waiting
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello
Mobile in West Palm going once
Going twice. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello. I'm Mr. Rogers. Oh, are you okay, sir? I'm Jamaican. Well, nobody's perfect
Couple of my bodies are here for British cops. We get into this thing real big. Yeah, and they never hear this dungeon music
You play well, that's the way it goes man. So I'm listening. Please we're gonna tape it
So should you play for us please? No, by the way, I got a book in the mail just now
The really added states postal service exposed no letter in here. No, not the weathered
But it's certainly looks pretty uh, I don't know and it's written by a guy named Harry
Yeah, look at that. The guy's name is Harry
Oh
Let me say it again. Oh, that's his last name. Corey the well, you know
And of course if I wrote a book like this, I'd probably want to be anonymous too
The real United States Postal Service exposed adultery disparity favoritism lies and fraud
Sounds like who I am to me is what it sounds like. Yeah, especially the lies in fraud part. Oh fraud. Yeah
Like that golf tournament. Yeah, like that
We don't know fraud
Oh
Look at that. Oh, here it is. No one on the inside. It says please read my book cover to cover it
Clearly shows how the post office treats its employees and leads to violent situations
That can easily be avoided. Please help me stop work related violence. Keep up the good work. Thanks as always Harry
He says zero tolerance can be achieved the real US Postal Service exposed adultery disparity favoritism lies and fraud equals
Violence is what it says and it's kind of like a thick
Look at that almost 400 page book here
Would a picture in the back of all these dead postal people. Thank you very much. Harry
I'll be reading this any second now. In fact, I'm gonna take the last 43 minutes and just sit back in a chair and read it to myself
What what what's wrong with that? I got some music. No, I'm not music. Just don't know just the sounds of Neil reading
That's my new format now. Yeah, well, you know, I would settle the same old crap all the time like these people are bitching about
Something new and different just the sounds of Neil reading on here and every now and then I'll come across some real
Oh boy, look at something interesting
You know when I like you moat to it and then we'll do the break because I'll be really care about who's getting the spots on
I mean that's like our bosses. What would you rather hear those guys are the spots
That's a great attitude to take when the like the listenership is dropping precipitously
That's a good way of trying to cover up your deficiency and the fact that you're destroying your own radio station
Because of greed because you're sped up. Where's all that money going? It's not it can't all be going to John Henry and Wayne
Hi, Penga
36 million a year
Must be going all the big paid people around here like George and Joe Costello and Tommy and yeah, oh those people Donnie B
No wonder Donnie B's got that out of yeah, I know he's wondering you know when you start making all that much money
You're starting getting real psychotic about it
He was probably like a very ordinary easy-going guy until you know it complicates your life when those big paychecks start coming in right Donnie B
right
Here's Fort Myers. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm probably not gonna be a nice guy, but I want to wish you happy birthday
What do you mean you're not gonna be a nice guy? What does that I want to not agree with the two ladies? They called about you know people being rude
In Florida. Yeah, probably you're in for Myers. Yeah, I know, but the problem is 90% of the people that are rude or from up north
Yeah, there's not a lot of Florida and left. Yeah, so
We're not talking about where they're from. I mean we don't ask there are shoe size and yeah
No origin would just intermingled with him every day
Unfortunately most of them are either rude or incompetent or a flock or a combination of all either above you're right
I just you know just like what she said you can't complain about the professionalism down here because there isn't any
And no, you picked a professional matter what it is and you'll find schlock man. I mean just up the a schlock
Well, I like I like your same old stuff. I love you. No, I do too, man
I enjoy the same old stuff, you know
Well, I just want to say that and wish you a real happy birthday
Bossy turned out to be a not such a bad guy especially from over there have a birthday pal say and color beastly
They suck okay, thank you. Yeah, you suck these ladies you suck you suck you suck you suck
We hate you like poison
In spite of the fact you got your super spy over here again. What's his name again for the second day?
And I'm always running around here often just all Bob the move. Yeah, mr. Mr. Ranger nearing hot shot who also was a snappy dresser too
By the way, yeah Bob the move
Bob Vermuth is that what his name is Bob Vermuth
Yeah
He's running around here like we're supposed to be so impressed and you better get the food out of the studio and air any other studio because
Otherwise, he'll go back and and snitch on those guys to the beastly when I heard that yesterday from these macho sports guys on the worst team
What a bunch of pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy that's all you guys in there man
Gildi and D-fo and and big head all those guys man
Have to bring that whole big tray of sandwiches in here
6000 median otis which were very good by the way they were from
But anyway
Because they're afraid that the Bob the move is gonna pull back and snitch on embo
I mean talk about elementary school
Elementary school
That's the kind of level that we're operating here on a qm with us 30 some million dollars around through this place
And of course the big question is
Who's getting it where's it all going
Here's Boka hello
Yeah, why wait three weeks won't you leave now? Oh, why don't you leave now? Here's another one of these guys, okay?
Yeah, why don't you leave now
5 6 7 0 5 50 because I don't want to make you happy okay pal
I want to make you miserable. I'm gonna stay forever
I'm not even gonna be tiring three years. I'm gonna stay until I croak right here on a year just to make you miserable
So you can listen every day and squeeze yourself when you hear this out of my voice. That's why sir
And have a nice day
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach hello
Mobile in West Palm are we having a little problem in West Palm there? Yeah, Evan Ali that guy's got his finger up his back
Don't you can huh or maybe his boyfriend's one or the other
We seem to have a little epidemic with that guy
Are you there hello? Yes, sir? Are you a mobile in West Palm? Yes, sir. Okay happy birthday. Thanks
Like I he can leave now. Yeah, no, we don't want him to leave. We we he's not going anywhere. He'll be here every day
Good anyway, I want to make comment about the charity. It's like the child support. How much does the kids really see?
Now walk their patent family now they're doing something they're sending a gift now
There's no way of scamming any money off the gift you have to give it to the kid right? That's all I'm gonna say
I love me okay. Thank you
So I still would like to know this is supposed to be a sports station. How come yesterday?
We got 20 hours of sports program on here one of the great athletes in history Walter Peyton died
We're not talking about some marginal golf guy or something like that
Walter Peyton and I'm expecting to hear all of this said the conversation about Walter Peyton on it
Did I hear any you know I wasn't listening in sessionly but every time I tune in I kept hearing gambling talk
You know about this team is pretty good, but they don't make the number they don't cover the spread all that crap
Gambling stuff, man. It's it's piss ass boring. It's terminal God
Walter Peyton dies 45 years old a young man a tragic death
And it's that having some clash and going on at length about his tremendous achievements
What a great guy he was and how his nickname was sweetness and because he was such a super guy
So classy what am I hearing about a bunch of
Degenimate gambling garbage again
Gambling garbage. It's gg is what it is. We're changing the call letters WGG gambling garbage
God
It's just astonishing to me you can rent a goddamn room in the holiday in for all the chronic compulsive gamblers out there and stop wasting the goddamn juice on here
That's gonna be our new model for the year 2000 by the way stop wasting the juice. Oh, man
Here's North Miami Beach hello
And you know I just want to go you know that I've been filling up my own breeders cup for Greg
Read the past couple weeks
Every time I have a personal moment with my hand I put it in the cup and
Someday someone's gonna cut off his hands and he'll never be able to have sex again. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 pounded on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. I'm here. Oh
Screamed about thank you, but why are you screaming? I don't know. It sounds like it's a line when I was on I was like oh
Right now just calm down pal. Calm down. Listen. I got it. I got an idea that it's gonna make you a million
Okay, I'm ready
Yeah
Okay, okay, open wide pal. Open wide
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami hello Neil. Yes, sir. Have you birthday? Thanks. Maybe I'm fired up. Yeah about you. You got me into hockey
Yeah, I saw the the panthers against the islanders the other night. No, that was pretty good game. What a game?
I was psyched up. Who's that number eight guy Warren? What does that? Warren. Yeah, Peter Warren
He was he was
He was he was why did only keep me in about 30 seconds and it take him out. Yeah, because he's dangerous
He's a violent guy. Yeah, well, that's it. That's it. No other than average
You saw that game where we had all that great
Buray was great and Whitney and parish and that's what stood out in your mind was the guy that was named you don't know Peter Warren
Well, it was six different. It was a high-score game right? Yeah, exactly
Not many games like that constant action. I love it. I'm good. I'm going back. Thank you. Okay. Thanks and say how did that guy?
Warren whatever's name is you know any black guys name Warren no
See what I'm saying. It's hopeless. I could do a survey there. All right between periods
I think that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to take a little note pad or maybe a little cassette recorder
I'm going to go around the Macarena in between periods of all the home games and I'm going to ask people questions about who's on first and who scored that goal and who did what and who's that guy out there now and
And you know what the answers are all going to be
Where's my t-shirt? Where's my t-shirt?
Wow
It is scary boys and girls. So you can blame me for all of this. I'm not the one who invented this. This is the way it is
I'm just to be porter you can get all upset with the messenger. That's just the effing way it is
Just like Ken Rodriguez says about the heat game last night the season open and no less
Miami arena needed to be checked for a pulse. What a great line that is it needed to be checked for a pulse the
Announce crowd of whatever which it was obviously a lot less than that they arrived late and left early
During your game that was a double or it's like the apantis you know get a game that goes in overtime all about 4,000 people leave
But they don't understand it's going on overtime. It's four on four. It's going to be exciting
Somebody's probably going to score it. Uh, oh we're going. We'll see you. But why did you bother coming? We'll see you
And you kind of wondered
Oh
What were they doing here? Why did they come? Why did they waste the gas?
But you had a good point before and that's because you know, it's something
There's nothing else going on. It's something. It's just to get out of the house. Just a little stale air even anything
No, it's seriously all that noise that racket that they have going on it
And you know just so they know they're still alive maybe
126 and 560 WQM
The sports leader
We have the leader
4th radio 560
Q
A
M
It's
A
In my early childhood
As 560 WQM
How are you? I'm Tommy from Tai Tommy. Came for the best Thai food and a best service
As long as you're not black, come on down to Tai Tommy or Southeast
We know like black people. They don't keep well
Besides why black people are too attached to the anyway. We're not have right chicken on the menu
Oh wait, I forget we have a spare ribs
Looking like hot hot service on menu
So if you're not black, come on down to Tai Tommy come to think of it
Those damn gay people we know like them either
Should they keep food but they talk too loud with funny lists. They serve other customers. No comeback
So no gay no black
And while we're at it, ladded people you make reservation for 715
Go show up at 820 and expect you table. We give to someone else already
Ladden people are always late
No black no gay no ladder in Tai Tommy
And Jewish people you stop bickering all of bill
Who care who have what? Pay with an angle that outside
Take 45 minutes to try and keep the bite up bill
We know one you hear
No chew no black no back no Cuban
And white people you think you better than everybody else
Come play too much if we don't teach your ass
You're not come back
No white no black no chew no latino snow game
Everybody else for the best type food
Come on down to Tai Tommy under these
Hurry before we have to close
All right
1.32 are we can just all go down to cut origin and amina linis
So anyway here's a great letter to the editor
This is so typical man of the kind of reason
The hero finally does something good
They do that 85 part great investigative series
About all the scandal that Miami International Airport
Here's a letter from our Kenneth Blah
B.L.U.H. in Miami and that I put out that blah
Ray the recent series on my international airport
When MIA Wilcox Field was opened
It was considered the first modern airport worldwide
It contained innovations that were unheard of
And existing airports such as different levels for arrivals and departures
Airport executives and architects nationwide
Came to Miami to see our miracle
The oldest new airport would now be considered out of date
As it started a trend copying worldwide
Those who build upon our ideas would have improved the concept
Give the airport credit
What a letter we got all this corruption
We've got billions of money being flushed down the toilet
And this guy he's delivering at Wilcox Field
Nice going pal
How's WCK our radio coming along too by the way
You old fart
I bet our Kenneth Blah is probably what about 125
Easy
Don't confuse him with the facts
He's like so many of you folks living in the distant past
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale hello
Hello
Yes sir
Yes I am
Mr. Bob
Yes
Okay, oh
I want to wish you an early birthday because on your birthday
I'm going to celebrate with living in teeth and breathing people in Vegas
Great
I didn't want to say the first time I heard you on was your first day on IOT
And I said
My god
About two months later I said Neil God
And now I have to say thank God for the entertainment
You've some poor guy that has to drive on the road
Pricot you all day long
WL
I hate that situation
Well listen I hope you win all the cash in the world in Vegas Bob
Well I'll have fun
I'm sure you will
And you have a good birthday
And thanks thanks for the memories
There goes Bob who you'd listen to uh
W-I-O-D
Oh I hate that station
Like I said
I always think that's Alex Bennett but it's not
It's that asshole
Uh 5670560 what was his name done uh
Geronimo
Nice going there Neil wow
Yeah
It's a lot to ball today you're right on top of it
See that's the problem man
I'm like uh way over here in this audience
They're like way
I'm looking over my shoulder
Way way back there in the distance
I can see way back there
I see some of them
Whole bunch of them
Here's the lady in Miami
Hello
Yes hello Neil and my birthday
Thank you
How are you?
Great
Neil um I was trying to reach you
But I called the 6536796 which is the office number
Right
To power 96 and I pushed the operator so I can get the right now
Oh boy
And what about three hours ago?
Well maybe a few minutes
Because that's what usually happens
It takes about three hours to get through to this building
Right and I was trying to call so I could speak with you
You know, wish you had a birthday
And I wasn't know who you were
And the guy screamed to me
When I asked the speaker there, he said
Yeah I had to say it
He hung up the phone on me and the manager
Neil Rogers who?
Yes sir
Yes sir
I just have to call back and I got the number to right number
You know from the operating
What kind of an asshole was that?
I don't know but he's a big one
Wow
He's a big one
We have a lot of running loose in this building
But I just
A lot of assholes of an attitude
Yeah major 96 whatever that is
Exactly
You know but I just wanted to wish you a happy birthday
And you had to do it
How are you telling me the tiger?
Oh okay
Probably is
Yeah
Okay sir
Well thank you very much
Thanks sweetheart
I'm sorry that they gave you the older jerk around
Yes sir
Thanks
Good to life
5670560
I wonder who that could have been
It certainly couldn't have been Carlos
He's our buddy our pal
We're not too proud of him
But nevertheless
We're trying to keep it a secret
Just here within the building
I wonder what kind of an asshole that could have been
Of course at least you got to talk to somebody
Because generally when you dial a
See this is everywhere now
Not just here
Not just in Florida
This is the American F and Y
You call any guy damn one of these numbers
And it's this new deal with voicemail
And with you know
Like that routine that filled us
Where you get on the floor
And put it in your foot
And it's a joke
I call my American Express Platinum Travelier
They'd concern and confirm some reservations
And by the time you get through punchin' all that
And punchin' your card number
And the 85 digits of your shoe size
By the time you get through you're exhausted
And then you start hearing that music
You know
Oh yeah you're on
You're on hold
But one of our people will get through
You're sometime before you die
Maybe if you're lucky
And they'll stop complaining so much
Yeah
God
What happened to the days
When you could call a number
And speak to like a living person
Oh I'm sorry
Again I'm complaining too much
Here's Evan Ture, hello
Hello
Yes sir
How you doing, Neil?
Great
Happy birthday
Thanks
A long time caller
And I just want to say that I miss you on
On whammy
When was on
You know on the TV
But I
Listen to you on the radio
Thank God that we have you on
On radio
Whammy
And
Get out of the sucks
Yeah
And that
You know
Your voice your opinion
Which is great
And
Very entertaining
And I just want to know
How do you feel
That in Florida
That we have a blue cross blue shield
Which is a private company running
Social security
Okay 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 50 on the AT&T wireless line
Let's go to a mobile in Fort Lauderdale
Hello
Yeah, Neil, am I on
Yes sir
Okay listen happy birthday
Thanks
I've been out of town for about a week
And I picked up that thing on that
Israeli archaeology
Right
You know that's in common knowledge
Among scholars for about 15 years
Yeah but they're trying to keep it quiet
Because they don't want to ruffle any feathers you know
Yeah what's sharp and that's you're going to do
Yeah
Okay but the thing is
The scholar I know he said they
They might have left in small tribes
When he said he doesn't even think there was an exodus that I've ever had to
That's correct
That is absolutely correct
Right
Okay and happy birthday
Don't tell Leon Eurostroth though
Because he still likes the world
Okay
Have a great day
He's dead by the way Leon Eurostroth
He's dead in real life
Well he's probably still getting them
5 6 7 0 5 6
The pound 5 6 the on the AT&T wireless line
I could probably tell you a story about one of our great sponsors
Nick cigars that had a very intemper call
From one of the people in this building
I don't want to tell out about her
Do I want to tell out story
I want to screw in
Screaming and yelling and curing on with our sponsors
And with our friend Carol from center one
Maybe she's just on the rag this year
22 till 2 at 5 60 WQA
But Neil Roger show sports radio
Line 60
QA
Jabasta de Chupa
I took you to a pickah here
That was planned
You have me way mama
With the big fat can
You the hungriest girl
That I ever did see
With the never-made men's
I'd do 33 weight chickens
Amber my deserved dark Donna and 12
There's a poem with blue bonded on it
The mouth was so full that you couldn't speak
Baby something about the pie
Will it grow be crazy
I never will forget when you tried the ram
With dribble on your chin you said
Not bad when you finished what was left
A chicken bone
You the fascist eater
And the world of world is ever known
I was decent love
Deason love for me
For you was more in love with the flanks and beans
From my advice to you
The better butter you yes
To fit in a pair of jeans from Abercrombie and fish
All that summer day you ain't your shadow
Which Chinese school to bowl of tricks
And I was her day
Now that picnic that day in the summer
In the summer
I can't believe she did that
We're the rack of ribs
We'll the chair
Recluding the pits
She won't forget
All that picnic that day in the summer
In the summer
Tell me ask you what do you think of Ella
It's 17 till 2 not much
I'll tell you that
And they're going to be at that
Oh by the way the herald screwed that up again
To this morning on the back page
One of the seconds I threw out
Where they have the kids page you know
About that Y100
Isn't that Y100
That's pretty conscious
That they're having this weekend out in the grass
Somewhere they're going to be rolling around in the grass
And Ella's
Oh
They're going to be there
So they have the big thing about them
And a big story about them
Who've had all like a medley of one hit
And then they're saying
Also appearing will be 98 degrees
And some other bitch
Yeah
Also appearing 98 degrees
You people that the herald should only croak
Okay
Which you know about music or anything else
God
Frosted my fat ass
Okay
I'm snitching the Nick and Jeff on you guys
Okay you ass holes you
I'm snitching to my buddy footy
Oh yeah maybe hope he doing some cigar spots pretty soon
Because I have a feeling we won't
Oh my goodness here's our good buddy Scotch warts from my Mickey Mouse radio
Hey yeah how are you
Okay Scot
Happy birthday
Sure thanks
I just want to call wish you happy birthday
And I'm sorry you left here Scot
Oh I'm very sorry
Yeah
So here and you talk about what's transpired over time
You ain't seen nothing yet
I mean what you saw here in the five minutes that you worked here
That was that was minimal compared to what this place is all about
Yeah well I like to tell you is good luck because
It sounds like the fun is continuing bigger and better than ever
Oh yeah
Well and if any of your listeners have little titties
You know some of them tune in their radio
Disney AM990
AM990 Scotch warts is the general manager of a Mickey Mouse radio station
Of course the question is is there any other kind
Well you know what though I'm telling you the music believe it or not
Actually sounds better than a lot of the FM stations in this market
I know that's not saying
Well I'm right exactly we're just going to say that
Probably better than probably better than radio smegma
Well wish you have a great day and say hello to Greg
Let's explore me
Okay I'll give a big kiss on the push for you
Thanks thanks how to what's your name
Laura
Oh you know I'll decide out of mind sorry Laura it's just a joke
That'll teach you to shine me at records Laura
5 6 7 I don't forget those things I have it like a little memory bank I store all those little things away
I know she was very preoccupied that day and having a big fight with mommy or whatever
And she saw me like oh jee like I have to talk to him now
It was only hello and goodbye that was all Laura
Not she's great we love Laura
Sometimes
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pomp 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line we got a couple open lines here
They it's been a battle it's been a god damn battle
Even General Grand never fought a battle like this I'll tell you that right now
Airby day in this town is a battle but you know something like I told you the 10th of the 20th
Did you know that's all what it's all about
That's what it's all about
Here's the mobile and hi-a-lea hello
Yeah hello Leo happy birthday
Thanks
Um have you ever heard of anything called an onion?
No
I went over to Burger King a little while ago trying to get some onion rings and the name is pronounced an
On the ring I guess I've been living in hi-a-lea too long probably need to get out a little bit more pal
Hey also I worked for the major airline over there it's my international
And I just want to say that was just a few bad apples you know that's right
Just a few bad few bad road apples all those ramparts
Yeah, there's still a few apples to be picked but don't you with that just a few hand grenades left a roll in Iran
But uh mayor uh penis is his security point so they're doing a heck of a job over there
Yeah, they sure are especially with me. I get stopped every time I go through there
In fact, I think next time I'm gonna take a couple hand grenades just to see whether they catch them or not
Well, I eat pie get right through probably okay listen pal have a great day
Take care. Say hi to your friends at a-a-a. I mean American
567-0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line we're pushing our way along here man
We might make it till two o'clock. What do you think no? I don't think I've got a headache from the show today
My head is robbing it's robbing from this
Wow
Here's beneath a spring. Hello
Yeah, Neil yes, sir. This is line nine with Stem verbizzi. Yeah, that's right first time short time, Lister
I think maybe one of the reasons the people haven't called in about the salaries as they picked up the number is of what?
Uh the hockey player oh they don't care about hockey player. No, they think I don't want to know about Peter Warnell or whatever the guy's name is
They've picked up their newspaper and they've seen that uh
Can Griffey Jr. is turned down
135 million dollars for eight years. He doesn't think it's enough
Well, that's right. He wants to look close to home
You know, I mean when you're making that kind of money you can tell people where you want to play
What kind of an asshole is that like I said there's no loyalty anymore and people are finding it in real disgusted and fed up
And it's about time. Yes, you're right. I say school graffiti Jr. Is a great player. Let's screw him anyway, okay?
Have a happy and back to you
Screw you and Griffey, okay? You ungrateful piece of turd
Fantasy yet a lot of the uh they ought to be running around with goddamn my anti-griffy signs now
Yeah, you know, we'll pack you a sandwich, okay, Jr
That's what they ought to be doing all over Seattle right now is giving them a big goddamn send off
He's a crap. Oh, he wants to play closer to his home in Orlando
Get the honey Jr. Yeah, and we'll stick it right where the moon don't try. Correct him
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line that famous Florida line L.I. 9
This guy was just on there from the need of spring. That's pretty heavy duty
877 7 85 63 45
877 7 85 Neil any I.O. You got it with a K
Here's a hi Aliah. Hello. Hey
Yes, sir. How you doing? Yeah, okay. I got enough to much
Hey, I just want to say happy birthday and uh
Hope you enjoy it and I hope you don't go anywhere because I only got
Five more years in his damn town and I'm getting the hell out and hope you stay here with me no chance
Anyway, the guy for low adores is for real. I want to call my wife man. Do you shabby take care of Neil goodbye? Okay, see
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line fans show little enthusiasm and heat opener last night says Ken rod rigging
Savin this this is this is beautiful. We have somebody great lines in it and if 18 year old kid nobody's watching the game
What's wrong with these people
You're reena needed to be checked for a pulse
It's great. It's great in the sunshine state
Yeah, you know how sometimes they check an individual to see if there's a pulse
This is the only state where they put the goddamn stuffoscope right in the middle of the floor to see if there's any pulse in there if there's anything beating
Here's Davie hello
Great happy birthday. Thank you so much. I was the
Investigator that sent over the information. Thank you. By the way. Thank you. What a scandal. This is your welcome
I'm just beginning to understand that all these tournaments all these charity things are nothing more than a scan
Well, I happened. I disagree with you on that point. Oh
This one happens to be a sham. Yeah
First of all, if you still have your invoice from
That I factored over to you. Yes, I do where you see the two fees for $40 those weren't appearance fees. What were they?
That was that those two individuals showed up the date before the tournament and it were charged off to Q a.m
To play an extra round of golf. Oh
Okay, what web and scooter magruder that is correct. Yeah
