Stop, let's stop for Tim and Adam and Adam.
560 W.A.M. by Ami for Lauderdale presents the...
The Lauderdale Roger Show to talk to Neil called 560-560-Toll-Free for date and
rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisition or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-QAM.
It's a lasting感 on Adam's one.
560 W.A.M. presents as the pussy.
A right.
More chance to speak directly to the program director of WQAM.
Hello, I'm the pussy.
Let's go right to the phones.
Oh, just here on the air.
Oh, yeah.
I had a WQAM dream up those phenomenal bumper stickers.
Well, it's funny you should ask because I just so happen to have a tape of that promotion's
meeting right here.
So, you can hear for yourself.
Any ideas for that new bumper sticker?
Yeah, how about 560 WQAM with yellow letters and blue background?
I think idea.
Take me.
I'll be right with you.
Oh, yeah.
Spread your legs.
I think, no, no, don't put your legs there.
Watch out for the legs.
And that's how it happened.
Do you have another question, Collar?
Yeah, do you think the Marlins are going to win the Super Bowl?
Yeah, I'm afraid that's something you'll have to ask, or sports experts in the morning.
But thanks so much for calling WQAM since you're the only caller we got.
Please, please call again.
We'll do that in a moment with more.
Ask the pussy.
Oh, by the way, you know that Mark Lippoff from that advertising agency?
He's an asshole.
So we'll spend much more time on it later.
Two minutes after 10 at 560 WQAM, happy Thursday to you.
I tell you one thing, the people with an IQ, they're already gone.
You know that?
They're out of town.
For the big Memorial Day holiday weekend.
I didn't realize, but, uh, actually, I would have thought Chokashtelo would have been pumping this up big time.
This is Indy 500 week, right?
We should better play some of that.
It's not?
Yeah.
This Sunday, it's the Indy F and 500, man.
So I would imagine Joe's going to be real intensive about that Saturday morning and at big racing show.
We got 6 to 7 a.m. here, Joe Castello with the shaved nuts.
So anyway, I guess the morning, the worst thing is all I'd, by the way, before I get into the thing about the employee of the month,
the rumor this morning has it because I asked our program directors, began in.
So which one of the morning crew is OJ going to be replacing?
And he said, which one do you think's got the biggest head?
Huh?
So I guess the big head is going to be out.
OJ replaces the big head.
And OJ does have a big, very big head.
I would say just like that one over there, George.
But at any rate, so here's the big memo.
And of course, asking each of you, I asked a couple of days ago when how come we didn't have an employee of the month for last month and come to find out I was on vacation when the memo came out.
Who was it?
I forgot already, who was?
Brian Schoell.
Oh, that's right, Brian Lipschitz.
Our sales, a whole good guy who made the dastardly mistake of asking for the $200 instead of the pen.
And they said, not a good idea, Brian.
You see how that revolving door in our sales department downstairs?
The one that keeps spinning around like a dreidel and heat?
Well, if you don't want to get caught in that, probably taking the pen would be a real good idea, even though you've done a tremendous job.
And Brian said, OK.
Yeah.
OK.
So here's the staggering news in case you missed the worst team this morning.
I know they're tremendously impressed with that.
In fact, people have been like swooning in the hallways.
They don't know what it'll last cry or reach a kid has been in them.
From Greg Reed to our WQAM staff, 526.99, MVP for the month of April.
No, wait a minute.
Oh!
Hit the wrong button.
Ha, ha, ha.
Try it again.
Oh!
I'm very pleased to announce the WQAM MVP for April.
Are you ready for this?
Are you sitting down?
Are you squeezing it very tightly?
Dufflin Z.
Oh!
All right.
That ain't no bluff in either, all right?
Duff our esteemed program director just led.
I mean, this whole thing, you could take word by word.
I could go from here to to a clock easily.
And it's not a very long memo.
But you could dissect each and every word in here,
and you can see exactly what's behind it.
You can see it's behind.
Duff our esteemed program director just led WQAM
to its best rating, however, including a solid number one ranking,
men 25 to 54, 6, and to 6 p.m.
There were many other rating success stories in this book.
But what really won the award for Duff was his persistence.
His day-to-day, I can't even say this.
I can't read it.
And I can't.
I mean, it's like when I was trying to play the Ricky Martin CD the other day,
the machine refused.
They rejected it.
I'm rejecting my brain, is rejecting verbalizing what's on this page.
His day-to-day getting the job done again sometimes insurmountable odds.
Oh!
Against insurmountable odds.
Are you ready for that?
That must mean all that stiff competition we got on the AM band.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yes, yes, that's the opposite of words.
Yes.
But here comes the best part.
As we look forward to tales of exactly what it was that bluffed
to earn the award as MVP for the month of April.
Duff kept coming in and putting out the schedules.
Dealing with the talent, meeting with producers and boards ops.
That's what it says, boards ops.
We have a lot of boards.
They left out interns.
He doesn't meet with them.
You sure?
And behold, WQAM comes in with a great waiting book.
Oh, damn!
Let me read that sentence again, okay?
Here's the formula.
I hate to give stuff away on the air, okay?
To the competition.
They're probably taking notes right now.
As long as your program director keeps coming in and putting out the schedules.
And believe me, these schedules, man, I'm going to tell you.
Remember the one day I found a mistake on one that said I was going to be under three.
That day or something like that.
Within 45 seconds, he had the nephew racing in here with the revised schedule.
And they were running all around a building, replacing the old schedules.
Duff kept coming in and putting out the schedules.
Dealing with the talent, meeting with producers and boards ops.
And behold, WQAM comes in with a great waiting book.
And wait till you hear the next line.
This was a great triumph in the face of severe adversity.
Oh!
Oh!
Soverevere adversity.
Which is code for...
Oh, God!
Yeah, that must be what he's talking about, Greg Reed, that F&S hole.
God!
And then of course it goes on to say Duff will receive a $200 bonus or a WQAM pin for his achievement.
Please join me in congratulating Duff Lindsey the April employee of the Month of QA.
Oh!
And by the way, we can congratulate him for taking the $200.
See, I never thought he had even like a tiny BB, but he already has a pin.
So he'll take the $200 snack.
You and of course they're saying, no.
Not a good idea.
Because just about anybody could make out those schedules, we could bring in a monkey to make out the schedules.
So you did a great job and you were a key, you were the whole deal for our success.
But if you decide you want the $200, have a great life.
That's basically what they're saying.
A great triumph in the face of severe adversity.
Now you would have thought after that the best rating book in the history of WQAM that just came out to win a book,
you would have thought that maybe some of us who were responsible, not that I do, I need the $200, I mean, no.
Although I did lose $20 with Compano Park last night.
But you know what I didn't bother me because I got a very big tax refund check from the IRS in the mail yesterday.
But at any rate, huh?
Well, it wasn't that much.
Oh, well, I don't want to say on the air how much it was, but it was sizable.
More than the $20 I lost at Compano Park and more than the $200 that I would have gotten for the award, the MVP of the month.
How about Hank?
Hank rose from a mediocre book there in the fall, disappointing, you know, to a gigantic book in the afternoon.
Yeah, but that was because of the book.
Oh, that's right, I forgot about it.
It was usually by employees months.
I think Brooks Daniels here had been the QA employee of the month.
She did more for us.
I think Pete Boulder should have got the goddamn award. How do you like that?
Yeah, if you're going to pick a program director, don't pick one that's, you know, sitting at a high chair when they're like an infant,
pick a guy that was really responsible for us going through the roof.
Pick Pete Boulder.
Hey, you like PD Tweety. You're the man. You're the man, baby. You're the man.
You jackass.
PD Boulder.
He's an asshole.
Backstabbing assassin, man.
Pete bin Laden Boulder.
So anyway, I mentioned that Mark Lippoff is an asshole.
Oh, boy, we're going to talk about him at great length today and about Todd Dreck.
Yeah, let's let it all hang out today, especially after all that OJ crap.
Ten minutes after 10.
See, we're trying to figure out what Roy Foster has in common besides being an ex-joc and ex-football player with OJ.
I mean, the white chick thing, you know, the blondes, we know about that.
Hey, you want to watch? He is just my rear end.
Pete bin Laden Boulder.
Oh, I'm watching Mom and Dad.
Pete bin Laden Boulder.
The most funny ever has.
Mom and Dad were playing tag right there on the tag.
Mommy used her phone as a teleport daddy's head.
Mommy's head was sobbing.
She almost got whipped-washed.
I don't know what she was drinking, but you got a note mustache.
They've been through the evil.
I'm sure what I see.
But I sure do like you, Mom.
When he's been on TV.
Mom and Dad were full together like my drinking wags.
What if I might throw something like that?
Mom was yelling at the door.
Dad was breathing heavy.
Mom was on her knees.
You must have had a booboo cause she's just some wealthy Pete.
Pete bin Laden Boulder.
Watchin' Mom and Dad.
Pete bin Laden Boulder.
The most funny ever has.
When we watched those little wongers.
And I started to get sick.
If Daddy's name is Halbert,
why don't I ask for dick?
Daddy granted his eyes full of that.
Mommy wanted more.
He went back on top of him, but all he did was snore.
Pete bin Laden Boulder.
Has her minutes passed.
I can't wait to drive this guy off.
I'm dunged her in my class.
I can't wait to drive this guy off.
I'm dunged her in my class.
Okay, 10, 15, and 5, 50, WQM.
God, I'm feeling better already today, you know what?
So anyway, getting back to this memo.
If Greg Reed had been a mince.
If he were like a guy that had any understanding of this business.
So he's just one of those people.
It's like Nick DeVero going to Vegas
and winning a million dollars in the slot tournament, you know?
It's like if you walked out in the backyard.
And like a million dollars and 20 dollar bills just fell out of a,
off a plane, out of cargo, like a big container.
And there was a million dollars in cash and small bills just spilled all over your lawn, you know?
It's called just dropping into a bucket of crap is what they say.
And that's Greg Reed.
He always seems to step into a bucket of crap.
But if he had any understanding, if he, if he were a classy guy, a real mens.
What he would have done on the heels of the greatest rating book in history of QAM.
He would have made the memo out.
And he would have said to the entire air and production and promotions.
And I'm not forget about promote the entire staff of QAM.
Are all employees of the month, which would have saved the money
because then he wouldn't have to give anybody the $200, which believe me.
He would say to that, wouldn't that have been the classy thing to do?
On the heels of the greatest rating book in the history of this radio station.
As opposed to giving it to the person really responsible for the big numbers in the afternoon.
Or the program director of another radio station.
Yeah, that would have been a classy thing to do.
That would have been the professional thing to do.
That would have been the real radio like thing to do.
That would have taken a little bit of creativity on his part.
Does he have any?
No.
I mean, and that would have made a lot of people feel good, like somebody appreciated what we do.
But this, on the other hand, is kind of like a slap in the face.
Even though we like Duff, I mean, he never stole a freight train.
He's a good guy. He means well. He's a lightweight, but nevertheless, you know,
he said in the earth that high chair, he's a pussy.
In fact, every time you see Duff, you say, oh, nice guy, pussy, but nice guy, pussy.
Isn't that immediately what comes to mind when you were coming in the morning, you see Duff?
And you say, oh, hey, pussy.
No, I said what comes to our mind, not his.
See, George is pointing at props now. This is a radio show. It's not a TV show.
Although that would be interesting if we had the, I guarantee we'd get some numbers if they put that on Lanny.
Talk about getting the big black Lanny.
So it's like a slap in the face, like saying, oh, yeah, well, because the program director put the schedules in here,
with who's going to be out at one time. Let me ask you this.
Did the program director hire any of the people on the morning show?
No.
Did he hire me?
No.
Did he hire Hank?
No.
Did he hire Ed Kaplan?
No.
Did he hire Amanda?
No.
Go out, Bo Campers?
No.
The HRJP?
Uh-huh.
Well, like I said, employee of the month in my book.
Awww!
Right?
Well, what are you smoking about?
He didn't hire him.
Who did?
Jason.
He's a minister, so he's not an employee.
I'd say Jason for employee of the month.
Awww!
That's what I say, okay?
I take back everything I just said. I eat my words.
So we don't begrudge you, though, but this is this is swill.
This is like rubbing our noses in it.
This is like saying that we just fell into a bucket of crap based on who knows what.
So let's give the credit to him.
Meeting with the talent.
Did we have any meetings with Duff about this show?
No.
See, the one thing I will say is he stays the hell away from this show.
He comes in as everything okay, stuff working.
I mean, he's like right next door.
Which is why I was able to see the fact that he was sitting at that baby height here for months
until we finally embarrassed Greg and the vine that used that the damaged goods particle board desks that's in there now.
Right.
It's rented.
All the new office furniture is a lease deal.
Trade out, no doubt.
Yeah.
Well, when it's out, trade it out.
So there you go.
That's the big news if QAM is that Dufflin's used to employ the month on the heels of the greatest rating book ever in the history of this radio station.
And most of the people here are, that's our pull question today.
Which are the most upset about that Dufflin's getting the employee of the month or OJ maybe going to come to work here?
Oh yeah, I'll get to her by the way.
I got a great, I've got some good stuff today.
Heavy duty.
By the way, the last two days we discovered something on this radio station on this show.
If you had any doubts in your mind, since we're always having contests, you know, like which group has been persecuted the most over the years, comparative misery, things like that.
We discovered beyond a shadow of it out with some people already knew, I guess.
And that is that if you're looking for the most prejudiced group of people in America, it's easily our African American, American brothers, sisters, whatever they are.
Spargers.
I mean, man, you better kind of like look at yourself in a mirror and examine your altitudes, man, because the tremendous hatreds and bigotry.
I mean, you can't keep patent forever, you know.
And how did race have anything to do with a murderer coming to work at our radio station?
I just beat the crap out of me.
I sure understood how it had to do with the trial and Johnny cocking all the other stuff to get a murderer off.
They had to appeal to that jury, you know.
Kind of appeal to their basis frustrations and hatreds and whatever.
But we're just talking about you want to have a murderer come to work where you are.
It would seem to me that's not a difficult question.
Most people would scream like from the rooftops they'd be going, no, no.
And all of a sudden for the last two days, it unleashed this torrent of racial psychosis.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Oh, look at this. Better hold on.
Okay, turns to black. So in other words, we got a reset, which means we'll lose all those calls again.
We didn't do that. We're going to have to do that every day.
Let me explain this to the audience.
Okay.
Every single time, like I'm in the middle here, we go and go into some moment.
We're recycling the phone.
Just relax and there go all the calls.
God, we actually had a whole bunch of people on hold there.
Believe it or not, you like to call back. Sorry.
But every time my FPL farts, the phone system here gets screwed up.
And we have to reset it.
So I think we're just automatically do that every moment before the show starts, because this gets really old and embarrassing and ponderous,
especially for station that's so busy running around telling everybody how great we are.
See, if Greg would spend as much time getting us to kind of equipment that we need and deserve, see it's easier to talk about the program director since he just got his new trade out particle board desk.
As far as the rest of us have in the highest rating book in history, the station, if he acknowledges the fact that we might have had some little thing to do with it, then right away, he'd have to probably feel guilty about giving us such a bunch of crap to work with.
And the fact that he and the beesleaves are a bunch of cheap bastards, he'd have to start worrying about that.
It's one thing to have a particle board desk.
It's another thing to have a particle board phone system, which we probably have the only one in the universe.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
So that's the thing about the $5 pin they haven't told you yet.
It's $10.99 for about $200 or $10 of the years for the pin.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks. Okay.
And he actually called back a second time.
Can you believe that? Is there anybody in the audience?
No.
No. Call back a second time.
$5.670560.560 on the mobile online for any unfinished business we got today, then I'll get to my main thrust of the day.
Can I say thrust on here?
No.
Not anymore.
Not that now that Jeb Bush is governor, we can't not only can't you say it, you can't even think about what it means.
Get my thrust.
Here's a mobile on the alley. Hello.
Yes, sir.
I cast my vote for Duff.
Yeah.
Well, you were, you want to know which one was better? Duff for the OJ case.
Yeah.
I cast for Duff.
No, I was talking about the staff here, not about the audience.
Get back on the road. Go, go, go, go, go, take a look at the road.
How do you like those two calls so far, huh?
You know, you know, I was sticking the yesterday for about 40 seconds because that's about as much as I think of this place once I walk out the door.
But I was thinking about this, you know, people, people like him.
I don't know how old this guy was, but I would say like in his 30s or 40s, wouldn't you say, you know, like an adult?
He was once a kid.
He was once a teenager.
You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm going with this?
Like some of these old Farsi's, cresting New Yorkers.
They call it every day with their big mouth and they, you know, trying to be as abusive thinking that they're being provocative or amusing or whatever.
And you think to yourself, what kind of people were these people when they were young?
Huh? Geeks, is that it? Is that what Geeks turned into as people like those callers? That must be it.
Geeks.
Like that 13-year-old kid they had on TV this morning that was educated at home that one of the National Geography B or whatever the hell I call that thing.
And we're supposed to be excited because he was educated at home. He's still a geek, you know?
So he knows a lot of stuff. It's like George. George knows a lot of stuff too.
He knows his mind is like a virtual encyclopedia of useless information.
But when it comes out, things like in the real world and real life, he's coolest.
I mean, I've discovered it a long time ago.
Coolest.
This is a man who never even saw glory hole in his life.
In his life, never had.
And he expects me to believe that he knows something about life.
If you haven't seen a glory hole, Mr. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Let's stop pick on George. But no, I'm just kidding. George does like Star Wars, and I do hold that against him.
But he's not that much of a geek. He didn't like Star Wars. He hated it.
Oh, well, he believes the Star Wars kind of fanatic, isn't he, for all the old ones and stuff?
Anyway, let me talk about us. Let's stop looking to use George as your whipping boy here today.
He's not that much of a geek. But listen, Neil.
I never said he was a geek. I just said that he's isolated from the real world in many ways, but nevertheless.
Right. So, or most of you, but anyway.
Yeah, I know. I just want to bring some to your attention.
Please go right ahead.
This Chinese nuclear thing.
Yeah.
Have you seen the congressman that are in charge of the report?
Yeah.
Does anybody bring us to your attention, their names?
No. And I read it to you real quick.
My, my Wong.
No, maybe I'll have a four-year representative, Christopher Cox.
Right. And Washington representative, Norman Dix.
Uh-huh.
I was just going to want, I was asking you if, uh, if the Cox Dix report, would that be considered redundant?
It would be considered obscene, I think, is what it would be considered.
All right, now have a good one.
And don't forget.
So what did, okay, he's probably involved in the two Brian Cox.
You know, it's funny, you should mention that because if you drive around the state of Florida, there's a billboard.
They must be all over the state.
This furniture chain.
And I always wondered what kind of a name that's got to be the worst name for a business.
Bad cock, you know.
I mean, what's their advertising slogan? Bad cock is the best.
1026 at 560.
WQA.
New.
YAH!
YAH!
YAH!
I'm an eager, you're an eager, he's an eager, eager, we're all an eager pose.
I'm an eager, you're an eager, he's an eager, eager, we're all an eager pose.
That's our great, and friends like all black people do.
But why do you want to say it to so they can sound real cool?
I'm an eager, you're an eager, eager, she's an eager, we're all an eager pose.
Now that they can tap them, find another word to use.
It used to be real bad.
But now it seems okay.
When African Americans address themselves that way.
I'm an eager, you're an eager, eager, she's an eager, we're all an eager pose.
No longer the vernacular, voracial abuse.
It used to be taboo.
I'm not anything to say.
But now we're expanding all of that by black folks every day.
YAH!
I'm an eager, eager, he's an eager, we're all an eager pose.
I'm an eager, you're an eager, she's an eager, we're all an eager pose.
Since then why sending some types of wrongs and food to?
It really doesn't matter, now that everyone is now a true voice.
Yo, yo, yo.
Check it out.
I'll be grandmaster's food.
I'll be wishing my say.
Playing with my record.
I'll be wishing it.
I got a reason.
Stop dancing, dude.
Put the lotion in the bag.
All right.
But if she circumcised, 1032 at 560 WQA.
This is turned out to be a shocking morning for me already.
I've learned so many things in the last few minutes.
Most of which I better not tell you yet.
I'll wait for tomorrow.
So anyway, speaking of inside stories, we got this Jose Lambi,
who is leaving by the way, thank God, and just in the nick of time,
none too soon, who writes this South Florida insider column in the herald.
This is a herald of the...
See, I can't tell anymore.
I used to be able to tell by the print.
Let me take another, this is the Sun Sentinel.
And now they both changed the print style in both the herald and the Sun Sentinel.
And now I don't know what's what, but it's the Sun Sentinel.
And this is just one of those deals where you don't know what it'll laugh or cry.
Will Ricky's real girl please stand up?
It says, and when I read this to you, like I said,
you may have your head in your hands by the time you're done.
It says, it really is a Vita loco for Pretty Boy Ricky Martin.
The music industry is a wash in rumors he's gay,
but when he appears in public as he didn't...
First, let's go back to that again.
The music industry is a wash in rumors that Ricky Martin is gay?
No.
No.
Or do you ever hear a thing like that, except maybe on his show?
Is there anybody out there who believes that Ricky Martin is gay?
Yes.
But anyway, it says when he appears in public as he didn't stop Miami the other day,
thousands of young girls are sent into a tizzy by his boyish smile.
And now, inside her is told,
the former Menudoite spends quality time with a female Miami model
whenever his official gal pal, Spanish TV talk show host,
Rebecca De Alba is not around.
Martin 28 is never looked happier than when he squares around
legy Adriana Biaga in his black Mercedes.
And wait, wait till you're this part. This is the best.
The Lanky died blonde Biaga, also has been busy as of late,
sharing time between her native Brazil and her brickal day apartment.
Of course, you know those Brazilian women?
Brazil where men are men and so are most of the women?
It says, apparently, that's not all she's here.
She's also been hanging with Martin Archrival, Heartthrob,
and Rika Iglesias. Oh yeah.
There are two words that come to mind when I read this article.
The first one is Fag and the second one rhymes with Fag.
I'm sorry.
And it goes on about Martin's this,
but I'm open about his attitudes about women and women are hormonal
and once a month they, and all this other crap.
Okay, that somebody told him would be a good idea to say.
I mean, this to me, it just, it makes my blood curtle when I see all the lengths.
I understand that most of Ricky Martin's fans are desperate women
who couldn't get laid in the pickle patch. I understand that.
Desperate was very bad taste.
It wouldn't have good music if they stuck it in their...
Correct them.
You know what I'm saying?
So that's fine, you know, but why not be an enigma?
Okay, why go to great lengths to create all these fantastic,
all these ridiculous stories which are patently,
and the idea that Jose Lambi, Jose, do you think that we really believe
that you believe this crap you're writing today?
Of course not.
All of these big performers, they have these PR agencies
that, that plant all of these ridiculous stories,
and the tabloids, dutifully, unless they don't happen to like the performer,
which is very rare, they dutifully plant all of this stuff.
You know, Michael Jackson, then it's five wives,
and it's 25 children, and all this other crap.
Is there anybody with a brain larger than their, their damn penis who believes this?
No. Of course not.
So I don't really give a crap what he is or who he's doing,
even though I know, very, believe me, I know.
But who cares?
But why do you have to go to all these great lengths to create this phony facade,
to make up these stories, all of these things?
Like the Backstreet Boys, who right now, in spite of what George says,
are so hot that you can't even touch him, they're smoking, they're smoldering.
And they have to ask the obligatory, every interview,
oh, do you guys have girlfriends?
You know, and of course, the AJ's got a girlfriend, who are real one,
you know, that we believe.
And you know, three of the other guys, who knows, probably the answer is yes.
And Nick Carter is, anybody believe that Nick's got a girlfriend?
No. But of course, now he's got to say yes to,
even though he's like ducking behind the right to the group and laughing about it,
because does anybody believe?
No.
But of course, all those teenage girls out there,
all those little girls will stop by on the albums if they find out that their dreams are crushed.
So everybody in America's got to put out a big phony act if they want to suck seed.
That's what the answer is, the bottom line.
Just, I mean, this Ricky Martin stuff just makes me wild.
Just like Luis Miguel. He went along for years, okay? He was doing just fine.
And all of a sudden, who is the first one, what was the, from MTV, what was her name?
With Luis Miguel, the first, oh, come on, what the hell was her name?
Let's go, George, Daisy Flint.
Daisy Flint, what are your people, okay?
You're one of somebody's people, I don't know.
Yeah, she's ours.
And then all of a sudden, it was Mariah Carey, and next week it'll be Andy Carey,
and it'll be Jesse Jackson.
Who knows, it'll be the week after that, okay?
Because they have to keep making up all these ridiculous stories
that convince the public out there of something, whether it's true or not,
who the hell knows, and who the hell cares?
If somebody can sing and their music is good, I'll buy it a record.
I don't care who they're sleeping with, because they're not going to be sleeping with me.
You know what I'm saying?
And Ricky?
That's all right, he's got a very tiny penis.
In fact, Sam, the sham was going to be in this morning, reiterating that same story.
He said he's hung like a butterfly, and things like a fruit fly, something like that.
And Ricky, although he's hanging with this Brazilian thing, is what I'm hearing,
from the rumors in the paper this morning.
Anybody believe that?
No.
He's hanging.
Do you believe it?
All the Brazilian women have bus tashes, so how can you help them apply?
Yeah, I can tell which ones are really, they're little hairy, is that what you're saying?
Maybe it's a hairy relationship.
He's a little hairy.
Not as hairy as Corey Sabin, but that's beside the point.
22 before 11 at 5, 60, WQAM.
My whole life has been crushed this morning, and now that JP comes in,
and first of all tells us that he's Cuban, and secondly, he's not circumcised.
I don't know whether I'm going to make it through the day, and I've heard this in place.
I've never stopped you before.
The Cuban part doesn't bother me.
What?
I love my Cuban friends.
Stop me from what?
From anything.
Yeah.
How do you know?
You keep going to Europe?
That's true.
I play Guilty.
21 before 11 at 5, 60, WQAM.
I give you the real thing, Danielle.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Join the NRA to start guns today.
Have yourself come down on Christmas fun.
Throw your friends away.
We'll back you all the way.
Oh, right.
We'll spend your right you want to start.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting, life will be sweeter.
When you catch your heater, you carry a light, and slowly deadly.
Come on and die today.
See a miracle way to be a member of the NRA.
In order to achieve it, in order to have always been for the head,
it's a loud and loud head.
Sharpen your skin, and feel more comfortable.
Be there to defend your right you want to learn.
So come on and die today, and you'll be proud to say you're a member of the NRA.
That's 44 at 560 WQM.
Oh, by the way, I have some good news for the Adelaugher.
The audience can breathe a little bit easier.
We have enough trouble with Meyer Lansky and Buggy Segal and all those horrible people.
When the story came out of Kanye's Georgia, I don't think they had too many Jews up there.
Where the Virgin Mary is always hanging out.
This kid that did the shootings up there, this 15-year-old kid, his name was TJ Solomon.
I thought to myself, Solomon, although his name is TJ Solomon Jr.
Are there any Jews out there named Jr?
No.
Why is that, by the way?
How come Jews don't do Jr?
That's a goi-shut thing. Jews don't do Jr. to tell me.
But anyway, so his name is, but anyway, it comes to find out according to Newsweek that not only is he not Jewish,
but he's a church-going Boy Scout, TJ Solomon or whatever's name was.
JP Solomon, something like that.
Not Jewish.
And by the way, don't rub off.
So that's what we can read a little bit easier on that.
Like I said, we have enough dark marks on our history with all these other.
Here's a Todd Direct, for example.
Here's Hialia. Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir. How are you doing?
Great.
All right, I'd just like to thank Beau for shutting out Colorado.
Yeah.
36th day.
He played great last night.
I was at the track, but I saw him off of the game. He was unbelievably.
34th day.
Maybe this is where he's not going to choke, you know?
I'd tell you.
Go make believe.
I got one more thing for you.
Which he mind was on the potato head show yesterday.
Yeah.
It goes like a lot better than him.
Okay.
I'll tell you that much.
Listen, Neil.
God, I was going to ask somebody.
How about you? He's getting more action.
Yeah, probably more than me.
I've been hanging out with the Jamaicans.
That's what happens.
Oh, that'll do it every time.
All right. I'll be getting some good weed anyway.
Hey, listen.
I got the best thing.
I tried calling yesterday, but I was out there a lot.
I was out working.
It's clear up the OJ thing.
I got a better solution.
Yes, sir.
It's going to California.
Get Phil Hendry and Hyrum and have him do impersonations of OJ.
Okay.
Fix everything.
Okay.
Excellent idea.
Get him out of here.
He's on the way.
Okay.
That's a good idea.
So in light of that story about Ricky Martin and Ricky and all that other crap that the insider.
Some insider, huh?
Put in the paper this morning.
I figured in a few minutes we'll do that the you may be gay test by Dr. Dick Insider.
That came over the fact yesterday.
It's got some beautiful stuff in here.
And of course, this goes over very big because like I told you many, many times in the past,
everybody shouldn't make any difference.
Who gives a crap?
But everybody does care.
They're obsessed with wanting to know who he's doing whom.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you doing, Neil?
Great.
Just real quick on why there's no Jewish juniors.
Yes.
Because you name a baby in honor of someone that's passed away so you can't be a junior.
That's just custom.
It's not a rule.
It's custom.
In honor of somebody who's passed away.
Pass away.
Absolutely.
That's how you name a child.
After someone has passed away, you honor their name.
You mean I'm named after somebody else?
I don't think so.
Well, you don't have to be.
But that's customary in our Yiddler religion.
But that's why I called.
I called to talk about my experience yesterday at the Chrome Dome Center.
Yes.
Yesterday, a ticket holders could go in and upgrade or change our seats.
I don't know if you were aware of that.
Yes, I was.
I'm very happy with my seats.
Oh, I'm there.
Well, I'm just a poor working slip and my seats were in 423.
Oh, God.
Yes.
Well, I was able to move into 401 without having to pay a penny more.
Which is absolutely wonderful.
But what I saw when I drove up.
What's the difference?
I don't know the number.
I don't know ice to the corner.
Uh-huh.
Right on the blue line.
Great.
Yeah, it was a wonderful thing.
However, when I drove up park with the big shots parked,
they let us do that yesterday.
They didn't charge us.
I saw them replacing palm trees.
And the first thing I thought of was you.
Why didn't you replace palm trees?
Why don't you put a gold light in?
Oh, they're going to do that.
They promised me that.
They were here a couple of weeks ago in the building.
And I brawled beat them all the way down the elevator until they finally said,
OK, whatever you want.
That's great.
Second thing.
They had the thermostat set at 85 in the arena yesterday.
Of course.
I asked them why didn't you put the air conditioning on?
Because we don't want you to hang around.
So get your seats and get the hell out.
Exactly.
Thank you very much.
OK, God bless you, sir.
At least they're being honest now.
That's good.
Good start.
5670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Let's see if we can't do something about all that hatred and deep-seated prejudice.
See, and there are people who will make an excuse and say, well, we got a right to be.
Well, look at all the other groups that have been persecuted over the years.
And they don't have, I mean, again, we're generalizing.
But as a group of people, they don't have nearly the amount of hatred and blind prejudice and psychosis as some other groups do.
Do you be known what I'll be saying that we've been here the last two days?
I mean, you're going to start, you know, forgetting about the past a little bit.
Let go and start moving forward instead of like, have a mindset back in the, in the stone age.
Here's a mobile and vocal.
Hey, Nea. How are you doing today?
Okay, sir.
Just regarding that, that incestuous relationship between Roy Foster and O.J. Simpson.
Roy!
Yeah.
Because I think there's something that connects them that's thicker than the blood of Nicole and Ron put together.
Yeah.
Nobody's brought this up.
Do you realize that they're both surgeons?
I know that.
University of Southern California, Trojan.
Yeah.
But the rumor is they don't wear one.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
That's why maybe that's probably why Roy's got his nose so far.
And they're both into white chicks too, I just mentioned.
Oh, most definitely.
Uh-huh.
Where's Mark of Allen?
Maybe he's going to be on the evening show. Maybe he'll be in there with the head cappin.
So I'll feel later.
Allen and cappin.
Okay, see you pal.
Yeah, that thing with O.J.
It's just amazing to me that nobody seemed to give a crap about that except me.
Maybe I'm, you know, maybe it's just me.
Maybe I'm the only one in America.
It doesn't want to be working with a murderer hanging around.
And right away people are attributing to me.
Oh, it's a racist thing.
What the hell do I care?
I don't care.
We got some black folks running around here.
Not too many, thank God.
We got a few.
Just enough for the quota.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm not an advertising or anything like that.
But I think I understand a little bit about, you know, targeting the right kind of people that listen to certain stations.
Yes, sir.
So, I mean, if you even know anything about advertising, then you know about Mark Lippoff.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, you know about that.
Yeah.
So, I'm in a, I'm in a friend of my car.
He's a little bit dark and collected.
Yes.
And he has a dark complexion.
He just comes through.
Yeah, he's listening to EDR to the EDR that I would get most of the listeners are black, right?
Oh, I thought.
Yes.
And how does white kids that listen to that rat garbage, I hate to admit that.
Well, this commercial comes on for that.
Use carlot that's owned by Wayne.
Yeah.
And it's like, the guy comes on, he says,
Hi, I'm with Fred, who's a contortionist.
My black friend turns to me and looks at me with this bewildered look like,
what the hell is a contortionist?
Oh, Fred.
Yeah.
How do you think about putting a war like that on a black radio station?
How many black people do you think you think know?
Can I recommend that EDR shouldn't have words like more than two or three syllables on there?
They should keep it down to the monosystematic sound.
What is it again?
Mono one?
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
Look at the mirror, pal.
Look at the mirror.
See that shrinking, vanishing IQ, my Julio friend.
567-0560, pound 56, he talked about the pot calling the kettle.
Think, pound 56, he had a mobile online.
We got thank old Berg show here in studio today to the sixth.
We got Kim Bocamp for six to ten.
We got the head capitol show out at the princess casino on the spaceship out there tonight.
No Marlon game.
Thank God for that.
Oh!
You know, they won two out of three.
I realized they blew the game yesterday and Sammy Sosa hit another bomb in the ninth inning.
But what are they complaining about for crying out loud?
They're writing in the newspapers here like they expect them to actually win every day.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello?
Sunrise.
Going once.
Nine minutes and 43 seconds of that meaningless life right down the toilet.
Just like just like passing gas and having it be a part of your life evaporate into thin air.
Which by the way, thank God again for the great smoke in the year today.
I know that God's got a lot to do with those fires out there in the Everglades since he works in mysterious ways.
Thank him for polluting the air so that we can also applaud when we get up in the morning and walk outside.
Man.
Heavy duty.
Just one more reason it's great to live in Florida in the sunshine state.
Wait till it gets to be about another month.
When it gets to be about 99 in the shade and those fires are still burning.
And you walk out in the morning and everybody is as George would say, swooning.
I don't know what it is about that word, but that word just it just sends me swooning.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello?
Hey.
Yes sir.
How are you Nets and Yale?
I'm swooning.
Is it burning or what?
It's burning.
I have a burning, yes.
I just not want to what I called it out but you didn't mention the hangster.
Did you, um,
Hey, stop it, yeah.
I got lucky to have been the employee of the month.
He had a seven share in the afternoon.
He had his biggest book, I think maybe everyone is radio station.
He helped the rest of us make our full bonuses.
You know, he had, I mean, I'm not looking for it even though I should have gotten it obviously.
But how about at least giving him something for quite a while?
Yeah, better.
Let me say.
I think you have a little bit of a...
What was that term you used?
He was a lip chuck or what?
A what?
The guy, the hockey guy.
He said something that I, you know, and I'm a Jew, but I just...
What hockey guy?
What are you talking about?
He said lip.
Lip buck.
Lip, what is that?
That's like a lip off.
That's okay.
Mark lip off.
He's an asshole.
You know, Mark lip off?
Anyway.
No, sir, do you know, Mark lip off?
No.
Can Grand, can consider yourself very fortunate.
Thank you.
Um, after the guy went into the ring the other day, okay, that was unfortunate.
But, you know, oh, and by the way, this guy, you're talking about the, the wrestler that got killed.
This is not why I, well, but wait a minute.
I'm glad you reminded me that two things.
Number one, he tried to back out of it.
He didn't want to do it.
He was, he was very...
He wasn't even a hookdog.
He wasn't even a hookdog.
No, but before they got to that point, he had changed his mind.
He said, I really don't want to do it.
It's a dangerous thing.
I'm not...
Why are you laughing?
And they said, no, you become admitted to do it.
Go ahead, no problem.
And about a B.P.s death.
And number two, an hour after the guy got killed, because they're such a classy bunch to W.W.F.
They went ahead and they went out with a wrestling anyway.
They didn't care for it.
Right.
They didn't care.
And this guy and your...
You think it's funny.
Well, kind of like Eric and Acton's kids line up with...
See, I took a lot of...
I took a lot of crap because I thought Eric and Acton's kids line up the window was funny.
And...
And...
And when Hank came on the air that day, he said, these exact wall of paraphrades.
And I love Hank.
And I love you and the whole...
Of course.
You know, we believe you.
This...
This is terrible.
This is such a sham.
This is for discussing.
But I watch it and I enjoy it.
What an embarrassment.
Yeah.
What does that mean, Neil?
That means he's into it.
So, I mean...
That means that Hank...
I'm watching nothing that I've faced.
I grew up like five miles from him in Jersey.
I'm from...
I'm the same age.
Yeah.
I...
I'm at the baseball basketball football hockey nearer, but I don't get the wrestling deal.
Wrestling is mostly for all ladies and little kids.
So, I mean, are you telling me...
So maybe Hank has got the mentality of an old lady or a little kid or maybe a little bit of both.
But he's still a good guy.
He is a good guy.
So he watches professional wrestling, but at least he's honest about it.
He's honest.
I guarantee you we got some closet professional wrestling watches on his station.
He was honest about it, but for him to say this was the most disgusting thing
and then to follow it up by saying, but I watch it.
You know, it's just like...
I don't know.
But the guy getting killed wasn't part of the...
That was not in the program, okay?
They didn't write that in the program.
That was on the program.
I understand, but would you spend two minutes of your time watching professional wrestling?
No, but I would want...
Hey, listen, he likes golf, too.
I don't like golf.
I mean, did you like golf?
Yes.
Well, okay. Have a great day.
There you go.
Another guy talked to himself into a box.
They're all boxing with it today.
They're all backing themselves into a corner.
So you know what it says there in a good book?
Judge not, unless you be judged, the titan, and so on.
Everybody's passing judgment.
Like the one guy that's talking about EDR and about how they shouldn't have words on it.
They would have more than two or three syllables as if they suggest that black people are stupid or something like that.
Now, of course, you may have a point that there may be some stupid black people listening to that radio station.
Some of the people listening to the EDR might be Rhodes scholars.
They might be geniuses.
Maybe Julian Bond kids are listening to the WEDR.
I have no idea.
There's white kids listening to EDR, who also obviously aren't all that bright if they're listening to that crap.
In fact, maybe that's why they have to listen to that kind of music because they can relate to it.
You know what I'd be saying?
I think you do.
Everybody wants to generalize. Everything is quick to judge. Everybody has got to sign it in. Just be like me. Okay. Be open-minded and that's it. Right? Why can't they all be a lot more like me?
Four minutes before 11 at 5.60 WQA. It looked like I'm about to read it. I can't do that now.
Well, it's exciting. It's by Dr. Dick Insider. We'll get to that. I think a lot of you will start getting real nervous when you hear all the 8 million things that help you decide that you might be gay.
Like for example, if you listen to Ricky Martin records and you're a male.
Now that's a good one. You're always giving me crap about the backstreet boys. Now we already have evidence that there are a few straight guys that like the backstreet boys.
But Ricky Martin. Is there a straight guy in America who listens to Ricky Martin? No. Anybody in here listen to Ricky Martin records? No.
And fatically they're shaking it right now and fatically in their heads too. Speaking of shaking it, how about going down to Nick's cigars and getting you a great bunch of Stogies to puff on this weekend? It's a big holiday weekend.
Now what you do is play again. I have a sports bar tail.
Clean up, clean up the brown thing in your underwear. Clean up, clean up, put on another pair. Clean up, clean up the comsys right here on your seat.
Clean up, clean up whenever you beat your knee. Clean up, clean up, try some new shit works. Look back, clean up, clean up whenever you f-f-f-s.
I'm a first time caller and that's what the other guy said. I'm calling about this. You're black thing with the junior and everything.
Yeah. Because actually my stepmother's brother. Your stepmother's brother. Right. My step uncle I guess is a junior. The only Jewish junior I have ever met.
Are you serious? I am serious. A Jewish junior? I guess not. I'm a Jewish junior. Yeah.
Unbelievable. What's his name? What's his first name? Edward. Edward Junior. Well Edward, you're kind of awful Jewish to me I don't think.
Well then, Edward, wait a minute, wait a minute. I gotta give my husband directions no. Go straight and turn. We're in the car, you know.
No, Edward Senior unfortunately passed away about a year ago. But the reason, yeah thank you. But the reason I don't think that guy who caught you before was right.
Because what I was always told is the reason that they don't call people juniors is because with the angel of death thing that they might confuse the two people and take the wrong one.
That was always told. I swear to God. Yeah. Yeah. Like you know those angels there was always always going to the wrong base things like that. Yeah, that's true.
Okay. Anyway, you're welcome to say hi to say how to junior. Edward sounds like a go to me. Do you know any Jews name Edward? No. Any Fisher? There you go. There was one. That was quick.
And Kaplan, like I said, it's not that's a Jewish name. Okay. Oh, now see this scares me. Okay. When I see all those lines lit up there because I'm not going to believe these people. If we have guys clean, but I'm very I'm straight and I love Ricky Martin. I'm straight as an arrow. I have, yeah, right.
We believe you. I cannot believe that for the life of me because his music is so. I mean. Oh, thank you so much. I mean, let's get in the picture on the back of his new CD. I'm going to tell you something. If he isn't anchored to the floor.
Trust me when I tell you he looks like he might forget about Star Trek and Star Wars and all of those other outer space. He looks like he's going to take off into orbit any second. He doesn't even have a cuticle or a toenail on the ground.
Ricky, here's Pompano. Hello.
Yes, sir. Two things. First of all, I don't care about Ricky, but I compared to somebody other music nowadays. If I hear one of his songs and whether you're that, some of the whoopadoo to send somebody other stage some of the whoopadoo. Yeah. Yeah. Like that rap garbage. They play on EDR.
I've never listened to EDR, but when I was growing up, I remember listening to good, armed music, out of Philadelphia or Detroit or whatever. And that was just out green and the old James. That wasn't.
Don't say, Oh, Jay bad timing.
I know. I know I kind of had to speak down. That's ridiculous that you're even going on like this with certain people listen again to the rest of the road.
I know that you laugh a lot of guys refer to it as a soap opera. I was paying attention to it the other night and when they said he hit the ground and stuff like that, I said, Oh, man, this is going to be bad.
And then 45 minutes later, a freshman like the other college said they announced that he had died on his way to the hospital. And I thought it was absolutely ridiculous that they didn't stop the thing right there.
But you know, my show must go on. You know, I mean, the guys only did, but let's go out of the show.
They go, well, you know, he's an entertainer. He would want us to continue with stuff like that. Yeah, you know, I mean, you know, an injury is one thing.
I've seen guys get injured in the ring. They wheel him away and they've been serious injuries, but it's like, OK, you know, we got to keep things going.
But they're thinking that what they announced was, look, it's a pay-per-view. You've got 30 million people watching a roughly or three million people or whatever, you know, refunding the tickets and all this kind of stuff.
They they couldn't, you know, they couldn't see the.
But in all fairness, let me ask you this question. Now you remember a couple of years ago, I don't remember the name of the player, but I was watching the game. The lion's player.
We took that tremendous hit and it took them forever. I mean, he was lying there emotionless and everybody was like gasping, wondering if he was going to be alive or not.
And they had to take him off. You know, and now suppose he had died. Do you think they would cancel the rest of the game? No, no chance.
No, he didn't want Kennedy got shot. The NFL, you know, the game had to go on. Yeah, and you want to add insult to injury. I know you don't follow wrestling at all when Hank went and I was with them to Hank and he said he watched it once more.
There was the character that won the championship the other night who goes under the moniker, the Undertaker. I mean, that is such a damn flat.
Well, I think Hank watches it because you liked that Goldberg guy. Well, I said they got to be related.
I mean, I've been watching for all my cousins, kids and stuff like that. It's like, look, pay attention to have fun watching.
But now I've got my cousin's 12 year old kid. He's an oculi up in Connecticut. I'm not going to stay on the air with somebody's wrestler saying it's all of his.
I'm sure I can get away with it, but I won't. But he got called for a penalty in like a P-week game, 10, 11, 12 year old league.
He argues that the rest of the rest gives him another two minutes for misconduct. He makes the gesture that this certain wrestler makes and says something to him. He's gone for two weeks.
I said to my cousin, Steve, I said, we came home here with him. It's the simplest. I mean, you got to set these kids in line. They don't understand the difference between somebody joking around and being a character.
That's right. That's right. I have yourself a real memorial week.
And back to you.
Okay. So in other words, this guy, he don't really want to say he can't stand Ricky Martin, but he just said, we won't find one. Will you think? Please tell me the answer is no. Please say no.
Huh? Because I'll question my sanity. I'll question if there's anybody with pace. I'll start eating vanilla ice cream if I find out that there are straight people I'd like Ricky Martin.
Men.
I mean, she is like one step away from outer space in this picture. 9 minutes after 11 at 5, 16 WQAM.
That's right. It reminds me of my mother.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
It's 11 14 at 5 60 WQAM. I'm going to get to this. You may be gay taste eventually very soon. Why are we talking about Ricky Martin at the same time we're talking about that.
This Jose Lambead, man. I wonder this guy's getting out of town. Talk about naive. Talk about maybe he's in search of a life. Search of the truth. Here's Miami. Hello.
I Ricky. I think that those were.
All right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Something about an egg sale with public. Here's North Miami. Hello.
North Miami.
Adios. Are we there? Chey. Long gone. North Miami on four. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Who asked, you know
anything about this except my grandpa Bernard.
I'm gonna have to ask my mother about that toward shade before who announced. I named after my grandfather my mother said. I was named Abraham.
Abraham Solomon by the way,
Good Jewish boy, I don't know anybody.
my family that whose name started with an N that. That just.
That just. I'm going to have to call up.很多 day and say.
Who's with end goddamaged.
I tell everybody. My family does. Anyway, that's.
and i would like to know yeah
i am about to become a expatriate and i want to miss you terribly where you
got
i'm going to bring you to
oh my god i do way
are there any white people are
uh... sixty percent
uh... black
but they just got second they just got segregation
they just be segregated like the seventy
so there's not a great idea to write they still got most of the jammed in one
part of town is that it
uh... that's pretty small island so
i'm gonna miss you terribly
and uh... i can't wait to get out here if oj is coming on i'm glad i'm going
i think it might be interesting in fact i'm thinking of maybe him co-hosting
this show might be kind of interesting
and uh... i still relish the days and i didn't have to change the station at
all for the
final
are you sure positive exactly
so i thought the memory is like so i have shout-out cats and i get to listen to
you
hopefully over there
you know the most expensive internet provider
yeah
well the best part of the deal is that now that we're on this station is
i don't give a sh** me more yeah that's the best part works out great
and uh... i never thought i could reach this point my life work it just
totally be a devoid of any interest in whether well anything that goes on
it i just i don't give a sh** me more right
apathy's in the religion that's right exactly it's the q a n f in religion
i ask a shameless request yes sir
and old parties to have you know big
brucey
i've been down this game
big bro you mean long some fangot
yeah there you go got it okay
all right i think i think by the way do we ever put that in here by the way
George we ever put the lonesome uh...
and why are we doing that i got to work is now i'll find it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless
line we're looking for a straight guy who likes Ricky Martin records
that's an interesting
i'm looking for shoes on the north floor
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
stop it stop him please he's like a disease you know what
Ricky Martin is like a spreading gigantic virus that's enveloping the
entire world right now
here's a traffic report on nine hello
hey deal yes sir how are you okay uh...
well it's mostly fixed on the uh... turn plank and the toll plaza down by the
golden glades months ago yeah i just want to let everybody know that's going
southbound don't go southbound on the turnpike because
there are twenty d.o.t people standing around one person working
and the traffic backed up for about two miles down there as usual
okay thanks for the good news you got it good luck
okay stay off the southbound turnpike okay stay out of the golden glade just
stay at home keep the doors lucky your gas mask out get that army surplus door
going five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight tnt
wireless line we're going to eat today by the way
what what the hell is that mean i hope so well the hungry yeah and in jp is
all he's hungry he wants something good so do i um what do you have in mind
uh...
how about our good buddy Jeff Cohen that we haven't seen it a long
share how does that sound sounds great let him bring over a feast a little
bunch of stuff since we're talking Jewish stuff today
do you want something special do you uh... eat just about anything no you know
what i want i want that good to do with meat
i don't have a five sixty pound five sixty with cheese by the way i'm not giving up
my cheese i don't care what the caveman says i will not give up the cheese
anybody want to cut the cheese for the holiday not me
wqa and ricky martin line hello
ricky martin request line yes yes
a meal i got into a big argument with my family up in southcarolina about
ricky martin what what i heard you say that he had facelift done
and i i didn't i didn't say that see your misinterpreting i said they made him
over i don't know i don't know i mean he's too young i think that the facelift
but i hold this he'd be on twenty eight
is twenty eight i lost that argument i thought he was old isn't that twenty eight
okay so i lost the other i mean it's just his whole physical i don't know what
they did do them but i believe me he's been around for a long time
he never looked like this before in other words one day he went to bed looking
like ricky martin and the next day he woke up looking like whatever this is
now you know i'm sound serious
uh... because i used to see him on tele hit from exica remember i used to talk
about that years ago and then when digital and it's not on or anymore on the
big dish but uh... he didn't look like this
okay why will this we got to find out what happened because uh... i told my
my uh... parents that look it if i got as much done on me as he had done on him i
look as good i agree i agree i think that uh... what you see is definitely now
well i think they did a mark handle on them i don't know
thanks have a great day pal you too five six seven oh five six you go to show
him and the women of america you guys out there pretty damn lucky because most of
these women are dumber than sawdust
comes from being repressed for all of those centuries you know keep them uh... under
your thumb so to speak keep your thumb on it
and these poor women out there they look at something like this and i mean if he
came out tomorrow came on national television if he stood in time square with his
boyfriend if he stood there like uh... with the bear bottom shaking in front of the
universe
it would make any difference
what a kid are you are rickie and what we're saying
oh
no no no we don't want to put your clothes back on the city don't want
get back down the other floor
won't
uh...
it's rickie martin a thursday for the holidays he is everywhere you know
everybody they have their uh... moments has started in fame he's so hot right
now you couldn't touch him with a poker
here's the grove hello
deal yes sir
trade who we'll
want to know the rickie martin
uh... i'll listen to the back she boys yeah
and back to you boys are great i mean i never said they look good because they
don't but they can sing the music is that even jordan now admits to like a one
of the records which i don't really care what he thinks because it's a success
anyway but even he finally had to welcome around so to speak
that but i think i don't have a city i don't want to buy the city but those
flows from from rickie martin it's just you know you could i mean that's that
one that one with madonna man she she must have to they must have a recut that
hundred uh... five thousand takes to keep her from life in a rance off
but the reason i called it out of your i wasn't used yesterday um
that cop that that guy that killed that cop and got sent for like four
cases of murder something like that yeah
uh... the cops from family comes out of the courtroom and they stick up
microphone in the mom's mouth and it's like i think the lord now we're
vindicated
yeah where's the lord when they got with shooting up i don't hear that stuff all
the time it just makes me want to put you know the lord for this and thank the
lord for this justice how about like you said how about what the lord is that
i love he was getting killed
no man i'll just say yes thank you okay i have god bless you
there's another guy with a brain see i was thinking this the other day and it's
very disturbing i know it irritates a lot of people out there when i say this which
is good because i like it rotating a lot of people because if nothing else
it makes them think and that is that the overwhelming majority of people
including most of you listening to me right now the majority of people whatever
is in your brain unfortunately it's because somebody else put it there you
don't say people just accept things because it's been said
generation after generation and and they just accepted it just in there and they
never really stopped to digest it and to think about it and examine it and like
create something in their brain by themselves
that's the saddest part most of what's in the brains of people in america
was put there by somebody else and that's pathetic that's just tragic
and like i said a couple of days ago how could anybody be so sick and twisted to
believe in a god that if you could be the best person in the world but if you
don't believe a certain bunch of bullcrap you're gonna your soul is gonna
burn in hell forever that's beautiful that's lovely i only wish i could live
my life believing in such bubble mice he's like that
that's great and if Hitler would have accepted Jesus on his deathbed he'd be
in heaven right there you go you stick with that god okay i'll stick with
damn god you stick with that god you're stuck with him okay for better or
worst five six seven oh five sixty who's that on the bad line by the way i always
get nervous when that line rings because i figured it out it's probably Jeff
from the pizza lot that's bringing us food real soon lots of it
i wonder what's going to happen when oh jay's here who's gonna be bringing the food
maybe we can make some special catering arrangements for that
ask death if he can make something special up for when oh jay comes on it
you know i'm talking about yeah do what meatballs and sausage or just
sausage do his meatballs have that breading in them
probably well ask him don't you have him on there
i don't want no very little very little little
that that sounds good i like that meat five six seven oh five sixty
wq and murky martin line yes yes sir you're looking for straight guys who
like working martin yes sir this is a Camila i'm a straight guy that likes
fricking martin yeah you like what do you like about him dance
yes no i like his music yeah well like with one what song you like
i like uh living my living with kenga loka yeah i think you got your thumb
on it right now pal i think you you hit marks this spot excellent
i'll live in la penga loka that was great that was the best call of the
century so far i'll sponsor i stick here me to
oh god huchi kuchi baby one of the you know i i don't want to start picking on
hispanics but you know you got to get over that huchi kuchi thing sooner or
later someday please Carmen Miranda is a dead resting i think that we're
definitely definitely an honor hey she's a long gone
no du kiro play exactly no more huchi and desi are nice he ain't feeling too good
likely either young babaloo easy he's gone thank god just in time
26 past 11 at 560 wqa ms morning's will never be the same on 560 wqa m
starting this Monday it's the big kahuna robe young from 6 to 10 a.m. Monday through
only on 560 wqa m
come along some foggy some cruising down to cain
all right i'm a whip my boots not guilty but something's not the same
oh i am not so long some this life just thanks for me
gonna trade her knees and through these big bruteses and we freeze
oh big brutese i'm going down today i'll send up my closet and found out i was gay
why?
I wasn't im thinking thats your sis
oh god
and we had it like dump out of that part where he says,
I had to, that's embarrassing, you know.
Anyway, speaking of embarrassing, there's nothing like a typo
in a newspaper ad.
Here's a, somebody faxes me this, Mario.
Thank you, Mario.
In a real estate section, somebody's advertising her home.
It says, views plus spaces 1554 square foot home
with large lot, family room with fireplace, huge dick
for entertaining and enjoying the views.
It's just a little typo.
Did you just fall down or what?
Obviously they meant dick.
What?
Huge dick for entertaining and amusement.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
And by the way, here's an interesting fact
from one of our chronic's faxes,
but he's got a good point.
He said that they stopped at tennis match
after Monica Celas got stabbed.
No.
And then all of a sudden she didn't die.
Did they stop the basketball game
when the rookie from the celars died?
No.
They stopped the auto race when the French Indie Card
driver died.
Or when Allison died in a helicopter crash
before the race.
No.
No.
Good point.
Don't be pick it on those wrestlers, okay?
Because they'd be all real macho guys.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I'm a long time with this first time caller.
Yeah, I got a whole thing about you and Ricky.
What is it?
I got a whole thing about you and Ricky.
Yeah.
Well, it's cool.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
PUNC.
See that was like two, three weeks ago we did it.
Okay, your little bit slow as usual.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello?
Hi, I'm Neil.
Okay, sir.
Got some redneck,
Godfiring family in Pomada Town.
And I was wondering if you could pay
that Beverly Hill Doe's parody.
Maybe some of the mic's at home.
No.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18 T line.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
An explanation on juniors and Jews.
Juniors?
Yeah.
Is that so?
Okay.
EW and ILR.
All right.
The Jewish people are divided.
The middle European are Ashkenazi.
Right.
Look back to the Let's You Honours, right?
And I've been going to play that name.
And German and that area.
All I know is you say Yarmulka and I say Yarmulki.
Right.
All right.
They name after the dead, the Ashkenazi.
But the Spartac Jews.
The Spartac Jews?
Not the Spartac.
The Spartac.
Spartac, yeah.
Who come from...
The ones who speak for the left.
Middle East and places like that.
Right.
Name after the living also.
They...
I knew a couple...
Finally, they came from Baghdad, Iraq.
And they had a number of juniors within their family.
Really?
Yes.
Well, if it's good enough for the glory,
it should be good enough for us.
Right.
Now, but actually that's what is...
The Spartac Jews will honor the living.
Okay.
The honor, it's a story.
You know what it sounds like?
It sounds like more bubble mice used to me.
It is bubble mice used to me.
Exactly.
Like my father named me after my...
His mother, my grandmother.
Sarah.
Kind of a bit earlier.
I'm Stanley.
My Jewish name is Shimon.
And I was named after my grandmother, who was Shifra.
Okay.
Well, Saeghizan.
Okay.
And Jizunai.
Okay.
5667.0560.560.
On the 18th, he went to Islam.
You see how silly the whole world is.
All of these ridiculous things.
All these...
All but it's tradition.
Yeah, that's...
So is this slavery.
So were the crusades and all of that other crap was tradition.
Here's temper of pine.
Tell us.
Hey, now what's going on?
How are you doing, sir?
Good morning.
You try to find straight people the right-winged Martin?
We're looking.
We still have a fine one.
Welcome for an eagle in there.
There's luck.
You know.
When I see him in those black leather pants, I've been given my meat a stroke.
Yeah, I bet.
He's not bad.
Okay.
He said that he liked him a lot with what he said.
He said he really turned the mind, Ricky Martin.
I mean, that column this morning.
And again, you know, we see these things in so-called major market newspapers all the time.
And this thing, well, at least it provoked me anyway.
Also, by the way, speaking of that, I almost forgot about this part of it.
In the same Jose Lambie column in which he's talking about that fag-hag.
He goes on, it says, no OJ yet.
Once out for reading is happy that accused wife killer OJ Simpson has not bought a home here yet.
Her name is Susan Cashick.
She lives on a palm tree line, Gables by the Sea Street, where two weeks ago OJ checked out her neighbors $870,000 house.
If OJ were to move there, he and Cashick would be a strange pair of neighbors.
As an assistant state attorney, and they had Cashick prosecutes domestic violence cases, some ugly as the OJ Nicole Brown relationship.
A stunned Cashick wouldn't come in, but her daughter's boyfriend, Super Talk 940 producer Larry Baker,
said that he's preparing for live broadcast of the Brook Daniel show from Cashick's law on the Simpson does move in.
How do you like that?
Huh?
I think that's an act of it in heaven, though, too.
OJ and Bra Brook Daniels?
She'd be safe.
She'd be real safe.
$5670, $560, $560, $560, $180, $18T, $1T.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Hey, I just was curious. I didn't hear you mention anything.
You always thought my current events, the missile thing was China.
What's your opinion on that?
The missile thing with China?
Yeah, how they stole all our missiles.
They always told me that if it was good enough for the Rosenbergs, it's good enough for the Chinese, man.
Yeah, no one's getting killed on this one, though.
Yeah. How do you know that?
Why do you think we had that bad road map there in Yugoslavia with a Chinese embassy, huh?
They started the wrong shell space.
Exactly. There you go.
Hey, Kenneth Math macho.
Ricky Martin or Alan DeGeneres?
Hey, by the way, I was thinking the other day, Alan DeGeneres, long overdue,
to be making a movie with Tom Seleck. Don't you think so?
I was thinking about Tom. I'll be getting long.
See, people come on a TV or in the media and they say these patently absurd things and everybody says,
oh yeah, yeah, that's a lot of sense.
Based on what?
Based on what kind of coast back to whatever I was saying before?
Stuff that's in your mind just because you heard somebody else say it or because somebody else believes it.
It's pathetic.
As soon as you hear anybody say anything, you should immediately say, well, what a pile of crap.
Right?
Unless I'm saying it. Then you say, of course, you just keep going.
Like that. But anybody else, you say, Jesus Christ, what kind of bull crap is that?
How could anybody say such nonsense?
How could anybody believe all these things?
22 till noon at 560 WQM.
Okay, at 17 till noon at 560 WQM, long overdue, it's by Dr. Dick Insider that you may be gay test.
You may be gay if you like to watch men in tight uniform squatting on each other's men's butts to grab a ball,
so other big men can jump on them. We're both taking the test here.
If you've ever had a pedicure or a manicure, ever have one?
If you like to have a big cigar between your lips, uh-oh, big little...
Point against George.
If you like to dress an ugly clothes and chase a small ball around the woods with some stupid clubs,
if you like to drive your meada, if you have any pierced body parts,
if you have had any hairs on your body shaved, set a clear face, no.
Below the neck.
Does that include your nuts? Don't tell Joe about this.
If you like to watch figures skating, uh-huh.
If you've died, you're here. Oh gosh, we shouldn't be meeting that in this building, should we?
Huh? Okay, no names, please.
Um, if you never open the hood of your car, if you like to watch Tom and Inchorch bouncing a ball around a court,
if you've never been to a strip club, if you have to call a tow truck for a flat tire,
if you don't own a single tool, well, I guess it all depends on what kind of tool we're talking about.
If you prefer a prefer receiving oral sex, then genital sex.
If you like adult films with men with big ones having sex with women, like Peter North, for example,
Squirt, Squirt. If you prefer looking at the back of your lover's head when you're having sex.
By the way, speaking of that, can I interrupt myself here for just a second since Joe was all psychotic about feet?
I will say this to me one of the most erotic parts of anybody's body,
would they call that the nape of the neck, the back of the neck?
Don't we all agree on that?
Uh-huh.
You said maybe Joe Castella.
How about if you put your foot on the back of your neck, do you think that might...
Okay, you may be gay if you don't smoke, if you don't drink, if you don't eat meat,
if you were a designer underwear, if you're like Ricky Martin, well, I added that one in there.
If you live with your mother,
he's Cuban, is there a special distance between...
Wait, it's only 19 years old. If you're over 20 and you live with your mother,
oh thank God, we let him off the hook.
If you hate to smell a fish,
now does that include like your filth of fish?
Uh-huh.
Okay. If you hate sushi, it seems like we're kind of stuck on that one moving along.
If you're like showering at your gym.
If you read the star, if you like little dogs or cats,
if you watch soap operas, if you like shopping for clothes, cloths, clothing,
well whatever, clothing, if you like health food,
if you're single and your house or apartment is clean and organized,
if you fold and hang up your clothes,
uh-oh.
If guns scare you,
if cars scare you,
if you've never ridden the motorcycle,
if you have a scooter,
you may be gay if you can't grab a standard transmission.
If you use any creams or lotions on your face or body,
does that include aftershave?
If you use any creams or lotions,
it puts the lotion in the basket.
Judge McCall, does that include aftershave?
Of course not.
If any piece of clothing is more than two colors,
if you have a ponytail.
Oh, right.
Oh boy, I guess that cancels lunch.
If you don't like giving your wife or girlfriend oral sex,
if you don't like action films,
if you don't like auto racing,
if you never own the car with a V8 motor,
if you've ever worn a fanny bag without a handgun inside,
there we go, I sure go along with that.
We know the asshole with a fanny pack, that jackass,
if you like or play tennis,
if you like antiques,
if you like very man-alow,
if you go to a hairstylist,
if you cry at movies,
if you hate an animal house,
catty shack and blazing saddles,
if you don't watch Baywatch.
Oh, if you don't watch Baywatch,
if you're straight,
you watch Baywatch, presumably.
But I hate to break the news to whoever sent me this list.
They were going along just fine until I got to this list.
Because I don't want to do that.
Why do you think there are millions of people
who call that show gay watch?
Well, let's ask Yoko Stello about the nap of the neck.
Oh, thank God.
That's okay.
I'm losing all hope.
There's no pose on there.
You said you have to shave it first though.
If all your kids are girls,
oh, oh, oh,
we got one.
Well, like they said,
if you think adult magazines and movies are disgusting,
if you never forget birthdays,
anniversaries,
or other important dates,
if you like to do the laundry,
if you like to do the dishes,
if you like to do the cooking,
go by the way,
nodding yes to all of these,
if you like your wife or girlfriend on top,
well, what if you don't prefer?
What if it's just all good?
It says, if you like your wife or girlfriend on top,
I'm not here to,
you can't hear it.
Split hair is that's right.
Curly or otherwise.
If you stop for griseils,
you may be gay if you don't own a gun.
If you've never been in a fight.
If you don't like killing small animals
with your weapon,
with your peace.
If you have a female friend you never slept with,
You can't do it.
Look, moving along.
If your wife makes more money than you do,
if you hate looking at lesbian sex movies or magazines,
you may be gay if you like to dance.
If you like watching large men and tight costumes
holding and wrestling each other in a ring,
uh oh, hey, stop it.
Oh, oh.
Okay, so here's the deal.
Here's the one to three items you're still okay.
Three to five borderline bisexual,
five to eight borderline homosexual,
eight to twelve flaming queen,
twelve and above,
get a sex operation,
you're a girl.
There you go.
Good news for you.
Oh, I'm not, listen,
I just kept saying,
all of you above.
A perfect six on a Richter scale.
I'm the first one to try to do that.
So there you go.
Hopefully everybody's audience passed with flying colors.
Which brings us to our next very important thing
and that is guys were earrings in the rear.
I brought this up so many times over the years.
And of course, since most people like to do that
is like a, I don't know,
it's kind of like the hanky and the pocket thing,
you know, it's supposed to be like a secret code.
And only those people are into the code, really understand.
That's supposed to be all that secretive, like generally speaking,
but I think it is.
I think there are a lot of liars out there.
Earrings, guys who wear earrings.
I don't like earrings.
I hate to break the news to you.
Not into earrings.
I mean, it's like a little teeny tiny.
I have no problem with that.
But guys that wear like big loop earrings, you know,
full loop earrings.
So allegedly, if you wear an earring in your left ear,
it means you're straight.
If you have an earring in your right ear,
it means you float like a butterfly.
And if you have an earring in both ears,
it means you'll do anything that moves.
Or probably you're Cuban.
So let's hear it.
Let's hear the earring brigade.
Come on.
560, 705, 60.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Although, of course, most of you probably
want to keep it a secret.
I understand.
See, I don't, what I don't understand, though,
is why there have to be, I just don't get that.
In other words, is it like a message?
Is it like putting a bumper sticker on your car?
Is it like hanging something from your rearview mirror?
WQAM.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
I reeky.
I hate that those webels.
They're still back on top of Rikki.
Okay, although he does like it on the bottom.
He said it was more comfortable being on the bottom,
but now that he's on top, he's having a tough time
adjusting to it.
560, 705, 60.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in the grove.
Hello?
Mobile in the grove?
Who's probably been doing his laundry?
What is it?
Okay, coconut creek.
What about ever coconut something?
Coconut creek.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I wear two earrings.
Yeah, and what does that mean?
I don't know.
Aha, aren't you glad I brought this up?
See that?
You may be setting out mixed messages, pal.
You may be having guys chasing you into the T-rooms
at the JC Pennings or Sears before you know it.
What do you think about why do you do it?
I don't know.
Do you look good?
I don't know.
I used to have just two and one.
Now I got one and the other.
That's right.
See, I always thought that two and one ear means like a real strong message.
In other words, like if a guy has two earrings in his left ear,
it means he's like 100% straight.
And if he has two earrings in his right ear,
it means get the toes down on the ground.
You know what I'm saying?
I hear you.
Okay, well we'll find out for you.
Yeah, let me know.
Okay.
That's great.
See, there you go again.
People doing things and they don't even know why they're doing them.
It's a fashion statement.
It's like, you know, with the body jewelry, I'm sorry.
I know it makes me seem very old and flutty-duty.
Can't deal with that.
I don't like tattoos.
And I especially can't stand body jewelry.
Those rings, bones through the nose,
nipple rings, penis rings, you name it.
I mean, I don't get it.
I don't understand it.
Be facing your body.
I mean, if you look, we'll test to begin with what difference does it make.
But if you happen to look like even a little bit human,
that I just do not get.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, it's the QAM earring patrol out now.
Try to nail it down for the 90s.
Here's a mobile and curl spring.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, that's how we're two earrings.
Okay.
What it is?
What it is?
Everyone, I live in a curl spring.
A lot of guys wear two earrings and girls love it.
And you know, there's something wrong with it.
One in each year, right?
One in each year.
I started off with my left and a couple of months later I got on my right.
Uh-huh.
You started getting it right and not your left.
That means you basically are saying that you're gay.
Uh-huh.
But if you get an embo, it's basically a lot of guys have.
This is the fashion thing.
You can go to love it.
It's the fashion thing.
Well, thank God we're clearing this up because it's going to pave the way for lots of people.
I'm going to say for life for you.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
What do you think you're nails?
What is it?
What if you paint your fingernails?
If you paint your nails, what if you paint your toenails?
I said you want to think Joe Costello would sure get freaked out.
I'll guarantee you that.
Can you imagine?
Not only has he got an aversion to feet, but guys with painted toenails?
5, 6, 7.
What if he found out that Jeff Gordon painted his toenails?
Can you imagine that?
That would be the end of the Saturday morning show here on QAM.
That would be the end of that.
Probably take up golf or something.
Here's a mobile and South Beach.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I will run it one in both ears.
The one I go clubbing.
I wear it in the right hand.
I did score an eight on your test.
Okay.
I think we got it done.
Okay.
Thanks, Ricky.
Oh.
Come on.
Let's hear the honest truth here.
I mean, a fashion statement.
Come on.
Let's get serious.
It's a fashion thing to have an earring in one ear.
Is there anybody believe that?
No.
I don't believe that.
I think they're just trying to be on the safe side now,
because maybe they're getting out of it a little bit here.
5, 6, 7.
05, 60, 05, 50, 50, 50, on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A couple things I don't wear any earring, so I don't even need to do any of that.
But one thing I do like Ricky Martin and I am married.
I don't like that song, but I like his older albums.
I shouldn't say older.
Well, I like that a lot now.
See, I married a woman.
I married a Latino woman.
That's why I like to Spanish music.
How may I even speak Spanish?
I don't even understand very much Spanish.
But I do like him.
One other thing that you hit on that was a great point about people using other people's ideas
and not using their own.
I think the best example for that was the young Rombrill or Paul Cash from Over over there.
So have a good day.
And back to you.
Well, they've been doing it for years using everybody else's material and clean mind.
Are you sure everybody else's ears too, Phil?
5, 6, 7, it's the earring patrol.
We don't seem to have a very firm grasp on this.
Maybe that's why over the years I've asked this question.
Nobody really has given us a definitive answer because they don't know themselves.
I'm sorry, I'm not buying it.
That's not like I say, if you have a yellow hanky in your back left pocket,
which I have no idea what any of that hanky, banky stuff.
I mean, that's like I say, well, I don't know.
I just stick it there because I feel like it.
Right.
Hankies will do tomorrow, by the way.
Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WQM.
A-
W-T-A-M-I-L-F-O-S-R-D-L-
My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain
I'm not gonna copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for writing little songs about boo-boo my brains are gone I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't sit down with spice bro I'm gonna fart on it Dr. Dreass You'll made your past good
Hey I'm not What do I smell ass man you look wet? Well since age 12 it seemed like I always smell that butt grip and gasses and tooth and it was pretty swell
I got this off when I took my jeans off and bought it so hard it turned my underwear backwards like Chris Croft and every night I'm like oh dinner
now then point out my ass that's the fat made you ain't too fat smell this honey you know wait a minute girl I don't give a fuck God
I need to think for world up my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it I can see you want to meet kicked out back in junior high
said the problem was something cr退ed out my ass and died I shot him in the face with my paper a worse happened later when I covered his
I just found out my mom got all cancer and I do.
I told her I broke up to be a famous rapper.
They were reckoned about strange noises.
Made on the crap.
You know you will endure when the villain first leads.
You drive the holes of fat, but you must need it.
The guy in white castle says it's pretty cool.
But I had to go.
Go drop the kids off and prove.
My aim is.
My aim is.
My aim is.
My aim is.
My aim is.
My aim is.
My aim is.
My aim is.
My aim is.
My aim is.
My aim is.
My aim is.
My aim is.
My aim is.
I'm a great guy in like Ricky Martin song La Ponga Loka.
I don't give a crap what the guy looks like or who he leads with.
but i don't know any of his other music it's the only song i enjoy
also for your information my musical taste are closer to george's
okay scott
thanks for admitting you got crappy taste and a one-year-old ricky martin
so there you go jorge here's a guy who has musical
you're the one who like the huchi kuchi music
no i do not like what
you like a week
you like the weas
i like no i'm not a kuchi kuchi kuchi is a part of the weasemigil sing
other than what i mean one song by louis mingelis huchi kuchi music
you like one song i couldn't name you any of this song
and how many latin artists do i like that do i like it ricky because i think
his music is sensational
obviously not
yeah you like his feet i've never seen his feet
he's got a picture right there
well wait a minute he's got shoes on up there the picture right behind you
there he's got lovely feet even joe kustella
that's what i'd be afraid of those feet that's why he ran out of here
from the chin up he's great and from the ankles down he's great in between i
heard it ain't much the point is you like latin artists and i don't
you're telling me you don't like louis mingel's music you're out you're
gonna sit there and you don't like his music
how is that possible he's a great singer he sings crappy songs
yeah that's it great voice uh someone giving me a bit of a
more than other latin artists that i like
what who are the other latin artists that i like let's hear the list uh
flavio say said
yeah because i think he's a great singer i don't know
and hey that's two more than i like okay you're just you're just a
militant hard-headed spick why did you just admit it okay
but the guy says his taste is just like yours and he loves good he loves
the other one what's wrong with him he loves his man he doesn't care when he
sleeps with he doesn't care if he floats like a butterfly he loves this crap okay
i can't i can't take it anymore lose my appetite five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line you notice how it's only
taking a couple of days you notice this by the way how jp keeps getting a
little bit closer and closely started in there with you and now he's like
right at my elbow almost and you want to know why don't you the food's
coming because the food's coming number two but number one because he's
Cuban okay let's go to a temper pines temper pines hello
hello to you yes sir how you do it okay has anyone brought up the fact that he was on uh
yet let oh yes if he's not a flavor yeah if he's not a flavor that
the scientist isn't the antichrist right exactly okay okay god bless you
swing and all over the stage flaming it up floating i think is the word you
voting flaming whatever whatever fact is
by the aiming exactly there you go okay five six seven so they we already took
that polar couple weeks ago this is old news we're not taking a pull because the
bird is in in spite of what this jackass right in the sun sentle this morning
about these baggags so anyway maybe he'll be hanging out with brook
shields pretty soon too you think five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line and of course the adoring public out
there they believe any of this bullcrap they're just they're just look at a
suck up the bullcrap they can't wait to hear more lies they want to be
pleased please tell us a bunch of crap to make us feel better
here's Miami hello hey my nigga Neil yes sir speaking
um i'm a little here and i got a tongue ring you have a tongue ring yes what do you think about that
well it might get a little hairy in the rectum but you know whatever turns you on doesn't
that interfere with your eating well that's because i'm living in the pingo loco did you ever
chew down on it no how about the tongue ring yeah yours okay good luck your pal you'll need it
see i don't understand that the tongue ring with the post i mean that to me is got to be the most
rotesque the most gruesome it's supposed to enhance philatio yeah supposed he told me
yeah and does it he's not saying okay well i've been only a
suffocative experience you ought to know five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
mobile one line that's our next poll question there's having a tongue ring enhanced philatio
here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil what are your mother's clothes he's she had a big tongue yes
sir okay i'm straight i'm married and i love her tomorrow you love her he martin i love him
he's a good guy he's a funny guy and i don't know how people put uh he says a fun guy
what is it why they put one i don't know how people put uh those like nose rings in yeah i enjoy
picking my nose and now that would seem to me that would interfere with so a good good healthy nose
cleansing yes i think so i mean how can you get when i'll you have to i would assume use your little
finger your pinky to get in there if you have a nose ring i would think so yeah that or an
institute and that takes all the enjoyment okay we'll find out thank you sir that opens up more
new avenues about these people but are nose rings the backs of the nose rings get boogers on them
all the time yeah and how do you clean those up yeah when in doubt flush them out that they have
like a little instrument you would certainly think about and then like pick the boogers off of the
back of it hmm well it sounds like maybe a snack time huh five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the mobile one lie we still haven't got the answer on the earrings every time i asked
that question but we had a couple of people touch it and then they run away from it they race away
from that topic as if don't please tell anybody about it you're not fooling me okay maybe you're
fooling somebody else out there you're not fooling old queen like me trust me when i tell you
you can stick those earrings wherever the hell you want okay even in your
your name full and me for a minute but let's pass up and figure out to America what that's all
about maybe it's part of some secret agenda five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the mobile one line now showing you no theater not too far away star wars the phantom minute
starring somebody's little kid discover the true power of Hollywood favoritism that
leads professionally seasoned actors on the beach you won't believe you forked over another
eight dollars to provide a means for George Lucas to do weird favors for his friends once you
be proud of this little boy and his parents i'm sure they're very proud in spite of the fact he
ruined the whole movie and trivialize a great film concept gee i hope he doesn't hear this you think
i made him cry perhaps you're better off waiting for star more than seven edition four attack
of the yeast infection starring the oldson twins okay getting pretty mediocre reports about
star wars by the way most people with a brain of sorts said that it was either okay mediocre or
that it's except of course for jokas tello refuses to grow up five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile in the gables hello hello there neola yes sir yes sir
yes sir the reason why Jewish men are not named junior is you always name a Jewish man a Jewish boy
after a dead relative boy that's what somebody said about an hour ago yeah well i don't know
about the angel of death routine but and i heard a long time ago uh... minuto is where this
kid Ricky Martin came from right i heard that the minuto boys are all all the boys and they were the best
of the best they were uh... what would it if you will by uh... becoming a minuto boy being a good
author boy uh... because they all did the good or performance i think that's what i got i guess
so they were all been somewhere another right and anybody that tacked to the puts that
the uh... the piercing and stuff in that body i just got on get it i don't get you know what that is
that's what i was talking about before people will do things just because other people do them
therefore all that's a great idea i think i'll do that i'll stick something in my tongue i'll be
face my body i'll do all these grotesque things to myself because people are so god damn weak
how stupid can you possibly be to put post and uh... crap in your tongue in your mouth
i wouldn't know that it's bad enough but in your mouth
exactly i went into an ice cream store and there were two girls working behind the counter
to serve us one of them had like purple hair the other one had green hair i got over that real quick
it was the earrings uh... through their eyelids
oh yeah i look for the bug there
uh...
i'm in the girl up in the mouth that can i help you and i saw something dangling in a mouth
my son and i walked out that was it
always going to place where you're buying something to eat right always that
that's unbelievable okay thanks
but i have a great life
when it's out here now okay get rid of that stuff stopping lemons okay it's like
the assholes who wanted to be uh... individuals in the sixties so they all
dressed the same and smell the same and look the same
we're being individualist either are no individualists
they're like what maybe ten of us in the world are like individualist and
everybody else wants to be like everybody else
because they all want to be accepted and they all want to think what everybody else
things because it's fashionable like the guys with the earrings oh it's a fashion
it's a fashion statement we're in earring in each ear to wear a fruit loop in
each ear just as towards michael
yeah there you go
fricking faggot
phony son of a bitch i mean like somebody like he had to get caught in the
tea room for somebody to figure out that that was a faggot i mean
seriously are you people deft them in blind
like this ricky martin picture take a look at that picture okay
if he don't look like he's ready for opalaka airport any second now run away
number two jesus christ
oh yeah but his gal pal and oh get out of here with his craft that's a problem
in america just full of lies and bs
nothing would please me more after it makes his first fifty million dollars
of all his craft that he's peddling from to get up there on jaylenna again or
stand out there new year's eve right in time square and say all you girls
out there guess what you lose i'm a flaming faggot okay too bad
wouldn't that be great wouldn't that be wonderful
oh here's a mobile in bokeh hello
no yes sir oh perfect timing after that last
statement i got a backup that guy not necessarily a fashion statement but backup
boys oh the bit yeah right yeah but uh i don't know matter sexual i've got
both years pierced probably six or seven years
yeah um i know a lot of people in the museum can i ask you one question
yes why well because i was in vantral long time and it's like you
were you were in what vant you know like uh first like a
heavy metal group i first said damn pierces everything in that
but then like like like you know like Ricky Martin anybody in a dance group these
days definitely got both years pierced not that they're mostly homosexual
but not everybody is but you know if anybody with that Caesar haircut
anymore oh yeah you know like the urban guys they go that all got
posted that little tight in Caesar haircut you know like Louise McGill had
there for about five minutes till here with me say on here that it's a real
staggy thing and even Julius Caesar was embarrassed by
there you go in fact i think that's why he got stabbed you know Caesar when he
came back home with that haircut one day i think that was the end of him
well i don't know it's it is kind of a i don't know but it's not a fashion
statement but i don't think it's this openly uh sexual
statement as as a lot of people thank well so what is it
it's just like you know the way you would you would wear jewelry and it's a
certain way that you find that looks attractive yeah so let me ask you this how
come there are guys who wear two earrings in one year
now that i don't know i don't know that's like what you're saying it's some kind of
that now that's supposed to mean something like for him to say so it seems to me that means like
if you wear two earrings in your left ear you're like saying hey man i'm as straight as an arrow
and all you homo stay away from me and vice versa you know what i'm saying
right like you're just foaming completely if you had both uh in your right ear pierce or something
okay good like your pal yes thank you watch where you pierce it all right by the way JP just met
Jeff Cohen here stay away from him because as much as he loves the women i'm a little bit nervous
about him always wonder about no seriously i wonder about guys with ponytails especially guys that
are as horny as this guy when you put some clothes on please the next time you come in here we love
your food jesus christ almighty man you're in your you're in the food business you're in the restaurant
business and you are the most unappetizing and plus to check out the fingernails too by the way
maybe he'll lose his appetite for lunch jesus christ that was on the list by the way guys who paint
their fingernails you know what i'm saying five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
mobile one what about guys that use any libraries guys that use pencil thin vibrators up
another ten marks against them here's mirror mar hello mirror mark going once long gone here's
windward hello we have nia yes sir we have my niggas uh-huh yeah man i went to airing
man and i can't stand psychic man i was so awkward and tell you okay great how come i knew when it
said windward was the same asshole i called two days ago also from windward good idea for a pal
next time you call with your phony accent use some other place okay because it's too obvious
even steady windward wouldn't buy in the bed five six seven oh five sixty
five sixty on the mobile one line here's hi alia hello hey nia yes sir um i'm gonna explain to
the reason for the earring deal please back in the old people are all such a bunch of liars by
the way um back in the old days pirates used to wear earrings to rebel against the government
and i guess that today people wear earrings to rebel against society yeah and um i think we
should also put the n i it's great okay it gets lost this one point two pal they're like to charge
well now there's one of your people that's one of your little uh friends and they're playing
grab after each other right now they're squeezing it real tight five six seven oh five sixty
in fact this guy's got a earring in his rectum and pound five probably with a leash on it pound five
sixty on the mobile one line oh god your confused people here's a mobile in dainia hello
hey nia what's going on how you doing sir not too bad listen uh my ex-girlfriend had her tongue pierced
yeah and uh it doesn't it doesn't really affect uh philatio you can't really feel it too much i
being getting deep broated is so much better than you know having to have someone who has a
tongue pierced it would be i mean it's and and i also have uh two earrings on my left ear i think it
means that you party is what it is you're crazy thank you party uh huh that's basically it
okay we believe you all right bro okay back in the house and hide is what i would do five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line well i got my sausage now with cheese
onions from the pizza lot got our great lunch here everybody's all whipped up into a frenzy with the
food because basically when you come right down to it you know all we can say is i don't give a
sh** me more yeah that's what we say here at qa and we really mean it too when we say it we mean it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line wqa and riki martin line
hello what is that oh you've got to be provided what is it okay what wait a minute let me see if i can
see i hate this thing what is this piece of crap yes okay tomorrow night at the bobcat game as
usual the piece loft starts to gain by bringing the up something i thought i was the shameless
plow no no i don't want anyone to mix to miss lexie loft so we'll be bringing the ball out to the
center of the field stripper i don't know what she does when she's not bringing the football out
yeah that's the field no one that you got something to do whether she must be um yeah i had to
get her an extra large t shirt to wear and it's built tight but her name busty balls no lexie
loft yeah so she will be delivering the game ball tomorrow i think that the name of the pizza
loft should be pizza loft sex and Italian food seriously i think it would be a family restaurant
yeah so how do you get make families without having sex that's a good point yeah the uh i mean you
got Monday night is lasagna night yes Tuesday night is uh what is it eggplant eggplant night when's the
is kid night Thursday night Thursday night could be lexie and the sexy night at the pizza loft you know
what an orgy there on Thursday sounds pretty interesting yeah yeah the copy next week maybe we'll
here you go Thursday night it's orgy night is the pizza loft okay you can put anything in the
joint in your mouth in the way through charge five six seven oh five sixty that whole thing about the
uh the thing the earring in the tongue the appears tongue that just it makes me want to puke i can't
be get it in when i see somebody like that walking around and they open up their mouth it always makes
a good impression you know if if i were going to go for an interview for a job if i might
like put on a real nice suit you know in a tie and have an uh a thing in my mouth god
but hey that's the american f and wavy baby and you really want to see it go to brilin sometime i
didn't see that much of it in cologne they're a little class you there but in brilin Germany wow
they got all these stands out there on the main drags there where they sell air be kind i mean you
talk about body piercing they got rectum rings and uh bells and beads you name it they got it
unbelievable what are you talking about jeff this jeff cologne man ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba what
that is your show i thank you here's a mobile invoker hello hello yes sir i don't know
i have anything to say about the show but can you play jack in the box ever heard no no no you can't
five six seven over what what do you uh the microphone is it still on oh here's microphone
i what do you want so when you're pointing you're pointing like up at the sky well that's where it is
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line you're bunch of liars you're not
full now the rest of us okay you earring people here's a mobile invoker hello
mobile invoker going once hello hi nirings yes sir you post a value button rings or no
am i opposed to what value button rings you don't like common rings what about value button
leaves me cold you know i'm saying i hear you what what do you think i'm actually
Canadian working down here bokeh um just wanted to talk about the maple leaf conference final
uh sir tonight i really haven't been hearing the show the last few days of the show you're talking
about the lease i know your big fan what do you think about the theories and what about the
content of this unfortunately there is absolutely no interest in hockey in this town whatsoever
which is another reason it's such a you know the fact that we got a sports station
in this town it's such a joke this isn't a sports town they don't know from it they don't care
from it we've had all these exciting games the leaf buffalo two games were both exciting as hell
any of these people don't know from it they couldn't give a crap you know the mayor and Toronto
male often made the whole city where white and blue for for data that showed the support
just obviously the biggest thing that happened exactly the biggest thing that happened since
the lot of angel of kings in what ninety three and we haven't had a family cup in Toronto
with thirty one year so thirty thirty two years sir nineteen sixty seven i think and haven't
been there haven't been the panel since sixty seven either by the way
how do i go see me boy there you go
what do you i think that series is going to turn out well i was real nervous after that first
game but you know something we lost the first game of the Philadelphia series one of series and six
lost it back here the Pittsburgh series at home came back and wanted to six i think the whole
deal is to get them if they can pull a game off tonight i think we can win a series
what about Dallas and couten go ahead to the other all of a sudden belfours you know he's
playing for real looks like it's going to be Dallas and whoever buffalo or Toronto exciting stuff
but if you know always hold your breath that i need to be going to wait till the finals to pull
his choke routine for this year would be good that's right maybe for the next year but thanks so much
okay go these go right you got it go to go to go okay there's a hockey fan but of course he's from
Toronto so what do you expect because you know something about it here do they know anything
no no no you picked the topic do they know it no even earrings do they know it they're wearing them
do they know why no twenty seven past noon at five sixty wq and you know there's not good it's great
wow what a nice deck thanks i love him deck it's so big i think mine's bigger i've seen your deck it's
not bigger when did he show you his deck over a kids house i was on his deck you wrote his deck it was
before your deck your deck is bigger my deck was pretty firm then you had a rock hard deck it's
softer now when we got his deck one summer for how long did you enjoy it at the time but my
deck's bigger what is it with you guys in your deck how many decks have you been on does it
matter you just can't get enough deck can you yours is the biggest and the best okay i'm going to
do you love my deck oh let me kiss it i'm going to kiss you deck oh yeah it's my deck baby and
stroke it uh rubbed my deck this is really kinky what i've never seen a woman clam on another
made deck and rub his heart deck and stroke his firm deck doesn't turn you on you never did that's a
my deck i love his deck oh yeah baby suck my deck oh yeah love my deck deck sucker out oh what
sprinter just swallow never spit it out girl's love big hard decks on a man girls don't like tiny
rough decks big thick decks available at dicks decks so you're yellow page okay so what were you saying
just now was throbbing i wish i would have had that in my keyers on during the last two three minutes who
would have we been off the year we'd lost our license but it would have been great 12 33 at five 60
wqa and pizza law like i said not the fast is not the cheapest but the horniest in the universe
make no mistake about that okay great thanks for the food and the perverted stories thank you
here's my any hello my any yeah yeah how you doing okay sir uh listen i was that listen to your show
we didn't i was just uh listening to you talking about rakey morning uh he's uh he's he's a personal
friend of mine he's a good friend of mine uh from back then uh from from back when we used to go
to school together when he was in the middle one now i was just hold the horn up yeah okay great
so he just took the other thing out of his hand yeah you call that a penis five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line maybe he maybe that was as much material as he had
the chance to write out before i got to here's bokeh hello hello yes sir yes me know my name is
rui i'm visiting from New Jersey my wife told me it is a great song called my anus i was
wanting if you could play it you like my anus is that what you're saying i never heard it
that's why i'm I'm glowing to see if you can play it and i can hear it yeah okay we'll work on it okay
okay thanks a lot and have a great day you can and watch your anus okay five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line so there was a close personal friend what he say he
said he was uh doing all of minuto is what he said something like that here's a mobile and west
pond being chill out hey Neil yes sir what's going on how you doing hey i'm calling uh i'm also
a canadian so make it a canadian hour i'm a hockey fan all right and i know a little bit about the
game i hope i only watched four or five Stanley Cup come on at the ten but anyways uh what happened
to the gold-ending match up we had this series with tronto and and buffalo where's the domineer at
domineer he be hurting you know i know he's hurt and you know i mean just like Pat Quinn said at
the press conference after the game the other night we'll take whatever we can get you know he can't
make excuses yeah but still i mean we're getting close to the to the finals now and he's got to step
up and you know when he's got to step up he's injured he's got a pool of groin he's pulling it okay he
can't he can't play it can't be a goalie would have a better groin i understand that but i mean
it's going to get to a point where roly's goalie's not going to be able to keep the men longer great
excellent yeah i know and the only reason i'm saying that's good i'm not going to be around kid
and from rochester that kid looks pretty good give him a shave and stick his ass in there
yeah but i'm like i said i'm not pulling for the least only for the fact that beckujo uh
who is a great goalie i'll give him all that yes he is he left it and didn't go to tronto just
for the sake of getting to a contender which at the beginning of the season with just for the
second getting to a contender the least mr playoffs two years in a row of everybody picked him to
miss the playoffs this year and he want to get a contender six many in a year i think is what
might have done it sir that's what i was saying he didn't he didn't leave he didn't leave it
the problem of professional sports that's why the whole thing is going down the toilet because nobody
wants to put a salary cap on these ridiculous salaries and small markets like Edmonton and win
a peg yourself what happened to them and out Pittsburgh was right on the bubble you know they're like
maybe maybe they maybe yes and maybe you know that's what's happened in the professional sports
because you got all these overpaid jocks you know it seems to be that maybe four or five million
a year most of us could scrape by it you know i'm saying oh i don't think any athletes need
15 and 18 and 20 million a year yeah you know what and that's what serves me off right now but
that's why it's all a bunch of crap yeah i thank you and god bless you sir and go leave
school like i said kick the rags with it without the dominator i don't know i mean at least
having had Alan McCauley and Igor Coraler for the whole playoffs and i graduated they're not in
the same category with hoshik and the mr sloshed 10 but nevertheless you don't complain you do you
go with what you got and you do the best you can five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the mobile online well i wish you could have heard the disgusting stories we were listening to
and here during that last break that they involve mechanical devices they involved the body parts
mechanical devices things that drugs things that have been invented yet concerts all strippers
hookers love handles large bazookas i mean you name it city of shakagat i was about the only a
normal part of the conversation with shakagat what a great place i was and the only things he was
doing there were all perverted to by the way and congratulations to him more power to him
anybody who doesn't like a good old pervert well that person forget about him here's a mobile
invoiting beach hello i knew yes sir i'm a white male married and i like wiki martin because
oh he's so much better than listening to fat hanks fat hanks yeah okay great thank you
five six seven all the wiki martin has a fat ass so maybe that's why you attracted to him that
might be a city but it started looking in the mirror and checking yourself pretty soon to be put
in earring in both the ears and maybe in both back dome cheeks five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line they're all having such identity crises out there you
know what i'm saying they're all struggling especially after they heard that survey wouldn't
surprise me that we have a whole lot of people out there that were like eights nines and tens on
at dam survey twelve well if you're cuban you had to have at least a twelve oh my god Neil
my
ain't it
my
ain't it
my
ain't it
my
ain't it
my
ain't it
my
ain't it
hi kids y'all like cut little fingers that's a little sound that comes right out
you think it
wanna copy me and do exactly like i do get paid to write little songs about
woo-woo my brains are gone i'm trying to get my groove on
but i can't figure out which spot girl i'm gonna far down in dr. drake ass yo meet your past
kids
yeah i know what do i smell ass man you look well
well since age twelve it seemed like i always smelled i thought ripin gases and jim was pretty swell
i got hit hard when i took my jeans off and fought it so hard it turned my luck
I'm going backwards like Chris Crocs.
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner, lad,
then point out my ass, fastin' a fat bitch who ain't too fat.
Smell this honey, go, get away from me, it's my girl, cunt.
I don't give a fuck, God says me to stink the world up.
My ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it,
my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it,
my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it,
my ain't gonna see you wanna meet kicked out back in junior high.
Said the problem was something,
Prove out my ass and die.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walked in the strip club, my testers were filled up.
Moons of Bob Tanners took a dump in a tip club.
Went over to a dancer, had a fuck in her garden.
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a pharter.
99% of my life I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got more cancer than I do.
I told her I broke up to be a famous rapper.
They were wrapped about strange noises made on the crampor.
You know you was dirt when the living brothers leave.
You drive the homeless back, but you must need it,
receive the sky and watch out for the city.
It was pretty cool, but I had to go.
Go drop the kids off and move.
My ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it,
my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it,
my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it,
my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it,
my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it,
my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it,
okay well let's hear it out of Corey.
Corey's famous by the way he's going to Ford.
Did you know that?
He's going to Ford Myers to be a TV star.
Oh, whoo!
Like that.
Ford Myers, maybe we'll get some calls over there.
What channels are gonna be on?
WS-T-S.
Which is channel, we know my callers,
we got numbers on FOS, what is the number,
what channel number?
It's uh, does he know?
No, no, no.
He'll figure it out.
It's on the FOS, okay, which means they're gonna be
hyperventilating.
He's gonna be doing news.
He's gonna be a news man over there like Lenny Martens,
he's gonna do news.
That's great.
Is it that's great watching all these other people move up
in the world while the rest of us just here
are vegetating in this toilet in this garbage
ridden place in this awful septic tank?
Awful.
Here's my, when you're working for peanuts.
Here's Miami, hello?
Welcome, stuff.
Great.
Thank you.
Multibanny.
The Ricky Martin, I can't stand like this ever since
it was a mid-new though.
I've never got these guys calling it.
I don't believe one of these people,
I'm not that there were that many,
there were like three or four people in one fax.
Oh yeah, I'm a straight guy and I love Ricky Martin.
Right.
I love the event, okay?
You obviously play those three songs,
which I would assume would be good.
I mean, I don't know who Ricky Martin is sleeping with.
I hear rules and reports from people
who know him very, very, very, very,
very inemidly by the way.
I don't know that's his business.
I don't give a crap.
Well, the idea that straight males are in
the Ricky Martin's music to me,
I take somewhat of skill, you know what I'm saying?
Well, you know what, you know what,
I don't even care about a sexual orientation.
The guy, he's totally on talent.
You play those three songs, okay?
You have one that creep a loco or something.
I think that's a loco, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, now I know what,
now I know what,
now I know what,
and there's a loco,
loco, I'm missing more,
whatever the hell I'm doing.
Now I know what Bob's doing with sound like
if he was Spanish, okay?
Good, good, good, good, good.
Good, good, good.
Yeah.
And all the other shows of the station,
oh, you're chronic on all the shows in the station, okay,
bye.
Well, he had enough to say already.
That's it.
What do you mean all the other shows on the station?
He also calls those four shows.
He's got the whole thing in here.
He calls the sports shows this guy.
We got a sports nerd on his show.
Oh my gosh.
God, on my right in the middle of my lunch,
I made a debar,
and if I didn't do what I was Jeff Cohen
was telling me his exploits.
See, I'm gonna explain something to you, okay?
I don't, I hope you don't take this the wrong way,
and if you do a tough crap,
because everybody don't care.
But always in the American society,
it's always us fags.
We're always the perverts.
You know, we're the ones that are promiscuous,
and we're bad, and we're evil,
and we're waiting into bushes.
But in the meantime, I'm gonna tell you something.
I have never in my life ever met anyone more kinky
than Jeff Cohen.
I mean, this man,
and I don't be grudging,
if he's getting late every half hour,
more power to him, okay?
The rest of us would just be jealous.
But I mean, just on and on,
bop, bop, bop, bop,
this, you know what,
he must have a penis made of steel this man.
Honest to God, he must have the sex organ of a woman
shaped like the sex organ of a man.
Just unbelievable, on and on and on
in the most unbelievable grotesque detail.
And in his case, if he's involved in it,
believe me, grotesque is the word.
I mean, he's a great guy, great food, good friend.
We love him, but just seeing him with that tank top
is enough to make me,
that's better than the Atkins diet.
I could go on a diet for,
I know food diet for months,
looking at him for like more than five minutes
with that tank top.
Kinda reminds me like when the nephew comes in,
after going to the gym or wherever he's hanging out,
smelling real bad with that tank top on, you know,
like he's just been working out in the gym.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, or at bitter bottoms,
one of those places,
and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's South Miami, hello.
Yeah, hi Neil.
How you doing, sir?
First time, a long time.
And I just wanted to tell you that the body part piercing,
my daughter went to Europe on an exchange program
a couple of years ago when she was in high school,
and came back with one of her nose.
Good luck, Cory.
Boy, it was fine out with the numbers
that are in that station that would help.
Fine out the address too, would be good.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
I haven't gotten over that with the nose button.
And I just wanted to,
I know you believe in truth and broadcasting,
there is no runway two at Dopolaca, okay?
I'm obviously just a, you know.
I know, I know, I know, just,
nice talking to you.
I didn't want to give you the exact location
because then all those girls would be screaming
and carrying out cases, whatever.
Okay, there's no runway two at all.
Hope of day, everybody get that?
Okay, good, right that time, Mark, in your coat.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, woo.
And you know something else,
I realized that parents out there,
you got a tough time in your kids'
especially as they get a little bit older,
they start getting more and more rebellious,
especially once they get up to about the age of 40.
They start trying to do their own thing.
But what kind of parents let their kids walk around?
I'm talking about young, they're like 13 and 14 year old kids
with all of these things.
Supposed to bring it comes from the barren says,
Dad, I want to have like a tongue post,
a thing in my eyebrow, what in my navel?
You're paying for it.
And that would be your only response?
No, of course not.
What would your response be?
I say if you want to, you know,
repeat your own body, wait till you're 18
and it's your body,
and that will be ill-said crap.
And don't ever come back here again.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hi, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Great show.
Yes it is.
About Ricky Martin, I can't stand him either.
I had enough faggots already around.
What?
Oh my god.
And I'm Spanish, okay.
I'm a Cuban?
No, terrible.
This is a Cuban telling you this.
Okay.
Also, talk about faggots.
We have a couple here in Miami and the politicians.
Do you talk about that?
Couple of what?
Faggot.
No, we can't name faggots on here.
Oh, okay.
Unless they're out of the closet, which I'm sure they're not.
Well, they're not.
Madi-conis.
Madi-conis.
Madi-conis in cheese.
One that runs the city.
But it's terrible.
But that's why things are the way they are here in Miami.
That's why things are a little queer in Miami, right?
Yeah, very queer.
Okay, sweetheart.
All the way to Congress.
Give me a big kiss for me.
Okay.
Thank you.
Right to go to our booth.
You'll take care of it.
Still sending the camp.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Is that something you sit back there?
Is Cory Satan going to be a big TV star?
He'll be in four Myers from about six months.
Then he'll be in New York like right after that.
That's right.
That's where it starts.
That's where it works.
All these people I've worked with.
Chris Myers at KAT.
There he is on Fox now or whatever the hell he is.
Craig Sager with WSPB and Sarah Soda.
He's out there out of ESPN somewhere.
All these little punks.
All these little sports nerd punks.
See, the one thing about Cory, which enables him to go there
and do news and not just be a sports nerd,
is he's got a little bit more interest
than just being a sports nerd.
In fact, he told me the other day he has nothing
but the greatest contempt for the sports nerds
in this building.
Can't stand.
He's nauseated and revolted by it.
I can say that now that he's leaving.
Oh, he changed his mind.
Well, too bad.
You're leaving anyway.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Yes, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I'm a hockey fan.
And I watched both of those series so far.
I thought it was the Colorado and the Dallas series.
It was pretty good.
I mean, there was some good officiating in that game.
When it came to the Buffalo Toronto game,
what happened to the officiating?
I thought.
Meaning what?
Well, too many penalties.
I mean, here we are in the Stanley Cup finals.
And if you looked at all the other areas.
I'll tell you one thing.
The second suit Barnes World.
That was the most fanned and penalty on Sylvain Cotei
ever saw in my life.
But let me say it again.
I was leaf fans.
We don't cry.
We don't make excuses.
We don't blame the referees like some of these other
crybaby teams like the flyers.
We just don't know.
It's to me like when you get to the playoffs.
Let them play like Don.
Like Don Cherry says.
Let it lay.
Yeah, they didn't the other series.
And they're not doing it here.
Yeah, let them play.
I'd like to see them play.
And especially when that Buffalo power play,
the fewer of power plays they got, the happier I'm going to be.
They got a lot of little power.
And you know, I mean, I'm a Buffalo fan.
But the point is, and I'm not complaining about it.
I'm just saying that, you know, your Portland penalty
is late in the game.
With the game already in hand, the Sabers rallied.
And soon they started rallying.
And he's here from the penalties now.
One after the other.
And it's almost lasted to the end of the game.
And I just felt that, you know, if they are,
they're just, there's no fighting.
They can't fight.
Yeah.
You can't, you know, say.
OK, we'll say hi to Rob Ray.
OK.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
It's time to meet like a little sour grapes on his part.
Once he told us he was a Buffalo fan after they got the game close,
hate to break the news to you, sir.
The only reason they got the second through Barnes School
in that game was a really phantom call when Alexey Jitnik took a dive.
And they called a penalty on Sylvan Cote.
Unbelievably unacceptable call.
They showed the replay.
He never touched it.
He never breathed on him.
A dive.
Sign him up for the guy at the Olympics with Greg Lusannis.
Here's a mobile in the Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
And Neil, you were talking about guys with two earrings and one here.
Let's get this earring thing straightened out.
I'm begging and nobody will touch this with a 10 foot thing.
Look, I don't know what everybody's reasons are,
but my reasons, because I had three in one year,
but I lost one and I never bothered to put that back.
It goes to show.
It's always good to have a couple of spares.
Yep.
I did it because everybody I knew already had one earring
in their ears.
I did two.
There'd be different.
Yeah.
That's it.
That's why I did it.
And Greg was also being stupid.
And every time I've gone on a job interview, I take them out.
But let me ask you this.
I'm assuming they weren't your left ear, right?
Yes.
And why was that?
As far as I know, so people don't think I'm gay.
Exactly.
That's my point.
I don't know why everybody is in denial on this.
To me, if a guy wears an earring in his left ear,
that means he's straight.
If he wears an earring in his right ear, he's gay.
But I always assume that if you wear them both,
they're both ears, you're gay.
You're just way too close to being feminine to me.
By.
That means if you want it, you've got to buy it.
OK, pal.
All right.
Always keep a spare.
Yep.
And an earring too.
That's what Jeff Collins says.
Maybe that's what he's got a couple of spares in the back.
Man is just unbelievable.
This can go 20, 30, 40 hours a day and non-stop bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.
I mean, this guy's unbelievable.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
On the 18th, he wore this line.
By the way, if you're one of the sports,
their callers don't even think about calling their show.
Because they go crazy to call and come to your home and just drag you ass off.
I mean, that goes to Jory.
We're really scraping the bottom of the barrel.
We start getting sports, nerd callers on his highly rated show, which, by the way,
thanks very much, Greg Reed, for not acknowledging the phenomenal ratings on some of these shows here
like in the midday and the afternoon.
That's just the way I think it's covering up for the deficiencies of that worst team show in the morning.
I think that's what he was doing since they were like on the ass end of the numbers.
Not the day they'd bad, but on the ass end.
So that was a lot easier to make Bluff Lindsay the whatever he was of the month.
What was the word?
The what of the month?
12.56.
Oh, no, Jesus right after lunch, too.
Oh, I guess what?
What do that thing say if you read the star, you're a bag?
I just think that he just he just he just happened to pick it up on the hallway.
Yeah, he just ran into it.
It just blew out of the sky into his hands.
Yeah, and the magazine too.
The May 11th issue of star here it is with that disgusting saline pray for my saline deon
who makes me want to vomit.
I'm going to tell you I'm going to spend a lot of time on my hands and knees puking.
That is.
And here it is on page 10, Karamba.
It's Ricky Martin the hottest thing since jalapenos.
jalapeno pepper peppers.
Oh God.
Can he sing?
No, or what?
No.
Can he do it?
No.
Is he a no?
Ricky almost put show business and it was first time of hard drive group noodle to
what 18 because the course he was to all for the pedophiles of my night group.
And there he is with Madonna probably sing this song.
Oh, this is.
Oh, I'm serious.
Wouldn't you think can't you just see one of those drag routines speaking of Brazilians
by the way, some guy with a silly wig doing this is like a put on the only the only
difference is this is for real.
He's serious.
Like they said in the Godfather, it's business and this man is taking it personal.
This is a joke and the audience, the people out there, the record buying public, the silly
women, they're taking it serious like this man is really singing a song.
Oh, time to clean up your act Ricky.
Make no mistake about it.
If it's time to clean up your carpeting, what a segue.
How about our friends at dry concerts?
My lawyer said, hey, my balls were blue and I heard a band's heart.
What a butter figure.
I see vibes of trees and they see why.
I think the mosquito would dare not bite and I think to myself.
I see a little butter figure.
I know I've drink a lot and I'm feeling great.
I've got to find a date cause lately it's been dry.
I reach out with my hands and say, how are you doing?
Really meaning you'll have to do so much the last time.
I guess that bomb, how would you ask to see an ex-greenhouse or mine?
Now I'm so happy.
What a butter figure.
Yeah, acting massive.
What a butter figure.
Hey, we got one.
Why don't you give me five 60s and I'll follow them.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60s.
It's interesting to me.
We have many people calling today who wear earrings on one ear, on one cheek.
Bracked on somewhere.
And they really don't know why.
And that bears out the point that I made.
It's interesting.
You see what I'm going to tell you about how things in life all mesh together?
That's what Jeff Cohen was telling me about things meshing together.
But not necessarily those kinds of things.
But they all ties in.
Along with me, I got one in my nose, one in my right cheek, one in my navel,
one in my right nipple, one in my post in my tongue.
And why?
Well, I don't know.
It seemed like a good idea at the time.
Everybody else is doing it.
Here's for a lot of deal.
Hello.
Yeah, can you play that Ricky Martin song?
No, I can't.
Here's a Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
And everything you're talking about the gear.
You know, you never thought you wouldn't give what the one entire amount would do.
How about you?
What?
You listen to this show every day.
Is that what you said, sir?
Yeah.
You never thought you wouldn't give what the gun inside of you.
Where are you from, sir?
You're from Jamaica?
Malikong.
Malikong.
Oh, you're from Cuba.
Oh, okay.
Well, there you go.
He said he's gaining Cuban.
Well, it's redundant, isn't it?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, n
but he's pretty good.
So even at least got a better announcer in Joe Bowen.
How do you like that, sir?
The rich guy right here is great.
By the way, did anybody wake up Bob Cool
for the game tonight yet?
No.
Pokemon aside, see if he's still a warm.
567-0560, pound 560, got a few hockey calls here today.
It's about time these back turns woke up.
Jesus Christ.
Well, when's the Panther start to play again?
I said we're talking about hockey, not the Panthers.
Don't you know the difference?
No.
Holy cow, errands coming.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
What would you do if I had normal food?
Good to do.
I'd have been by my CD.
Who you can't long when I street got a phone.
It's like how much I sing.
I'll keep you key.
I'm a get by within the plants in my breath.
I guess I live in the same place.
I don't have to try with him plants in my breath.
Did you know this shot won anybody?
I only had to pull my panties down.
I'll take a clean in your body.
You're not convinced in where I could find now.
Can you simply buy just a spray in your life?
Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a turmeric guy.
How old will you be?
Sweet and young, lemon-tea.
Well, at least until I'm out of rehab 35.
I get by within the plants in my breath.
I guess, guys, within the plants in my breath.
I don't have to try with him plants in my breath.
Have you seen your life page for me?
He left through me by carrying my plate.
He's called on me.
When this business, that's the most important thing.
I'm a get by within the plants in my breath.
Okay, be careful.
Don't step out of the hole.
I'll bring it here at the end because it might burst.
There you go.
Is that it?
Thank you.
Okay, 114 is 560WQM.
Here's a thanks from our friends over at a West Coast.
It says WFTX cable channel 4, UHF 36 and Cape Coral, Pine Island Road, Telecorita call.
We've been getting calls on what he's going to be doing here, etc.
Maybe we can billboard him.
Signed Joey C.
Well, of course, is on.
And you know now they're calling 770, even though it's WWC and other legal call orders, the Beasley station.
That you're hearing us over at a West Coast right now.
Those four of you who are listening.
They're calling it 77 QAN.
Are you aware of that?
Do you have any do we have any understanding as to know?
Okay.
But anyway, give them some publicity over there.
Cory, say the Stokes, June or something rather than the first week in June.
On channel four, inform Myers.
Nice going, Cory.
Congratulations to anybody getting out of this horse and buggy.
God for sicken deadass.
Out through a funeral part of a place.
This banana boat republic.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's an honest fact that says.
I'm 100% flaming faggot.
And I hate repeat hate Ricky Martin.
He sounds like he's puking.
And then the parentheses it says.
But I would suck his.
Sign Berry.
Rhymes with.
Thank you very for your refreshing honesty.
Okay.
Here's a mobile informer, waterdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, yeah, I'm not on a mobile, but that's okay.
Here's for waterdale.
Not on a mobile.
Okay.
Listen, I saw something today.
Swipe in the channels around with all those favorite friends there at TVN.
You're not going to believe this one.
Yes, sir.
They got a guy on this morning who looks like one of these Elvis want to be televangelists.
Sitting at that castle or whatever they built out with.
That's a beautiful yard there.
Yeah.
And he's warning people about why 2k.
Oh my god.
And not only is he telling them to be in the eye.
Come on.
The end is coming.
You can feel it, can't you?
Yeah.
It's telling them to stockpile food and water, but I don't want to get you scared.
There's going to be riots and all this.
And make sure you got guns.
You learn how to use them.
That's right, it's all you.
Right.
This was unbelievable.
I think they've been watching too many old Charlton Heston movies.
And he's offering them something called the family readiness checklist.
It includes all this stuff.
And it's free of charge, but don't forget to tuck in your love gift.
That was a caper.
Yeah.
The world is coming to an end, but we need your money just in case it doesn't.
You know, just in case.
Oh, this is too much.
I think the guy's name is Steve Rock.
You got to see this sometimes.
Okay.
This was really far out even for them.
Excellent.
Thanks for the good news.
Take care, and he'll see you on the other side.
Okay, man.
Okay, when the world comes to an end on the year, whatever it's going to be, the millennium.
Let's argue about that.
One through ten is ten and eleven through.
Oh, no, don't do that.
I mean, I keep asking myself.
Why?
Did I even waste my time with that four hours, but it's your kill the whole show that day.
Getting these hostile facts is from all these very intelligent people as opposed to dumb like us here.
All these much smarter than us people who have all the answers to everything.
Oh, we're sitting out here laughing at how stupid you are.
Oh, yeah.
I know that if I have ten apples, yeah.
And then if I have ten pear, there's a lot of food around.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound, five, sixty.
And he's earring people.
You know something?
You're exactly what I'm talking about.
And I don't mind the guy who's got a little earring.
Makes no difference to me.
What do I care?
Some people that looks good, you know?
I mean, when they get the big fruit loops there, to me, it just starts looking goofy.
And then when they got the thing, I mean, you walk into a store now.
You walk into a drug store to buy a bottle of soda or prescription, whatever it is.
And here's some wacko behind the counter.
And she's got a little earring in her eyebrow.
She's got one in her nose.
She's got a bone through her nose.
She's got a post in her tongue.
She's got, I mean, unbelievable.
She's got two or three in her neck.
Correct him.
Man.
Well, what's the point?
What is it?
What is the point?
What is the purpose?
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
And let me ask you this, by the way, before they invented this thing where they put post in your tongue,
so you can get an infected tongue, by the way, and maybe die from it.
Before they invented that, how did people have oral sex before that?
Oh.
Wow.
How did people raise kids before they had all these people like Mr. Spock to tell everybody a doctor's Spock and Mr. Spock to point their ears in the right direction?
How did they do that?
Now everybody's got to be just like everybody else.
So yeah, let's stick our finger out the window and see what the latest trend is.
And then we'll start doing it too, so we can be cool and hip and boring just like all these other assholes.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Just moved down here a couple of days ago.
I love your show.
A couple of days ago?
Yeah, from where?
North Florida.
Oh.
Well, that's an improvement.
Well, not much at once.
Oh, okay.
But you know, you're talking about faggot and everything.
And it made me wonder, this cop up in New York who just played a guilty to stick up in that stick, up that guy.
Corrector.
Yeah.
Oh, you think he's maybe got a secret fantasy or a fetish or something?
Maybe he likes to hang around the old jailhouse all day and all that's personally late at night.
If he's not a faggot, you think he will be by the time he gets out of prison?
Uh, he sure might get some lessons.
I'll tell you that.
Hey, take your mic.
First of all, they find out who he is and what he's done.
Exactly.
I think the brothers will have a nice welcome party for him.
Okay, see you.
See you.
Oh, he's going to be, and he's going to be singing at Beach Boys Remake in my room.
567-0560, pound 566 on the AT&T wireless line.
I hope I really do.
I hope they get a hold of him and stick a real long.
Corrector.
That's right.
Crazy son of a bitch.
Oh, he wanted to get power over this guy.
Just an obnoxious crazy racist son of a bitch like many of your police and they know that.
You know, when you have the badge in the gun and you can act out your fantasies and do your thing.
You notice how I didn't get one single response today.
It's fascinating.
I never meant to mention that one brief story about OJ.
But about that thing about all the prejudice and bigotry.
Not one comment about that.
Not one denial.
So okay, I appreciate the fact that at least you're willing to admit it and fast up to it.
See, if I were a member of a minority, which I'm a member of at least three that I can pick up immediately.
If not sooner, I would know all about bigotry and about being the target of it.
So it would tend to make me a lot more open-minded and less judgmental.
But here's a lady in Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Here's Corey Sabin's first fan on Channel 4 and 4 Myers.
What are you doing?
Great.
You know, I am calling.
Why is that?
Because you're all talking about the earring thing.
Yes.
And honestly, I hope they don't wear earrings over in Fort Myers.
No, they do, but they wear them everywhere.
And they're so stupid.
Yeah.
That's about, I think that's like a 70s thing or an 80s thing where people that you've a gay have straightened out of what ear they wear.
Yeah, I think if you're in your 70s or 80s, you can probably get away with her.
Exactly.
You know, so I don't think that's really an issue anymore.
Like I think if someone's gay, there's other indications.
Yeah.
I don't think earrings have anything to do with it.
There's other indications?
Yeah.
Well, what does that mean?
Well, like sometimes they might have the flag on the back of their car.
Rainbow flag, yeah.
Exactly.
You know what I'm talking about?
Or they might be reading Men's Health Magazine.
Possibly.
Or Star Magazine.
Or Star Magazine.
Or Star Magazine, right?
Right.
No, but you know what I'm saying?
So the earring thing doesn't have it.
And then, let's see, Ricky Martin.
Ricky Martin.
I'm from Boston.
Okay.
So Buffalo stocks.
You know, I hate Buffalo.
I'm a Bruins pet.
Yeah.
They suck, too.
But anyway, well, I love them but they don't need this good.
They're good.
They had a good ear.
What are you complaining about?
They've done good.
Really?
Yeah.
I haven't watched them since I've been down.
They've done them real good, yeah.
Oh, good.
Well, that's good to hear.
Anyway, Ricky Martin was killed when he was little.
He was like a little star, too, right?
Yeah, when he was in Manugo.
He was a little...
Exactly.
I remember that, but now it's like, you know, this is not Donnie and Marie Ear.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
So he just needs to hang it up.
Hang it up. He's hanging it.
All the young chicks are falling on the other side.
I know that, but they don't know when they get older.
They don't like when they fall.
We scare it.
We're like, we're at least now.
Wow.
Okay.
I think now we're starting to get to the meat of the matter.
Okay, sweetheart.
Have a great day.
Say hi to Cory for us.
Who's Cory?
Okay.
All right.
All right.
Here's for the lady and four buyers.
You got a long way to go.
Oh, you got a lot of work to do, Cory.
Got a lot of work to get on the map over there and four buyers.
Once you make it over there, of course, you can make it anywhere.
Just like they say here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We don't pick right to pick you Martin, all the money in the world.
We hope you make billions, okay?
But make it real soon so you can go away and leave us alone already.
I'd like to be able to turn on my TV and do a little channel surfing.
And just feel safe that in a two or three-hour period,
I won't see him once.
Wouldn't that be great?
Wouldn't that be...
Like a breath of fresh air.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Okay.
Okay. I just want to...
First time calling, but the long time admirer.
Let me ask you a question.
Larry King goes, everybody money, including my dentist in Miami.
Oh, my goodness.
I'm going to get it to collect.
I think you want to get a couple of grips on the skateboard of our two.
Yeah.
And...
I want to see how somebody should really...
You know, you put my heavy down all the time when he does it right there.
And then I do it that.
And then I do it that.
And then I do it that.
Okay. Good luck to you, sir.
Hold your breath.
Inhale right now.
We'll call you.
Get it from Ross P. Rowell.
He'll get it to you. Right, you check.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
There's three things I want to bring up.
And I hope it's not my breakfast.
The first one is that every three years that we have to have
20 songs that is really bad.
But everybody sings it and sticks to it like Lombata and Macarena.
And now we have...
And Macarena?
Well, they're terrible songs.
And they seem to make a big hit.
So I guess we're stuck with this one for at least three months.
Yeah, you're sure right about that Macarena, man.
That was one of the most annoying things in the history of the...
Well, Lombata, they're stupid songs.
But women, I don't know.
They like them.
The next thing I wanted to mention is that...
If Ricky Martin really wants to be famous, he should make a duet with a famous soft floor to singer.
Rick Sanchez would be Ricky and Ricky.
Oh, that would be...
There would go a group of Halivine, the dude.
Right, you're right.
And the last thing I wanted to mention is the high-end story of somebody had mentioned it yet.
In Spanish, youth are missing for Mady Cohn when there's women around and you don't want to use the bad word of Mady Cohn.
You say loka.
And any man who...
Loka means loka.
No, loka.
Anything loka is a youth missing for Mady Cohn, but it's a nice reward.
Right.
Whether it's women around, there's like a restaurant or a feast or something and you see a baguette.
You say there's a little message in there is what you're saying.
You say loka.
It is coming out of Anthem.
I would say this is Ricky's coming out.
Anthem.
Oh, right.
You're saying loka means...
Loka.
When you say loka to a guy walking down the street.
I'm out of it.
You say loka in Boca.
You say loka.
I'm out of the loka.
I'm out of the loka.
And loka.
That's right.
It rhymes with boca.
Right.
Anyway, Neil, that's my material.
I hope it's some good.
And by the way, I hope that O.J. Simpson dies listening to these three songs.
OK.
OK.
I'll read it arching.
OK.
We just have the real story behind the story.
OK, J.P.
Watch yourself.
Don't do anything rash.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And don't be picking up the star anymore either please.
Anyway, I'm not good for your image.
126 and 5.60 WQM.
Let me tell you, Aaron.
I've been shit like this.
Alligor.
Alligor, as you have never heard of or seen before.
Four years ago, you gave me your nominations to be by the press.
This is some crap.
I've been watching you doing that.
Lock the drain on, y'all did it.
And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate for you.
The Alborn version of the mockery radio.
Lockery radio.
Lockery radio.
Would you like to see it again?
Hang on, Lucha, aim of gun.
When your alarm goes off in the morning, lock the radio.
When one of your children reaches for serial and proofs, lock the radio.
Lock the radio.
Lock the radio.
Did you have a personality or what?
No.
131 at 5.60 WQM.
So, somebody faxes me a whole long thing here about this is of course from the internet.
So, you always raise three eyebrows when you get these things.
About aspartane.
Nutri-sweet.
And some of us who are drinking just gallons and gallons and gallons of this diet soda loaded with Nutri-sweet,
which we're all drinking right now, loaded with it.
And I don't have time to get into this today.
I think maybe, well, someday soon, after they put me in a box and it's got a list of all these side effects that aspartane
and how the government is like swept it under the carpet.
Also, I wanted to bring up about the 4D TV, big dish satellite receiver of which I'm allegedly getting one later on this afternoon having it installed.
I don't want to mention that Rimmer is the one that talked me into it.
But supposedly, on a big dish, all the stuff has gone digital now.
The picture is supposed to be tremendous and you've got 80 billion more channels and just the meal again,
and the flesh and more money down the toilet.
So, maybe somebody knows something about that, but I doubt it.
In the meantime, did we get any answers about the earrings?
No.
No.
Because they don't know themselves.
I'm not saying like you have to justify it to me or anybody else.
But just out of curiosity, where inquiry minds want to know.
What's the point?
You know, what is the message there?
As in, why?
Are you doing these things?
You know, what about men with jewelry in general?
Like just the big gold bracelets?
Well, that's Cubans.
No.
Cuban men don't know how you've been.
How you've been, June also.
Did Jews don't wear all these gold bracelets and chains and crap?
I'm going to wear them.
I'm going to wear Rolex watches that were given to them by Jordan Knight.
Some of them, yeah.
Yeah.
One in particular, it's got a big office temporary.
Jewish men wear a lot of jewelry?
I think only if their name is Junior.
I never noticed that.
Are you kidding me, man?
Latin men are doing that cheesy Romero thing.
Are you cool?
They're the worst, but they're not the only ones.
You see how defensive he is.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Davy.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Mr. Rogers.
How you doing?
Great.
Kid, I think the people you, uh, body jewelry or earrings,
and I kind of suffer self-expression.
I mean, uh...
Well, what's the message?
What do you mean self-expression?
What does it mean?
It makes them feel good, you know?
I mean, that's why we do things.
They think it's pretty good.
It makes you feel good to put a post in your tongue?
Absolutely.
I mean, I don't have one myself, but I don't...
I mean, if they want to do it,
it makes them feel good and not hurt anybody.
Why not?
Well, but if you put a post in your tongue and you like it in affection from it,
you can kill yourself from that.
I mean, I agree with you.
They got a right to do it.
I'm not questioning their right to do it.
I'm just questioning their sanity.
I mean, what is the point?
Why do you want to deface your body permanently?
I mean, at least like a nose ring or in your...
No, those things are temporary.
You can take them out anytime you want.
Well, I'll tell you, I'd rather my kid have body jewelry or tattoo
than to be scorned mentally by religion.
Yeah.
I mean, any day.
I mean...
What's that kid...
What's that kid's in your head it's over with?
Right.
I mean, at least when they grow up,
maybe they could take the earring out or wear a long sleeve shirt.
But...
At least their brain is still working.
Exactly.
And another thing with religion,
that hypocrisy with it,
people that I was coming back from Seattle on the plane
and I sat next to a lady who was religious
and I forgot to get a vegetarian meal on the plane.
And this lady said to me,
why don't you eat it?
You know, why don't you eat meat?
And I said, well, you know,
it's a humanity thing.
And she pulled out the Bible and she started telling me that.
You know, God made animals for us to eat.
And all kinds of animals don't have souls
and all this kind of craziness.
And I told her,
well, the ending of the conversation was basically,
I would eat meat if we could eat people just to get rid of them.
Because there's just too many of them.
Okay.
Thank you.
And have a great day.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the on the 18.
How about...
Do we still have the thing that says,
bokeh burgers are made out of people?
I think it's on a card.
It's not in here, is it?
No.
Well, I would have been cute right there,
but that we don't have.
Anybody eat any bokeh burgers lately?
No.
Any bokeh burgers?
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the on the 18,
TNT line of Hank Goldberg show with two.
We got, what do we got?
Kim Boke, ampere six o'clock, and Kaplan 10 to nine.
No Marlon game today.
If they got for that.
In case you missed the beginning of the show,
Bluff Lindsay gets the employee of the month here at QAM
from Greg Reed with a very embarrassing and humiliating
and degrading memo to all of us.
Basically putting all the rest of us down saying,
QAM just said it's best rating book ever.
But saying that it was our program director
who was responsible for it,
by showing up every day and putting the schedules out.
And having meetings with the various people,
including some of our interns.
Did you hear about that by the way?
You're the one that told me about that.
About the meeting that he had with JP.
So JP was the one that told you about that.
Yeah, I understand that.
I'm just wondering if you were privy that I had a motivation.
I mean, it seemed to me, I could be wrong,
but it would seem to me that certain people in this building
making sure that other people understood my sense of humor
and weren't concerned about me.
Maybe they better look in the mirror.
You know what I'm talking about?
You know what I'm saying?
Do you have any idea what I'm...
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just start with Jesus with Pierce, Whitney.
Yeah, he was. That's right.
Never thought about that.
I thought I'd go over to play.
Don't say that. You might start something new now.
I forgot about that.
I've struck by lightning.
Oh my God. Right there in the palm.
I was driving down the road a few weeks ago.
I was over by Hollywood Gaming.
I pulled up to the light and this girl pulled up next to me.
And first of all, she needed the active target.
Second of all, she turned around.
She must have had 20 piercings on her face.
She had the...
That's not what I'm supposed to do.
I wanted to hurt her, man.
I hated it.
She had the...
You know this, spice on the dog colors?
Yeah.
She had like five of those
sticking out of each eyebrow.
She had like 20 piercing out of face.
And what is she trying to say?
She's trying to say I'm a freak.
Everybody else has gone on top.
Yeah, we agree.
I couldn't believe it.
I called for me a douchebag.
Yes, sir.
Bill and Frank Hurt, you are douchebag.
All right.
You know, it's interesting.
An Amsterdam, which is known as one of the kinkyest cities in the world,
and certainly free as far as expression
and being whatever it whoever you want to be.
There are some SNN people walking around with their leather outfits
and some people with a stud in the colors.
But really relatively speaking, very, very few.
And very few who stand out, you know,
and there are some freaky looking people with a colored hair
and with earrings in the body, piercing it.
But not really all that many compared to the number of people you see, you know,
like the throngs of thousands of people.
Like on Queens Day, when there are hundreds of thousands of people
that are in Amsterdam.
I mean, most of them just look like ordinary everyday people.
And yeah, every now and then you'll see an odd weird-looking freaky looking.
And that's it.
But here it seems that that's one of the things that's happening.
We have more and more people who want to go out of the way to look like freaks.
And if you want to look like a freak,
hey, that's great, but we'll still call you a freak
and we'll fall down on the ground and we'll laugh,
and follow, and carry on, and hoot, and say, oh my God, what a freak, you know.
Oh, look at that freak.
Look at that.
She's got rings and those rings and tongue rings and cheek rings
and a bone in her nose, a bone in her...
Freakdom.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, listen, I got two things about that...
about that edge, about that hole you were taking.
Yeah.
How about all of the guys in prison?
Are they really gay?
No.
No? They're just... they're lonely.
How about if you wear your underwear backwards with a hole in the back?
Oh, definitely. Okay, there you go.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound... unless you're a Mormon,
maybe they just got them on backwards.
That could be asked backwards.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Neil, guys.
I'm singing this song, and I'm feeling kind of sad.
I got my smile from home, but my chicken's from my dad.
I got a body like a driving range net
when it's cold outside.
Use my neck to hang your hat.
I can blow in your ear, give you a lap dance,
but you won't notice me until I get some implants.
I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest
and finding tissues.
I say I'm cute, but I'm pretty.
I'm not won't need your pity.
I've got a nice ass answer like a kissy,
but I can't get a man, since I got no titties.
I've got no titties.
The Wonder Cross is something I can't afford.
When you lay on me, you'll stare at you on a diving board.
When I turned 11, I started to get cute.
Now I'm 24, and so waiting on my boot.
I'm gonna say I'm cute, this is pretty.
I'm not won't need your pity.
I've got a nice ass answer like a kissy,
but I can't get a man, since I got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
All right, 145 at 560 WQM.
This is cute, this thing you just,
thank you, Ocasino Stan, and get a life, will you?
From Daca, Bangladesh, a woman died after an Islamic cleric
ordered her very to the waist and mud
and flagged 101 times of the bamboo cane
for having premarital sex and inducing an abortion
police that Thursday.
All right, the Islamic priest said to do it,
and they done it.
Here's the facts from our friends in Phoenix.
Is this Phoenix where these people are?
Yeah, from Bob and Karen at Master TV in Phoenix,
who every once in a while facts that they listen on the internet
out there, and it says,
well, isn't this interesting to find out anything that's going on
in the world, we have to either, like with the hockey talk,
we had two guys from Toronto calling in from Canada.
And now to find out about the 4D TV receiver for the big dish,
I got to get a fact from Bob and Karen at Master TV in Phoenix,
Arizona.
Not from anybody here in South Florida,
but from Phoenix, Arizona, who say,
you will love the 4D TV.
I'm a satellite dealer here in Phoenix,
and they've had one of my home for over a year,
and it's great.
You can get both digital and analogue programming,
lots of free digital music channels,
and on-screen guide, and we listen to you on the internet every day.
Thanks, Bob and Karen in Phoenix.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thanks that somebody out there in the world knows something
about something.
Which here, you ask, you know, just a basic honest question
about this whole earring and nose ring,
and body piercing and all these body,
all these things.
And can they answer the question?
No.
No.
I mean, just out of curiosity,
you just have an idol conversation, you know?
Not the most important thing in the world,
but what is it all about?
What does it mean is what we're asking.
We want to know, you know, just out of the curiosity.
Why?
Are you doing these things?
And they can't tell us.
And you want to know why?
Because most of them don't know themselves.
Oh, it's a fashion statement, man.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you've talked about a 40 TV.
I've had them on for about a year,
and you're definitely going to love it.
Yeah.
Now, the key word it is is that you've got to get a basic description
of HBO, and you won't believe this,
but it opens up all the HBO's,
all the cinemas, all the show signs,
all the movie channels,
on digital, and you don't pay for it.
Really?
Yeah.
All right.
On top of that, you can also take,
there's a satellite that codes up,
and you'll see it's a CE.
You tune that to the same satellite that's called G9,
and you get a like five or six paper views at no charge.
Great.
So it's a great, great stuff.
You're making a good move.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, I'll go one.
Thank you so much.
Okay, there you go.
I'm getting my 40 TV, even.
Just when I thought the big dish was dead,
all of a sudden, they pump a little life back into it again.
So they say, I'll say, you know, I believe it when I see it.
560-560, 05-60, 05-60,
on the AT&T wireless line.
And of course, you pour sloppers out there.
They're still, you know, chugging along with your cable.
Good luck to you, okay?
I can understand if you can't get a dish.
If you live like in an apartment,
and you can't possibly put even a small dish.
But if there are any other reasons,
I don't know what they could be.
Because being a prisoner of the cable is just a very sad thing.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I like the back better about 30 minutes.
You brought up something about discrimination.
Yes.
And how, you know, like, since you brought that up,
it's like no one called to tell you anything about it.
I brought it up four hours ago,
and nobody said anything about it.
Yeah, I know.
I've been listening to you.
I'm a truck driver.
I've been driving down the road.
I've been off and on my phone.
So what I did, I waited until I stopped.
It gave you a call about it.
You know, like, if I could, if I can, can I tell you a short story?
Yeah.
Very short.
Yesterday, I was pulled over by BLT.
And I couldn't find the registration to my truck.
He arrested me, charged me with resistance arrest,
and not following his command.
Okay, threw me in jail.
I got out about two hours later, but, you know,
it was just a whole point that he threw me in jail
because I couldn't find the thing,
but after he put me in the car,
my partner showed up, and he found it,
and he still put me in the jail.
And it's like, I'm a black male,
and I don't run around breaking laws.
I work hard every day to take care of my family.
And this is what I get.
Well, because you live in a racist society.
I don't deny that, but, you know,
that doesn't, that doesn't, that doesn't,
that's not an excuse to hate all white people.
No, I don't, I don't, I don't hate white people at all.
I mean, it's just no matter where you go and what you do,
you're going to meet somebody that's an asshole.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, I don't,
and especially when you're dealing with cops,
there are some good cops,
and then there are a lot of a lot of more assholes
who just, you know, they got to the professor
so they could act out there, prejudiced.
Well, my first was a cop, and she, she works a Metro Dating
that's stationed two down in Miami.
Yeah.
And she's not a back cop, and I told her what happened,
and we're going to get a lawyer,
and we're going to file complaints against this guy.
Good, see their ass, right?
See them.
So whatever I can do, that's what's going to happen.
All right, good luck, good luck.
I mean, I'm not questioning that the racism is rampant in America,
but does that mean that you start making excuses for murderers
like OJ, or you start, you know,
lashing out with hatred at all white people,
or I just, and there's no excuse for it.
And within these so-called black community,
if there is such a thing, there is so much incredible homophobia
and so much anti-semitism.
And I mean, you, and then of course, you get into the,
within the different sect you have the Jamaicans and the Haitians
who hate the American, the black people, and vice versa.
And I mean, yeah, you know, what am I saying?
That's what I'm on the verge of death.
I thought that was going to come out just like,
yeah, I mean, it's hopeless.
If you want to hate everybody, it's real easy.
You can come up with all the reasons in the world to hate everybody.
I mean, look at this place.
Here's the mobile and deer field. Hello.
Yes sir.
Okay.
Yes sir.
Yes.
Please put on baseball to a class so we don't have to listen.
Yeah, okay.
What is that?
Your adias called it, eh sir?
I guess what?
You know, this may come as a revolutionary shock to you, sir.
But come to a clock.
If you don't want to listen to Hank,
who's got a very highly rated show,
and do just great thank you.
How about finding something else to do?
Because intelligent people don't listen to radio stations.
They listen to programs.
Just like people don't watch television stations,
they watch programs.
Which I mean really takes a lot of effort to sit there with your remote control on TV
and do a little channel surfing.
That even a three-year-old child can do.
And even a two-year-old child can reach over and twist that dial around, okay?
And find something that they liked.
And I noticed and Hank's coming on in nine minutes.
You don't wait the nine minutes to go.
I'll him and try to take your shot.
You want to do it like the typical Spinal Spice of Crap that you are
for the 400th time behind his back.
And I'm sure it just won't end to the quick.
That you don't like his show.
I'm sure it just cares his kishkis out.
Not because guess what pal?
We don't care.
See your calling the wrong station.
You don't understand our motto here at QAM is
I don't give a sh** anymore.
Right.
You don't like it?
Love it.
Tough crap.
Tough bananas.
We're doing just fine.
We're doing great.
I had such a good day here today.
I'm going to go home and write it in my diary.
I don't even have a diary, but I'm going to start one.
Dear diary.
Oh man.
Where do I start?
What do you look at me like that for?
Huh?
This was a very uplifting day for me today.
It was a good day.
I was able to lift it right up.
Oh.
I have that burning and yearning sensation deep in my groin.
I feel just like Dominic Kashak.
I feel like I have a groin pull and I haven't even touched it yet.
Eight minutes before two at 560 WQM if he...
