Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Ford Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
It's a Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and prayer.
4.560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of NWGQAM easily read that was in the form of the beastly broadcast.
No, no, no.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA have very self, very self, very self.
There to Miami Cods with the hot movies.
There on the street, fighting cry.
They pop at the handicap space there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
In talent-dailed by...
We get across into green games, it's a little crack.
Lieutenant, isn't that the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird special after seven?
Yeah, the second time.
Let's go get them.
Yeah, and down with nothing.
Clean up the street.
Hey, lady, you can't cross.
Here you'll have to cross in the light.
There are many Germans who clean up the smugging business.
All right, sister, you're under arrest.
Oh, so now you're arresting my wife, watch the charge.
Session to powder.
I'm gonna first, uh, let's see that white stuff.
Yeah, I just thought she got over 100 bags in here.
Oh, boy!
Sweet and low.
From that restaurant you just came out of.
Let's take a minute.
Yeah, there it comes.
In Miami Cods, on a hot movie.
In a L.A.
We're being disvolved on M.B.Z.
Yeah, it wasn't bad enough that they put everybody outside of business over there.
That wasn't good enough.
Now the talent-dail, the old farts, they're starting up again.
The show is over for the button-south and for Danny's fantasy lounge on Dixie Highway.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
How do you like that?
This is the same city by the way we're Sonny Rosenberg and all those other old Yiddlaugh,
trying to ban MTV from the cable.
Remember that not too many years ago and who was it over there on the coast on the P.M.
Tom Kemenity.
Tom Kemenity, who's a step-brother, can play baseball, but nevertheless.
Tom Kemenity single-handedly fought the good fight.
Nice calling, Tom, to get MTV back on a goddamn cable in her in Hellenville.
Because there might actually be four or five people under the age of a hundred who slip in there once in a while.
Who want their MTV?
God damn it.
So they can watch Macy Gray and do something where she keeps saying,
what does she keep saying?
F-I-U?
Maybe somebody will call and tell us what they're saying in that song, huh?
No, don't play it.
That would be worth, I'd say 170 grand in the first 30 seconds.
How about if I play it backwards?
She's saying basically the same thing that the voters said in the election on the penny sales tax.
F-I-U.
Yeah, play it backwards.
All right, we're playing it backwards and it's got the F-word in it.
All right!
How do you like that?
Speaking of Hellendale and backwards because that's what it is.
Yeah, Anton Dola and Rosenberg and all these other old disgusting, festering scars on the face of the earth.
They should have a big sign there when you enter Hellendale.
If you're under the age of 100, if you're alive, if you value life, stay out of here.
In fact, just open the window when you can smell the death, the smell of creeping death permeates the air in Hellendale.
Oi!
Disgusting.
They were disgusting and nauseating 12 or 13 years ago when I started a hawk at a trance about that back in INZ.
And you know what?
Here we are not too many years later and there's still this.
And it's the same old parts.
Same old and I do mean underlying the old part.
Old, the crepe of Jews who are destroying that city.
Good news though is though.
Mayor leaves the dias, collapses after meeting...
Ow!
Hellendale Mayor Arnold Lanner collapsed after Tuesday City Committee.
You see, God is getting even with you for screwing around with a button south and with Danny's fantasy lounge.
That's what's going on, okay?
Oh, I see.
God is getting even with you bastards.
The unusually long meeting started about 10 a.m.
Concluded about 545 yesterday.
After the meeting ended Lanner who until then and show no signs of the defeat, walked into the commission's lounge just behind the dias and collapsed.
Ow!
The apparently sufferers from a respiratory problem says vice mayor Joy Cooper.
He should have taken his treatment around 4 p.m. but the meeting went on.
He skipped it.
Should have taken his geratol.
And a couple of good laxatives too couldn't have hurt.
Peramatics were called immediately and they administered first a treatment at the scene.
Assistance City Manager charity pa pa pa pay, pay whatever that is.
Also brought aerosol equipment to Lanner breathe.
After about 45 minutes the other commissioners came back out of the room and assured everyone the mayor was doing fine.
Ow!
Yeah.
The show is over for the button south, Hellendale commission decide.
And this fits right in with everything that goes on in this perfect country.
Everything is against the law.
Let's close every place down where people might be having a good time.
Where there might actually be a few people congregating under the age of 600.
You're at a scratch, you're a sham.
Hellendale is a black mark.
It's everything that's wrong with this town.
And then of course it spread like a disease.
It spread to Fort Lauderdale, a kicked all the spring breakers out.
Not very long after they started this Hellendale craft.
It wasn't bad enough.
They put pumpernix out of business.
Every other god damn restaurant where the old fart stole all the sweet and low.
And the silverware and everything else.
And drove everybody crazy.
And the waitresses were quitting in the middle of the day screaming and yelling.
Running out on the Hellendale beach.
Boulevard going.
Oh!
Let me out of here. It's a nut house.
That wasn't good enough.
Now we got the button.
So by the way, anybody call and tell us what that word was.
They're saying on that Macy Gray record.
Jesus!
Oh Jesus!
With a single stroke of a pen, the Hellendale city commissioners pretty much put the cafe,
Casa Blanca, also known as the legendary button south out of business.
In a four to one vote, the commission decided Tuesday not to renew the licenses.
That would allow Casa Blanca 100 ants in Boulevard and Danny's fantasy lounge.
201 North Dixie Highway to Selecher till 6 a.m.
The license of expire September 1.
Commissioner Joe Scevo says these places are an eye-sort of the community.
I don't think their licenses should be renewed.
A legend among South Florida's night clubs, the button south stage is hosted many renowned national bands,
including Arrow Smith.
Oh!
And recently Candle Box.
I wouldn't be surprised if they could have run in Macy Gray to save them too right after they do it to FIU.
So you're cut it up.
It's also one of the largest clubs in South Florida, the capacity for almost a thousand people.
The button south goes south and Danny's fantasy lounge.
And if that isn't good enough, God there's some bad news.
Some really, I don't want to be the bear of ill-pidings, but nevertheless.
If that isn't typical enough of what's going on in this frickin country, teachers in sex case face firing.
Oi!
I keep telling you this and people out there think, oh boy, that Neil sure is funny.
Yeah, he's here entertaining.
I'm telling you the God damn truth, baby.
It's a disgrace. It's a police state.
By the way, you didn't see your busy walks in that stupid, scared, straight crap on MTV last night when I was really looking for TRL.
What happened at TRL last night?
Maybe they didn't repeat it.
Maybe they only showed it live yesterday afternoon and they didn't want to repeat it because you might have seen it and seen the backbeat boys went out in glory as number one.
I don't know who got number one.
You think anybody will call? Do you think we have anybody in the audience who watches MTV except Tom Green?
No!
No, they won't know.
But anyway, so between 10 and 11 on MSNBC during my channel surfing, which I hate that network usually except for timing again, which I do like.
But Harald, who I usually also can't stand, he had a pretty interesting show.
It was a special thing.
The blacks against the blues in Pittsburgh was against the black community against the police and the cultural thing, the yin and yang and in and out.
So I go back and forth and about how now the police are terrified to do anything to arrest anybody even because right away it's racism and it's police brutality.
And it's bad. It'd be bad. It'd be a nightmare.
Anyway, teachers in sex case face firing.
Two were arrested in Swinger's club and I know we never get any response when I talk about this because we don't have, like I said, the voice rudder and everybody who goes to the swing clubs is terrified to talk about it on the air.
Except George.
But I mean, yeah, and Bob Green. But nevertheless, I'm going to get into this in a second. I'm going to go nuts.
I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to sit here and start going like that. That's right.
Because this is what America is all about. You know what?
Where is that? Yeah, that's another good question.
But anyway, we've got a lot of stuff. Just tons and tons and tons.
And then of course we had that horrible story about the people in early drought and their boat out there yesterday.
And just to make sure that we understood they were out there for like how many hours for hours and days and whatever.
So channel seven and their infinite wisdom. They said little Brian Andrews out there.
And let's see how long he could survive out there. Huh? I think they were trying to drown him.
Was that a snorkelly at in his push? Hey boy, what's that in your out? Yeah, something.
Not sure what that what that was in his push. Brian Andrews. And of course what's the big deal about him? Oh, and you see the clock at a background two hours and 19 minutes and Rick Sanchez is hyper ventilating and and bobbing up and down in his chair.
There's no big deal. We know that Brian can float anyway. So what's the problem? Uh-huh. God.
Nine minutes past 10 at 560. Your hyper ventilating station for the 90s. W Q I M. How young is two young?
I can tell it wheels have been returned.
They can't wait back for friends.
Travel back to the same safety. Very self.
The talent. It gets.
Anyhow.
It's on. It's on.
All right.
Where is that all that's true?
It's all. It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
Let's get it down.
Ready for childish freedom of expression.
I'm very lucky to hear about this thing.
I'm happy to tell you a bit about theWhileTissue world.
It's great to study and walking away withission.
Is it good for breath?
It's good to be proud of somebody.
cable tv never again i'd please
you don't have to appease us at least not me no more gay characters and i
you were talking about it yesterday which i had never seen it and the only
reason i saw last night is because and i'm not watching that i was looking for
t r rl and they had that scared straight secret crap on there that you've got
all excited about because they said the effort a whole bunch of times
they said
and i get some huh
well whatever they said but the point is i'm some channel surfing i come to mpv
in that awful of uh... real world was on
what they've done to that show and the road road kill i would they turned
road rules into road kill
in real world into a unreal world of the worst bunch of losers i have ever seen
in my life and they're all ugly anyway but so anyway on real world
they got uh... this token faggot
now you were talking about that i hadn't seen it i'm gonna tell you if i could
have drilled a hole in the floor in my living room
and crawled way that like halfway to china i would have crawled in there
a stereotypical
missing bitchy queen now that's the best you guys on television can do
coming up with a gay character on one of the shows
uh... please don't ever ever do it again
you better not watch will ingraced and i guess the bitchy is the most pathetic
so all you minorities that are bitching i mean what do you want it to put a
spick on air like a Lucy Lucy you know
or it's my name was a him and it's something like that
and every time they put a smart to run here it's like some jukin and jive and uh...
you know like on what what's your call of good times
jay j
it's something like that
so i would any minority of any group want to be represented in the media
run in the movies and because it's always a stereotype and i'll tell you
they grow test the most extreme
stereotyped they can possibly find
i mean that bitchy queen i mean somebody needs to be the living snot out of that
toward burger
pitter the morrow is dying of aids and he had a better attitude that right
uh... it just a typical bitchy queen
everything doesn't suit her okay
she's upset about this and you two had a reception and your flight again in my
face and i'm pissed off and i'm gonna float away and did it did it did it did it
yeah blow it out your ass sweetheart
god
man i'm sitting around thinking that it can't go on the whole i'm thinking get her
off the screen now
seriously the shame factor was so great my sitting there watching that and
i'm thinking that young america's all sitting and watching this to think
oh yeah there's a bag it
yeah no crap
because all air all five minutes that i could keep it on i kept thinking that
damn bag it i can't stand oh my god what's its name does it have a name
i forgot somebody will tell us
just please make it go away please
tell me it was a bad dream or wasn't really on
a simple and mincing bitchy queen
oh you were talking about heterosexuality for 70% of the time you ran
oh god go find some bags to hang out with they'll talk about if i go see that
movie okay then the movie dick
when you saw the ad they had on before for mtv they said you'll love dick
i think he will works for me
god
berison
anyway
teach your old before i get back to that you're going to save that
for rainy day i'm going to get into that in a minute i'm going to i'm just
going to go apoplectic i made burst of blood vessel right here on the
radio about that thing with the which club was it it was the uh at a
Athena's forum in pompano beach justin
his name is justin oh my god no one no wonder justin Thompson or the tigers
can't get anybody out anymore just and found his character had the same name
can't get anybody out at all
getting pounded poor Justin you know i'm saying to the name did it
where itself yeah that went to
anyway i got a great fact this morning before we get out of the swing club and
a hallowed ale of all these other things
let me take a call in Miami hello
Miami hello yes sir good morning yes it's not just as a point of
information it's not harder than a witch's you know what it's colder than a
witch's you know no it can be either one depends on which which
well which is irrelevant to me yeah be well out of frustration i would like to
suggest the possibility of a i am embarrassed and hate the herald day
like September 30th is a date that i sort of select it if we could say
on September 30th we can encourage everybody to write into the herald or the
email into the herald yeah on September 30th you know i'm
bears that in shame that you are my newspaper right the editorials you know
belong in the weekly reader i don't like it that's great you know i you know that
you know that i don't know that's an attempt to work on it that's enough lead time
maybe we should make an in October or something but no September 30th is great so um
you know what day of the week is that look on a calendar during what day of
September 30th it's a third day let me check again but it's a i think it's a
well we got a calendar here we can even afford that we got it free from it's a
Thursday you're right god they're doing everything for you now
uh huh Thursday okay let me say it again so Thursday okay uh between now and then
put some uh like stuff together for me like the email address and i can do that myself
but you know give you something to do kill some good time okay i'll give you email you can do
i i thought you can do the chairman of the project how's that i thank you and i thought i
would even prepare some form letters that people could use great so no one has to thank
too much okay get back with me next week i will nice job pal okay there's the chairman of the
board right there who says where is self yeah so anyway uh here's a great facts from a 16-year-old
listener no less who's got more brains than a lot of our older listeners no question about it uh huh
he says i'm writing to share my thoughts about just how much garbage the christian religion is full
of especially the catholic church just like a caller said today the catholic religion has always
changed their beliefs and viewpoints when it was convenient for them to do so for example the church
until the 16th century taught that paying indulgences was your way into heaven and receiving forgiveness
for your sins but that whole philosophy was very conveniently changed when the church noticed
that we're losing followers to the Protestant church because their whole reformation was
against the corruption going on in the catholic church keep in mind that the fewer followers the
church had meant the fewer amounts of people the church could tax and make money moffo another great
example of the church not being so holy was during world war two the catholic church could have
played a bigger role in helping the allied forces but since the Nazis were getting rid of Jews
and communists the church didn't interfere since Jews and communists are the church's biggest enemies
i'm 16 i've been attending a catholic all-boys school for the past few years
oh and i've witnessed a douchebag teacher give a friend of mine the tension for a week
for asking the lunch server for a hamburger during length season how do you like that oh my god
yeah i've also seen a priest give a kid a d on an essay that was worth a test grade because his
opinion on abortion was different than that of the church thank you for taking the time for reading
my letter apologize for not revealing my identity because i'm afraid the school would expel me and
calling a herodic or something like that or even say f-f-i-u p-s you can read this letter on
here so our listeners can hear all the crap that the church is done in the past maybe some Christians
won't be so ignorant in the naive jerks thank you well thank you sir for great facts god bless you
for having enough trains then let's all a bunch of crap you know god how come we can't get the
adults to be as purspicaches as some of the young people who say who look at this and they just
yeah who the hell are you kidding you're not altering this kid here's Hollywood hello
Hollywood now what is that all about can i try to enter spurs these because i have so much crap
going on here and they didn't wait here's a mobile and four-letter deal hello hey hey yes sir
um i watched the rl yesterday and unfortunately your uh deliveries in the back three boys did make
number one number one oh look for rest of the live number two of cash them now they messed up
MTV messed up and they will be on today too so today's the last day you mean after all the big
build up they did say for saying yesterday was the uh the close-up the well day yeah a five-year-old girl
in Tennessee um told them that they were they messed up they're gonna redo it great okay that
gives me some to look forward to thank you sir yes god bless you there you go something to look
forward to back three boys number one again today better rush home from mommy's house today to vote
on t rl 40 or 50 times i mean i know it's no lint risk it but hey you know chop chop on this like
i said anyway you can't chop on it because it's against the law of tour arrested and swingers
probably teachers this is so freaking out rages it's unbelievable you know all the speaking of
catlick schools these these uh priest you know they molest the altar boys and all this the students
that's okay and they don't get arrested they don't get anything all they do is maybe if something
happens if somebody screams loud and they they reassign them to some other place so they can
mount some other kids not here the brown word school board divided over whether educators private
lives should affect their employment voted Tuesday to begin the process to fire two teachers
arrested in the swingers club in january the boards suspended the teachers without pay while
the educators challenged the district and an administrative hearing that could last two to six
months and by the way Carson we don't care what you want to be number one okay just let the
little punky girls vote and shut up they violated the state code of ethics for teachers they created
an embarrassment to the professions said board member bob parks and education professor with f a u
well i say f a u that's what i say and a former high school teacher and maybe that's what they're saying
f a u let me they just got the letters they're wrong but Stephanie craft disagree I have a hard
time imposing sanctions on the behavior of two consenting adults in a private club my gut feeling is
that it should be thrown out the window nice going Stephanie like i said some of the members of
the school board weren't brain dead both teachers Kenneth springer of soundbrowered high and
time you white of dear field beach high have acknowledged the accuracy of the allegations said
Bruce Wager director of professional standards both they can then they've done nothing illegal
nothing that deserves discipline springer told sheriff's deputies the club was private and
required a hundred dollar membership fee according to allegations filed by the school district
and it goes on which i'll get to in a second after we do these commercials
these people are in a private club they pay to go there it's bad enough that the police in this
town have got nothing better to do than to be rating private clubs where consenting adults are
doing whatever the hell they want inside you know it's really something for me to you know spend
eleven days in Amsterdam and then come back to this god for a second stone age country this
repressive bunch of crap but you hypocrites and by the way speaking of the cops did we ever get
any follow up what's the story there channel four channel six channel seven channel ten
miny hero's unsentinel any follow up on a poor ring down in Kendall hoi huh ever any ever get
any more news no no
but
what do is they do do is they say that's what the
porkers will tell you
because sex is evil it's bad
recap Britney Spears five are Christine Aguilar of four 90 degrees three on
elliptic biscuit two and a back to the boys and four is number one
there you go there's Carson out there three fucks here all life in your
okay get out here we don't care what you like Carson okay but out leave all those little five
year old girls alone and me anyway goes on to say an in house committee of high ranking
administrators recommended the dismissals because the teachers violated the state's administrative
code prohibiting an active immorality that is conduct can inconsistent with the standards
of public conscience and good morals sufficiently sufficiently notorious to bring the educational
profession into public disgrace or disrespect yeah as if they already aren't the two teachers were
arrested on charges of loot and lascivious behavior during a January 17th raid at the now
defunct a famous forum your pompato beach at the now defunct are you ready for that and you want
to know why they're now defunct because your police hard at work put about a business just like
the old foggy's in halemdale put the button south out of business and that other joint they put
them out of business springer allegedly was performing oral sex on his wife oh my god while white
allegedly was being fondled below the waist they were assigned to do these outside the schools
charges have been dropped against springer court record show white pleaded not guilty in her case
has been pending since February school board counsel Ed Marcos said the board could reject the case
if they felt the allegations did not warrant punishment even if they were proven to true so in other
words there was strawberry he's black back playing baseball in a minor leagues and he'll be up there
with the Yankees and that scumbag George Steinbeard are weak from today coke coke head chronic coke man
but these teachers who are having consensual sex in a private club that they paid the joint which
was nobody's business not out on a street inside a joint they got to be suspended and may face firing
it says the board's discussion pointed the avoid the issue although chairwoman lowest wexler
term the code archaic let me say it again nice going low as a board member Diana wasm and then
I only wish I could say the same for her but I can't said I would very much like to say this is not
our job take it somewhere else in other words yeah I'm not prepared to sit here in judgment in the
privacy of what people do in their own lives but but the bottom line is these people were caught
doing something that is not acceptable republican duty button equipped like the president like that
wasm and warned that the board would be criticized no matter what it did the perception of the
public will be it's either going to be liberal board forces blah blah blah or the board doesn't
think teachers should have a moral character trust me that's how it's going to play in the newspapers
so she's more worried about how it's going to play in the newspapers than the fate of these two good
teachers which they probably are good teachers and maybe they are maybe they're not that's what they
ought to be concerned about some board members were concerned that springer charges were dropped
while the status of the case against white is unclear but Marco said the board decision had to be
made independently whether criminal charges were filed or proven in court as the compromise
craft proposed suspending the teachers with pay while they fight the board and administrative
hearing Marco said suspension without pay could not be considered punishment only two employees have
ever been suspended with pay one case occurred many years ago the most recent case occurred in 1997
when cross Creek school principal John Smith was accused of sexual harassment he retired more
than a year later before the case could be settled crafts proposal died with only wuxler and
washington supporting her although several members said they were uncomfortable proceeding only
craft voted against firing the teachers how do you like that springer was not present but he was
represented by Tony gentile president of the brow teachers union white is hired an attorney but
neither she nor the attorney was present gentile suggested the board could negotiate a settlement for
a less drastic punishment without the district suspending spring and beginning of process to fire him
this is just this is so american man it just makes me want to get on my hands and ease and puke
that's the american way give on my hand and puke i said not get on my hands and ease the way
thing else because god being big big deep doodle for that right yeah just and you know something
i think that ties in with this other thing that i clipped out i think there's a definite tie in
that would a story about her although in that thing against the sparsas and the pigs in the
Pittsburgh last night which i'll talk about not about that woods doval do will school scores well
on tv i heard the hump are yesterday about that yeah you should live so long hump her piece of
craft six point nine national rating in a twelve share for golf on prime time tv does that tell you
what we're dealing with out there does that give you an idea yeah yeah and that's why school
teachers or anybody else there's sex lives everybody's business what they're doing
consenting adults with their own spouses this is somebody else's business no this is something
that somebody should get in trouble for you know i mean it's just unspeakable in addition to what
you least i'll say this for the hero they didn't they didn't put in their article exactly what
the allegations were since it wasn't really necessary but the son sent a fellow was much more
important to be a little more graphic about oral sex and finally under the uh below the waist and
yada yada yada because it is a matter of public record so let's stick it in there let's stick it
to them and make them look as perverted as we possibly can just like all the stuff about bubble and
more did he stick the cigar back to him was it moist was it dry was it in minzo was it a Cuban
book of a motos i'm sorry that's america for you baby prudish puritanical hypocritical
stone age and George has it in there reading the screw magazine how do you like that
you know what i say i say school board and broward i say if a u and f u that's what i say i say
i say police that are reading these god damn swing clubs f'em zimbalist junior
here's a mobile in pebbrook pine hello hey nil yes sir i just happened to i wanted to call you
and tell you that i go for a haircut in halendell i'm a younger guy that i go for a haircut in halendell
yeah and i noticed the other day at the old diplomat mall which is where i go
it on the corner which used to be a grocery store in about five thousand other stores there's a
discovery zone now what could you possibly need a discovery zone for in halendell um-hmm
discover life oh i believe you won't you won't i guess i i think i want to discover the sweet and
low that's been missing for the last 15 years i guess i just found the kind of a new thing and of
course last night's uh Bryan Andrews in the water i was with that expert uh here he is floating
in the water Bryan Andrews uh you know i'm surprised they didn't put him up in a private
plan to see if he could fly it up but uh uh can i keep caught and then of course you always have
rick uh Bryan is there any possible way that the people could drown now you know Rick they've
already been taken away in a look at any possible way to be left he was hoping by the way i think
he was getting some his jolly on it unbelievable i just i'm talking about women i'll bet okay thanks
for the good news sir have a good watch out for that discovery zone you got okay discover this
oh the helendale the discover life in helendale you think it's a possibility no it's an oxygen more
on life in helendale a place where you have to be a hundred and ten at least if you live on a
Jewish side of the tracks if you live on a Schwarzenegger out of the tracks well that's another story
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line at least one thing i'll say
for helendale may not be good and god only knows they sure aren't but there's at least consistent
consistently inhumane consistently a pizza crap consistently garbage consistently old and
funny dutty consistently repressive i'm gonna tell you right now you just try and get MTV off the
cable again i'll buy a place in helendale i sure as i won't move there but i'll buy a place
l establish a residence there just to fight it just to make sure MTV stays on in helendale
so all the old parts over there can vote for the back street board on t-r-l
god what a place and be sure and say hi to big max when you go over there too
oh
well i worked in low gear and i got no fear
there won't be nowhere no mess don't be for me
huh
the five door lift and move that lift
the choir says that leaves you empty
they easily disgusted they said it's heinous but like a safe man i'm fun going
to fight them
I'm gonna find that fan straight up.
Now I'm a real super guy
My tongue on the manager of Cooper.
He's out of no shoot.
I'm sitting just.
I got a mustache, B, B.
My friend told me in number two.
I heard you yelling,
Chachach, but I prefer you to do.
It's like a baby to me.
But we just made the right decision.
Hey, baby.
Don't move me inside and on me.
I got a mustache.
Seems like a penny to me.
Now, put away that I say,
Why does Arlen?
I'm going to stride.
Just think,
I won't hurt you.
Things get not daily when I see real your truth.
And I'll wash it all down with my thoughts on truth.
When will I do?
Please miss feeling like a man.
You'll find it hard to sit down when I get done with your can.
It's like a bear and it's too big.
Unbelievable.
Are you sure?
Okay, so that's a priest.
We did that for you and Son, and we just played a disgusting, ugly thing.
And there's a big piece on page 80 and here on the living part section.
On the back of that section is on the kid's kitty page.
And here's Chris is the word about the band.
And it says,
It's not often you find a local band getting a lot of attention,
but Chris is doing just that with his 5 song EP,
Six Pack Shy of Pretty.
And they got an interview thing here with Fritz,
one of the members of the band,
and he says they're asking him,
What are you listening to lately?
And Fritz says,
I can't speak for the whole band because we all have different tastes.
I've been listening to Van Halen with David Lee Roth,
Metallica and NOFX, what I've been telling you about.
And Neil Rogers on AM radio.
Thank you, Fritz.
That's for you, sweetheart.
It tastes more like a quarter to me.
Anyway, there you go.
What?
Oh, there's this thing.
There's this thing.
We got Chris' thing right now.
But we don't need to do what we just got through.
And that's not going overboard.
And you notice how the air isn't exactly working all that crazy, like lately?
I know they had a little problem with the yesterday.
And now this morning,
it's starting to get a little bit on the tepid side in here.
Not that I want to bitch about it.
56670560.560 on our mobile one line.
We're searching for freedom in America.
Can we find it?
No.
Is there any semblance of it?
No.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
And I'm calling it friend.
In Orlando, what station are you on?
We're not.
We're not.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
That guy needs to support education, man.
Oh, right.
Neil, man.
I was watching MTV also, and that little,
trifling, minting, little...
Queen.
I mean, my god, he's sitting back in the background,
and the guy is just getting offended,
and he's...
He's offended by life.
I was like, the fight...
I look at him and I'm offended.
I'm not offended.
The first thing I thought about was,
and I hope you're not offended,
but I thought about you.
I said, I hope you're new to seeing this guy.
And the guy was like, say,
oh, your heterosexual racist,
and you were doing all this.
He's a heterophobic or whatever the hell I was.
I was like, what?
This is a little blunt here.
Gerbal coming from...
Oh, my god.
Please let this guy die at the end of this episode.
Yeah.
I'm not even good.
Let him die.
I mean, I'm just...
Maybe it's just like a foreign country.
It made the North Pole or somewhere where he fit in better.
Oh, man.
Maybe he ought to run off with Hillary.
He could pass with the ice princess.
He probably could.
I mean, you don't want to watch the program,
but yet you want to see what happens,
because these kids are so dull.
They're so boring.
And, you know, we would just have to wait and see what happens.
You know, at the end of the season.
Anyway, there's one of your dark and reflective friends.
Just let you know we're out there listening.
And if you can do us a favor and play a...
I believe it's called a Jewish guy named Eisner.
Oh, man.
I'll see you go to the big white guy named Ben.
You got it.
Have a good day now.
And back to you.
Now, watch out for Justin.
Watch out for Justin.
She's going to get you.
She's going to get you with her little purse.
I'm telling you right now,
with a little fanny pack.
God.
I'm serious.
I can't imagine why anybody who...
It's a right mind, who's a member of any minority,
wants to encourage television to represent them on their programming.
Just puts a very nice-looking white people on there,
preferably young and with as little clothing as possible.
And we'll all watch it and then everybody will be happy.
And we don't really care whether they're straight or gay or biowitter.
Just put them on there, we'll decide for ourselves.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
In fact, wouldn't it be great to have Justin on Celebrity Death Mac?
If anybody, you pick the opponent, I don't care what it is.
Anybody.
Maybe with Jordan Knight would be good.
Yeah, that would be good.
Or maybe with Brian Andrews would be even better.
Slap fight.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Deal. Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
You know, we're talking about the teachers getting suspended.
Yes.
Or whatever, but what I find scary about this whole thing is how the cops
and the school board can go into where people go to a private place
to have, to do whatever, whether they're dancing or they have sex or whatever they do.
They want to a private place.
Right.
They paid $100, whatever it was.
What's the difference between going to a hotel room and paying 50 books for a hotel room?
You know, you do what you want there.
And let me say it again, because I don't see any outrage about this.
Here we've got consenting adults paying to go to a private club to go in there and do their thing, whatever they want to do.
And we've got cops, the same kind of cops who are arresting these people and closing down swing clubs,
the same hypocrites who are running a prostitution ring with 16-year-old girls at Highly and Kendall
and the story gets buried.
There's nobody in this town that's got the balls to say what the hell is going on with this?
Why is there no follow-up?
And nobody seems to care about it.
I just say I think it's perfectly okay for cops to be horned out 16-year-old girls
and for all the other cops in town to be the customers 24 hours a day.
Yeah, but I don't want to sway subject and something else.
I'm talking about the issue at hand here.
You know, how are they?
This is just wrong.
I don't think this is...
But it is the issue at hand.
It's part of the same thing.
You can't separate the two.
How can you have law enforcement that on one hand says, if you're paying for a private club,
we're going to bust in there and we're going to arrest you, even though it's inside its consensual adults.
And if we have a prostitution ring with minors, we'll cover up the story.
Nobody will find out what it's really all about.
We should get to every chief of police and work with the police in Papano.
Yeah.
And we should find out who he is and get his name and see what's going on down there.
Yeah.
My good luck.
I mean, that club's already out of business.
They're closing down.
Well, lawsuit, I'm talking about.
You know, and another thing is, you know the minorities I want to call about this also.
The minors complaining about the show has enough minorities on these new programs.
But not all the minorities show stink, but a lot of them do.
I mean, there's exceptions to a cup.
I just want to find a lot of their shows good.
And I'm not racist or anything.
I just think their shows suck.
And what are they complaining about?
If you were going to watch it, they're going to sell ads.
They'll put minorities on TV.
But if a minority shows not going to make money, why should they?
The television is all about making money.
It's all about drawing the biggest possible audience and making money.
And if they thought they could make money, my put in the reruns of the Jefferson's back on there 18 times a night, they would do it.
But I don't know.
They're complaining, complaining about nothing.
That their shows suck.
Yeah.
And that's all I got to say.
Okay.
All right.
How about I love loosely?
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 10, we sure got them worked up today.
Don't we, huh?
No.
600 open lines here already.
I'm fired up and pissed off.
But I, and I told you this never gets any responses to these swing clubs.
But this is school teachers.
See, I think if you got good school teachers, as long as they didn't harm anybody, it's that DNH thing again, do no harm.
They didn't harm anybody.
And they really didn't break any, any kind of a moral code.
Because this was all consenting it else behavior inside a private club, not in the middle of a shopping mall somewhere, not in the middle of a guy damn street out in the public somewhere.
Go, but he's got a damn business any more than it's anybody's.
One thing I'll say for Rudy Giuliani, okay?
And I'm not a big fan of his, but he made a good comment here today because all this all the media now because they got nothing else to talk about.
Oh, it's Hillary and the interview and his new book that's coming out and trying to resurrect all the of Monica gate penis gate crap again.
And Rudy Giuliani said if they asked me a question like that, I would tell them it's not other business because my private life is nobody else's business.
And of course, from everything that everybody hears, his private life ain't all that great anyway, messy divorce, etc. coming up, but nevertheless.
Oh, sure.
So that's the answer.
It's nobody's god damn business.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello.
Neil, yes, sir.
I tell you that school board business.
I think the lack of outrage is worse than the actual incident.
I'm sitting here talking about the mumbly pegs.
It makes no difference.
These people are more interested in who wanted to golf match on ABC on my mind.
So ridiculous.
Is that one school board member realize how stupid you quote made a comment or you made a comment on a quote?
She said take it somewhere else.
She realized how stupid that is.
Yeah.
In other words, they're not like that because she's a man.
Diana Wasserman, she's so concerned about the public perception and what are the newspapers going to say and how is this going to play out instead of doing the right thing by the school teachers.
That's what that's what she ought to be worried about doing the right thing.
Are these good teachers?
Are they decent people?
Are they doing a good job with the kid?
That's what we ought to be worrying about.
Not are they doing something in a private twin club?
Neil, I wish I had the time and the money to follow the school board members who are going to vote against these teachers.
I would love to follow them around and check out their private life.
Let's get Tom Feeder's rubber raincoat back out again.
I got a better idea.
You know, just like Larry Flynn comes to the rescue of the senators.
How about our lone Al Goldstein putting an ad in the paper?
How about like a hundred bucks for some dirt on the private lives of the school board members?
Yeah, he's too busy being a professional guest on a corner Brian Schoenner.
I can be a hero in this town.
That's all he's got to do.
Okay.
All right.
See you.
I wouldn't be surprised to say it now.
Do you ever have to take the finger downers?
The finger still up.
It's still up.
They'll look at around to that.
You know, it's boring.
It's the dog days of the summer.
They'll get around to make an outtake his finger down out there along the intercostal end up in Pompato Beach.
The finger police.
560-560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, I tell you what Uncle Neil.
These people got me stirred up.
Maybe they should get their books.
They're knows out of the books and put them in the place.
Maybe it wants to be a lot happier that way.
You know, you know, you know, one of those live ad shows and see a section over there.
Maybe they can start educate.
Those two teachers.
Oh, God.
They should be teaching sex education classes.
Right.
Maybe they should have learned a God-deaf thing.
Maybe the police are learning something for Christ's sake.
You hit the nail on the head with those kids in Kendall.
You know, 50-year-old girls running around in prostitution.
You let me answer this.
Have you heard any more about that story?
No, I haven't actually.
He got swept under the carpet.
Is there anybody in this town that's heard any more about that story in the last several weeks?
No.
No, that one word.
Not a word.
And nobody cares.
Nobody cares that we got police that were paying their salaries.
And we have police from virtually every law enforcement agency in Dave County.
So they said, who are a whore now, who are who are screwing 16-year-old prostitute,
and running a horror ring with minors.
Nobody cares about that.
What kind of a place is this?
I tell you, it's starting in the communism.
There you go.
Come on.
He's the communist.
I don't know what that meant, but at least he's pissed off and fired up there.
One call left on the board.
Here we go.
We're really smoking today, baby.
I totally come to work this morning.
It's like wide open spaces.
There's nobody here.
And I'm sitting screaming in the island.
5-670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Feeling sexy?
Feeling kinky?
Feeling old?
Been coming to Fredericks of Hollywood?
Florida.
Retirement haven to the elderly.
So you wear a plastic hair monitor when it's sunny out?
And a fur coat during the summer?
Big deal.
That doesn't mean you can't down some crotchless panties in a barbed wire broth tonight.
Mark Coney, look at these rubber panties.
You look great in these.
You smell grandma.
Check out this G-string and see through halter top combination.
What?
Oh, that is nice, dear.
I can see myself really getting into that little number.
Can't you?
Bring the husband.
Bring your family.
Bring your bed nurse.
And come into Fredericks of Hollywood.
Florida.
Look for one of the retirement community near you.
And how timely is usual on this show?
AARP study debunked sex myths the old fart they wanted.
I don't know.
That's right.
Says right here.
You're not getting older.
You're getting sexy or at least you're made.
Anybody believe that?
No.
That was one of the more intriguing findings in a huge big gigantic mammoth survey of sexual
attitudes among 45 older men and women in the age of Viagra released Tuesday by the AARP,
the American Association of Old Farts, the nation's biggest senior advocacy group in Washington,
DC.
Says they found the older couples got them more likely they were to say they strongly agreed
that their partners were physically attracted as if they had a choice at that point.
You know what I'm saying?
That's a good pull for us to take.
How many old Farts out there?
We have about four or five of them.
Listen, would rather hop in a sack with their mate with their spouse than say Britney Spears
or Jennifer Lopez, huh?
Or Christina Aguilera or one of those bin bows.
Right?
They all wanted to hop in bed with her because at least they can probably this spouse won't
laugh so much.
Right?
They won't have to pop so many pills.
Here's four lottery deal.
Hello.
Uncle Neo?
Yes, sir.
He's born Neo.
No, you're great.
Waited for how many for how long for that?
45 hours for that?
He waited longer to get on to do that than Brian Andrews was floating around on the water there
on Channel 7.
Haha!
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I got this for I'm going to play music today.
I'm so fired up about this crowd, about this bone ass hard-headed crowd.
Here's a mobile in Western.
Hello.
Neo.
Did you ever see that show Will and Grace?
No.
Oh, I mentioned earlier.
It's a show they have.
This guy will.
He's gay.
He's living with Grace.
He's a food cake.
And his best friend, I forgot the name of the other guy in the show.
There's two flavors.
Check.
This is how they portray.
This is how they portray.
Jack, do you know what that kind of like, Jack and Jill?
Yeah.
But it's unbelievable.
It's like they have two gay fellows on the show.
And they portray them both like flavors.
Like that's a replica.
That's a pleasure.
And that's the color of his in the movies.
The only movie I ever saw in my life where it wasn't like that was making love with Michael
on Keen and the Kate Jackson.
He was the only gay person ever portrayed in movies I can think of.
There wasn't a swishy flaming queen.
Yeah.
I can't understand why they don't get protest from the gay community on something like that.
Because it's like an embarrassment.
Well, the gay community is still discovering that Ellen just went off the air.
And Andy's, oh.
I'm 55.
And until Britney Spears can give me a gum job, I'll stick it with my old lady.
Have a good day.
And good luck, you pal.
Don't pop too many of those pills.
Okay.
Well, too late.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
No more fruit cakes on TV.
Okay.
And at damn real world.
If that's the real world, I want out of it right now.
I know at least two million, 484,000 queens.
Okay.
And I have never in my life even Richard Simmons is like Hercules compared to that one.
That Justin.
Get her off of there now.
Oh, you sell blatantly.
Head of a sexual.
It's disgusting.
Real nice images.
You're conjuring up there on MTV nice.
I say if I you and then two.
Okay, for putting that crap on the air.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Okay, he's busy playing with it.
And I think he may have said.
I'm going to ask him about the last two, and I need to put up a little bit of the
I can't understand the.
Thank God.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T line.
I am going to play music in a few minutes because I can see that it's hopeless today.
Here's a call from Bradenton.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a listener from when you used to be up in Tampa.
Yeah.
Really miss you, man.
No, we wish I could say the same.
Yeah.
I caught you a little bit down in Miami when you were on WIOD.
I have a, and I heard you were being broadcast over the Internet.
So I finally got my act together and have the audio web.
And now you found out you switched stations.
So is there any way to listen to you from where I'm at?
Yeah, we're on there. We're on the audio. What do you mean by that?
Oh, you are. Yes. How do I find you?
What do you mean? How do you find us?
You just go, you just go to the audio net or you go to the awardgers.com.
Or you can go to our website, neorodgers.com, or you can go to the other
thing that we're on now. What is it?
Whatever that other one is broadcast.
Broadcast.com. We're all over the place.
Wonderful. Made my day.
Okay. Have a great day pal.
Okay. Boy, son, it's already pressed. He must need us desperately.
You know what I'm saying?
Only $50.
All right. $56.705.60, pound 5.60 on the A.
And I'll tell you one good thing. He was a mentioned tap of briefly, but didn't mention.
You know who. Thank God for that.
Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Okay.
I'm just going to this gruddle citizen calling about the jack food.
Not the store of trupin and society.
Not no. I live in. Yeah.
I'm serious, man.
Nobody in this town cares about it. Okay.
They got all whipped up for one day and voted against the tax increase, which was good.
We got to lift up that one time, but they won't happen again.
I know.
They don't give a crap about any of these things.
I'm not sure if it's about the fact that you're looking at something.
Maybe I have to assume the majority of them agree with this crap because nobody has
anything to say about it.
Maybe the majority of the people in this audience think it's great that the police have
a 16-year-old prostitutes.
Yeah. Well, yeah, for them.
I wonder what would happen if you were if you were if you set up a horror ring with a 16-year-old girl.
I wonder how many years that would send your ass away for it.
The whole point is they're above the law and it's just not right.
You know, I'm living, I'm struggling.
You know, I had a possession charge against me three years ago.
A possession of what?
The position of marijuana.
Oh, no!
Yeah.
You had wicked weed in your possession, sir, and you're still alive?
Neil, I'm still paying $120 a month for a so-called cost of supervision.
Oh, my God.
It's a bit of a Florida Department of Corrections.
Cost of supervision?
What? To make sure that you don't go out and buy anymore or grow any plants in your backyard?
Are God forbid even smoke some?
Yeah, I guess.
I mean, I have to have to pee in a cup once a month.
Ah!
It's, uh, and once give them that money, and on top of that, if like, if I have any altercation with any police, you know, whether it's my former gun.
How much were you in possession of four or five pounds? I mean, how much should he have?
No, I did have a couple of pounds.
Yeah.
I mean, it was a felony possession charge.
Couple of pounds.
I'm surprised you're not on death row right now. We can parent them to soak up the old cheer again.
Uh, I don't know, Neil.
It's just...
I just don't get it.
You know, look, you're...
They don't care, man.
I hate to break the news here. They don't care. That's why it's the way it is.
There's...
And good luck to you. Okay. You're putting me into a coma.
Well, he's deep priced, and I can't blame him.
I mean, but there's a guy that's smoking a wicked weed.
And if you're gonna smoke a wicked weed, they're gonna send you away for a long time in this country,
because it's a Nazi, it's police state.
Oh, there he goes saying that again. Well, it's a goddamn truth.
It's a frickin' police state.
And then you got the thing like that heraldopiece last night in Pittsburgh,
where that's a hopeless situation.
You got to cop some of them who are obviously racist maniacs on the one hand,
and some of whom are doing, trying to do a good job on the other hand.
And then you got to the erstaches, some of whom are decent law-abiding people,
and some of the rest of them are just scumbags, who are just ready to scream racist,
no matter what they do. And it's hopeless. It's a hopeless situation.
But I say, let's fill up all the jail cells with all the pot smokers,
and pot growers, and pot dealers, and then we can put all the murderers back out there on the streets.
And then we'll be safe.
And of course, also fill up some of the jail cells with people from those swing clubs too.
Right? Yeah.
Especially if they're teachers.
Oh, yeah, the teachers can't be having sex.
5, 6, 7, or whatever. In fact, you should kiss the ground that there were teachers in the swing club,
because most of my teachers, where they used to call in the old days, old maids,
which we now call bull bikes, which didn't make them bad teachers, but you know.
And beat that gator meat.
In theaters now, from the director of Star Trek, and the producer of the spy,
who shagged me.
It's the spy, who shagged spy.
Who are making you honing?
Sir, would you mind explaining that season, please?
Do all make you honing, baby. Yeah, do all.
Fascinating. But quite clean possible.
Oh, groovy, baby.
And as for my anatomy being different from yours, I am delighted.
Well, they're astronomical belief.
Very long, and judging from what you've seen so far, I agree.
Oopie, hey.
The spy, who shagged spy.
Shall we shag now or shall we shag later?
I wonder what Star Trek's plan will say about that.
New long and prosper.
Yeah, baby.
1114 at 560 WDQM.
So better get to this.
Somebody fact me.
I've already got this.
But thank you anyway for reminding me the editorial and other.
You know, if you read it in the newspapers here, you know, it must be a pile of crap.
Uh-huh.
You know, but they must be full of it.
Trying to spread it out to something that's garbage and trying to knock down something that's great.
Like Casino's, for example.
Baseball's future.
It's time to build a ballpark says the Sunset and the leadership and vision required to make a deal.
I, you know, every time I think I've read the worst swill in one of our newspapers that I ever read in my life,
I come across something that even though one upset.
Believe it or not, it says a public private stadium preferably under the retractable dome can be built without gouging taxpayers or enriching wealthy owners like John Henry above and players.
It's been done elsewhere.
And it goes on and on.
We've said it before.
We'll say it again.
Major League Baseball is an important community asset and a valuable component of soft Lotus quality of life.
No, no, no.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
It's an important component of, you know, this, this is like the thing about if we don't have more metro real, it's going to turn into a third world of toilet here.
This is the same kind of crap.
Like how did we ever live here before we had to marlins and you know something I hate to break the news to the asshole at the Sunset and all, but the quality of life here was a hell of a lot better before we had to marlins.
Not because of that, but because of things unrelated to it.
So give us a break the quality of life.
The major community asset goes on and on and on about this and John Henry this and we know I've pinged that all sorts of reasons for the ball and to want to settle in Broward nearly half the ball and fans live there.
Yeah, all ten of them.
They had a game last night with a Philadelphia Phillies.
It says in a paper.
The other day, I was in the same paper.
The other day, I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
I was in the same paper.
The totals were all students who went down to dry.
And then in theative when they Tech Owls was alive,
they went down to dry.
In theative when they were away, they went home together,
they went home together, they went home together, they went home together, they went home together, they went home together, they went home together, they went home together,
they went home together, they went home together,
I mean you talk about Hutzpah. See this is one of the problems we have in this in North America.
Is that the sports nerds now have become real brazen and even though the quality of their product has in most cases gotten down to a level where it's laughable where it's a joke where it's a crap product.
With all this expansion and greed and these overpaid idiotic moronically literate jocks.
They got the hospital to think that all the rest of us who aren't quite as gong-ho as they are with this crap that we're supposed to subsidize it to so they can have their fun they can have their crap.
You know if somebody comes along and says well let's build a bigger public library you know attached pyramid oh my god a library and I don't go to the library okay I can afford to buy my own books but nevertheless.
What do you think is more important to the quality of life in a community a great public library or God damn stadium.
And I could go on and on with a whole list of things I have a lot more important than a God damn baseball stadium because you'll notice how many facilities they build it's never good enough it's never big enough it's never a state of the art enough it's never sufficient to for whatever reason it never's going to make enough money for the owner to cover all these ridiculous salaries.
So the Sun Central thinks it's a great idea for us to help you and Henry out and for you people those of my fellow Broward citizens now and I were going to have a fight after the people in the day they had their battle because the Sun Central thinks that we ought to dig it or if they're so gong-ho about it how come the God damn Chicago Tribune Company which owns the Sun Central how come they don't pay for it they're at baseball people they own a God damn Cubs why don't they together there are deep pockets.
And by and the help John Henry build a stadium that sounds like a great idea to me I will all support it except unless you build near somebody house where it's going to create all kinds of traffic jams and a mess and disrupt everybody's lives.
The notion of a baseball stadium in downtown Fort Lauderdale is so ridiculous to me in an area already where it's impossible the traffic isn't just bad it's impossible it's hopeless hopeless.
This would be like saying let's let Preston hand will take down the overpass there on sunrise and will block off sunrise bullard again let everybody all the pedestrians cross the street and block traffic again after we solve the problem.
It's working too good there okay let's let everybody keep crossing the street and let the Nick the Varro supervise the VSO people there which we all know what that's all about.
Here's a mobile and marathon hello.
Amy how you doing pretty good sir. Hey I just like to say two things first thing I like to say screw you how it's turned you're an asshole and the second thing is that I've been listening to you for about three years now and my son hasn't been listening to you for about seven months and he says you want your autograph okay.
Take care man. See you.
5 6 7 0 5 16 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Davey hello.
Neil Scott yes sir. Hi I have a suggestion. Go right ahead. This is to make the board team in the morning a little bit better. Yeah replace Steve Goldstein.
Yeah there we go I'm all for that. Are you going to watch him on Conan tonight? No I'm not. Well I want to check it out. I'm going to watch him on Conan for when I've got 50,000 video tapes he sent me that I don't watch anyway and I can see him in person anytime I want if I'm in the mood for losing lunch.
That's true I don't know I've actually never seen him so well you you got to watch that. Hey and that guy who was just saying screw you to how it's turned yeah I've heard some people mention him a couple times and I never really hear what your opinion of how I do.
I don't have an opinion I think he's gotten some very bright people behind him who know how to pull the yank the thing on a publicity machine and he's making a lot of money and I don't think Roger may think okay.
Yeah and the only reason he has right and I don't listen to his show. Well the only reason he has Robin there so we could say whatever he wants about black people.
Yeah well I say whatever I want I don't have Robin here. That's true that's a make sure so much better.
Okay. Alright and after you. I wonder does he use the word sparses on here? No. Okay.
Five six I mean not that this ain't big deal I'll be honest with you I think I would have been great to see people be a little bit more honest about that in certain cases.
Like for example that thing they had like that on her although I think for all the would have come on so we got this problem between the pigs and the sparses and Pittsburgh it would have been a lot more entertaining.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. I think we ought to play pro-zac that's with two Z's.
Fuck the BU and dedicated to some settle in the hero all the assholes and voices.
Yeah I'm going to play that in a little while I love it. Here's North Miami. Hello. North Miami.
Seven minutes and fifteen seconds later they're gone. Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale hello.
NEO. Yes. How about a penny tax for schools? Yeah. That's what we need. An education. No. No. No. The old folks don't want that.
Oh that's right because the young folks might get some smart and take over and keep people out of here. No no just because their kids aren't in school here anymore so they don't want to subsidize education you know.
Yeah well that's it. Out of the material. Okay thank you. Okay they got no material today is what the audience is telling me. Here's Hollywood hello.
Any on how you doing? Okay sir. Well you know you know what with all these bus going on for for sexual things here in Broward County all of a sudden.
It's because we have another politician in the office of Broward Sheriff. Yeah Ken Jenny who's all of a sudden now that he got in all of a sudden he used to be a you know like a moderate Democrat now all of a sudden he's become a big fan of the city.
He's trying to walk through the governor. Well he never he never met a photo opportunity that he didn't like that's right he's just a political horror.
He is he knows nothing about police. He's never was a cop. He got to make it with Jones for Nick Navarro back that's how bad this guy is.
What I want to know is you know when caught unfortunately the unfortunate passing of Cochrane. How did Kenny even become a candidate for this position he has no experience in law enforcement whatsoever.
He was just a politician that got beat out an election he was floating around they decided to give him a job right he's a political hack and it was the same way with Nick.
He's kind of like the Alex Piers of Broward County just got you know he this is just a stepping stone for him on the way it was higher political aspirations.
Absolutely. And you know what and as soon as as soon as that office comes up for election again the people of Broward County I hopefully will be smart enough to drum him out the same way that they drummed out Nick Navarro.
I know I'm going to go to God. I can see that they're really animated today they're really whipped up to a frenzy so well don't get too excited.
Thanks. And have a great day. They don't even care about the Sunsettle and this thing about the ballpark I guess you're already to pay you know more tax to build the John Henry ballpark is that the deal.
Okay good luck to you first I'll think about it 5 6 7 0 5 60 by the way speaking of thinking about it you know yesterday something happened in here that really just frosted my ass.
Joe Castello would ask me for you know if I would be kind enough to share with him some of my dolphin tickets because they get these free season tickets and parking passes from the station and I don't mind doing that because Joe's a good guy number one number two he has something to do with the show.
And then I'm walking out in the hall as the date progressed and I mentioned that on the year I'm discovering see I don't mind feeding hangs people okay because they're good guys Josh Jason those that the crowd I don't mind feeding them because Hank isn't all that you know plus Hank isn't here about the time like today's out there at Shulas eating his own free food not sharing.
And he did ask me yesterday you think I should feed this room I said no Hank I will take care of you know I'm a lot better getting the free food in here than you are which I am.
But I mean I don't mind feeding his people but I also I don't think I should have to be especially just stop and think about this this is the one none sports show on an all sports station.
Are you following this.
That would be like somebody calling up Don I'm just saying hey I'm and can you get us some goddamn Yankee tickets.
You know it wouldn't make any sense.
And they're calling me all these and not calling but they're like why why don't I follow me on here yesterday oh yeah we want to do it.
See Jason you're out immediately because after seeing that picture of the turd in the toilet bowl I mean that's I know I'm just in no way that that's just I'll never recover from that as long as I live that's something I'll take to my grave.
Is the vision of that J shape turd in the toilet bowl.
Having been expelled by your fat pimpley. Oh god.
I mean that was seriously I have nothing grosses me out I've seen it all even Tom Green she will know his worms you have a knife that was pretty close to the edge for me but nevertheless I could handle it because Tom at least is funny which Jason isn't.
So Jason he's off the list and Josh you see since he got the title now of assistant PD or whatever his title is all of a sudden now he's like you know he's kind of like mustling it all his other territories I think the answer is no there's only eight home games.
And here's the here's the way it goes okay if George were a football fan which he's not but if he were he would get number one because you know he's a part of the show.
He's Mr. hot shot okay oh I don't like his attitude about the backstreet boys but nevertheless like I said George is moving down the list fast with that limptic biscuit crap like I said see he's only doing that because you don't want to support tickets anyway although once in a while he does ask for a hockey ticket your good friend Rimmer will get you those.
Yeah just don't hold him in your hand too long because they'll have some special a substance on there and then Joe cost all comes right after that and then after that it's like you know and of course long before any a hangs people get any freebies from the show I don't want to stick JP in there because he's going back to school in a couple of ways but nevertheless is there any doubt is there any doubt in the world that he stands way heads and shoulders above those guys no there you go just ask an old flag like me and I'll tell you.
So I forget it guys you're out.
So I'm the nation is he alive.
If you're stuck with him then one hour seems like five.
The story is the boringest person that you'll ever view.
The story is the boringest person goes for a tip or two.
The only one's more word and than him enough beyond.
But he'll come to life for Asian guys with lots of dogs.
The story is the boringest he's down the boringest he's down the boringest person that you'll ever view.
Okay Joe is fast as the info finally from our sister station over there in the West Coast. Thank you Joey seeing congratulations on the nice right up in the newspaper over there.
All the way notice they don't mention my name at all or Hank or anybody else on Q.I.M. but nevertheless it says this jockey Joe Scott who's ups and downs and overs and outs were chronicled in his column and is not interesting over and four Myers they've never radio column.
Have we got a radio column here?
No.
Anybody discovered the FCC thing?
No.
They discovered the last book that came out and Tom jick is back but he's still writing crap about these TV shows.
You know something new people at these newspapers in his town you're the laughing stock of America.
They could drop nuclear weapons in goddamn middly and you people still be writing crap from 10 years ago.
And the editorial would still say oh we got to have a stadium to sustain the quality of life.
It says relegated to WCNAM by deeply broadcasting Scott who tends with Ryan from 6th to 10 a.m. Monday through Friday.
Was Ryan?
Yeah I must have missed something here.
Score the first major numbers in the stations 12 year history.
I thought air joe see.
Even though we had higher numbers than heated.
Arbor Tron ranked the Joe show number three in morning drive behind top dog Howard Stern on WRXK FM.
Wasn't that interesting WRXK as opposed to WF's RK?
And contemporary adult contemporary WSG LFM of Naples from anologist 25 to 34. Scott was 4th from N25 54.
5th were adults and etc.
For him today, view it number three is just incredible says general manager Brad Beasley.
I know Joe has got a loyal following but I was surprised as fans found him as quickly as they did without us promoting him.
Scott who excelled at 96 K Rock and flopped at WJBXFM through a backhanded compliment at his partner of nine months.
When Ryan really has nothing to say he doesn't say anything he said that to tell most people in this business don't have like Rick.
Anyway, the station was 24th last year that's last Scott says there was zero is across the board.
Wildlife would even listen to what the Beasley is better do the right thing or I'll be back to the note will be back to no numbers.
He says I want to get back to FM so we can compete effectively against Howard Stern.
Right.
Beasley though says he likes Scott's current spot on the dial.
Joe put the station on the map Beasley says I think he's found a home.
Joe put the station on the map.
Just remember that.
Yeah.
I'm not going to say anything else nothing anything away from Joey see over there.
Okay, at least the different.
It's different.
It is Joey see the PD and Joe Scott two different.
Like I said Joe Scott why do you know Scott's the guy that hates me like poison.
No, don't be with Lucky.
Okay.
Anyway, in the morning they had let's see WWCNAM.
What is this person's point men 25 54 they had a 1.6 year.
How does I don't understand how does that make the number I don't get it.
But anyway, that's what it says here six.
Oh, I see 6 am to midnight.
I'm sorry excuse me.
Boy, sure sent us a lot of crap here.
6 am to midnight.
Oh, he didn't send me his things alone.
Okay.
So maybe he did have a good number.
I don't know.
Anyway, 10 am to 2 p.m. here WWCN had a 2 point out here in men 25 54.
So we're starting to make a little bit of a dead over there.
And of course most of those back there's even if they're listening to us right now would never have been in the mid-year years.
No, we know that over on the West Coast.
Most of those are knuckle liakers.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on it's because they got bad name on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes sir. You know with the state I'm a sports fan and if every sports went away.
Uh huh. It wouldn't make a difference in anybody's life.
That's right.
I mean, I mean, I watch a lot football and hockey and even women's soccer but I was hoping for the tops to come off.
And but like I said, if they all just went away, is quality of life would not diminish when I order?
Even at a hot one they're talking about the quality of life is enhanced by having a baseball team here.
Are these people crazy?
There's nobody going there.
There's no interest at all.
None.
I didn't even know we still had baseball down here.
We don't. We have a little league baseball.
Right.
But if we put, you know, the stadium in downtown Fort Lauderdale would increase the quality of life for the panhandlers.
Yeah, that's true.
Interstate.
That's about it.
But that's about it.
It's like a dual Miami arena that helped them out for a few for five seasons.
Exactly.
Okay.
Good luck, yes sir.
There's a guy who's honest enough.
You know, he likes to stay.
Like I do. I enjoy it.
But it's not life.
It's not a replacement for like having a real living and breathing city.
I mean, once upon a time you had spring break in Fort Lauderdale, you chased all those people out.
And now you want a baseball stadium.
Which would you rather have spring break and all those living and breathing college kids for a couple of months of the year or a major league baseball stadium?
And nobody's going to go to.
It's going to tie up traffic and create a nightmare.
Sports radio.
Five sixties.
You.
In theaters now from the producer of Austin Powers, the spy who shagged me in the director of Star Wars.
It's Austin Powers, the wookie who shagged me.
The wookie who shagged me.
Yeah baby.
Only one wookie was injured during the making of this movie.
Yeah.
I know it's shocking, but I do love this song.
I love it.
You watch the dancers change.
You know what I'm talking about.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I never do that.
We don't want to get too music intensive because.
I love it.
I love it.
You prosack in this time.
You say that right away.
They're popping pills.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
Pomp five sixty on the 18 T line.
The hang gobert show from Shula's at two six o'clock.
We got Donnie baseball.
You know what that means.
Oh, I mean, don't mad dogs.
And that means we got other crappy ball game.
That's right.
Six thirty to pregame seven o'clock to fillies at the Marlins.
Any interest in this one?
No.
But we're going to have a new baseball stadium because John Henry, we don't want to subsidize a billionaire.
You understand?
That's what our newspaper tells us.
But we just want to make sure that they don't go flying away.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
I want to thank you for bringing attention to that article.
A poor old Mr. Henry, right?
Yeah, 165 foot yacht up there in Alaska somewhere.
And we got to worry about kicking in some tax money to build a stadium.
Now, the article says the pro player stadium is not suitable for baseball.
I got a question.
If it was suitable enough for a championship team, why is it not suitable enough for a
last time?
And if it was suitable enough for them to drop three million people the first season when
Wayne and Elijah were teeth and said they lost money even that year, if three million people
came out the first year, if this was really a baseball town which it's not, then how come they
couldn't still be doing it?
Exactly.
He says he won't have enough money if he has the papers on the stadium to be competitive.
Well, let me ask the question again.
Who held the gun to us and made him buy this crappy team?
And even if you do buy all the expensive players that doesn't guarantee your winner.
Right.
Just look at the Orioles.
Look at so many of these other teams that spent millions and millions and millions they stick
to join out.
And if you get a winner, then one happens.
The next year you sell them all off, you're back in the basement.
You don't even get to build on it.
You don't get to enjoy it.
In addition to which they're not even talking about building it when they're talking about
two years down the road and three years down the road.
And they're asking us in the meantime to subsidize a horse crap team that nobody has any
interest in and then build a sky of stadiums so maybe pie in the sky if come, maybe somewhere
down the road he'll build a winning team which will get everybody whipped up.
You know, this is not a baseball team by the second season after the novelty of that first year
war off the team wasn't drawn flies and even when they won the World Series a couple of
years ago they couldn't sell out to playoffs.
They had playoff games with unsold tickets.
It was only during the euphoria of the World Series that this time put on the pretense of being a
baseball pound.
It's not.
Never got any.
Absolutely.
Last question for you sir.
Would you say that on this planet in this time if you're less with the ability and the
opportunity to play a game for a living?
Don't you think that's pretty fortunate?
Until these guys are a little overpaid?
Yeah, just a few million overpaid right?
Like maybe ten million each a year, right?
I mean, what if they were the lower prices, lower the parking fees, lower the
concessions?
I mean, that's the way to build loyalty with your fans.
Right.
If they ever do build another stadium, how about a little room to sit there?
I mean, to put the seats right on top of each one.
Well, I like it.
They like it in Macarena where they got the seats in the corners for five fifty pound people.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Thank you for back to you.
No, no, you don't understand.
If you're going to get the good players, you got to give them ten million year, fifteen
million year, twenty million year, thirty million year.
And some of you morons continue subsidizing that crap.
That's the thing that really thrust my ass.
At least watching that stupid golf monday that it was free.
If it was that boring, and I guess maybe it was, if it were that desperate to find something
to put on here, at least it was for free.
But there are assholes out there.
I mean, that's what America's made on.
That's what the whole economy is made on as suckers.
We're watching this morning before the show start.
We're watching this on much music again.
The eighty five ads for the psychic dyke network with all the respect to our good friends who are griffin.
And then the tarot card bitch and all this other stuff.
And then you see all the info mercials mostly on Sundays, the whole day on some channels, like seven after they finished with a religious bull crap.
Yeah, I think it's appropriate.
They have the info mercials on.
And the religious shows at the same time.
It's all a fraud.
It's all chicanery.
It's all a con job.
The con you out of your money.
And that's why our good buddy Ron Popeel, that's why he's making millions.
That's right because the suckers like you folks out there, just like me, with that juicer sitting in my, and that pasta maker,
at least we didn't pay for that piece of crap.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pemberpine.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was commenting on you're talking about the teachers.
I'm a teacher and I can almost tell you that most of this immorality and corruption comes at the administrator level.
Look at the old days in Dade County, Johnny Jones.
Yeah.
The sexual harassment suits being filed against administrators at Northwestern, North Miami Beach with the cocaine.
I mean, you know, they always try to put it on the classroom teacher and we've got a hell of a job to do anyway.
And you know, it just really gripes me that the administrators and the big wigs and the school board, I mean, they cover everything up and then they put it on a little guy.
I mean, we have to get punished.
Well, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
It seems to care, pal.
Nobody seems to give a crap about this at all.
I guess that by their lack of a response, I have to assume that they agree with what's been done.
And you know, to go along with that, in the local section on page 3B, police fight crime with handing out chocolate chip cookies.
You see that one?
Oh, yeah.
You know, I just can't believe it.
You know, I need one thing.
When you read the ratings, did Mr. Ego even make a blip on the screen?
No, they don't show up at all.
Okay.
They don't exist.
All right, yeah.
We'll just keep talking about it.
I mean, you're the only one that even tries to.
Okay, have a great day.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah, and now we got the people in Dade whipped up and frustrated.
Of course, that was going to cost them some money that penny sales tax and rightfully so they got upset about that.
But anything short of that, as long as it won't cost the money.
Now, you wait and see if this thing should get on the ballot about a tax increase in Broward to subsidize John Henry Stim.
It'll suffer the same fate if not worse than the penny sales tax.
I guarantee you that it'll be an overwhelming no vote.
Because I think the days of the public, you know, being willing to pay any kind of a dime.
Like I said before, let's have a certain tax on the tickets for the ball game starting right now.
Starting for the next however many years, they would have to continue playing in PPP Park.
Let's have a $5 surtax on each ticket so that that very small group of pseudo intellectual jackasses, the sports knobs.
So they can pay for their own guy, the stadium.
The rest of us aren't interested.
Oh, thank you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And too bad that metro rail thing ran and went down.
We could have run the metro rail all the way up there to downtown for a lot of day.
So the stadium that's going to be built in the next 10, 20, 30 years.
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
I got a little spy report on those on those oinkers on that Miami Beach policeman that was pimping out that little 16 year old girl.
The reason why I think it's got so quiet was for some of our other clients were other policemen from before.
We know that.
Oh, from four different municipalities.
And now the sudden it's swept under the mat.
And it's all forgotten.
And I'm a taxpayer.
And we all pay their salaries and work it off.
Would you say work pissed off?
You're the only one that has called about it at all.
Nobody cares.
I've been talking about it.
I mentioned it every day on the show just in passing to make a point of the fact that nobody hears anything new about the story.
Everybody in the media needs to be bought off or they got Alzheimer's, one or the other.
And the story just vanished.
It just disappeared overnight.
Amen to that.
Last night on Channel 7 news was the most pathetic thing.
I think since I saw Hurricane George when they put a reporter out in the middle of the hurricane in Rick's Anches asking all these ridiculous questions.
And when you see Brian Andrews in the water yesterday in this can't be I think that was just.
That was the all time best.
And why was that?
One shame was for questions if you could.
I'll come to you on like to hear a hard deck.
Okay.
Thank you.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line is the search continues as we continue probing our testicles through the radio speakers to see if we can find anybody alive out there.
That's just that's just to be broadcast much music or VH1 or something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Although it's dangerous because you're in night my second I don't want to put that on this show.
Well, that's Sam continuing hanging with Jordan.
Okay.
That's a good match.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
I like to comment on that great letter that's like a kid wrote earlier about the Catholic school and everything.
Uh-huh.
I was a- I know who the kid is.
He's a good kid and-
How do you know who it is?
No, because he told me he was going to send you the letter.
Yeah.
Yeah, because I was like I was serving the food and yeah, some kids just came up to me and asked me why I was serving what food?
What are you talking about?
Your man is letter that he was saying that's that some kid a friend of his-
How much I remember asking for a yeah, yeah, I'm lent.
Yeah.
And then that teacher gave the kid a detention.
I mean, this teacher is a douchebag.
You know what I mean?
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
We already got it.
It was a great facts bag call.
567-0560-0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're really going to be in for today.
Maybe we got two hours to go.
We got two calls on the board here.
This town is dead as a door and LA got nothing to say about any of this.
See, I give myself carried away like that thing we had the election last week and I get all pumped up and really think that there's something out there.
And then I realize, no, not really.
Don't get too carried away.
Here's a mobile in Pember pine.
Hello?
You go.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Brian and the Bay was such a success last night.
I heard on Channel 7 tonight, you're having a brain in a burning house on surviving fires, calling it a flame-run the fire.
All right.
All right.
You put them in a burning building and see if you can hear them in the air.
Yeah, I'm like it was supposed to be big news to us that he floats.
You know, like that was a big bulletin.
What do you think he said when they called him up and said, hey, we want you to sit in the bay for three hours.
He threw some blood in there and he wasn't holding the...
Hey, boy, what's that in your mouth?
And by the way, Brian, Adam's still ain't interested.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Before I get to the subject, I just wanted to say my favorite song and I'm not ashamed of it.
He is by the back street boy.
Is that one they're playing on the radio all the time?
I don't know.
I want it that way.
Oh, I love that song.
I think I'm going to play it between now and two just over and over again.
Endless loop.
That song might make me talk to you.
You're begging for a phone call.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you what I'm outraged about and I just turned on the program.
So if you've already been talking about it, I'm sorry.
But both teachers that were suspended for accounting for having sex in a private club.
I can't believe that.
I mean, what were they doing that was so wrong?
They were having a second.
They were doing sexual acts and that's evil and bad and immoral and grotesque.
And teachers aren't supposed to have sex even with their own spouse.
I know that guy was with his wife.
You were going down on her.
Right.
That's all I did that last night.
Yeah, well, great.
Maybe that's why she suspended.
How about trying it on your own wife?
Oh, but oh.
Maybe that's it.
Okay.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
This is the day I just threw my hands up and he earned give up.
Here's our last call.
Here's Poppano.
Hey, Neil, don't give up that.
I give up right now.
You're the only call.
You're the only guy I got on the board.
You rigged out.
All these things that I'm all whipped up about and these people are like that.
Nothing moves these bastards.
Nothing.
Nothing at all.
Listen, first of all, about the Broward thing.
What's going to happen next?
Like the cops are going to raid me in my bedroom with that one?
That's coming up next.
That's right.
And then another thing.
I just moved down from Jersey.
I've been listening to you for about two months.
And to tell you the truth, I got nothing against Stern.
And you're just like, you just continue my whole morning because I just like,
I drive a truck all day.
Yeah.
And you just like, totally just keep me going.
Great.
So now you're doing a great job.
Yeah, I have a lot of people listening to Howard in the morning in the show in the middle of the day.
And then they have to, they take a see Esther, whatever they do.
Right, but like before some guy was talking about, you know, you don't need Robin.
You don't.
You just like make it interesting.
Yeah.
You buy yourself and that other.
Just imagine if I had an 800 number here, we can get the people calling here without paying for it from all over there.
We got people listening on the internet all over the country.
We got people over there in the West Coast, even a few thousand of those, those stickers and four miles.
But I work for a cheap ass office.
So you know, we're doing the best we can.
There's nothing with absolutely nothing.
Do you stream?
Do we want?
You stream on the internet.
Yeah, we stream.
That's cool.
What's the word?
NeoRodges.com.
NeoRodges.com?
Yes, sir.
Excellent.
Alright, dude.
And have a great day.
You too.
We're streamed the way you said you stream.
I was telling you.
It's a little personal.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line of desperate Wednesday.
It just keeps getting worse and worse.
And it's only the 4th of August.
We only got like, let's say, 27.
Only about 30 days to go into a labor day, huh?
Absolutely.
Too bad.
Hi.
I'm Lenny Gravid, musician extraordinaire.
I know you're all familiar with my cover of the Rock Classic American One.
Where I added my own guitar style.
You liked it so much.
I decided to cover other Rock Classics like Smoke on the Water.
You never got her to be here.
I'm going to do a little bit of rock music.
I'm going to do a little bit of rock music.
I'm going to do a little bit of rock music.
I'm going to do a little bit of rock music.
Lenny Gravid covers Rock Classics.
Now available.
And for limited time only, send in your proof of purchase to a chance to win an M&E guitar just like the one I play.
Don't go to wherever.
See these are sold.
You get Lenny Gravid's cover is rock classic.
And I'll figure this out.
Look at this one.
I'm going to do this for a good eye, Mrs. Member.
I'm going to do a little bit of rock music.
I'm going to do a little bit of rock music.
I'm going to do a little bit of rock music.
But anyway, see that is it may.
That's right.
That's going to be on Waffen.
So don't be laughing about that.
That's going to be some really stiff competition.
Here's a mobile in Port St. Lucie.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
You know, you cut from this last week and nobody brought, nobody talked about it after that.
And I just thought of this San Francisco took that A.H.O. Lord Phillips.
Yeah.
And so I'm thinking next time she beats somebody up in San Francisco, wouldn't the 49ers be viable for that?
Liable for what?
For his behavior because they know that he has a history of violence on the women in the around them.
No, of course not.
How can somebody else be responsible for your individual behavior?
Well, because with the shooting in Atlanta and stuff, they're being sued because they knew this person had history of violence.
And they didn't protect the people around them enough.
That's that species.
It's ridiculous.
Why agree?
But something's got to be done with Bobbie's superheroes that just have some rules.
The only reason that this goes on is because the fans, the sports nerds encourage it.
They like it.
Just like when I talked yesterday about Daryl Strawberry being given a week early to come back by Bud Light.
It's the same crap.
The so-called fans, they don't have any principal.
They don't have any schoolples.
All they care about is if somebody can get their team to win, they don't care if it's the worst scumbags out of face.
They don't care.
Don't you get it?
They don't care.
I don't care.
I don't understand that.
That sports in America and then people who don't know why the kids have got the wrong values, they're all screwed up.
The same with the request?
Yes, sir.
Keeping through a keyhole.
Thank you, sir.
567-0560-0.560.
Well, I mean, I'll say yes to anything.
This is the man I'm going to play it.
I mean, they keep requesting this.
I want to play a different stuff, you know?
Like, Lenny Kravitz plays the most of my greatest hits.
567-0560-0.560.
I would let him Kravitz plays Prozac.
We're going to be playing that from one to two.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
First of all, I'd like to say that you make a lot of driving as part of my job.
You make it a lot more bearable driving on these roads.
And I would be a lot more bearable if I didn't have to go through this exercise every day of my life.
You know what this is like doing a show in this town?
It's like trying to squeeze blood out of a rock.
That's what it's like trying to do.
It's impossible.
I go home and I look in the mirror and I wonder how the hell have I managed to survive this long?
And a place as dead as this place is.
I hear you.
I have a couple of comments about the shows on MTV.
Yeah.
First of all, I want to say that this season of road rules absolutely stinks.
Right.
It's a worst one.
Ugly, idiotic, pathetic, boring, depressed, manic kids.
Who the hell needs that?
Did you watch it last night?
No.
At that girl, the black girl, Diana, was freaking out doing some sort of voodoo and just pissing everybody off.
And I think this is just think the ship with all of them on it.
And they can also take the kid from the real world that fruitcake and maybe he can keep it afloat.
Give him out there.
Give him off my set.
And even though the two shows are bad for some reason you just keep watching it.
I don't see what happened.
No, I don't.
And the last thing.
There's not any good flesh on there.
I'm zipping along real fast.
And the other thing I've noticed, you know that show total request live with Carthage.
She wears the same exact clothes every single day.
Yeah, I know.
She's like an overweight guy, not like obese, but a little bit fat.
And he always wears a t-shirt with a long sleeve shirt like untucked.
Yeah.
And it just kills me.
I want to see him wearing a shirt tucked in just one day.
Yeah, that's a wife, you know.
I think he should just come out of the closet and show that he's fat.
Okay.
Have a good one.
Thanks.
So you had to say out of what's his name, Julian?
Justin.
Justin, let's say I had a Justin.
Hey, Justin, I know what the heterosexual conspiracy Justin.
The whole world's against you, sweetheart, including me.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one lot.
Thanks a lot, MTV, for really giving us some real good fat role models there, huh?
If we could just all go up to be like Justin, we could all get the crap beat out of us.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
How are you doing today, Neil?
Okay, sir.
When is your fascism going to start with the Bokeh's private clubs?
Let people do whatever they're going to do.
But the reason I called, the maybe reason I called this, your colleagues this morning had a case.
My colleagues?
I shouldn't use that colleagues.
Paul and Ron and that other knitwear on that knitwear station.
Those are my colleagues.
Well, they're both radio disc talkies.
You know.
Yeah.
Anyway, they were talking about the same subject.
And they said that it was absolutely horrible that teachers were in this kind of position.
They didn't know pun intended.
And they should have a higher moral standard because of how they're supposed to represent the community.
What a bunch of horrible.
What a bunch of horrible.
What a bunch of horrible crap that is okay.
I wonder how much crap they've been doing in their lives, okay, which is nobody's business anyway.
Well, what kind of garbage is that?
Teachers because they're teaching children.
Well, what does that continue with their private sex life?
In other words, maybe Paul would like to tell the teachers what positions they should do at home with their wives, too,
so that they can be really upright, so to speak, upstanding.
You don't have to understand there's a lot of other clubs that they said that.
I can't believe that they said that.
I find it hard to believe that they're that clear.
Honestly, one of them was just the police, one of the head of the teachers union or somebody called.
And they said that they were just talking about how horrible that this goes on.
And that they're...
What goes on?
That what goes on?
That there were swing clubs were considering adults pay the...
I mean, to me, I don't see the difference between joining some other guy named kind of a club.
I brought up the thing about fraternities the other day and had almost no response about that,
where people pay through the nose so that all these do's, so they can go there and get drunk and get laid
and do all this other grotesque stuff and maybe get killed.
But that's okay. Nobody has any idea what to do about that.
They noticed the wire was rated to begin with. Do you know why it was?
But do you mean why it was rated because the Ken Jenny decided that he's going to be the moral leader of Rowerd County
because they're like a good stepping stone to some of his next orifice.
But there are five others that are open all the time.
I don't understand why.
They closed them down and they're working on the other ones too.
They've been doing their best with those and before too long, you know, they'll have them all closed down.
Just a matter of a time.
You should live in that live.
Well, good luck, Fyusser. This is the U.S. Array.
That's not the U.S. Fn Way.
What's the other one?
Play-dosed is in the city for Lauderdale, so they're safe out of the reach of Ken Jenny.
Oh, well Ken Jenny of course is unincorporated, Broward, where he's got his testicles and his tentacles stuck,
wherever he can get them.
Brackdom.
Probably there too.
He's another fascist.
Every time we get a new, you know, new sheriff in Broward County, they try to outdo their predecessors.
Ed Stack, Bobby Butterworth, Nick Navarro, and now we got Ken Jenny who's making them all look like bikers.
Oh, we got the virginity law.
If anybody's got an erection out there, I mean, you're going to jail leaps for 10 to 20.
You're going to do some hard time, baby.
Nine minutes after noon, if I, you know who ought to do some hard time is time direct for this coffee that it gives us that we still don't understand.
But I'll do my best for our good friends at the Colgan Man.
Where is self?
Do you want to blast a fresh breath or just a blast?
Do you want to feel good?
Or do you just want to get so high you don't care what you look or smell like?
Then try a new crystal meth.
The new breath pressure that works from the inside and lasts for days.
A new crystal meth for that icy cold feeling.
Crystal meth.
This is not your father's crystal breath. It's crystal meth.
That'll available at local dealers everywhere.
14 at 5.60. Don't step on me again like that. We're going to play this.
Thank you.
12.14 at 5.60 W.A.M.
Wood's Duval Duval scores well on TV.
These are the important things that the American public are worried about.
I'm sitting there. I'm not that I'm some kind of an intellectual or even a pseudo intellectual, but I'm scouring for some kind of a show that might be interesting.
I'm watching 50 minutes part two. I'm watching 48 hours that herado thing on MSNBC.
A little bit of flesh on MTV and then back to something interesting.
Something you might learn something from. Something stimulating.
Any of the assholes are watching golf in prime time and you wonder why they're all out there.
You can't complain about the freedoms of the American public because they don't have any.
The only people who are free at the loom fix that are busy shooting everybody.
And on MTV right now they're having a big service in Atlanta.
A memorial service to make everybody feel better.
Comfort as we can at broken hearts.
Oh yeah. Atlanta memorial service of hope and remembrance.
This country that's what we keep having every few weeks we have another memorial service of hope and remembrance because we hope it don't happen again too soon.
I'll remember it keeps happening over and over again.
Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello.
Mobile in bokeh.
Hello Neil. Yes sir.
You are the Patrick Henry of this town. I just want to thank you.
And can I praise and call somebody a bad name?
Here's South Miami. Hello.
South Miami.
Neil. Yes sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay. I think the audience is in a deep sleep today.
I think that all that energy we have spent it on the election last week.
I think they need some rest.
Well I haven't heard you for a while.
I had to go up to the middle of the country to do some work in Indiana where all the Corn Julios are.
All the Corn whores are yeah.
Corn Julios.
And the whores.
I haven't heard you but you're still the same.
You're still here.
Say again.
I said I'm still here.
Yeah.
I keep clearing every couple of weeks I'm still here.
I couldn't believe I saw Jimmy Johnson going into a court backing up the Tony Martin there.
Well I disagree with you on that.
You know something I think I hope Tony Martin and I like Tony Martin.
I always thought he was a decent guy and a good, I don't know him personally but a good player.
I was unhappy when they got rid of him the first time even though I don't follow up that much anymore like I used to.
But I'm not pulling for Tony Martin because he didn't kill anybody.
He never stole a freight train.
I'm hoping in this one case Tony gets lucky.
Well what did Jimmy Johnson have to do with it though?
Well he's they're just showing their support.
That's all when anybody goes in a trial like that.
They're friends and whoever you know their employers they go in there and show a little oral support.
Yeah I'm not going up the nicks Neil never been there.
It's Flagler West or East two where?
71 11 West Library.
Just go to the Palm Metal and go East one mile.
71 11 West on the north side.
Hey could you play Barney taking a dump please?
Have a great day.
No.
567 and by the way we didn't do crap in Fort Myers.
Okay we appreciate that the two Joe's over there trying to make us feel better but we didn't do crap squat.
See they didn't show me the morning number because they don't want me to feel bad.
We came in like tied for number 700 or something like that.
We're not doing anything over there.
See just once in my lifetime once just one time I'd like to be on in a real market you know.
Tampa was that my market?
Fort Myers.
No.
Is that?
No.
We don't we got a small handful over there is what we got.
About like this a small handful which most you can relate to.
567 05 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami hello.
He's a local boy.
Yeah.
You're a local guy Neil I mean you know you're the talk of the town.
Listen Neil I you know I do hang on every way.
If you if you were one of those nose pickers those right wing nose pickers in the Fort Myers would you be inclined to listen to the show you think?
No.
Hell no.
Hell no.
Hell no I'd probably have some country religious music station on you know.
There you go.
There you go.
There should be some casting kiss not this thing.
You know I you bring a lot of things to the plate every day.
And then response none zero none.
Well okay but I come here with a full plate it's oh it's spilling over today it's so full and I get no response.
It's like I'm talking about I can go home and talk to my little pincher and my dog too and get a better response.
Well I'm not a big caller but you know I mean I listen to you a lot and I mean I hear what you say.
I discuss it among you know the people I work with like the thing about the cops you know you mentioned that the other day and that came up at lunch and I was like.
How is it possible that the story about the 16 year old girls and a prostitution ring in a country where God forbid that we legalize prostitution and that first of all if you I don't know how old you are but I'm assuming you're over 21.
Old fart.
Old fart.
If you were having sex with a 16 year old girl even consensual sex you get nailed for statutory rape forget about hooring her out.
You you need a nail right now.
You might have just think about that for a minute and smile.
Well Brittany's almost 18 she's getting close.
Well maybe but you know when you know we I mean I just speak it for myself but I think most of your listeners you know not the callers I think most of the listeners hear what you say and respond in one way or another.
Look at the vote okay I mean I did it seven o'clock in the morning I made sure that I punched my punch your thing your punch your button yeah listen to two other things I just wanted to mention it just.
It just hurts me the resurrected Mr. Whipple you see that no oh yeah Mr. Whipple is back with you.
Are you still squeezing it?
Doug him from the dead unwrapped him.
He's piece back second up I am a great Sarah power back by the way she's only been dead for about 15 years wait till I bring her back working for her meat oh geez where is it me.
Anyway listen in the morning before you come on I am a button pusher what happened to micronary in Henry Barrow Henry bear bow Henry's a retard he's he's a wine taster now he's been a lot of grandma boon.
And when he's up that W. J. N. A. 12 30 on the dial in the morning listen four times say you know get that smell and taste out of your mouth and hook a booga okay thanks by have a great day.
Yeah this guy's like the guy yesterday's orchestra okay would you play this and at these four things in a row and then when you're done with that you know.
What is that Henry thing poor Henry he retired very suddenly after we got that call on here that day from that Jack asked Mark what's his name takes forever to get that taste and smell.
How do you system what was his name Mark that's a Vincent all how quickly how quickly they forget I went to school with a couple of kids named David Bob Benson in candidate when the York in candidate what can't
me anybody care about that no in fact in the next few minutes I'm going to list the names of all the kids I went to high school with what's wrong with that bill Barlow.
What do I have a memory or what Marty Schneider I remember the ones that look good.
What about that one you were talking about who's that Jim Park why didn't good I mean he was your head of me.
Oh he didn't just look good I'm getting emotional just thinking about it right now.
What those are long long wasted years you know that's why you can't let any grass grow under your feet as you get older you can't waste any time that's what I'm telling you right now don't be saving it for a rainy day because you may wind up with the long drought.
5.6 remember that song trouser drought 5.6 705 60 pound 5.60 on the mobile one line remember what Bob Green says play in trouser trout.
Good old Bob Green I was thinking about him and she already have the day you know did they call and congratulate us on our great ratings no no did they call him the commiserate with us about that FCC fine.
No by the way if if if they'd have been a hell of a lot more the Cox people a hell of a lot more conscientious including Mike Disney and that whole bunch of dowelowness losers they had 10 years ago we could have avoided this crap again.
They really they were pretty weak their response was so freaking weak you find for playing boys want sex in the morning I mean when I stop and think about the stuff that the federal censorship commission is also iconic about it makes me realize we do live in a police state the word police the comedy police that's why I'm amazed that they even allowed this new movie dick to come out.
And the promos are great on MTV no less with all those kids watching and they're saying you're going to love dick.
How do you like that you like it I bet here's the four I know Justin does here's for Myers hello yeah Neil yes sir how close is the stadium issue coming over there Miami or is it even close to coming on the ballot to try no no I'm from Columbus and I think they have a hockey team is coming into the NHL that's right our old buddy.
Doug McLean is going to be your coach so good luck to you series of hard as good guy but a real hard as really the squad when when they came up they want public funding for the arena there yeah it went down big time I mean like a 6 to 1.
Oh great and how did they do it well the pro funding people put started campaign like two months before it ever came up to the ballot the realistic people just one guy and I forget it.
And then his name started the campaign about hey we don't have to subsidize this this can happen without public money that guy was only on the air or you only saw him for about a month before the ballot yeah and it went down 6 to 1 right and it was it wasn't like eight weeks later a group of investors there in Columbus and wealthy business men got the money together and they built the arena downtown and all that yeah you know Joe Robby didn't come to the public and say build me a stadium he didn't wait around he got his own group together.
And they got their own financing they built P.P. Park right now if it wasn't for Joe Robby there would be no more dolphins there never would have been the Marlins in the first place and if there wouldn't have been the Marlins there probably would have been the Panthers so if it wasn't for Joe Robby you took the vote by the horns and created his own financing there we have nothing here at all the idea that the public should subsidize stadiums and arenas this is mass insanity is what is this is an idea for crazy people right yeah well anyway I'm just one of those sport Myers those pickers I'm one of your faithful lifters I enjoy your show that I'm going to be a great guy.
All right thanks a lot pal. I have a great day of course he's in a hurry because he's paying for because we don't have a line because we're so goddamn cheap over here and too bad by the way Greg's a little under the weather again you know what's Greg's got a cold he's always sick this Greg you want to know what it is that causes that guilty conscience guilty conscience that's what come no seriously it's where's on your immune system.
Create a you know and also of course God punishing besides you know he works up in the morning here's the voice of the punishing him for being such a cheap prick.
5 6 7 0 5 60 are they fired up today no are they whipped up to a frenzy no they give a crap about anything today no that's our will make it a fumble our way through.
You know just one day seriously just one day I'd like to have that 800 line just out of curiosity because I know because we're always hearing people tell me that to try to hook up to the our website and they can't get through a lot of times there's so many people listening all over the world they're listening to this show they didn't know what they're doing.
They're not even rowered okay they're listening they got crap to say if I could just reach out my tentacles and make some kind of contact with a living and breathing people out there in a real world as opposed to this goddamn bastion of death you notice nobody cares about goddamn my hellendale about the button south nobody cares nobody's got anything to say about that this was a legendary place by the way the buttons out where the stripper is going to hook up with their rock star want to be boyfriends now yeah we're sunny Rosenberg going to get those laps.
Now huh. Get serious the button south oh they're gone anybody out of the age of 100 and that's why the old parts are taken over down here because everybody else they're in la la land they're all spending their lives.
I'm golf on TV.
6.9 share my fat pimply ass.
26 past 12 at 560 WQ I am you're in different station for the 90s and we're proud of it.
I got two sets of reds.
How young there's two young.
She wrote that in C now.
And she will find my mom.
And the bonus that if they don't weigh.
And the bonus that if they don't still.
Well, she thought all of them all.
And that can start with this one.
Turn it down.
Now she had this aside.
And 50 years later, she finds it.
And she's looking for some reason.
So she'll come down.
Now you can be talking to her.
But that's just calling me her.
Maybe because she's looking for some hope.
She's calling out.
And now you should say,
I will find my mom.
Never gonna tell her to go away.
Never gonna tell her to go away.
Yeah, she will find my mom.
Never gonna tell her to go away.
How young is two young?
31 at 560 WQM.
The Hank Goldberg Show from Schulis Day 2 at 2 o'clock.
Well, we can get back to the important stuff.
Sports, baby.
Open.
Open.
No, not back then.
560, 7.0, 560, pound, 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Delray B.
Chilla.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, yes.
Hey, how you doing, sir?
Okay.
Let's get here.
I just want to start out by saying, man, you're the greatest.
Tell it how it is.
I got a quick story real quick about the criminal justice system.
I don't know if you heard a story or not last week, it was on the news.
It's like a quick promo.
Apparently like three girls going out one night went into one of the girls,
went into a convenience store, right?
And she's in there for about five minutes so the two girls are getting worried.
And they go up to, you know, go inside and see what's going on.
And the door is locked.
And also in all the lights go off.
So, you know, they're getting real worried.
They call the police and the police ended up breaking in the back door.
And they see that the clerk inside, and he's got his head between the girls' legs, right?
And apparently they couldn't even prosecute the guy.
You believe it?
So bad, so weak, so tragic, so sad.
560-7-0560, prompt 560 on the mobile one line.
See what I'm saying about sit down in the comedy?
Oh God.
And this guy's walking around on the loose.
Here's our last call. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello.
How you doing, Neil? I'm a super long time.
Very desperate, desperate, questling my own reason for existence here today.
I'm a super, super long time listener back in Miami for the first time in about a year.
So, I'm recently moved.
And I just can't believe that one of the first things that I hear when I come back
is that they're trying to get another stadium off the ground.
I personally don't understand.
I was living here when they built the Miami arena,
and the Miami Heat Gras were in it from top to bottom saying,
we want sky boxes, we want this, we want that, we want this and that.
And right now it's a big pink hole that's about to be,
that they don't even know what to do with, they can pay off at that point,
and so on and so forth.
And now they want to stick it to Broward again.
I just don't know how many times I've already answered.
And the kind of leadership we get from our local newspapers,
always urging us to do things that make no sense
and that the overwhelming majority of people want no part of,
just like the Penny Sales Tax last week,
think I'll whip 68 to 32%.
And now the Sun Tent will try to give us a song and a dance about coming up with some formula
to give some of our tax money to this multi-billionaire
so we can build a new play toy.
Neal, you're absolutely right in the sense that,
look what Wayne Heisinga did,
he hangs in here for a few years,
he brings space all to.
Admittedly there are a number of fans here,
I'm not the biggest space ball fans,
I only went when I had free tickets,
but by the same token,
these people have more money than God,
as you'd like to say,
and there's no reason that anybody should pay one dime
to build them a stadium that they repull the benefits from.
I don't know what people get,
people live here for a long time with our baseball,
and look at the first thing they do,
they break down a championship team,
and then I'm sure pretty soon that Godmissed or Henry
is going to start saying,
well, we've got to move the team,
there's no fanfare.
Well, that's the scam,
that's the scam,
the path is, oh, they were moving the Nashville,
they were moving to Portland, Oregon.
I mean, we just can't make it into Miami-Rina.
All of a sudden,
lo and behold,
Broward County came up with this magical thing,
with this, you know,
the bed tax on the tourist,
and it came up with a way to finance this arena for him.
I would just say to George during the last break,
how did I, I've lived out there in West Broward for 10 years,
how did we ever survive out there in West Broward
without the Mac Arena?
How did we ever make it without that arena there, you know?
I think scratching my head and accident myself that question.
People have been sports,
unfortunately,
has gotten way, way, way too expensive for the average person.
I admittedly make a fairly good salary,
it was making a fairly decent one here in the Miami area,
when I was living here, I grew up here,
and I still found that I personally couldn't afford,
given my other budgetary concerns,
that I couldn't afford paying for season tickets,
but it's just insane how they want to build stadium after stadium.
They don't even know what to do with the ones that they've already built,
and then the first thing they do when the fans start to drop off,
which they should, I don't even know why,
one person goes to see the Marlin finally.
I haven't got any idea, I mean, those people have got to be the most,
thank you.
Those few thousand people who show off have got to be the most lifeless desparados
in the history of the human race.
I'd rather stay home and pick my nose for three hours,
than go to a Marlin game.
I get free tickets, I haven't gone in three years.
Oh, you know.
And by the way, most of them I can't give away to anybody.
Oh, and I, and, and rightfully so, there's just,
there's, there's no competition out there, number one,
but again, just the fact that these people have so many millions of people,
they're going to be $1,000, and there's no,
million, sir, billions with a B, billions.
Billion, I think, is looking for the taxpayers to build a new play toy.
Please tell them, you know, where they can stick that new stadium,
keep up the good work, and I do listen to you, by the way,
on the internet, I can, I get in, I tend to have no problems.
Okay, excellent. Thanks a lot, pal.
Take it. Just like today, you'll get in, you'll have no problems,
no waiting, one call on the board here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on the mobile.
See, I made a bad mistake by bringing up that thing with,
and every time I bring up about anything to do with a swing club,
right away, oh, it's like, like we just said,
somebody here's got leprosy.
You better turn off the radio, you're going to catch your leprosy through the speaker.
They don't want to talk about that. They don't understand it.
They were obviously frowning on it.
They must be. They must think it's a disgusting,
rotest, horrendous thing, and God forbid a school teacher ought to be there
doing anything, because it's not the only thing.
What ever happened to everybody minding their own God-damn business?
Whatever happened to that?
Here's a mobile-in-for-law to deal.
Okay, thank you for your brilliant call.
There's one of the Marlon fans offering up an interesting four-letter word that started with an F.
You know what's one I'm talking about?
He's open the F word.
Yeah, that one.
He goes to every Marlon game,
and therefore, because I don't agree with him, I can go F myself.
Thank you so much, sir, and give John Henry a big kiss right on the old rectum,
while you're at it.
Let me say it again, sir.
It must be real nice having all that elbow room out there at that ballpark.
10,000 people yesterday allege.
I guarantee you that they had four or five thousand.
It was a lot.
They were counting two and three times.
But for people like this, we got to spend our tax money,
so this guy can have a good time,
because that's his idea of having a good time,
is watching a bunch of 18-year-old kids pretending to be major league ball players.
And every time they get somebody who actually can play,
and the fans get attached to,
oh, he's gone.
Goodbye.
See ya.
I can go F myself,
because I'm not a Marlon's family.
I'm good.
Okay, I'm going to try to do it around Jeremy.
Maybe I'm double-jointed.
We'll find out.
That's the kind of attitude I love from the sports nerds.
I've talked to a lot of assholes over the years,
but this guy, he's right near the top.
Because here's an arrogant Jack Asuette's,
who has no life, who goes to every Marlon game.
No life whatsoever.
It's like going to a restaurant where they used to have a good chef once upon a time.
It was there for a few months.
The food was sensational.
The price was reasonable.
And then they fired the chef,
and they bring in some guy off the street,
some banana boat guy,
who's making slop.
And they raise the prices,
and raise the prices,
and the food gets worse and worse,
and this guy keeps going back.
And then they say,
oh, by the way,
we know it's a private business here.
It's a restaurant, not a library,
not something like that.
But we like the public to kick in,
so we can build a bigger and better restaurant.
We like the taxpayers to build us a new building.
And this guy would say,
oh, yeah, sure.
Just keep fishing me out that slop.
You're a pathetic pal.
You're a lifeless piece of walking turd on two legs.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil?
Yes.
Neil, I'm going to tell you something.
I've been down here for 45 years,
and I commend you.
You should get the silver star.
You're talking to these ignorant people in this town for this long.
And I, I should get it purple hard.
Listen, I'm telling you something.
I was listening to you coming back from Kindle,
a minute ago, I'm insurance rep.
And, you know,
it's all the grateful debt for 28 years.
And I don't listen to this show and let's hear on it.
And the last time they pulled upon you,
I put listening to God damn thing,
because these people got their heads so far in this sand,
and this hit little town,
which is trying to be a pretend big city
that it makes you want to pursue.
Every time I walk out the door.
World class city.
Every time I hear that, I don't know what the laugh are.
What it's funny is when you just talk about the minds.
You know, they're going to see somebody for the damn lines.
There would be lines wrapped around the place tomorrow.
But to get somebody to go watch a baseball game,
I mean, these people, they're not real fans, they're transients.
They don't live here.
They exist here.
And they're building here.
I should they be baseball fans,
or the kind of crap that they're putting out.
Like I said, I'm in the go.
If a restaurant starts serving up swaps,
why the hell should you go back for a second?
You got it, partner.
I'll tell you.
I'm in this place.
It's made me so sick in the last 20 years to watch what is done.
And I thought, you know, this guy, he keeps going on this radio station.
He keeps doing this job.
And why he does it?
I have no idea because most of the words that you're saying are fallen deaf ears.
These people are the rudest.
They're the most ignorant people.
I'm a native for videos.
I come from my born and poor devil in 1954.
I can say this about my town if I want.
But these people are the sucks.
Yeah, they're the heck.
They're just a hit count trying to be a big city.
They just can't do it.
And they've been trying to do it since what?
1908?
I don't know.
God.
I'd like to watch.
I'll pick the coin out.
I'm not going to the days off the counter.
Have a great day.
5.670560,
pound 5.60 on a mobile one.
It's like the thing with a pantheon when Wayne was threatening everybody.
Oh, they're going to move out of town, building the arena.
So we built them the arena.
Now it's a social club.
And they just about come close to filling it up.
Every home game.
Not because we have any hockey fans here.
You see as much as I'm a hockey fan, if we lost the Panthers here,
it's not going to change anything about this town.
If Toronto ever lost a hockey team,
it means something because it's part of the social fabric of the community.
It's been there forever.
And it means something to those people that care about it.
Montreal, places like that.
It doesn't mean anything here.
It's a place to go and schmooze and hang around and talk on your cell phone
to some vozo who's over four sections away.
That's what the Macarena's all about.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Daniel.
Okay, sir.
I want to talk about the Swinger thing.
Yeah.
And I guess you're going to myself.
I'm pretty prudent, I guess, uptight.
And I believe in monogamy.
But I could care less what those people do.
It's none of my damn business.
You know, it's a private club.
It's in their home.
Who cares?
They're right.
And I tell you what's sick and criminal is that tax money gets wasted to rate those places.
They're right.
Right.
And prosecute them.
How about if we had more people patrolling the streets instead of going into private clubs
and checking who's being naughty and nice inside there?
How about if we had more people in residential areas patrolling the streets and businesses so we didn't have people going to...
You know, this is one of the so many places in this country where you can't feel safe to walk the streets,
even the daytime on so many parts of this community.
But we got the luxury of having all these assholes running around raiding the swing clubs so Ken Jenny can be a big hero.
Yeah, the cops don't want to go someplace with them.
I'd actually have to do something.
Yeah.
You know, that forbid they keep drugs off the street.
You know, bad drugs or they prevent your home from getting broken into.
I think they just want to go into the piece of ass anyway.
Thanks, Neil.
Okay.
5.670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Neil, you were saying that there's nothing to watch on TV anymore.
I was wondering if you caught the documentary on the curse of the Blair Witch and the movie that has come out of it.
Now, why would I waste my time watching that crap?
You don't like it.
Let me say it again.
Why would I waste my time with that?
Watching a documentary on the making of a crappy movie.
A fake documentary on a fake movie.
I saw the documentary.
It was fake.
Yeah.
And so was the movie.
And so was everything about it.
In addition to which, by the way, the filmmaker has sued in case you read it.
Have somebody read you the newspaper today, okay?
The makers of the Blair Witch Project, the hit film that's supposedly frightening audiences, are facing the scare of their own litigation.
And Orlando Filmmaker has sued two of the film's five filmmakers claiming he was cheated out of producer or executive producer title in the film credits, etc.
And so on.
That's the most exciting part about that movie from what everybody tells me.
Oh, yeah.
Did I waste my time watching the documentary of the making of that movie?
No.
And here, stop and think about this.
I'm supposed to be watching a documentary about the making of a movie that I have no interest in seeing.
That makes a lot of sense, right?
Yeah.
Sounds good to me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
See, one thing about the American public, you know what they can't get enough of?
I mean, with big, big capital C.
Correct.
That's right.
All you got to do is open up a crap factory.
You'll be a billionaire by the end of the week.
I guarantee you that.
That's a no, if a no lose proposition.
You can pedal all of it you want.
And the public will just suck it up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Matthew, I knew how you doing today.
Okay, sir.
I want to ask you a question, Mary, can help me out.
How do we get involved in passing?
The law I like to see.
I like to see a law where any public servant or elected official that steals and devils or does anything against mandatory 10 years, 15 years, like they have for the drug.
And how would what's involved in having some law like that made or is it up to politicians to make it?
Get on your knees and pray.
I think that's my best existence, you sir.
We're going to start making laws on this show now.
That's right.
Let's start flexing our muscle.
We can't even get more than two or three calls at the same higher here at time here today.
We're just hanging on by a thread, by a bear thread, just basically keeping our existence going here on this station.
Hoping praying that we can make it to Labor Day, if that's when this ends.
And we're going to start changing the laws here on this show, baby.
5.670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Really nice hearing you, and I want to congratulate you on all your work you do.
As far as building a stadium, so this flound, I think if he tries that,
every politician that votes for that or encourages it, should be voted out, just outrageous.
And we pay taxes and they keep throwing it away.
Nobody gave me money to start a business or build a house or build a garage or anything.
Outrageous.
Outrageous.
Can you imagine any other business in the whole country where somebody comes along and says to the public,
I'm a private businessman, I want you to come in and subsidize my business, but before I even open up business,
I want you to build me a facility.
People would laugh them off the face of the earth.
They would know what it would laugh for cry.
That's right.
And besides that, Neil, I remember when Mr. Henry bought this team, just had been gutted by Heizinger.
And he's continuing the process, too, by the way.
That's right.
And he said it will not cost the penny.
I'm going to build a stadium myself now.
If you can't do it himself, he'll do it.
So more power to him.
Let him let him let him let him let up the was word for once.
Let him show his yacht and build a stadium.
Right. There you go.
Have a good day.
And back to you.
Yes, senior, 585,000 foot yacht and build your own goddamn play toy.
Okay.
And maybe somebody will show up if you put together a product that's worth supporting, but I doubt it.
Because nobody here cares about it.
See, this town can't, they can't handle the truth and the truth is,
let me say it again on your all sports station.
This isn't now.
Never is going to be a sports town.
It just isn't.
How the fusion doing, by the way.
How the madador is doing.
Yeah, how's that WNB18 going to be doing?
Isn't that yet?
It's not a sports town.
I mean, it's got all kinds of other problems.
It doesn't have to be a sports town.
Geneva, New York isn't a big sports town, but that doesn't make it all bad.
Okay.
But it's like trying to force feed something that people don't want.
They don't want it.
They don't care about it.
They don't know from it.
Call it something else.
Build a place and don't call it a state and call it a social center.
Like the Macarena.
Then they'll show up, make it into place that's nice and safe.
Not downtown Fort Lauderdale.
I hate to break the news to you.
Nobody wants to go to downtown Fort Lauderdale.
Or downtown anywhere down here.
And please don't confuse us with any other cities because nobody goes downtown here.
Not if they've valued their lives and especially at night.
Last time I checked baseball games, let's see, they're played in the summertime and mostly at night.
Am I right about that?
Uh-huh.
You know, the summertime one about 40% of the population bales out of here in a...
See, that's another thing.
There's nobody here.
It's a summer sport.
It's a guaranteed failure.
There's nobody here.
So does it make any sense for the public to invest more money into a facility so that during the summer months when nobody is here?
That it can be empty again.
Is that make any sense?
No.
The Pissons Sentinel makes all the sense in the world of them.
Let me say it again.
Call up the people of this Chicago Tribune, your parent company in Chicago, who own the Chicago Cubs.
There being nothing better.
They got this baseball background already.
Tell them we're going to build you a stadium, okay?
You make the Sun Sentinel the most popular newspaper in America overnight.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing today, sir?
Okay, sir.
Here's the question.
I'm a school and I'm majoring in marketing.
I was listening to a worst team this morning for some reason I was up early, which was a mistake, but...
I'm sorry.
Anyone who's going over out, they need to get to stadium or whatever.
In marketing, when you get a product and you're trying to sell it, you sell the best product possible product you have.
Right.
So they had a worst series team that won the worst series and nobody was really interested.
I mean, they went to the worst series because they were the worst series.
Right.
And there's probably all Indians who have any worse.
But anyways, you have a product, you have a team that won the worst series and then, you know, maybe with that team, you know, in this...
Sorry, I was not a living.
You can never stay near.
But now they have like a AAA team.
Any player that shows any flash of potential, they just trade away.
There's not one player on the team that's like, worthy of like playing high school baseball.
And they want us to give them like a 300 million dollar stadium.
When you look at downtown Miami, it's like a zoo.
I mean, you go up and down the streets, you see homeless people, you see kids in our schools, it's all messed up.
I mean, there's so much more things we can spend as money on.
And they expect to build another stadium than nobody's going to anywhere.
So it makes no sense.
One more question is this, Neil.
I was listening a couple months ago and you were talking about something that happened in baseball, coincidentally, which was like a...
Which of our stadium, which of our stadium, or a guy here, like a guy in like the...
On decks, I thought something.
Yeah, through the pitch I'm him and the head, right?
Well, where's the guy at?
I was trying to catch where you were talking about that day.
What do you mean where was he at?
I mean, what happened?
I saw something on ESP, but I didn't catch what had actually happened.
What happened was the guy through with the guy, he hit him in the head.
And the guys got all kinds of vision problems and recurring headaches.
And all is suing him.
And, you know, and then of course he was immediately drafted and paid a lot of money to sign.
I think it was the Cubs.
Some major league team signed him up because we don't care about stuff like that.
Ceasol of these.
Yeah, Ceasol's got.
Yeah, you jock supporters out there.
You're the ones that have created this and subsidized it and love it because you have no life.
That's what's important and you wonder, let me say it again.
My kids have the wrong values and they're all screwed up in this country.
So many of them.
See a scumbag, but win the game.
We got a win.
We got a win.
That's what it's all about.
Be the worst scumbag, low life, beat up your women.
We're still getting started about that.
Do you see who I am?
My heavy boy, hearted dead.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hours.
I'm queer and my ambition.
I'm a back who likes jing balls.
All right.
I'm here to become this mission.
It's that, but that's not all.
Are you ready to get the last one as it's the last?
It's the first time I've ever seen you.
You're the star of your life.
So let the third of six rounds out.
You're the star of your life.
I'm tied to the feet of a scumbag.
I'm tied to the feet of a scumbag.
I'm tied to the feet of a scumbag.
You're looking at me all day.
Listen to us.
You wanna talk to me about who I am?
I was a stud.
I'm a baldy actionist.
I like to wear a dress.
All right.
faites a bra douse.
Draw a line.
the pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
here's a mobile in weston hello
eight
deal yes sir
about three years ago
or however long ago the stadium was built
you couldn't say enough to get that stadium bill you were for it was
being built like that the arena that's a crack
you know well you thought it was the greatest thing that ever i said it was
from a self-established and plan was great because it was already going to be
built
but you can't get in addition to which it was built with the tourist of
the money to bettax not with taxpayers money
well still you know i mean i know not all of a sudden the macarena is a piece of
crap
and you know i say that i said that we could have very good
that it's a good idea to get into the same argument before and i could argue
with you about it because i know exactly what i said at the time and even
the couple of weeks ago if the panthers would have moved out of town i could
have packed in the sandwich okay life would have gone on i happen to be a hockey
fan i get free tickets i go to most of the games it's very convenient to my
house great but you don't have to change the
change my life
no sir i was a baseball fan i was a baseball fan long before most of the
johnny come lately in his town you wouldn't know hang power from johnny bar
okay you jackass
what you got in this town isn't baseball it's a joke
so this guy's going to get all ben out of shape because he's living in a
past and he's another one of those crowd crats crats and the old parts with
no life will probably schlepsoveter and goes and watches the swill
that they put out there i got news for a paler a lot of people like vanilla ice cream
too but the most interesting part of it is and this one i'm in a majority
because the overwhelming majority of the people here don't want any part of
your craft panther games we fill up almost every
game and even though the people made me there for social smoothing we fill up
just about every game pretty then close to it can you say the same for the marlin
no in fact your average marley average panther game
which the capacity is only about 19 000 some we got about 17 18 000 people they
have that many for the marlin's last night no
in fact it's a rare rare evening or afternoon when they have 18 or 19 000 people
for the marlin game in a stadium that holds about 40 000
so who the hell are you kidding i'll set it aside before i say it again we can live
real well somehow this town with all its other problems we should be dealing with
like crappy education crappy uh... road which we just had a whole big
sentence about we got a million other important things to worry about in this
guys worried about a baseball stadium yeah from a self-restained point i like
having a arena over there because at least i don't have to drive a half
out into a goddamn part of my name which isn't safe and i don't want to have
to shut up to but when i lose any sleep if they disappear tomorrow no couldn't
care less couldn't care less go to a hockey arena most of the
people in there like walking walking around
while the game is going on they're oblivious they don't understand the game
you listen to the conversation the people sitting around you and they're all
going to pop up crap so what's the big deal
it's not a hockey town we get pop out brewery here the most exciting player in
the world one of the most exciting guys who's ever played the game in history
and i come back from vacation last year and it's like uh...
yeah again like who you talk who's that what is that what are you talking
about
it would be like uh... nineteen twenty eight the year after bay breuth hit sixty
home runs it would be like uh... we get a major league baseball team here and
we get uh... they trade bay breuth to the uh... whatever team would have been
the florida dead fish
and people are called the big who's that what was that is that a candy bar
baby roothed
the mobile in koper city hello
uh... i need you yes sir
great
the i've been listed your topic today and i've got an idea that might fly i'd like
to use public money
to build more swing clubs
yeah there you are
that might work now you're talking
and you know i want to thank you to be a little busy to i'll guarantee that
thanks for turning me on the uh... the top green
it's the one show that my seven year old son and i can both
both
right
everybody got
late more and watch time group on green or not you're talking
now you're not going to have a great day pal
okay
and glad i'm looking for vice president
five six seven oh five sixty pound but
yeah but they were both overrear of our house i said the same thing then i'm
saying right now okay
that grizzled a little part that called a couple of calls ago with his lot of
screaming in yelling like this is something i can see into the world
i'll tell you what all you all farce that want to subsidize a baseball
state because you have no life go ahead
you pay the money
the rest of us we say collectively
no we're not paying no taxes to build a billion or god damn stadium so you
all farce can go there with your philosophy back and squeeze it a little bit
you know still we need
i got a still we need for you
and my old geriatric asshole for let me just top it off by saying this is
and to your such an expert on my life
i hate to break the news to you i watch more baseball last night then you
probably watch in the next two years
i'm the small dish i watched the couple of years of the blue jazz Yankee
game i watched part of the Cleveland Red Sox game which was a hell of a
game i watched a little bit of the early part of the toy Chicago game
when Justin Thompson got the snout kicked out of him again and lost his tenth
game i hate to break the news to you sir i was watching parts of about five
or six baseball games last night
but again most of them were games that have some significance other than the
white talks tigers game except Justin was pitching
most of them are games that have some significance and i hate to also break the
news to you but back when there were eight teams in each league not every
hicktown that had ten thousand people or more it's just that they had to have a
major league team which is why you got all these guys hitting 60 and 70 and
100 home runs now because it's little league baseball
with a strike zone the size of a postage stamp and that's why they had to do
this to try to pump up some interest again after the sport was dying after
the strike desperate to try to pump up some interest again
where these contrived home run races and all this other horse crab
because it's a shadow of what it used to be a shadow a tiny little shadow
about baseball used to be and i was a big baseball fan as a kid
did we have a major league team in Rochester no we had the Rochester Red
but did we have major league baseball there no i used to listen to the Yankee
games on a radio wow and a pirate games on a radio you can still be a
baseball fan doesn't mean you have to have a team
everywhere you live that's what's wrong with all our professional sports
ridiculous salaries out of control expansion in places where they can't sustain it
and proof of that the national hockey league which your event is destroying
peace by peace brick by brick puck by puck
Edmonton almost lost the franchise Winnipeg they're already moved to Phoenix
Ottawa even when there's success on the ice big big trouble they build a
goddamn arena up there 700 miles out of the goddamn city
big financial trouble
and all the Canadian and this is in Canada this is their national sport they
live it they eat it they drink it they breathe it and they got problems
and are begging a Canadian government to subsidize them give them some tax
breaks because they can't afford the punishment
that's why we have no more forum and no more maple leaf gardens and
have to build these new plastic facilities because we've got to have more
sky boxes and we've got to pay more and more millionaires
and use suckers out there have to keep paying through the nose to subsidize it
if you want to go see it where the hell does it stop when you get a brain
when you say they're they're just possibly invites something more important
in my life than going to see some kind of a sporting event
that's some ridiculous ass out and let me also say again I get my tickets
for free to the panthers if I had a pay like I used to the first couple of
things if I had a pay for season tickets would I go
no no no no no way no say not a chance I would go into maple leafs were
there because I have a life and death interest in them but other than that
would I go no no and it's like a few blocks
for my house I still wouldn't go because I'm not going to pay my hard and that
kind of money to see crap and that's what we've had the last two years
so what this guy's basically saying is the owners have got no obligation to
provide us with any kind of a headline like I said before like I wanted to
restaurant they put a bunch of slop on your table oh yeah this is great how much
can I give you for it if that's your mentality pal like I said why don't you at
least be honest and tell us you have no life
here's Del Ray B. Chilla. Yes sir. What's his about are they closing the
button south? History it's closing on September 1
oh man that's a shame because I'm I plan a ban locally
yeah to play the years ago it was the it was like the last real
a circuit rock and roll club to play it on yeah while it's history now the
Hall and Dale commissioners that said no more
that's that's it in shame because I'll tell you that's a sad another sad day for Florida
we played all the other ones rose but all the good ones they all closed down
numbers on the beach done it's it's really hard in this business tonner anyway can I tell you
this whole town you have 10 blocks of south beach with all those drug-induced plastic
steroid ridden jackasses down there that's all you've got the rest of this is a
a death place but for good original even even national tours they have played it but for good
original bands there's no where there's really unless you're playing crappy progressive music no
offense George but um let's your point it really just you know fag or art fag rock and you're not
going to do anything down here anyway can I tell you a little something I'm gonna talk about
Larry King yeah they have the little circuit on David Letterman and and sponsored by Larry King
supposedly they show picture them they go it looks like an owl then they show this owl
sucking up a rat nice oh it's too funny I love I never do it that yeah sure oh it's hilarious
and then he's just did out I saw him centering out live with um the guy does um
uh Wayne's world Mike Myers he was interviewing uh Marlon Brando and it was supposed to be
Larry King well Marlon Brando had him rubbing all of his all of his feet it's just
sucking up to him so hard he's still not cooking his toenails I was just it was just out of control now
I love it and oh they're just we need to look at him and you just actually see that thing with the
owl sucking up the rat how disgusting can I call somebody to you back go ahead pal um the tornado
and cranky and bastard do you okay okay and by the way lyrian how about that money you're
everybody down here i will i give it to you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line rolling along singing a song i'm a bastard i'm an oh good SOB
because i don't give a flying crap about the marlins i'm a building a stadium let me say it
again the sports nerds they need serious help and the rest of us we need protection from them
because if we're up to them we would have to open up our wall it's just to subsidize their
their fun and games they're nonsense here's Miami hello okay sir i just have to say that you're
doing a great job about these sports assholes i call you and say that oh if you know the
Mortensen your piece of crap and all that crap and um see ya okay great call here's a mobile
on e-alley hello hey Neil yes sir good afternoon when it's tardy i'd like to touch on a couple of
things that you brought up put your way okay isn't it strange how police officers kind of
sex with underage girls and uh call them out but yet somebody can go into a private club with
their own wife and have sex and it's a big deal i think that was my point a couple of hours ago
sir but nobody else seems to care about that they just they don't understand it all right should
I go on to the next one sure okay i was in fort mires and i had laughed a couple times and i've
listening to you on seven seventy and chop up your uh rejoins and they advertise a 305 number
that's probably why uh nobody calls you what do you mean well they advertise to a call 305 number to
get hold of you instead of an 800 number like you said they're good we don't have an 800 number what
are they gonna advertise there you know what i'm saying it's amazing we get any calls from over
there because the people while they're on hold and then while they're on here they have to pay
forth themselves right and as far as that jackass that just called up tried ripping you um i have a
motorcycle that i'm rebuilding and i want to put it in some shows and i i'm kind of low on some
mile that's right maybe this guy would like to send you some money let's give a p.o box number
and collect some money for this guy that's right i only need like five grand it's round that's not
bad that's not unreasonable i said let's put a referendum next uh when's day would be good when's
it right there's nobody in tell but i'll have an election in the past it we'll push your right
through for it i'd really appreciate that if you can start that campaign for me don't be
just do no problem and wane and john your bro claim and douchebag okay see him okay six hundred
open lines thirty nine minutes to go here those of you people out there that don't want to subsidize
that it will fart another guy that told me that i'm gonna i can go f myself because i hit this guy
goes to every marlin game well that's great hope you're getting a lot of good company out there sir
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight tnt wireless line here's a mobile in
pompano hello mobile in pompano hey me how are you okay sir i miss constate all right my first
year was in Brian hall you remember that i never heard of it i was in the brody group okay
hi any piece tall officer east jaw that was wrong we were jocks but we never got that far up
uh fact that reminds me i was a swimmer the movie was a diver and uh we used to swim in the nude
yeah practice which means nothing probably anyway i'm sorry go ahead i've done that
pompano park and they're carrying down the stalls you know what's going on what do you mean
they're carrying down some stalls the for the horses on pompano park and power line are coming down
in the same amount of glanick no they're not tearing all the stalls down yeah Neil let me let me
say again they're not tearing all the stalls down they may be doing some rebuilding somewhere but
they're certainly not tearing all the stalls down how can they continue to be racing if they
were tearing all the stalls down well they think some power line and some Atlantic all the riffs are
down and both of those are they're knocking them over you all have to check it out tonight thank you
okay okay well we had David Horro here yesterday but of course i kicked him out before we get any
such information not that he would have given me any information he just came in here to be
irritating nice job by the way david or just by showing up you were really irritating and i hope
not to see you there tonight by the way david just stayed a hell away five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in pompano hello what's up Neil how you
can't believe i am really so happy that there's a person like yourself out there that'll take
a stand for all these putzes down here in south florida thinking that they know what they're doing
when they don't even have a clue how can you possibly want to build another stadium are they
out of their mind they would have to be i have to leave it anybody who will support this i mean
the sun sent them we already know that they got their own agenda on the penny sales tax on casino
gambling anything that doesn't make any sense they're all for it so so just forget about them but
anybody else out there who's a taxpayer who lives in broward county like i do who wants to sub
the i somebody else's play toy for a billionaire they got to be crazy you know it's the best part
of this that guy should take a ride up ninety five a little bit north and lake worth and look
at about three hundred portables at lake worth high school maybe then you'll get a clue and see
how much we really need a stadium now see that you're you're missing the point nobody here care in fact
even in america in general forget about just down here nobody cares about education nobody cares
about their kid i mean that that's just lip service nobody cares about these things ninety percent
of the people they're interested in crap like i said before it's okay to think that way but to have
the the to call you up and tell you that you're wrong yeah that's right i'm a bad guy because i
don't want to build this old asshole a ball ballpark i can go sit there and eat his weeny well what
to i bet you i bet you were sixty years old or something that's nothing better to do
hundred and sixty yeah well deal for president okay thank you all right but probably lives in
hell and deal to probably sunny Rosenberg's boyfriend five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty i'll tell you one thing truth and packaging that outhouse gang that they've had in hell and
day all these years believe me they know their crap because they're full of it they're the experts
that's the one thing they know in hell and they'll yeah that's right because they're just have an
endless supply and they never stop spewing it out and i'd go and Tommy a community there was one guy
that fought the establishment of hell and ill and one and got mtb back on the keel can you imagine
the goal the hutzpah of those grizzle old disgusting farts deciding what's gonna be on there
because they don't want any programming that doesn't appeal to them how about the old fart network
that would do it for you the geriatric network the a arp network how does that sound how about
if we just had a bunch of dead people singing music let's bring woody valley back oh there you go
mtb for old farts yeah that's a good idea let's start by making a million with that
loren's wealth for a very comal he could be lying around the bed you know with the mic up who is
plus like sc tv mids miller he's dead follow the bouncing ball glint miller all the dead artists let's
bring him back for the old parts for south florida and tv for the old folks that's what we want
jerry veiled that's what you people need down here because you're a bunch of walking dead people
who don't want anybody else to have a good time that's the problem god forbid anybody should have a good time
here grizzled old disgusting miserable farts make me nauseous since the day i came here march first 1976
w-k-a-t talking to a bunch of dead people hello nil why you said you mean boy yeah god
where is ultimate
squirt squat
Like
Don't
I'm trying to repeat it
I'm taking away in the bottles
I'm trying to don't see me
When you're stuck inside your box
You're your reaper in a nut
You've got to make a urination
Grab a bottle and fly
I've got to be re-enabloated
Get you with a bottle of froncule Sunday
What else can I do?
I've got to be re-enabloated
Don't throw
Could this be a different group on road walls today?
We hope we pray
Wow
What 30-foot
Squirt, squirt
Okay, give that picture bottle already
Let's move on here
Come on, 132 at 560 WQIM
Let's take some of these 200 or 300 calls here to last half
How are we really building some serious momentum today?
No!
Here's a lady mobile in Miami
Hello
Hello
Yes, ma'am
Hi, I'm hoping you can play Prison Bitch
Uh-huh, okay
Let's go to Hollywood, hello
Newo
Yes, sir
I heard a real one about you
I heard that you know how okay good
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line
No, I don't kiss on the first date
Here's a mobile informeyers, hello
Hey, Neil
Yes, sir
You were talking about the other day about the Panthers on their preseason schedule
That they play the hurricane that dreams of
It's actually the upper blade, the reen in four mires
It is?
Yeah, they have two active ones
I'm going to play the bitch game to share against Pampen and Florida and the other blade, the reen
Well, how come in my schedule, which I have in my hand right now, unless I read it wrong the first time, which I seriously doubt
How come on the 14th it says Carolina at, um, well that's right, I fought my first Florida
The second one is Knoxville, Tennessee, Nashville
Right, Fort Myers
And also they're putting, not only we have that every blade, the reen, we got a USB L-VAC ball team coming here to play
Well, wait a minute, I don't understand it says preseason location key and then it's got Greensboro, North Carolina, Greenville, South Carolina
What is that all about?
I don't know, I just know that they're making a big hype of it over here that we get the lightning against
In Carolina and then we also get the Florida Panthers
Or you get the lightning over there
That should be pretty entertaining, not?
Yeah, well, it's those all more than the Marlins though
Yeah, that's true, good point
You guys caught the main impact
You'll have a lot of people in the Marlins at last night, yes sir
I'm at Dave and Mark, you guys are FedEx delivering, juice back
Okay, and have a great day, good luck to you, there you go, hockey and Fort Myers, baby
Hi!
5'6, 7'5, 60, pound 5'60, on the AT&T Rival Slime
Here's a mobile in Tavy, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
The gentleman called in before about the horse-thaw of the interned-down
Uh-huh, there is a Walmart Superstore shopping center going in there
Yeah
But that has nothing to do with the racing, I mean I'm sure they're rebuilding wherever I was doing it
All they did was move the horses to the south side, closer to the park
Right
They took all of those other north side
Well he made a sound in a semi-synister way like you know something was going to be disrupting the racing or was going by by
Nothing could be further from the truth
No, they just took all of this stuff from north of racetrack road all the way up to the power, or to, I guess that would be Atlantic
Yes
And that's going to be a shopping center there
Okay well thank god that's just what he needs another Walmart
Thanks for the good news
5'6, 7'5, 60, pound 5'60, on the AT&T
And maybe we'll even get another record to get a Walmart
If we don't have an record to our Walgreens on every street corner, we just aren't doing it
And by the way we can't afford to build an record to our Walgreens on every street corner
So maybe we can get you taxpayers out there to subsidize some people who would like to build their own goddamn pharmacy
Right on your street corner, huh? Come on let's cash in some chip in some cash for people who want to go into business
Let's have an election on it
Here's North Miami Beach, hello
No, here's an idea for our friend friend, Mr. Henry
You can invite all the fans on his yacht since that's about how many will fit
And they could divide how much since they want to go to the games to build a stadium
Why should the rest of us have to pay if we're not even going to go?
I won't, I will not do it, I won't pay, I'll go on strike
I mean if no one ever is ever going to go there, why should I get stuck for penny tax?
Right
And if you're not ever going to go there, and it's not something that really is important to the community
It's not something that lends itself to
It's not a private thing, it's not a public thing, it's a private thing
But you know, private business
All these people that are crying about it, I bet if they really had to put up their own money
Even if it was like, you know, what's the fan base?
10,000? Even if they were good, even when they worked at a team, the fan base was what?
18, 19,000 if they were lucky?
That's right
And how many millions of people are in the three county area?
It's well, eight million?
Come on
So that's what's the percentage of the people that give a crowd?
For about five million, yeah
It's the state of the Navy
It's a military, okay, I have a great day, sir
We got 600 million people down here and 599,999,000 and whatever, don't want to go
Just say, no, to John Henry, okay?
In spite of all this crap coming in from his boyfriend, now this hour you notice all his old farts and young farts?
That's right, attack me because of the fact that I don't want to spend my tax money to build you a new play toy
Well, stick it up your ass
5,670560, 0560 on the 18T wireless line
Here's Miami, hello
Me or my queen?
Yes
I have a straight
Okay, great
Here's Dural, hello
Hello, Neil
Hey, I want to thank the four-large Dural police department for doing such a great job in protecting us from these swing clubs
I've been, I've personally been over the playtals, doesn't cause any...
You've been over it, played over it, what you've been over, right?
Sorry, you said you've been over it, no, I did that
I didn't see that to be any threat to the community
And I just watched my opinions as far as these guys don't want to put themselves in any precarious positions
as far as denturing their lives and doing some real police work
And what way did it take DG to go into a swing place and arrest these people for absolutely nothing?
Yeah, well I guess they don't want that stuff going on because it's bad for business that their prostitution brings, you know?
Yeah, I know, I imagine this
It doesn't make sense and as far as the sportsman, people need to get lives around here
Right
Because, you know, listening to the sports show in the morning, you think that it's something serious that's on you
Yeah, the word is important, you would think that it was something important, that's the part that nauseates
I realized that you know it's a sports station and we have to make Greg Reed feel good about himself
and feed his ego and feed Wayne's pocket and John Henry's pocket
And we have to try to justify the fact that they talk swill on this station 20 hours a day
So they have to make it seem much more important than it is
But the idea that there really are people out there who believe that this stuff is important in the scheme of life
I mean that's pathetic
It's almost as sad as 7% of the public watching a golf tournament and prime time on Monday night
Yeah, you're right
All right, Neil, have a good one
Seven point percent, a 7% 12 share
That means one out of every eight people or one out of every eight and a half people
Especially the extra half
We're watching that swill
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
I mean I can't imagine
I cannot imagine, believe me, this is the most boring place in the world in the summertime
But I can't imagine being so bored that I would watch a golf tournament
At any time of the day, but especially in the evening sitting there in my living room
With my diet sold in my hand
And my little dog hyperventilating because it's thundering and lightning outside
Sitting there watching a goddamn golf tournament
God
Time to put up the old exit sign as an exit from the human race
So, where's the Davey Gravy line?
Listen to me, this is stand by and steam for sofa king
You understand?
Where everything is held to the high sofa king's standards
The selection isn't just huge, it's sofa king huge
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else
And sofa king's price is not just low, they're sofa king low
You'll never find them anywhere else
Listen to me, when I say sofa king as a beautiful store
I mean sofa king beautiful
When I say that is stand by is helpful
I mean sofa king helpful, listen to me
Get to know the sofa king and enjoy a selection of sofa king huge
A staff that sofa king curd is
And price is that a sofa king low
You'll never shop anywhere else
But don't take it from me, take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein
So, fucking good
You set a fronky sofa king good
Hey man, 144.560 WQM the Hank Goldberg show from Shulestay 2 at 2 o'clock
I've got that Marlon's house where I come up starting with Donnie B at 6
And then you know the rest, fillies in Marlon
How sad
Here's a mobile in the Gables, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
You know, I disagree with you
Big time on this Tony Martin thing, I can't believe you said that
About what?
No, wait a minute, you don't know what I'm saying
How about letting me finish what I'm saying
Before you start pulling it apart
I don't know the details anymore than you do, I don't know what he did
I mean if he really is guilty of everything they say, he's going to have to pay for it
But I'm not going to prejudge him, all I said was I hope I'm hoping for the best form
Because he never saw a freight train
But you know very well, you were
Or anybody writes out a check
Somebody pays us back with money like that
And we're charged with laundering
We'd be slapped down so hard, okay
Now just because Jimmy Johnson and a whole bunch of football players
And this guy said, Jack comes in
Yeah
You know, it's like, Paul, poor Tony Martin, yes, okay
How about all the guys like Cecil Collins and Lawrence Phillips
And all these guys who have committed serious crimes
Well you know what?
Against other people
Well you know, I can't speak to that but Tony Garthelstrobery
And Ananon, let's go
The list is longer than your arm
I don't support any of this
But I can't believe that you are like
You know what?
What would you like me to say?
I hope that Tony Martin gets nailed
I said I'm hoping for him for the best form
Johnson Hill
No, that's the thing
You're saying that, I don't hope you're Johnson Hill
No, I hope he doesn't run hell either, okay
But the thing is this, you know, okay, it was a nonviolent crime
But the thing is, is these jocks, by and large, they get away with stuff
Nope, no questions about it, that's right
And I mean, when I heard you say that, I said, I almost drove off the road
Why?
Is speaking out of the other side of us now?
No, I'm not, I said what I'm hoping for
I don't, I see, I don't try like a lot of people do
I don't try people on the air, you know
That's why they have the system
And that's why he's having a trial right now
We don't try people on the air
These people are hauled up before Johnson
Right, charges are brought
We all try them on the air
No, we don't, I don't try it
I never play that game
I don't do that
Doesn't he have a right like anybody else to his day in court to be heard?
Of course he does
But the thing is, I think his day in court is going to be a whole lot different than if it was your day in court
Your just day in court
There's no question about that
There's no question about that
First of all, to write checks like that
But you know, he has, that's why he's got all the more reason to write them
Right, yeah, that's needed
But the thing is, for the rest of us, there's the jocks and the outside
You know, it used to be the upper class and then everybody else
Now it's the jocks and everybody else
You know, I had to vent, okay?
Okay, prize dance
Yeah, yeah
I'm hoping for the best for him, okay?
I take it back, I hope they fry him
I hope they put him in the electric chair, now the scale feel better
I don't know, in fact quite frankly, I don't have the time
I wouldn't invest the time of the energy to read all the details
And find out everything about the guy and the associations with this guy
And you know, what he did was he aware of what he was doing, etc. and so on
Or was he just as stupid as they say he is
And quite frankly, I've heard him speak
He don't sound as stupid as they say he is
5, 6, 6, 7, 8, so excuse me for expressing it on his opinion
Because that's the way I feel about it, alright?
Excuse me
Here's a mobile and tamerack, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes, did you see the new Britney Spears video?
No, I did not
Well, I had this thing on making of a video last night on MTV
Yeah
Major bone of material
Unbelievable
It makes the others' way
I did see a little bit of that, it was a couple weeks ago
I saw just the previews of that, I guess the teens so to speak
What a belly, listen, I know how to get rid of these old thoughts
What you got to do is you know, these places like Sents, Emmett, Harry Village, where they have the...
Oh, what a...
You know what I mean?
You got the people in, you lock them so they can't get out, you lock the doors in the back
And you show them nothing but Oz and the real world
That will knock out half the population of Florida
Okay
I want to just tell you a story what happened to me at the gym this guy
93 years old
Oy
Oy, the guy just died
And I said to somebody, you know, the guy was 93, he lived a good life
They come back to me and other, oh, they say the day gets so much for lifu...
What did the guy have to lifu?
Go with that a hot talk to every day
I'm a chronic, I have no life in a matter of material
Okay, thanks for the good news, okay, yet so much to live for
Oy
5, 6, so what is all that?
Is that food?
I sure hope not because I'm going to get rid of this
You don't want to have a return to entity
For me and Joe
Freedos?
I don't even like that
All of the plans are different, but...
You're going to have to assume that you have a meeting
Do you shape like Jeff Gordon's...
P-Bar
You're shaped like Jeff Gordon's penis?
Round and short?
