Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami 4 Flutterdale presents the Neil Rogers
Yachter Talked to Neil called 560 560 toll free for native
power and down 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil is yes, allers are anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Head Marliner on 4th radio.
Oh!
WQAM!
Yeah!
Swinging on.
All right.
When the Nazis reign they reign before half-view panning.
Yes.
Now the KKK has good days because of your parents.
And if you are yellow for purple or god for this brown you'll be like no
solidy hanging upside-down.
You can lock and roll your gun with half-empower.
But if you want to kill those lights step into the showers and that's your
precincts that gas and your right suspect.
Are you glad that you voted for pack today?
Half-view panning.
And I was good 560 WQAM on a very strange Wednesday.
Must be chronic Wednesday based on last few minutes I heard they're in the worst
team must be all chronicers.
That what it is.
Evidently.
So, Suzanne Smith and point and beat sense of me and I asked for guess what's
Suzanne and I want to nip this in the bug because I don't want to waste any time
here today with these people crawling.
Oh, Neo to see that front line thing on PBS about the Russian mafia and the
Asian hockey league and Papa.
No, I did not see it because it was on CBC like two years ago and it's an
old rehash and it's very old news and it's much you do about nothing.
And it's quite about PFO is going on about this morning.
Much you do about nothing.
But thank you Suzanne.
Thank you for the facts.
Now they're going to be people wanting to talk about that and I don't want to
talk about it because it's a bunch of crap.
It's a bunch of stale old news.
You know like Mussolini's got a headache stuff like that.
Well, I guess Wilta still won't have a and when they called him,
Wilta still, I never really understood for sure what that meant.
Now I think we know for sure he won't have no more headaches.
Sex claims spurred last in the stain.
Wilta is dead at 63.
The claim was shocking.
Wilta said he had sex with 20,000 women.
The revelation made him fodder for comedians and turned the hall of fame or into a reference
for a sexual braggadocio.
Maybe we'll find out today which guy in this audience has had sex with most women.
What would be a believable number?
Not in the thousand certainly.
Two, three dozen this week.
In his 1991 biography of you from above and he did mean above as in looking down there,
looking down below.
Chamberlain, oh, on your seven, one, everybody is underneath you.
Chamberlain devoted an entire chapter to sex.
He said that if he had a counter sexual encounters, he'd be closing it on 20,000 women.
Yes, that's correct.
20,000 different ladies he wrote.
Not the same woman like over and over again because you know,
Variety be the spice alive.
20,000 different bitches.
Wonder if any of them are like co-chorus.
How about you, he didn't have to do co-chorus, you know, I'm saying OJ?
Anyway, at my age that equals up to having sex with 1.2 women a day every day since I was 15.
Where do you have sex with that point two of a woman, huh?
I sure hope not an error.
Correct him.
God.
The reaction was swift and severe.
Chamberlain jokes abounded.
They also became a lightning rod.
For those who have sex with 20,000 women, you must have a lightning rod.
For those disgusted by his promiscuity.
Arthur Asheville, people harshly criticized Chamberlain and magic Johnson,
the former Lakers star who announced that he had contracted the AIDS virus months after Chamberlain's
revelation.
In his 1993 memoir, Ashe said he didn't believe Chamberlain's claim.
I felt more pity than sorrow for Willis as much of accounting back for her down in the form of
a wave of public criticism.
But you know what, I don't think he cared about the public criticism.
Do you?
No.
No, he didn't.
He just figured about getting laid.
He was having a good time.
See, I don't like goody-two shoes, you know?
I don't like that.
I just can't stand goody-two shoes.
If he had sex with 40,000 women, that's his business.
And if he had big enough balls to brag about it, what's wrong with that?
I guarantee there was probably a lot more truth to that than a lot of you guys out there,
especially these locker room types that are always bragging about how much they're getting laid,
who haven't gotten laid, maybe ever, in fact.
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, you know the types.
Oh yeah, I did this one.
I did.
Of course, they're not doing anybody except maybe themselves, maybe if they can find it.
So Wilk the Stilt is dead and of course we'll find out today if we got anybody in the
audience can measure up to him.
Of course, he was 7'1".
He was a very grotesque looking guy.
There's no question about that.
As most seven, at very few 7'2 guys who are good looking, let's face it.
He was especially, I mean, imposing gruesome looking guy.
But when you're 7'1, can you just imagine what he was dragging around?
Here's Carl Spring, hello.
Good morning Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
You just reminded me of that scene in young Falkenstein where she, uh, Terry Garfield,
he must have had a large bunch of muckin' doors.
Right, something like that, yeah.
So I have a just a couple of quick points and I'll let you go.
I don't, because I don't want to ruin the first call of the day.
But vanilla ice cream, what's your, what, what are you like vanilla?
And I'll get to Wilk.
I like vanilla.
I like to revolve up.
I even like Kate Winslet.
Yeah, well you have crappy taste, what can I say?
I don't know.
You're like, not everybody can have good taste.
I know, I know.
Um, I think if you divide Wilk three bounds by the number of women he slept with,
you can probably accumulate a good IQ in that sense.
Okay, thank you.
You're welcome.
And maybe maybe, uh, the trellis on a shopping spree.
Probably.
That's dillards with, uh, with Warwick.
Or Peter Warwick, I'm sorry.
I can't, I keep confusing Warwick done and Peter Warwick,
because like I said the other day,
and I'm the only one that pays any attention to these things.
Don't you find it a little bit strange that the same college,
the same university,
simultaneously, they both did play together at the same time.
Until Warwick done the, uh, moving on to the pros.
But, uh, I mean, what is that?
All they need to do is have dnwarwick come and sing the national anthem at their games now.
So maybe that's where spree was.
He was on a shopping spree at dillards with those, uh,
other boys with those other shows.
Had some ugly stuff there in Montreal last night.
It wasn't bad enough that the game was so bad.
Oh god, that was a horrendous game.
But, uh,
Pavel Burry with a groin.
Scott Melon be with a scary, scary smash into the boards right at the, uh,
was siren there at the end of the game with a concussion.
I think seldom as any team won a game in the history of their franchise.
And the head of the, is costly.
Is that when was for the pranthers last night?
That was gruesome to watch.
Of course, I get a little problem with ruts in the ice.
How long have I been talking about that?
I've been screaming about that and nobody seems to care.
And the season's not even two weeks old this year.
Already you got all these guys getting suspended for beating the crap out of each other.
Sparing and slashing and, uh, just all kinds of unconscionable,
unacceptable crap.
And you got all these guys getting injured already because the ice is so bad.
That's why Burry went down.
I mean, uh, you know, maybe people don't want to tell you that.
There was a run in the ice.
That happened here last year.
The first game that he played here.
Felt on a couple of times.
You see it here all the time.
Bad ice all over the league.
Does Gary Betman care?
Nobody in the league care?
No.
No, it's only these guys livelihoods.
And the same thing happened to Melon be there at the end.
Rutt in the ice.
Boom down.
He went, spin around or right with a head into the boards.
It looked really scary.
Just laid there, laid there for like an interminable time.
Took him to the hospital in Montreal last night.
1215.
He walked out.
He's got a concussion.
Thank God.
Nothing worse than that.
But a horrendous grotesque scene to have to watch there last night.
And the game wasn't too great either.
Horrendous.
We'll take the two points.
Thank you.
But not too, uh, pretty.
Eight minutes after 10.
We got more OJ stuff today.
Oh, never ends.
It just never ends.
It never be ended.
And then we got Mayor Pinguas all over the place.
Nice going, CBS.
They'd Mayor Orders, Polis,
Descrap spare guns.
How do you like that?
Yeah, he got's how it is guns down by CBS.
That Mayor Pinguas man.
He's an asshole.
Something you're looking at him and you know what he looks like?
He looks like a stupid little twerp.
Idiotic.
Yeah, that too.
And you know what?
He looks like it because that's what he is.
He's a little punky, stupid idiotic jerk.
That's what he is.
A little wise guy, a little dummy.
Yeah, a little piece of crap.
Most of us have had more meaningful stuff come out of our
rectum in our lives than him.
I would even dignify him by calling him a turd.
That would be an insult to turds all over the world.
That's what Jason said.
You know, anal Jason, that's either busy dropping him or just
I facsimly thereof.
What is his story, by the way?
Why is he so anal?
Oh, that's right.
I forgot he's a sports nerd.
Jewish sports nerd.
Kind of like what's his name?
Claret?
No, no.
Oh, by the way, Claret stops sucking hanks ass so much.
Will your Claret Jesus Christ?
You know, and Hank yesterday, what happened?
Hank, he's one day he's like rational.
The next day he's regressing.
Just when I think he's on the right road to recovery,
he's back sucking Eddie Pope's ass again yesterday.
Oh, Hank, come on.
What a disgusting thought that is.
Eddie, the Pope rhymes with dope,
has written anything coherent in a hundred years.
Even mentioned Eddie Pope, but everybody in town will laugh their ass off.
And Hank was just had his head all the way in there yesterday.
So I sure hope that the stuff he got off Jimmy
doesn't rub off inside of Eddie Pope.
Oh, that was terrible.
But anyway, you know, you're entitled a little bad opinion every now and then.
You'll write your thoughts on a business trip in the middle of
and I pulled into a giner with a
so I could call the boys back up.
But first I decided to get something.
I ordered them.
But frankly, it was a little underdone.
After a couple of minutes, I started to
and I had to make a straight for the
I proceeded to my guts out.
And when I came back out, I felt so bad that I decided to
my doctor.
So I over to the
picked up the and call the
operator.
I gave her my doctor's number and she told me I'd have to deposit big
so I told her I was out of change and that this was a medical
well, she just
oh and then she
on me after I got out of the hospital.
I canceled my
card bought a big and went down to the phone company to
her brains out.
Look, I may be
but nobody's going to make it out of me.
1015 at 560 WQM Hanklebeyond and 2
we got 6 o'clock to boost your
Panthers at Toronto to play those may believe 7 o'clock tonight.
So the OJ saga continues now there's
you know and of course everybody else is a liar.
It's kind of like around here.
Everybody else is a liar except for
calls up 911 calls the police.
They're playing the transcripts on every goddamn channel.
It's ever been invented and something that aren't on the area yet.
They got it right there on tape but all it was a misunderstanding
and he never said it was her.
It was some other girl and he never said it was Pedro Guerrero.
That was also misunderstanding and etc and so on.
Jesus Christ talk about a bunch of neurotic crap.
Just what we needed here in South Florida was more neurotic crap.
Now the mom and of course you remember the blonde the
Nicole look alike that the one in between between when he murdered Nicole and
then this one.
The blonde they was hanging out with that he supposedly was going off to the
Bahamas to their love nest and then their parents said
she said uh wait I don't think so goodbye.
And they kept talking about drugs and all the coke.
How come that coke thing keeps sticking its ugly white nose into what everywhere he goes
or is it the other way around.
He keeps sticking its and itself into his nose everywhere it goes.
Yeah.
Mama of OJ's girlfriend I hope they break up.
He should only croak I think is what she means.
The mother of OJ Simpson's girlfriend Christy Prody said her
daughter has been trying to break off the romance and even move to South
Florida for a new life but the former football star keeps pursuing her
is the word pursuing or maybe stalking.
She told me they weren't seeing each other but she still talks to him so that
means he can still get to her and visit her.
Kathy Belmore said on Tuesday from Reminiapolis home I hope they break up.
On Sunday Simpson and Prody argued in the west kennet her west kennel townhouse
Simpson called 911 seeking help saying Prody was high on drugs.
Prody 26 it works in the skincare business move to South Florida from Los Angeles
couple months ago and Simpson 52 is the size of California is a frequent visitor to her least
unit. He's bringing her unit his unit to her unit.
On Tuesday they were both explaining away the fight and
please for help saying it all been a big misunderstanding.
Right Simpson who flew back to Los Angeles told KABC television the incident had nothing
to do with me my girlfriend and Prody echoed that outside her time I was saying
the woman Simpson to describe as being loaded out of her mind was not her
but a mutual female friend somebody else I had nothing to do with it.
But but the Mimee did county officer responded to the
servant's call on Tuesday said read my report it's all there read my lips.
In the report officer Alan de Hazus quote Simpson naming Prody and ledging she is the one
with the drug problem. Prody's mother has done the same thing in several tabloid TV shows.
She said the football star acquitted of the murder of ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend
is a bad influence on her daughter. Prody met Simpson almost three years ago while she worked as a
cocktail waitress. I remember Frato he was banging cocktail waitresses to at a time.
Customers couldn't even get a drink. She didn't use to do drugs until they started
hanging around together Bellmore said how do you like that? Yeah do we believe that?
I don't know maybe she just had a little nose problem I have no idea.
See George has got this thing about coke horse crack horse. I don't have a thing about him.
I just know about him. Oh well that's what I'm talking about. You probably do some
most of them. That alleged drug use that does make a difference.
Probably some people around the building have some connections. Maybe they even have
Pedro Guerrero's home phone number. That alleged drug use is what brought Miami-Dade police to the
townhouse on Sunday night. A minute earlier Simpson called 911 complaining that his girlfriend
was out of the influence at center and so on. And then of course not about the Hazus gave the
domestic violence brochure and left with his partner. He said I got the impression he was
going to look for Prody. Then the other article, the other article, even better.
This is great. Two police officers arrived at the townhouse and found only Simpson there and
their report they wrote. Mr. Simpson advised that he and his girlfriend Ms. Prody were having
a verbal dispute. Mr. Simpson further advised that Ms. Prody was under the influence of an
unknown substance. Mr. Simpson then advised Ms. Prody that he was going to take her to the hospital
for treatment. At this time Ms. Prody told Mr. Simpson that he was going to call police if he didn't
leave. How do you like that? She was going to call the police if he didn't leave. Isn't the
starting to sound awfully familiar again? Oh, man. I'm concerned from Ms. Prody's safety. Mr. Simpson
called 911. Ms. Prody then fled the scene in an unknown direction in the listed vehicle A
White 1997 Ford. A White 1997 Ford Mustang convertible. Damn it. Wouldn't that have been perfect
if it were a White Ford Bronco? Oh my God. We'd have been wet in our pants right now.
A White Mustang convertible with California tags parked in front of Prody's townhouse was Monday.
Monday was at least in her name in 1997 record show. The officers gave Simpson a domestic violence
brochure and then left. And now they're both saying all we had nothing to do with that. It was
somebody else and we don't know no Pedro Guerrero and etc. So we don't know no Godfather.
He was once in the olive oil business with some crack hole but other than that he don't know God
no Godfather and that's the end of that. Lies and bullcrap and just psychosis coming right here to
your town boys and girls just what we needed was another crazy person. Stay here. That's just what we
needed. Just go away. Oh man. That's what we say. Don't go away man. Just go away. Oh man.
Just take all your crack holes and all your bullcrap and all your threads and 911 calls. Just take
it someplace else. And the best part of it is the channel for interviews that they were they interviewed
her. So they got some other friend. He was either Haitian or like some I don't know some Caribbean
jungle guy. They got him on there and he comes up with this story about oh no it was all
big misunderstanding with some other girl that they were concerned about and they didn't know what to
do with her because they were so terrified she was all messed up on drugs and so they called
OJ and LA and he flew down here to take care of the problem. Yeah well you know it's only you know
you make your reservation you hop on the plane. So they want seven hours by the time you get to the
airport you get to if you're assuming you get a flight right away and a five hour flight and you
get down here and you know how fast you can run through that that hurts counter to get to renaissance.
Does anybody believe that story? No of course not.
More crazy crazy crap all circling around oh man our good best buddy of Roy some of the other
people in this building and they can't figure out why we just you know see I don't like scumbags
even assuming he didn't murder those two people which we know for sure he did but even assuming
he didn't he still a scumbag he's the lowest form of subhuman scum we don't want anything to do
with him we don't want in here we have enough scumb here already you could put the chicken fat
in your refrigerator uncovered overnight and never be able to scrape off enough scumb like you
got here already so the last thing we need here is more scumb. Speaking of the mayor by the way
Cuban band faces battle over encore oh that's right they're not going to just sit back and take
this real easy citing concerns over pubic safety local officials said Tuesday they were
exploring ways to block a promised return engagement by Cuban dance band low spam band who
saturday in a concert at the Miami arena prompted some Cuban exiles demonstrating outside to
hurl slurs and bottles of concert goers. Miami did mayor Alex Pinga said he was drafting a letter
to the White House on the US State Department asking officials to deny visas that would allow the
band to return to the US take away their visa domestic card and their god damn discover card how
do you like that uh-huh but state department officials said public safety concerns based on
recent protests are not grounds for denying those band band visas as long as promoters obey federal
rules limiting the money the band receives the travel expenses in a small per diem separately
Miami city attorney Alandro Vela Rello whatever the hell is named is De La Reo began exploring
other threats of physical harm to concert goers and demonstrators could prompt the city to seek
a quarter order to block a return performance by lowest band band and pedals now wait till you
hear this i mean do you talk about a slap in the face this guy must take were all as dumb as he is
this mayor Pinga that's why he put that penny sales tax out of balance he thought you people were
just as stupid as he is mayor Pinga says he thinks Castro sympathizers and agents were posing
as demonstrators outside saturday's concert to edge egg on the crowd he's got egg on his push
for saying something like that because all those other good upstanding Cubans we know they would
never do anything like that it's all a communist plot that's right and he said they would do so
again if the band is there in December these same comedy a pinko sympathizers and the crappest
servers be out there again hurling rocks and bottles and it goes his good constituents they don't
do crap like that god this is a crazy person this is a person who belongs in a goddamn rubber room
it is my obligation is mayor to protect the safety and welfare of people in this community
you said los band band came they had their day and their rights of the concert course were
protected yadda yadda yadda et cetera and so on in the concert they lost all that money why the
whole thing come back oh handy and by the way did he oh handy and said she lost 50 grand on
Saturday but expect to show profits from the second concert and you know something we don't care
that's her problem the focus on public safety by local officials stems from recognition that the
first amendment how do you like that grudging recognition that the first amendment makes it virtually
impossible for government to stop los band band from performing so they have to come up with some
of their cockamama excuse like they really care about the welfare and the safety of the public
just like they cared about the welfare and safety of the public like if people were going to like
be dying and have to go by ambulance to the hospital over on the causeway a few months ago when
the same crazy people or people of their ilk were blocking the goddamn roads because they were
pissed off at the coast guard you're care about the safety and the welfare of the public you lying
sack a crap who the hell are you kidding man what a jackass what a disgrace
and speaking of jackasses commissioner Tomas regalato tried it and failed on Tuesday
get the city commission to approve a resolution ordering the municipal officials to prevent another
concert by the band which would have been pointless anyway as Howard Simon the executive director
of the ACL you points out he says the suit by the city would be stupid and endless and absolutely a
losing lawsuit they haven't got a god damn total stand on right as well bringing peg-leg
baits they're concerned about the safety and the welfare of this community so a bunch of
his constituents want to go out there and block off the goddamn roads and create a goddamn hazard
and prevent ambulances and other emergency vehicles from getting from point a to point b then they
got nothing to say about that then it's okay and they understand it they're they're sympathizing
with them and holding their goddamn hand the same people are so concerned about the only thing
they're concerned about is pandering again to these anti-communist the crazy people that's all
you care about they are penga you're not fooling anybody and we saw that election on July 27 we
saw just how many people you're fooling I've seen more people in a goddamn telephone booth than the
number of people you're fooling you asshole you idiot you scumbag you maybe oh Jake can start
dating the mayor I think that would be a good match maybe then they can both take a powder
so long but buddy do it hard time coming to a theater near you after watching this film you won't
be able to sit for a week 1032 and 560 w to come now you notice right at the beginning I said
don't waste my time with this frontline PBS crap about the Russian Namapia hockey but it's an old
story okay it's old it's much into about nothing it's a much of bull crap okay and yes there were
attempts to extort money from players year this is goes back years now it's an old story from
two years ago on cbc that those of us who really followed the game know something about it know
all about it's much into about nothing it's like yesterday's god damn a halva and here's a guy
wasting facts bear how many trees did they have to chop down to make to make the paper that this
guy's wasting now facts in the all this crap from the internet about this which is all going right
in a waste basket right now in which I have no interest I've already seen it when it was on the
cbc the first time I didn't watch it the second time and I sure as hell didn't watch it on
frontline on pbs last night so stop wasting our facts paper you idiot you boy this town is
unbelievable wait till I find out president Lincoln's got a headache man then you're really
going to see some psychosis here's Miami hello Miami okay nice talking to you 31 minutes
by the way line four was lit there but I have a feeling yeah oh wait a minute there's a work
that's a good sound oh that's a good sound it might actually work it happens working and line seven
would that be something because the in-house phones are working today and maybe all the
call in lines are working today wouldn't that be something here's cruel springs hello oh jesus
trying to keep his cocoa off and be killed by Russian mafia yeah that's it and the cold was killed
by Russian okay thank you here's for a lottery all hello yeah how you doing okay I got a
couple comments first you know I hope oj gets gets I know you left I hope he stays the hell out of
here but I'm telling you I know the media is loving it that he's down here especially channel seven
with rick's channel four channel four they're trying to outdo each other well yeah I heard
rick jio intensive yeah I mean they they they when they bring you know in the one five o'clock
comes they give you the top stories are gonna cover and one of them was that oj man and nine one
one call rick's chances is so happy you can see it I just thought it's ridiculous and you notice
how they all got this new thing now oh exclusively only on four really on seven who gives the
craft sign to a stop trying to oppress us with the fact that you've got this smartly garbage excuse
for news on a year well yeah and another thing I want to talk to you well I had a had a pretty
simple but accurate method of counting how many chicks I'd thank in college yeah we had a
Mima roommate had a we had a huge corona bottle that was like a piggy bank an oversized piggy bank
we put a coin in there the next day every time we were dumb dangling bang and a chick so idea I
must for my fourth year of college I counted up at about two sixty he had about two twenty so I
don't know how to give her take a couple around two sixty two seventy from my four-year career
in college not bad no will chamberland but you're you got a long way to go well now I got to go
for now I haven't thanked another chicken about a year yeah we believe you okay thanks pal yeah
we believe do we believe no no oh he oh I see me two dollars and twenty cents in quarters or I
thought he meant two hundred and twenty coins so let's see two thousand twenty cents that's four
eight that's not bad how do you get the twenty cents out of a quarter five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line so when are we getting back to a mayor pingo
they'd mayor orders police to scrap spare guns this is only after CBS once again humiliated and
degraded and embarrassed him and show what a jackass in little twirpy is a national television by
the way my me date county mayor Alex pingo has ordered that surplus county police weapons
be reduced to scrap metal following a CBS news report that found despite good intentions
that some officers guns ended up in the hands of criminals the news report is a particular
embarrassment for my me date which has sued the gun industry because of the cost of local gun
related crime so I guess the philosophy is well let's just ship the crime someplace else nice
go in air mayor the network's three month investigation discovered that four my me date police
weapons were connected to crimes in Chicago including one attempted murder case in which
a maintenance worker was shot three times after being mistaken for a gang member CBS also found
that despite a my me date county policy that used weapons that used weapons be kept within
law enforcement community the guns often turn up in shops where they could be bought by the public
said CBS correspondent Vince Gonzalez panelists an advocate of gun control who spearheaded the
counties lawsuit to compel twice as manufactured to design safer weapons said he was disturbed by
the finding he was disturbed by the finding and the embarrassment of the national television
again right there on CBS and rather giving them that evil CBS I look quite frankly this underscores
the problem we have with gunning manufacturers in this country mayor pingo said last year date
tried to stop the exact practice that CBS uncovered did county hired keys for police
supply of Indian Indian and a binary sell 1200 guns others in law enforcement community
keys for one of the nation's largest gun dealers with the only company to respond to the counties
bid company owner duck he's who may help can average for comment to they said his business screen
all the buyers dates gun for date guns to comply with the policy but CBS traced the weapons
among the findings 250 ended up at a farm supply during Kentucky 40 went to lose police
supply in high alia which exported them to Costa Rica for we see all the consumers well you know
we don't care about those Costa Rica animals anyway let them lose their souls let them shoot each
of his brains out there you go nice go on there pingo here's sunrise hello morning Neil yes sir
I'd like to find out why Simpson is not arrested for having cocaine when they arrest guys with
little roaches in their cars who said they found cocaine on them no no everybody knows he does it
the why isn't he arrested this is this place of the where I guess they haven't looked at the right
place yet like in the right nostril no no check out the apartment that he's in or wherever he is
yeah and why isn't he arrested for this I don't know maybe they figured it's well
potato planted after after two murders what's a little white powder you know
yeah that's a good point you right okay thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line yeah we have two very very tragic episodes in that Montreal
game last night we got such great hockey fans down here what are they all talking about today oh
yeah pervline you see that last night did you see no I was actually watching the game even though
was boring I was watching our team play and Bre get hurt with the injured groin and Scott
Melon be looked like almost got killed there at the end of the game which thank God was only a
concussion anybody would anything to say about that no no it's just amazing to me just so they
just don't get it here they don't get it they don't get it they're out of contact they're out of
touch with like reality with a real road out there somebody get them all a satellite dish somebody
get them a compact there's something God hey you see that thing about the mafia the
hi the yeah yeah and by the way there is no mafia
Gordon did South Florida a major blowjob for today's breaking win news we go to the WWF world wrestling
federation let me say something staying you know I may be the United States champion but I'm
going to set everything aside I'm not going to wait for a challenge from you I'm going to
get you a challenge right here right now and a few people don't like it and that's today
breaking win news
1044 or 560 W.A.M. well I'm telling you one thing maybe we could pack Mayor Pingat and OJ like I
said under a bus and just to send the east fill things kind of cool down here's homestead hello
good morning sir how are you okay sir I got a couple things I'm I want to regret the yesterday
that bit you just played with the juror was perfectly timed yesterday we were talking about the
the Venturi interview which you promised to reread today no I didn't say reread I said I would
finish him I could finish reading the whole thing at the start now and I'm glad because I was
in an out of the car yesterday I couldn't I've heard it the things he said the guys right on
the money he's right on the mark I mean he's he's like the the most honest man I've run into
in any political arena ever and the religious ailes that are put him down and degrading him and
aren't they don't they preach tolerance and forgiveness no they preach hate and intolerance absolutely
you're absolutely right that's the only reason they have any control in any money is because
they always find skate coats they don't have any skate coats they'd all been out of business a
long time ago but they hide that under forgiveness and tolerance now only forgiveness
intolerance for each other the like Jimmy Swagger you know right when they are when they're
popular pants that would be for good and all that right right now I didn't mean to do it okay on
the other things you were talking about it this bitch writing with the the mayor which is space
this skinny kid pina yeah that's it the the concert last Saturday and all these clowns
of regalato being one of the biggest clowns the people you were exoling yesterday about
no one would call in no one would talk about the centers yeah the people who don't
don't care don't speak yeah but we it was amazingly for the first time every yesterday we had a
whole bunch of people who did yes you did call it was great but the people the people who don't talk
who don't put down their leaders are the ones who elected these clowns into the city how do you
know how they make you think that they voted the only people who vote in date carrier those old
old Cubans did all the other ones elect the crazy Cubans right they're running a spam county that's
and that's and and when people finally wake up and realize that maybe we'll get some leadership
this can not believe that you're dreaming you must you know be on the funny jungle Jews this
morning yeah I am you're not going to have any leadership in date counties not going to happen
we will never live long enough to see that happen I agree 100% with you sir and something
one equation was left out the discussion was the mayor of Miami Corolla who is probably a pretty
good mayor but he came out what makes you say that it appears to be he's better than for us right
he's not as proud as I wouldn't say he's a good mayor or a hard ass nut has uh but he came out
against this concert strictly for political reasons yeah well well why would any why would anybody
come out against this for any other reason well what's the other reason okay you win have a great day
yeah yeah mayor carroyo he's too busy trying to get baseball in Miami that's what he wants
oh yeah well that's another uh that just keeps coming back to just like oh Jay just won't go away
let John Henry John Henry and you're just like oh Jay okay nobody can stand yet and you won't go away
I must be crazy I must be now must be downtown Lauderdale high and Marlon site search as they
continue putting this crap on the front pages of our newspapers this is on the front page of the
heraldous morning by Tyler Bridges Brad Bennett and Peter Horrisky underlying the whore part
mayor Jim Nogga leposes the new Riverside that team owner John Henry looked at in for Lauderdale
but nevertheless mayor carroyo he's all for it in Dave County that's right he's all for it
down to advice in tenio park this is in a city where they're goddamn bankrupt where they don't have
money to build a four hundred million or three hundred million dollar stadium for a billionaire
is that going to happen no you can take it to the bank mayor carroyo it isn't going to happen
better than the nuts yeah better than the nuts it's not going to happen all right never going to happen
and by the way how's you know I hear now on the hank show yesterday pat riley is getting on his
hand and he's incrying trying to sell tickets oh won't you please buy some tickets to the heat
this season's going to start pretty soon won't you play and the people you can hear the people
no no thanks yeah he's under squirting a few weeks doing a duck right in the middle of those
commercials there falling like a little child come on want somebody please fill up those seats only
eight bucks not a dollar a hour will pay you to you know put your ass in the seat no thank you
so let's build a baseball stadium down there in a city that's goddamn bankrupt where the education
is a joke in a county where they just got through with this whole series around gone channel four
news which you know it's like everything else all these exposés you see it for a couple of days
and then it goes away and that's the end of it like the goddamn prostitution ring down
the red candle that they keep telling us oh there's an internal investigation you just wait we're
waiting how long ago was that about a hundred years ago that that went on and we still haven't
heard another guy damn word about it in fact we got the second prostitution ring that they uncovered
a couple of days ago and we haven't heard anymore about that so when you talk about the attention
span of the American public being short even my penis isn't that short it's unbelievable
for about two minutes they get all worked up about something oh gee isn't this terrible the kids
can't even have a lunch and kids are getting killed trying to leave the campus and there's no textbooks
and all this other stuff nobody really cares because if they cared you better believe they'd be
doing something about it see what we have is people riding and protesting and acting like barbarians
because they don't like a rock group that came into play a concert because they're commonistas
then you get a bunch of wild people acting crazy out there by the arena
but when somebody tells them that their kids aren't getting the goddamn lunch break every day
or any food in the cafeteria or that they don't have any textbooks to bring home
ah what the hell with that what's that got to do with cash exactly what's that got to do with
commonista commonista plus the education system are a bunch of commonistas anyway but you're homos
matacones i'm sorry and cheese that's on the menu and that's on the menu for lunch today at all
your uh schools all over town matacone and cheese all the good catlicks like it they're used to
that they're waiting till friday for it though i do like macaroni and cheese can't eat it but
boy i do like it especially like baked so like it's a little dark on top you i'm talking like
crusty on top like your underwear here's jupiter hello yeah you constantly criticize oj right he's
horrible famer okay great i'll tell you what maybe you and loren phillips and oj can
lote together okay you ask all he's a holla flamer drop dead and take oj with you okay
i constantly criticize him like i criticize any other murdering son of a bitch he's a holla
famer call one of the sports nerd shows around there are the ones that glamorize every scumbag
like spree they're talking about everybody's got a nickname no matter how aberrant their behavior is
no matter how many times they try to choke their coach to that no matter what kind of barbaric
stuff they do they all got a nickname and it's all a big joke ha ha ha yeah i'm gonna that that's
our poll question today which is worse scumbag jox or people who admire scumbag jox
want to ask the morning to morning guys that question wow it's free he's here is something
hi that's free yeah he's a panic he's a real laugh riot here's Miami hello hi Dale yes sir
yeah regarding the oj thing i live in the crossings in kendo and i read it
holy yeah the niggos the hood so it makes you a lot of four sales signs popping up there
but i read in the al nuevo handle yesterday that oj apparently put the crossing's townhouse to
dress as his permanent dress on the police report which makes me wonder how he possibly passed
muster with the association screening i mean when you we live we live there for two and a
few and you've got to fill out a form give a lot of detail yeah you can sign permission for
a credit report i mean what did the guy put you know uh murderer and we'll play golf for food
but he that it's for a part man you don't understand it's her it's her pants he just he put himself
down as a resident though he put it down as permanent address well it's another lie like all the
other stuff okay but uh yeah definitely uh there's a little bit of interest in an abrid now
some people of course like to notoriety other people saying they'll get the guy to have out of here
some people like to know to rioty oh yes yeah it's a little perverse to sing a lease but you know
there's a celebrity in neighborhood you know but if my break should fail going home one day well hey
you know life is tough there you go go choose okay i and hope you have good aim five six seven
oh five sixty a few of the five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's the mobile in Miami hello
can you yes sir hey this is Jim i took your advice uh i got a life i left my
Miami after about 30 years uh my kids now have schoolbooks we moved over to Marco Island
uh and i know we have a bunch of old parts but they're not uh noisy uh Hispanic parts uh
i do know there's nothing worse than a noisy Hispanic part right and i do believe in
and a lot of what you say and my my children even question when you get off about the pope and the
biggest cat and all that and she says well why would god talk to this one guy why doesn't he
talk to all of us so my kids are even into uh questioning the pope and all the boys and the back
rooms and everything and i just want to know i watched the game last night i was concerned for
i don't miss my yammy i come in twice a week and i really i listen to your show i pick up everything
i need to know about my yammy and i'm glad i'm out of here and as i said a couple of months ago on
your show those guys who want to go back to new york got to get on a bus and go on back to new york
amen okay thanks but i'll have a great life over there have a good watch out for that Spanish
back for it's too okay that's our poll question which is more exciting Spanish flyer Spanish
eyes five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line oh tremendous response
today about beret and melandie both getting the injury and it looked like melandie was dead
there today again are they talking about that no in fact i'm going to work this morning listen
to the worst team and bifo is going on about that stupid pms thing uh that was on and it comes in
here during the commercial break him and guilty and bifo is going oh that was pretty interesting
i said no it was not interesting bifo it's old stale crap is what it is old stale crap
i mean i'm turning on the radio expecting to hear about you know our our superstar player gets
injured with a groin pull which if you saw a yaga last year once you get a groin pull as any
new jox out there no or people that follow this stuff it can be chronic and recurring and recurring
and really be a real pain in the ass pain in the groin and then of course the melandie thing
there at the end of the game no nobody's got nothing to say about that
we we you can't complain about the sports knowledge in this town there is none there is none it
doesn't exist you could go out there with a god damn with a search party and you won't find it
it doesn't exist that's why this radio station is a miracle it would be like having an all a
Hebrew station in the middle of the north pole with a 20 share yeah how can you do that
seriously it would be like opening up a god damn hall of osman in south of arabia and then doing great
business i don't understand for the life of me i don't understand it all you got is a bunch of people
up up up up up up up up up up up and they haven't got any idea what they're talking about
man terrifying
oh yeah what about that Peter work huh yeah they're talking about that crap again like like
there's something even worth talking about on that level and that's off of my work level again
couple of guys just looking for a good discount including one guy who can't even spell his own name
labor a lavender anus
and these sports shocks like i said the sports nerd they're oblivious to that i'm the only one
who notices any of that stuff they're oblivious because oh it's all part of the it goes with
the territory it goes with the whole illiterate bull crap late lavender rain is
i grew up in the Catholic way served as an altar boy every Sunday after mass the priest would ask
if i could say lame but ask me to go on a little go or to be not an angry son would
be playing it's by hitting it down on my knees and that nobody should ever know that he showed
me his holy rose altary boars with a wear a dress comes in handy for easy access they reach
up under there and give it a grab and like in the winter nuts sacks sacks the parents got mad
as him when he got lost at least until the Vatican made him all off they just about to
Arizona to go retreat to get forgiven by the Pope against little family
it's 11.02.5.60 w.d.Q i mean i'm looking through the rest of the adesive entry
interview here in playboy i'm not going to read the rest of the year be a waste of time you
write the whole thing right no oh i want to read it i'm just not what it's much easier that way
no i'm not going to read the rest of it because it's going to take too much time out of the show
and you're I read all the important stuff and the rest of it is about his time in the seals the
navy seals and all this other stuff just uh much you do about nothing you know what i'm saying it's
much you do about nothing uh-huh so uh-huh why why waste all that time plus i hate reading on the
air i can't stand it it's terminal it's ponderous i'd much rather talk to all these brilliant
articulate colors out there oh yeah he's a hero he's a super-season the hall of fame
here's the curl gables hello hey me off yes sir yeah i was i agree with him i've been first
said but my point is on those van van and uh yes i actually got pretty well done and i just have to
say that everyone that's reading my amy to brow it is pretty much the same as all the cubans
fleeing Castro so i wanted to start a protest where do you think it at for a
month of December protest against the protest protest or what protest was van van for my
sacrifice for the constitution for the rights because you guys are violating i want to start
a protest against the protest and anti protest protest yeah i'm i'm ported off okay great i can't
wait for this okay well i'll come down from broward and help you out all right okay thanks okay
there's the anti protest protest and as soon as we get that organized we'll pass it along to okay
we'll put it on the spanish language stations we're getting so confused they won't even know
which side of the street to be on that's right are we now are we in the anti protest lie are we
the uh how are we what are we much assholes i think five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the AT&T wireless line yet they're concerned about the safety and the welfare of the people in
date county what a joke that is why are they lucky to tell that somebody didn't die in an ambulance
that got blocked off of it there months ago when they were doing that coast guard crap they're
on a on a causeway on the macArthur causeway they're lucky or in hell that nobody died we need
to emergency help and of course then who would have been responsible well we didn't know not okay we
don't make you do about it because uh yeah because ricky riccardo runs the county that's why
isn't that right uh-huh i haven't heard anything he ain't singing too good anymore
doesn't matter oh he doesn't really good baba lose what i hear here's pop it oh hello
morning the yes sir last bond by i mean i got so sick of even seeing that name of the newspaper
i didn't even realize until a couple of days ago why they were so pissed off the queue with that
just who cares right exactly who cares they should like good all the stuff that's going on down here
and this is the kind of stuff that the politicians and that these crazy old people this is the kind
of thing that gets uh them all motivated in the psychotic right important stuff they can't be bothered
with that lost man man right they had to call it from park a wild one a few minutes ago and i
had never been to mark a wild in until about three weeks ago i want a weekend stay with three
stay you don't have to hold on to being going oh jeez i mean you have this this host beach front
resort set up with the marina maria and the hill in the hot all these beautiful resorts and there
was nobody nobody there i mean it was like such a it was just a ghost town this huge public beach
i was somebody there's nobody there under the age of a hundred i mean how do you go and not
enjoy a free vacation but it was terrible i can the only the only place there was any
any bloody with six or more people in there was like the bill of jackayman monday night in a bar
let me tell you this i always laugh at people because so many of the people that are very
perroker and they don't know i mean granted you got a free thing but so next the key
kept keva and marco island if you talk to a lot of people here in south Florida that's right
those are three of the places they love going for a big keep her weekend get away for what what
what is the point there's nothing that is the point if you want to go to a place where it's totally
dead and there's a lot of old people just come to sunrise you don't have to go all the way over there
i think that uh... the switch gears totally here on the way home last i have a short drive home from work
and uh... i was just cruising the down i've got the panther game and i had never listened to i mean
just never listened to panther's games just because of the broadcast to Chris Moore
i turned on last night and i mean there was actually some life yeah action and some activity going
on and you know with the broadcast i mean jigsman i remember jigs that i was a dog was a big
i understand before i moved down here and that's the last time i was really in target i don't
follow it enough to know who's good who's i know who's bad because the christ moron you you turn
on the game and you hear like you hear the skates on the ice right here the murmur
yeah you know there was actually going on he wouldn't describe it yeah and you hear nothing no
voices for five minutes for five seconds rather and you just your quick quick quick to the
right pocket after six and uh... i mean i'm like it's just to have some action some something going on
he was the worst excuse for a sportscaster in the history of radio he was really really bad and
there are actually people when it was determined that he wasn't coming back we're calling up and
saying oh we'll miss him he didn't really have there were kiss and his ass and again you got to
understand because he was here okay he got kicked out of juries because even up there the devil
fan as as few of them as there are they couldn't put up with it he came down here because these people
had nothing to compare them because they don't know oh he's really great he's not entertaining he's
funny he was supposed to have one i don't know how we know whether or not jigs is good or bad i mean
he's no well he's a big improvement now with yesterday in closing here the probably the
tackiest thing i ever heard was one one tank went to his like ten or twelve minute break i slipped
around went to seventeen hundred yeah that's when i heard that will chamberland died right so there's
more testy distraught on the phone and he's placing a call to will answer machine out in california
and gets will family you know you're here okay this is a big different talking say oh god
you know the sound of the dead man's work and you know he's leaving a message to a dead man high this
is seventeen hundred the fan in Miami we're leaving this message for for for the will family and
then he starts talking to will will we love you we miss you i should i swear to god
there's gotta be a place where they gotta talk to somebody on that station
might as well be the dead and he's talking and he's like i'm gonna leave a message now this is
for will family now we're sorry for your loss uh you know our hearts are with you and then
okay and going back to you will you're gonna be missed and thank you for all of the thank you for
a wonderful years and he's like we love you will and hang up the phone to leave you
you the and it wasn't even like how we're doing a group these guys are serious
on a lot of this town is like what were you looking for his desperate okay i have a great thing
i know see you well of course i can relate to that because all these years i've been in town 23
years talking to a lot of dead people got a few live ones out there a couple of live wires one or two
and well he sure could score maybe oh twenty thousand women so what if he exaggerated a couple
thousand here a couple thousand there what's what's the big deal and you wonder why he died at 63
maybe he was kind of like drained of energy you ever think that was possible just a little bit
uh-huh drained at that point leased it in the waist any time i'll pay to that nine minutes after
eleven at five sixty q a.m.
new
uh-huh
well the church burned down and no one knew what pinney calls that this was going to do the
sunday brims don't that so that gun the hottest burn up a church bus in the parking lot
in a panic forever and doctor white called up an ex-member that had an left right he own
joe's beer joint right across the fence it's the same joe's he preached against
he said i don't really want to be a hypocrite i got a son this goes lash about
that fifth we're all excited about revival we can been moved by the spirit so to speak
well all the souls we saved and money we spent we thought god told us to sell that tent i got a famous
a fabulous supposed to come and done run out of chairs well you know the sun
tells that hell you've issues the whole thing place ain't out on the gift box amazing grace
i ain't supposed to be open cause of them blue laws but we'll open the night it's all right with you
preachers head well i reckon that'd be okay the good lord works in mysterious ways as don't talk
about Joshua judges and roof and i reckon i could do it from the DJ booths
that's the first Baptist bar her and grill it's the only church in the Bible built the smells like a
whiskey still when the center's finished one more round we'll have dinner on the ground and
go inside and help right we don't get killed leave angelist came with a well just
choir they showed up around happy hour looked around the joint and didn't take a real well
like the white ministry has done the hell there's mills that don't you sundish cool and two
dickens in the back room shooting pool were sharing the lord with the gym beam rep who was
taking miss mill some wine there stuff that one white was reading from the book a look to a tall
drug trucker about the puke he had john pre-16 memorized trying to drive us out to get him
out the ambulance yelled about the lights and the bears said white you can't save any souls in here
this place ain't nothing but a day of the same ain't the kind of place that this dog be in
preachers that well we don't really need y'all here you didn't do a very good job last year
only save one center i was talking about ours a little SLB to set my church on fire
young bear joint has done been revived don't have been here an hour and a done say five
sure it's got mirrors and a big dance floor but i finally found a block that told me more
there at the first map just far and bril it's the only church in the baffle belt that smells like a
whiskey still not a stained glass one day anywhere in sight just the blood stain floor and neon lights
and the communion wine in here is always just we're here every Sunday we're living large the
only church with a cover charge and if you don't like our doctrine and think we ain't devout
we'll have our bouncer throw your butt out of the first Baptist bar and grill
oh right one 15 is 560 W to Q a n thank you so much you're welcome here is the north mindy b
chill out hello yes sir now first time color all right i got a solution for the no food in the kitchen
let them brown bag bag it to school i used to take a jelly sandwich and an apple
that was jam look with that video okay thank you when you get that when you get the bag off your
phone maybe he just got the that wasn't the bag i had in mind okay whoo i think he's squeezing
it in the bag too yeah it's a lot of brown bag it take a jelly sandwich to school every day okay
all your little bratty kids thank you sir there's an instant solution for our problems
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T world back when he went to school back before gluten
burn made the print and press oh my god here's Miami hello morning Neil yes sir
since many of your callers prefer their comments by stating their hyphenated heritage let me
say that i'm a Cuban Cuban uh-huh i wanted to comment on the uh-infident of the van van that we had
here uh-but before that i wanted to say that i distributed with you yesterday uh-you said that
Lucristi couldn't sing a lick and uh-he was one of the best Paul said i love Lucristi uh-you
actually think he could sing well compare him to uh-smokey Robinson the lead singer of the majors
the diamonds or the Ricky Martin yeah yeah that's better all the time anyway what i was going to
say is that i agree that if you don't want to see a show by just not showing up you can vote with
your feet so you don't have to go out there and make a spectacle of yourself uh-but there are two
sides to this coin and uh-you gotta realize that in a place like Cuba where there is a dictatorship
you don't start and become popular night to 69 and 30 years later you're still on the top
unless you're part of the system you're part of the machinery i think the members of the
administrative interior there and uh-castor had to know quite well that if he brought them here that
this being the backyard of uh-the Cuban exiled that they would cross a rocket and uh-would
give this place a black eye uh-huh so i think it was a manipulated political situation
well how come they went to all these other places they've been all over North America
oh no i agree uh-they've been to New York they've been to California they've been around
there were in Toronto they've been they have a small Cuban community up there they didn't have any
riots or any protests oh well no no i agree but he knew that if he did that here that uh-the stations
and uh-the people that here we've got to riled up about their presence and uh-and obviously
those people can go on the air and say you don't-so in other words in some other words the junior
pan-and games and the senior pan-and games the reason that they have those games is so they give
Castro a vehicle to same Cuban athletes here in the Pissol see i-and i mean what you're saying on
the face of it is ridiculous because there are artists and there are sporting events and there
all sorts of other things that happen all over the country without any of the scissoria well
they're just like the people that ran a slumped all the way from here up to Baltimore to protest
when the Cuban national team was playing a baseball game up there well don't you think that he could
have uh-a forecasted uh-uh these feet-tops of this and it's occurring here of course
so that these people are as predictable as the weather he's loving every minute of it
hey you see if they were smart which they're not if they were smart they would turn the other
cheek they would ignore it they wouldn't get too many publicity they wouldn't be coming back in
December and nobody would care he wouldn't have another great PR event but they just keep making them
look better and better and better given the more public relations and keep giving a black
eye to this community because there was predictable as the weather in uh-and hell and it also puts
more money for those Castro's pockets right you're right thank you okay yeah i mean uh-you know
give it a rest already just for once forget about it put it aside go uh-you know go to the
cockfights do something more constructive go play pinakal go play in dominoe park
but of course most of it lies with these Spanish language radio stations that they only exist
because they constantly are whipping these people up into a frenzy pandering to their worth
hatred and hysteria over and over again they're the ones that keep bringing these people out
just like they did back when a coast guard episode happened getting on here and encouraging people
to go out there and do all this crap five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line here's sunrise hello yeah yes sir okay it's just uh-timinate drug test by
like companies win yes and uh-or else the gentleman went to scatty to me that this was a government
policy mandated by the federal government and then to give us drug casts yeah we don't work for
the federal government do we who's we my company how do i know how do i know what company you are
now the the company tower no you don't have to tell me the name of the company okay well it's
okay i mean i go in there and i shall turn off these tape uh-straper work right tell me
well if i don't take the test i will be uh-terminated if they find anything in there and i'll be
terminated mm-hmm well i mean so i have discussion or compartment i go home beat my kids beat my dog
right right that makes me uh you know well we'll send you that old jays join okay
take care of him five six seven oh five sixty i mean the whole thing with drug testing the whole
thing with drugs that mean what's the point even talking about it what is the point this is the
American f&w baby it's a criminal problem that's right we got to catch the criminals we got to
catch the dangerous people the people are smoking a wacky weed and by the way clear and get your
head on thanks ass already will you please god five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
the AT&T wireless line i was so embarrassed for him yesterday was just the demoralizing the grading
all i'll need the snap its fingers he's on the phone oh yes hammer oh yes hammer just forget
ignore him for a while okay just to be a man set up in the you know on your own two feet
thanks in the middle of the live spot oh thanks for talking to me hammer bye shut up shut up
out of the spot thanks hammer just put you up a little bit five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a mad two o'clock i'm sorry every time i see uh-currence i think yeah to it why does
you do that maybe he's been watching that coach coach of the national predators that very trot
that looks like Dracula yeah he looks just like him of course nobody here knows who that is do they
no this hotbed of hockey hysteria here i mean i love it i'm glad we got the team and all
that other good stuff i don't understand why we have a hockey team here why do we have a hockey
there are no hockey fans just for you thank you thank you Wayne god bless you
here's Miami hello hello no yes sir yeah i was going to talk about my new ain't you
didn't you i love it man it's not alive yeah yeah it's great told you then i heard that last bit
you did and i dare you to find me one person i think you was finding you even with a stupid last
track man oh yeah this is the guy with the song the song the dance about the last track every time
i play a Bob and Tom but well guess what everybody here was laughing at us so go back and play with
your eight one point eight incher another one of those the chronic Julios with the same
song the dance about the left track and it wasn't funny then what do you listen for asshole you got
your 18 incher go well yank it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty you're so predictable
that's so boring it's so pondering and always the same material always the same terminal material
i got news for a Bob and Tom i got more talent in their little fingers than you got in your
whole goddamn puke inducing body okay puts to bet he didn't miss the banana board you know what
here's a lady in mind he likes hello hello yes man hi me all you know that puke is it's calling
you all the time compact oh that this is a little setup deal remember the call the other day to try
to get that name on here which he didn't get on this time but we got it we got a little family
of assholes calling now try to get somebody's name on here that we don't even know who it is nor do we
care less that's beautiful that was great five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t
while it was flying here's sunrise hello hey nil yes sir hey what's that not much hey let me tell you
something about your crazy people today people for the county and all the situation man it's
gonna hit north up here to broward i'm telling it yeah and rookie thanks oh ricky what kind of said
you got to drag an F five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
here's a mobile in hollywood hello yeah nil yes sir i would just want to talk about religion for a
second i just so happened to be split into the channel for late last night there's a program on
it's called Satan on one of the HBO's and they were talking about they were showing some footage
of a little town in Oklahoma like with a what they called the church capital of the world they have
like a small town with like seven hundred churches there yeah and they were showing they it cracked
me up it was they were showing these families they separated these families from they said all
the sudden that they were going up now but when when they were children they said their parents
used to put Satanism into them and they separated from them from their parents and all the sudden
in front of the camera these guys started talking like in tongues and Satanism and and going ballistic
and they and here's here their parents are yeah i know you can tell the religion they've been like
through religion all their life there's truth Catholics was so called too crazy people yeah but i
mean these guys i mean you could just talk well what's wrong with little time yeah right what i
would say but they sit in front of the camera there's a little chamberland used to say what's wrong with
little time like this funny thing is they said that they were possessed by Satanism but it looked like
to me like they had a problem physically like with you know something wrong like like terrible
polytheers something yeah um they just looked like they had a handicap and next thing you know they're
sleeping and they started talking like the demon and this guy's for four to six hours is the best
thing you got to see it yeah this pastor here for like four to six hours was sitting here talking to him
and these guys are just flipping out all over the whole family though
it was crazy thing i've ever seen i was rolling in my bed it sounds like religion to me you know
if the word crazee's in there's probably got something to do with religion i'm telling them okay
watch out for those fork tongues okay see you in hell yeah the devil baby the devil just
stop and think about the devil like devil ham because i you know you buy devil ham into a little
picture of the devil on there with the pitch fork and the tail and the a horny ears look at that one
call left at the board here all out of business this morning five six seven oh five sixty they've
gone from the ridiculous to the sublime five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the
eighteen t-warners line hey hang this up baby
i saw christie and he was very damn
it's religious thing was not for me
hey hell the big convention
let me in for free i don't idea what i was about to see
they were speaking in tongues that's a deal believe
it was kind of fun
just to get out of my town
speaking tongue
they got people even like i'm here for even from side to side
all right
oh
now embrace me
i sent my tongue to the beach
now whatever i do feel for give me
oh now i speak in tongues
that makes me a believer
and i'm having fun
yeah
speaking
never thirty two or five sixty watch out for those dangerous comes
starting in and out of very very dangerous places
you know this whole hell thing when you start when you come right now to it
see the devil didn't invent hell
god invented hell
every time something bad happened or somebody does something
aberrant oh the devil made me do it i'm possessed
get the exorcist get father marina out of the closet
but the the devil's not the one who invented hell
where your soul burns in torture and gets tortured eternally
that was that the devil of loving god
that invented hell
so that if by some bad stroke of luck you don't believe in these fairy tales
you're going to burn in hell forever the only choices are heaven
hell purgatory and then with chubby checkery do the limbo rock
those are the only choices or just in that box in the ground
what kind of sick and twisted minds what kind of intelligent person could
possibly believe these things
oh the lord god is a loving god but he's not and he's perfect but he's also jealous
so you won't have any other gods before he's jealous and his wrath waxes hot
so he's angry he's got all of these human foibles
isn't that a coincidence because man invented him
man invented god in their own image oh now we're getting it yes the other way around it yeah
we invented a god who was just like them imperfect
heaven and hell isn't that a great prospect oh yeah your soul is going to
of course it doesn't look like I told you before it was making a difference because you have no
senses you have no brain you have no body i ain't got no body so you have no senses
she won't feel it anyway all you feel it it burns is that what it does does it burn
that's what Linda said it burns she also said
the miss go miss go miss yeah she said that too everybody be nailed to a chair and walk the
excesses okay the cat look church won't like it too much but you'll love it especially that
green pea soup Campbell suit people like it here's a mobile and pepper pine hello hello Neil
yes sir i thought you were right on the money with that uh just to ensure a article um glad you
read that on the air yeah uh i just moved down from New York grew up in south florida and i mean
don't take this the wrong way but i don't understand if the way you feel about south florida is
uh you know that's a terrible place it is it's a toy and just you know what i mean you've made a
pretty good uh living um you know you don't pretty well for yourself living down here and being
on the radio and making plenty of money yeah that uh what do you say because what you just said it
i mean i know but you despised it so much yeah and i only got two years uh eleven months and a few days
to go not that i'm counting well i mean then you the your audience is mostly you know is made up of
you know by and large moron and what makes it better than your show the colors you're talking about
the colors that's like one percent of the audience yeah you think the colors are in fact if you
were listing then why you know that's all more what is it half of them can't speak English yeah oh i
you know or use it grammatically correct yeah in and and what about you why do you listen to the show then
i find you uh interesting uh i uh that's what's the problem what is the problem i just don't think you should
you know really so in other words you know in other words you're going to tell me what to say you see
one of the reasons people do listen to this show is because i call them the way i see them i would
love for this town to be a wonderful place and a great place to live and a fun place once upon a time
it wasn't so bad but you know something and it's gotten worse and worse and more dangerous and
crime-ridden and more illegal alien and festive this is not a pleasant place to live i know but
it's like you you know you've had a successful career down here so what does that have to do with it
it has a lot to do with it hasn't got a lot to do with it what if you don't like it please i will
and three years of the month and seven i think or stand on the way yeah i mean you talk so
highly of those places yeah you know it's right in one and someday when i can afford it i will live
in one of those places that's right yeah i just find it kind of hit a critical it's not
hypocritical at all it's an exactly we have a reflection of the way i feel about it but since you
wanted to tell me what to say i love it here it's paradise you feel better feel better no
no that's it okay yeah what can you say about him he's an asshole yeah i'd say
it's not hypocritical to tell the truth of the way you feel this is not a pleasant place to live
for living and breathing people to place for dead people it's a place for people over the age of
100 and illegal aliens that's all it's all about it nobody here cares about the kids about
education about anything that means anything all they care about is billionaires spoiled billionaires
who want to keep building stadiums and arenas and illegal aliens that's all they care about here
to have an animal place everybody knows that well i tell you have so many guys like that you make
it so much money great that's fine that's the only reason i'm here if that weren't the case i'd
be gone in a heartbeat pal after investing 23 years in this place pouring my guts out and he's
not going to the other call us what did he have to contribute besides i'm basically a malcontest
and a hypocrite what did he have to offer us nothing zero sympathy do not and you're all a bunch
of morons too by the way everybody who listens they're all morons except him thank god we got him
he's a smart guy not like frayton not dumb he's smart probably saying a few hellmaries right now
and rubbing his thing
you know i know all the boy i'm a captain no absolutely ladies and gentlemen this is rainbow
foreign side oh you
john rambo still alive i want to make movies foreign five my life and going great plan
of Hollywood's broke unfortunately i speak like i had a stroke
oh
what came in 82 that's when i heard my penis and it never ever grew rambo two was in 85 late and
a rainbow three was in 88 sure it's and it's who is my god i did not make this movie with my son
it never stayed she was in rocky five in daylight the tunnel movie a little bit of cash is what i mean
i got to get a loan from the pile of trees i got to have them love movie or Broadway show like
the movie i guess nobody ever thought hot plan it was to do the i guess i understand my whole life is
about to cave in oh i got left this gentleman like them ladies and gentlemen i need to make rambo
foreign five
check it out so call me up i really need a script i can do dialogue or keep it zip the like
comedy action adventure and drama the only thing i will not do is have sex with a llama so give me
a break for goodness sake i used to be out on for it now i can't get on rickie lake right now i got a
one man showing for kepty basically i'm an unemployed chipsy i want to make a cash is what i need
i got to get a loan from the pile of trees i got to have them love it movie or Broadway show like
better he i guess nobody ever saw hot plan it was stupid so i understand
my whole life is about to cave in oh i got left this gentleman that's why ladies and gentlemen
i need to make rambo foreign
all right it's 1144 560 WQ and we got thank wholeberg show it too we got the big big booster
i do mean big six o'clock tonight panthers at Toronto and i'm eight believe seven o'clock
tonight pregame a lot of calls about that the popl briska melon be last night right no nothing about that
you know this last guy if i had a dollar for every caller i've had like this over the 23 years i
wouldn't be here right now i could retire and go someplace great well i'm listening because i find
you very interesting but uh can't you say this and can't you say that instead of what you say uh
no no i'm gonna see there's nothing worse than somebody try to tell somebody else what to say
i like your show but i would like you better if you would just say things that i would
uh rather here well guess what the answer is still no no
what a jerk in other words because i've been successful here because i've bring something to the
table and have been able to move from one station to another and get this big audience and bring
a lot of revenue and make a lot of money for these people that you know i'll give you another
example that would add give me even a much more specific example in the generality of an area
and that's this radio station they're paying me a lot of money so why not you know why doesn't
somebody call say oh you're always complaining and they're incompetent and they're stupid and they're
making you look foolish with this oh jeb that's correct just because they're paying me a lot of
money doesn't mean i'm gonna tell you great things about this company because they'd be i would be
lying they're embarrassing they're humiliating their whole mentality the whole way of doing
business is something i've never even dreamed of much less seen in a hundred years in a business
so this because they're paying me a lot of money doesn't mean i'm gonna sit or they'd
suck their ass and tell you how great the art's not my style
and that's one of the reasons that this guy finds me interesting because i don't just sit here and
kiss ass like most people let you come across okay no matter who's ass it is well it all depends
how's Miguel doing today oh yeah can't you just say I mean you know i like you but
but i'd like it so much better well too bad because the answer is still no no matter how many times
you ask the same question the answer will still be no sure i would like it if this time was more
like it was when i first came here wasn't that bad back then it was almost livable there were some
signs of life some living and breathing people and if you if i'm inaccurate by telling you
that this is basically a bunch of old parts who want to stifle everybody else and a bunch of
and animal people then you tell me where i'm wrong i'd like to know what's wrong about that is
that an inaccurate assessment am i making up these things about what happened for the eight
million time at the arena the other night and about oh j and all the other same trash coming
back here over and over again am i in about the politicians trying to force more taxes over on
public for the wrong pet project so they get their palm greased am i making those things up no i
don't think so so if you're looking for some guy that's just going to sugar coal life and just go
along with a program here you're out you're under wrong spot on the dial pal i'm not going to do it
here's pepper pine hello and you know how you doing okay sir oh i saw something
sticking on tv last night and i had to give you a call i was watching hardball with uh christmas
he was mark hardball and he was interviewing that little nerd uh gary bauer
they were they were talking i'm sorry i just uh make a gutter old driven so
just that's what i did too when i um um they were talking about the adventure interview of course
this is like you know the chance for all the other guys to get on and bash him now but then he
was asking he was asking bauer about his uh is comment about religion being for weak mind
of people and he said this is a part that was sick and he said yeah i don't think they're all
weak minded he said as a matter of fact he said i think back to that girl a column by Cassie
Bernal he said she chose to die rather than renounce her fate he said if i had to be stuck in a fox
hole i'd rather be with Cassie Bernal then just these a big adventurer those are his exact words
mm-hmm what an asshole i guess what she's in a box in the ground though she chose to die new yeah sure
she said all die she raised her hand yeah well she believed in god but god as usual was absent when
needed yeah he wasn't there i don't know it never seemed to be in the right place at the right time
he's always busy like i said bidding on ball games that's why all the athletes keep praying to him
you know can i get a shame it's across maybe man is saying okay have a great day see you
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line yeah you can be a guy
like Jesse Ventura especially a man who's in a public forum who's governor of a state that
actually we can find on the map some of us who's got the balls to say these things in public
and refuses to backtrack and then uh you know then you see what a real man is all about
as opposed to people in like 99 percent 99 and 9 10 percent of the media who just pander and say
all the politically correct things because god forbid they might offend somebody i'm going to tell
you when you got a public forum and you're speaking on a regular basis and you're not offending
anybody then you're not doing a good job you're doing a real bad job if you're not offending somebody
you're not saying anything here's hi alia hello hi Neil yes sir hi good morning
Neil i listen to you all the time i'm getting to be a regular i'm a trucker but you know i wish
we had 25 other stations right here people like you that get to the people you know what Neil
we live in a sugar-coated world people like to be more crap right so that's what they like
and you sitting here wasting your guts in your time you're not getting through to these people
because these people don't have a clue oh this time i'll never do it and you look at Neil's time
i'll never gonna change have you dealt with around and look at our school system cd kids
which my grandkids well all my kids are grown but see what my grandkids won't be going in
tents and these people ask for just to fill their space stay in meetings of dollar i mean this is
unbelievable and these people sitting here and crying in a milk all we need a stadium what's
more important i mean it's ridiculous i just want to say i don't have a lot of material but i
listen to you all the time i'm a trucker and i just enjoy your show i just wish you with more
people like you that maybe so many people would get the message but obviously they are not
getting well god bless god bless you with me okay thank you i drove out of here yesterday
on the way home and it was a pickup truck with some sparsers in here waving and high five and
giving me the outcomes i thought it was a thumb yeah they were see our dark conflicted friends
they love the show because the fact that there's actually somebody that speaks out speaks his
mind on it that's uh they're not used to that they used to be repressed you know five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line yeah i'm gonna come in tomorrow and i'm
gonna change my whole act for that one guy oh god this is paradise man i'm making a lot of money
therefore it must be greater and since when is money eight how much money you're making a
parameter of the community that you're living and where the hell did that come from i don't understand
that i guarantee there are people listening to me right now who're making a lot of money who work
for assholes the only difference being that i'm probably one of the very few that can actually
have the luxury going on here and say i do work for assholes and saying it in public
and if they don't like it write me a check that's all i'll say goodbye no problem at all
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's Miramar hello no yes sir how are you okay uh god created hell who created the devil
god he did too uh how well did he come from everything that's on the uh in the universe god created
you know you shouldn't let that third-push your body you know i mean it's there's people like that
out there what can you do about that yeah that's right here that's a frustrated individual
why he's from the york don't forget the closet third-pusher more like it than i guess uh-huh
anyway anything on uh melambi got a concussion is that it yeah no swelling or nothing like that
well i don't know if it's swelling out of our head either i don't know he just had a concussion
walked out of the hospital oh he did yeah but as far as how long he'll be out or burial be out
we have no information you know you know how that goes and and buried pulled his growing right he's
pulling yeah he's pulling it all right they got ice on it right now okay they're cooling it out
lucky him okay bye yeah yeah see these people don't care about that i mean who is one of the most
the grotesque uh things that could have happened to us and they're like they don't care
there is absolutely no zero i don't care how many of you show up in that place okay i'm there
almost at the time but there is no knowledge there is no interest there is no passion forward it's
like oh if it's here if it's not who cares you know place to go and are taking too much of our
money anyway something of belly it's about five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line don't forget our pizza lot of the parents by the way i should mention
us a lot more is postponed from a next Tuesday until the following week because we want to make
sure that we get all the new CDs in and the a new and improved and uh good quality ones and the
abutance and all the other good stuff so Tuesday October 26th from a six to eight p.m. at the pizza
lock in Davie spread the word here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil God yes sir how you doing okay
and Neil calling for a couple of reasons uh is that mom one number five when we on the CD no
no also i have great news for for Miami i done last week i was reading an newspaper
i should believe it for my Miami week and uh they say that Miami is the number one the capital
of the world for ecstasy users oh right great what do you think about that i heard they're raven
about it so good they even have people from New York and uh cali over there saying that the every
time they roll they wish they were here in Miami uh-huh something we proud of for the first time
we're number one baby don't ever forget it and Neil also on Sunday will you be attending the
winding i think it's the Sunday so why this is a on y-100 an FM station uh they have a winding
every year and uh 98 degrees will be performing on Sunday night i think you wisely chose
well that's the thing i i was invited to be there i i said no i don't think so i said unless i
could roll around in the fields with nick and jeff from 98 degrees and they said no and i don't
know well in that case forget it uh and you'll also i hope you putty a big kiss for us too by the way
tell me's an asshole yes i hope i'll be seeing you on uh on Saturday night against uh anaheim and uh
uh the panthers yeah i'll be saying hi to you all right all right hang in there pal
we're number one baby that's right see we're just in pure ecstasy being here in south
floor what's that other guy belly it could about we always liked it and all that rave concert
bull crap all of this is just a drug fest so i mean you know don't lie about it so you want to go
there in the dance and do a lot of drugs and do a lot more drugs and dance and do more drugs and then
at least to be honest stop lying about it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the ATNT
wireless line here's western hello yeah Neil yes sir how you doing today okay i enjoy your show and
i'm a first time call okay great and i also enjoyed the julio to watch with you okay the
fellow who's next to you yes i have to comment if i can two three points that he mentioned yesterday
is about black and white among his panics yeah he mentioned portareacans that have black
he may be right but he's just his portareacan bias he hates portareacan
i know that already just obsessed with his consume now not even sure which he hates worse juzer
portareacans yeah but i know i understand it because i feel the bike okay yeah i'm a Cuban
portareacan yeah i'm in between oh my god but he has to remember that he's at black too right
and if he doesn't eat my blood i was in the night he's in denial well he's been in denial okay
and i listen to his show and he always mentions mentions on his show that you know he always
brings in the Cuban ancestry his Cuban ancestry from Spain and all that that's okay but i'm sick
and title isn't it to that because every all your car abuse especially Puerto Rico they have
Spanish ancestry too so tell him tell him i've been to Madrid and to be honest with you that i
would be a bragging about it you know i'm saying i would be i understand i understand but i
was in Cuba by 19 years ago the Romans took them in about 20 minutes you know who the hell needed them
well i was in Cuba by 19 years ago i had to go because of my job let me tell you that black
and and a lot of that i did i would say not half i would say 60 percent right but this guy if
he's in denial i mean he's but a you know crap or get off the part exactly i think that about
all that stuff he's working on it right now yeah Cuban's on it forget about old is he
delivering delivered in past tense well yeah there's nothing worse than a professional ethnic you know
i'm sancer yeah i got you okay but can't tell him he's alright yeah he's not gonna write
George but stop being a professional Cuban okay sir get out of here i got to go i don't want to do
like hank did yesterday and go cut up with the two breaks back to back guys going hopper he was
i guess it was that at Pope com just softened up hanks brain it'll be okay today
mommy mommy my dolls panties are all red new from the little lady doll factories it's my first period
Brenda the doll that teaches your little girl what it's like to be a woman mommy mommy why won't
friend of staff crying most of the time friend is a normal doll but once a month she gets a visitor
that turns her into a cranky doll and that's when the fun begins mommy mommy why is Brenda
all called up in the fetal position hold the string and listen to Brenda tell you just what it
feels like don't talk to me like dad don't talk to me okay let me take you in the groin and see how much you like it
my first period Brenda the doll no little girl should be without camp on told separately
two minutes after no in five sixty qm our poll question today is why did god create hill
he's been out of great question for all the believers out there why if god is a loving god
why would any any i'm nip it in being uh why would he do such a thing create a horrendous place
like hill any answers no not yet i'm waiting
well you have to have some place to send the sinners you know oh that's right proud about that
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teal see it wouldn't be good enough
just to be pride the sinners from the uh the wonderment of going to heaven and having eternal life
so you can go up there and praise god for returning oh god you're good oh god oh you're good god
you know forever that wouldn't be bad you know bad enough punishment just that you go into ground
and that's it no we have to go even beyond that because this sick twisted s and m god that man
kind embedded he wants to make sure you really get it in the old back then that's right
so that's why he invented hell
here's deer field hello hey new yes sir you know the best thing about this town what is that
uh leaving it yeah right yeah i got a winger for five days i come home i don't have to read a
newspaper nothing changes right now that's for sure nothing actually change every see i make the
same mistake five times here i get five weeks vacation every year i go on vacation i'm out of here
for ten days i come back and for some strange reason i'm in such a good mood i expect that
something is going to change and when it's unrealistic it's never going to change here exactly that
it just uh lost band van thing that they were talking about same old crap yeah it's like nothing
i don't know i don't understand it's good a million times i know it's it's it's really bad but i
did meet somebody up there that you may know wally hennessey yeah yeah uh friend of my uh inlaw
one of our great harness racing drivers from poppano park obstacle and a wally from no viscosea
a stolen winger i didn't know that my inlaws were one of the people are horsemen up at ron brinette
right and i met him through him i think i wally yeah he was nice yeah big hockey fan too oh yeah i
tell you i got to see the winters spit fires up there right you want to talk about hockey games
cool that's real hockey yeah those kids play i mean they're they're they're out there for a job
it was great but it's just uh you know you come back here and it's the same old thing
yeah same tired tired stuff you got it i don't tell you hang on there new thanks for the good news
all right i feel better already thank you okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty how's it
going wally how's it doing hey see wally the hockey games every now and then comes by says hey how's
going down then he runs away because he doesn't want me to ask too many questions about that horse
that i bet on it the tracker hey wally come on now what's going on hit him again wally come on one more
thought no not this time five six seven oh five sixty pound five i don't think i ever cashed
to ticket i wally he didn't see my life but he's a good guy never still afraid training here's a lady
in western hello yes ma'am i knew hi how are you great i am a baseball fan a marlin fan and a huge
joe angel fan right and are you familiar with the article that was out in the paper about a
month ago regarding davel bion yeah the beri jackass call a rice uh well according to the real
terms in the area of western joe angel's house is for sale sure when on the market two days after
these season ended right so there must be some truth to the article oh he's not coming back
joe angel's not coming back no is that for sure positive he's not coming back this year this
right or you're right another year less than the con right but he won't be coming back i'm sure
they're going to pay him on well i really stuck i agree i think he did a fine job in that you know
i i don't like uh some of the aspects of what he does he does a little too much of that john miller
stuff but i think he did a really excellent job especially under impossible circumstances he's
last two years trying to uh you know brought and make excitement out of that and uh the way that
away and then all goes back by the way and i have this on absolute authority it all goes back to
john henry he was the one who made the decision he's the one who leaked the information to beri jack
s before the season ended and uh totally unacceptable what an ugly way to do it right i mean i have a
lot of respect what a nice way to repay a guy who did a good job for you absolutely absolutely
i have a lot of respect for john jolian and none for henry and why couldn't they have divvied it up
why couldn't they have let the each guy they both do a real good job why couldn't they let they
have a brine do half of the game on radio and half on tv and the same with joe angel why couldn't
they do that instead of pissed off joe angel and the shipping amount absolutely i think it sucks
well i think he'll be better off for it yeah i think maybe you'll go somewhere where the team that
doesn't lose a hundred games let's help though okay all right thank you we're close to it oh they didn't
lose a hundred games you don't know the only 98 i think yeah typical lacking of class baby that's
old john henry standing up there in the stands looking for fans i must be crazy i must be not running
around like a beggar like one of those sluppers on the streets of a young street in terraro i
spare some change mister no i don't think so well how did i stay anyway that's john henry
the only difference is that i'm like those sluppers you don't have too too many loonies and
tunis to rub together this guy's a multi billionaire but he wants our money some way and just
like that thing in a paper today i love the way they always added in their words it so i wiped my
ass with it yet or what come on you got it here somewhere mister oh here it is about the downtown
Fort Lauderdale site and they continue with this let's go boy keep telling us where they want us
to build it for him and i know how much money we're gonna have to put in there and the last paragraph
in this story in a hair of this morning team wants aid oh yeah the final decision as the team is
said all along will depend on which site comes with the required public contributions i must be
crazy i must be not today no tax sources have been confirmed although the team has been focusing
their research on taxes that hit tourists not residents among them taxes on hotel bills and
car rentals no no it's not gonna happen it took that pull 52% that even the tax on the tourist
no we don't want to go in for that no not when we got kids going to port a potty for schools in
broward county we don't have any kind of tax money any tax revenue at all let's go in your pocket
okay you must be i must be crazy i must be not an idiot hey you it's true i can't have an
orgasm just driving down on 95 but only if you're driving beside me
oh
four kids hanging up together aliens holding their rest tv don't get better
the chef just like it lays in there and she's he puts the bow all right
you're going to see stand throw up this guy if when these around
fair stand port and tile and the talking dirt and at least once a week we hear you heard
thank you wait you got that oh it's so weird but the wonderful and candy faces everything
you know he gets hit in the head and then he says the rat's nor at him and then they eat it
they eat it
oh
hey chill play you got that
okay you want to know what i think what
he's doing something here and there he's taking it but he's definitely doing something
hey
12 14 at 5 60 W to QM so how come we haven't heard about why god invented hell yet it's already 12 15
I asked the question like almost a quarter of an hour ago i thought we had
had 6,000 calls by now telling us that the good news
well then it's a lot of fire under our rasses figuratively speaking
under our rectums yeah so they know to make sure that we're where are these people where
are all the people are so much better than we are i know you're out there listening on you
closet religion is out there why don't you give us the information maybe i'm wrong about this one
huh maybe the dog done it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line the search for hell of course when you live in
South Florida you don't have to look too far oh see there he goes again yeah i'm doing it just
for that one guy i might do the whole rest of the show for him he really stimulated me a lot
here's a mobile in Miami hello
in the ill yes sir just called to tell you that i think you're the damn radio radio and
it's gonna be a sad day when you're done on this yeah yes sir and also a little interesting
thing then happened i was on hold and some old Cuban guy on a bicycle pulls up asking how to
get to us one and first you have to let's go to Spanish i said no go to us one
to us one yeah to us one yeah and then he goes and goes to Daytona from to us one
i said i'm on hold see ya excellent good job pal i'm sure you just told him
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line we got a couple open lines they were waiting i'm sure
that somebody on one of those open lines is going to call and give us the real story of the truth
and save us from ourselves because we sure don't want to we'll be in that lake of fire
i'd rather be in canada like any day of the week i'd rather be in lake Ontario
taking my chances then on that goddamn burning lake of fire i'd rather be in a ring of fire
with Johnny Cash or the easy he's got the good powder that's what oh Jason is that line four
screwed up again or what wqa m yeah dear feel yes sir let's go to dear feel hello yeah i want to know
if god can make a rock so heavy that even he can't pick it up good question we'll take a pull on
that thank you you notice line four is screwed up again didn't ring i think you just caught it when
it was uh i had my thumb on it just at the right time always good idea all your kids out there
make sure you got your thumb on it just at the right time okay thanks and get really messy are you
sure it's working it's working oh thank god it's the last thing we need now how about your
internal office phone that working so so i can use it sometimes it works whenever it feels like it
yeah i don't start getting pushy okay professional and human that guy was right about you i wish i
was half black you are four-letter day i hope i could say nigger hey god yes sir the way i kind of
girls out with i kept their panties uh huh i love myself yeah go red wing okay well i hope
you enjoy your three pair i'll go red wings that's that idiot yeah go red wings nice game here
the other night by the way lucky to escape with a tie five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the 18t wireless line here's royal pom beach hello royal pom beach how many colors
would we have from royal pom beach that will have to say it more than once unless maybe they're
retarded oh gone too late too late five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty i love when that
happens how many how many colors do you think we got a royal pom beach sir okay how many times do
i have to say it before you finally say oh yeah that must be me maybe i better say hello something
Jesus cake Christ that other guy was right about the colors
here's Kendall hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir um called you a few times in the past
Neil and a lot of times it's hard to get through so i don't bother but today you really
you know for you to sit there hour after hour and day after day and stand up for the community
and stand up for the people here and stand up for the you know the town here yeah stand up against
these billionaire assholes right you know i'm sitting here i'm starting to shake now i'm getting
really frustrated me too just got them money about the lottery they they banned bulldozers years ago
the lottery money was a double that occasion another fraud i got them kid here one year old
and i'm scared to get the senate in any school whether be public or private comes to near scared in my
booth i don't blame it i just like to take a few minutes to know to thank you for standing up for
the community and uh at least we have somebody with a voice you know representing us thanks a lot
and you know your god i'll pray for us thank you there you go there's a guy who's appreciative okay
because like i said the other day with all that Danny marino stuff even though it's just a sports
thing here's a guy that's done real good for this town for almost 20 years and the minute that he
starts the wrong flavor they're ready to hop on his ass and just beat him to a pulp and the same
thing with me and anybody else that comes in i mean i don't have to raise money for charity i don't
have to pat myself on the back i don't have to take on john Henry and Wayne hot pingo and mayor penis
i do it because i believe the things that i'm telling you i have to tell you that the management
of this radio station are a bunch of long kids a bunch of cheap pricks i don't have to tell you
so i'll reach out and pat myself on the god then back and go see my carapracted tomorrow how do
you like that thank you sir god bless you if we're least caring enough to send you very best
but but it's a lot easier to ripen tears see they like doing that yeah well you know i find you
very interesting but you say this and i'd rather have you say that well no i'm not going to do it
but you understand i'm not going to say what some asshole out there wants me to say if that's the
case then that guy can come in and do the show tomorrow and i'll just take the money thank you
oh world palm beach is back hello yes Neil yes sir sorry about that you know i know
i'm sorry i guess i am your only caller because when i do call i do say we're all palm because
we usually on exclusive you know anyway you know my wife and i have been married 11 years and
we have a daughter a young daughter yes sir and recently she came to me and said she wants to
start attending church so i'm an atheist and we pretty much never really spoke spoke much about
the religion in any way but she feels it might be a good solid foundation for the orderly to learn
a history of religion so here is my dilemma i'm just you know i think there are a lot of good books
you know how old is your daughter he's eight eight now my mother law has taken her to like a
Sunday school when she stayed down there and she's beginning to enjoy it and because you know
the Sunday school of course is you know getting the coloring and you know a bunch of fun stuff
but overall here she is that she says well maybe it's time to do that so you know i pretty much
didn't say yes or no though but my feelings are that are the same as you and most of the other call
yeah what i would do is i would wait until she's maybe a little bit older and then get her some great
books on comparative religions of the world and let her pick her own poison or not as the case
may be as opposed to getting brainwashed and indoctrinated which is what they do in Sunday school
right because i'm a very fair father and uh it's fun husband too and i and i don't want to step
our forefathers it's our fair fathers yeah right so uh just call it you know that uh my
private advice pal don't do it don't don't sacrifice her brain to the a religion is please
right he's probably probably plenty of fathers out there in husbands it probably have to go through
the same thing here and pretty much just back off probably just to watch football as
only while they're gone again right that's the bottom line which is not a good idea affects you
let's throw the football a lot more and uh and then before i go uh since there is a uh
possible stop storm threat uh this weekend in south florida i'm up you know about that or not
sure and uh i say these protests should get on that wrap it start heading back before storm
it okay anyway thank you to me ill see you okay he redeemed himself there and of course nobody
is still told us about the why god invented hill i think that's a very important question leave
it to me to come up with the questions i don't claim to have all the answers you religious started
one and have all the answers worth the answer it's almost 12 30 already half an hour goes by and
we still haven't found out why god created hell probably the same reason he doesn't get rid of lucifer
you know lucifer you know lucifer reminds me of oj yeah he's evil he's pesky and he just refuses
to go away but god being all powerful he can just snap his fingers or whatever he's
testicles his tentacles whatever he's got and there goes lucifer never see him again oh my gosh
can you imagine how wonderful it would be no more shootings in calorato no more shootings on the
streets of Miami no more people throwing their babies off the banister no more this crap
no more evil because if satan is responsible for all the evil things in the world and for leading man
down the path to hell all we got to do is get rid of him so god must be playing some kind of
game with us especially since he knew ahead of time how it's all gonna come out anyway
he knew ahead of time how it was gonna come out just like when he put adam and he to the test in
the garden oh they gave him free he gave him free well the only problem is he knew what the
resolution was gonna be anyway and what the choice would be he already knew that
so it's an SNN game it's kind of like here at curiom i'm gonna give you a whole bunch of ways to
fail that's what i'm gonna do and if you can still succeed well why you must be fantastic
but what i'm really gonna do is keep throwing hoops in front of him i'm gonna throw a rings of
fire and i'm gonna throw a locus everything in your way to see if i can't make you fail just like
they do here at curiom maybe we've seen the face of god George maybe it's Greg Reed yeah going
like that maybe we need maybe all this place needs is a good exorcism
how we're getting there we've seen the face of god it's Greg Reed so who's Satan
i don't know but he's your talks like Linda Blair
here here's a mobile and west pond beach hello yeah no yes sir how you doing okay
hey i know why no i get you squats in the living room rug like Linda Blair too anyway go ahead sir
okay i wanted to call you a long time ago but i get that die epic do you do you remember when you
came back from when you were one of your vacations yes sir you were talking about how you was
getting on the 836 and you kind of like blacked out and you didn't wake up until right that's
i didn't lie but i was just uh i don't know what it was i had like a gap i can tell it by all right you
should have crashed and burned right by all right you something should have happened right no i
wouldn't say that no on a law of averages if you do i mean if your mind goes blank and you kind of
forget your own mind when blank i just uh my attention span or whatever i just wasn't paying any
attention okay under those are you suggesting that god was the one that got me home safely is that it
yes he carried you home the whole world oh i see but why would you do that when i don't even believe
in him because he's giving you a chance for youtube believing in you uh huh and what about all those
people who do believe in that he doesn't just straighten their ass out they fall asleep at the
wheel and bang their dead how about them what was their time it was their time it was their time
like those like those teenagers in Denver that got killed in the school it was their time to go
exactly uh huh that's when he wanted he didn't want you right now or you didn't that yeah i'm
telling you to tell you i don't want him either you should believe who invented health who invented
hell sir i can't answer that okay thank you see there no answer the bible he's giving me a
bunch of doubles hawk he's the sounds like one of those NRA guys but all of it was just in fourth
existing love you know with the same old tired rhetoric that they're reading off a god damn
newspaper they find in the tea room somewhere off a piece of a piece of literature same craft
the lord guided me home oh thank you god thank you god
26 past noon at 560 wqa m
oh that the lord even loves neo-rodgers so you're a atheist uh completely rooted in science so
with no belief so side of what you can see with your own two eyes well then chances are that
the old testament didn't do it for you and neither did it you uh so with the lord's final
attempt to bring your sorry ass around check out the latest book from god entitled screw you to
you ungrateful little bastard start off in chapter one with who do you think caused a flood that
wiped out your house last week uh then move on to such later chapters as step off side i'd dare you
and drop to your knees and pray or those hemorrhoids won't ever go away it's screw you to
you ungrateful little bastard the latest release from god it's better than the book of Mormon
better than the Torah and the Bible combined by yours today it's property one at 560 wqa so there
isn't god because the panthers have recalled right when you found novoselta from uh luahville
because obviously with melan b hurt last night and with vera would add groin he's pulling it
you got the two people out there and how long we don't know yet
scott melan b by the way we'll meet up with the team in toronto and uh is he going to be playing
tonight no but uh you know you get a concussion like that who the hell knows how long
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line uh as we continue looking for the
reason for hell why did god and vent hell sounds like a very reasonable question to me
i asked a guy to question he said yeah he's got all the other answers but when i ask him
something very basic why would anybody why would any uh loving creator invent something as grotesque
and horrendous and disgusting as hate as hell as this lake of fire as this towering inferno the answer is
i don't know well think about it okay here's the mobile in halloweddale hello
haap niel yes sir what's most i'm doing okay yeah i got to tell you the rascal house just reopened
the place is beautiful i know i don't like the rascal house i'm always breaking out
i don't like the rascal they fixed the bed five six seven oh five at least go and don't
to most of them go to the rascal house so it's a one leg up on new pal five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t one last line there's an old fart and old julian
halloweddale by the way who thinks the rascal house is good you know i'm saying
here's my amy hello hey yes sir how you doing niel okay worse than how he gave us the
Miami herald look at three a of the herald today under sports for what look what he says about
a nationally american league championship as the Boston Red Sox and Cleveland Indian my way to
the red socks and Indians prepared for night scheme well yeah the red socks and the Indians
Indians get another shot at it okay because we took all our land away from them thank you sir
you bet they get a stake from the herald leaves stop out of them did they do they know they lost
the game uh Indians in a red size that it no no red socks and yankees last time we all check
what don't tell jokas tello with you and until the y'all they have to have to take that Yankee
outfit on that silly thing he's wearing to work today five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the eighteen t line if it's in the herald you know beyond the shadow of a doubt that it's
probably a pile of crap right here's pember pine hello hey how you doing niel okay sir
hey it's good to hear from you uh first time caller all right um actually i'm taking i'm
heading out so just wanted to call let you know i'm living and breathing personally right uh i
grew up here and i just can't take anymore and having worked for the for the school system for
so long um part of the problem is we got so many teachers out there that are just as jaded as the
kids and i'm tired of it like i want i was looking for advancement here but i'm getting out
to try to want to but i don't want to work with these people and they're much more miserable people
so it's good good talking to you uh wish you the best and um take care okay best of luck now
thanks a lot see you all right there's the amount it's getting out of here an education no less
anybody in the right mind want to work an education here no no support from the politicians no
support from the taxpayers and apparent no support from anybody and in the meantime your kids
are the ones that are like uh you know it's kind of pot luck some of them through a miracle like
in the work their way through and fend for themselves and come out on top and be okay and then
there's all bunch of other kids who might actually uh turn out to be a lot brighter if they had like
textbooks and a real education system and people are really cared but those of course are things
that are on american down here all we care about here is like that old fart from hell and they'll
fear early bird dinner that's all we care sir you're the too bad i had a dump you because you said
crap you must have been thinking about the food that they're going to slap out of your plate over
there with all the old rascals too bad i had a dump him because he was the definitive thing about
what's wrong with his town and so many of us despise it like poison is the rotting festering
dreck like him dreck your dreck on two legs pal you can smell it right to your bag
here's a mobile in the gables hello mobile in the gables yeah yes yeah that's right i know what
i'm positive i'm a minister and i know i got created hell yes the stuff all the faggot okay thank
i'm a minister yeah doing a phone evo i'm a minister the stuff all the faggot yes stuff this
you should know a lot about stuffing pounds not even the Thanksgiving yet five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wildest line don't you love that when they do that phony
who no i'm a minister in the gables must he must be related to that school or loujac was talking
about the other one lost its nuts here's a mobile in west palm beach hello hey nil yes sir how's it
going great like fixed fabric to etch a question number one god didn't create hell we did and uh
what i'd like to to to to kind of suggest the people check out that movie what dreams may come with
uh robin Williams okay as a part in that movie where uh cuban did in jimmy says that hell is
probably not an actual place but hell is is a result of a person's life gone bad god did not create
hell there's nothing like it only human beings have done it and and i'm ten i go to church almost
you know as as often as i can but you know we we've been so indoctrinated as she as you call it a
lot and and there's just a lot of misleading things that are being said in the church today that
that is kind of ridiculous what what what happens in columbine is not is not a result of of
of a a key at time that child's time to go it was just a crazy bastard who came in and shot
of the whole place that's how i that's how i's i view the whole thing
mm-hmm thanks a lot now god bless you sir that's gonna make a lot of sense okay
yeah i love the way that the thing ends by the way if you let it go all the way through it ends
with i think oh it's just stop short it takes your breath away makes you want to puke up green soup
for weeks there's the movie that everybody should see okay if you want to realize what a
bunch of bull crap it all is demons and devils and angels and all the yeah how many angels can dance
on your record and start pull question today okay yeah how many angels can give you ahead i mean
that dance on a ahead of a pin and by the way we haven't had anybody yet who's out done will
still yet we had no guys calling claiming to a screw more than 20,000 women today only one i guess
of course i guess maybe god's got wheel chamberland because to take a look around us babe he screwed us all
22 to 1 at 560 wq and they Hank Goldberg show hey stop it coming up at two hopefully
Hank Scott has come back to his center Hank i guess this week is the last couple weeks it's
alternate days some days he makes a lot of sense and then other what was that do you hear that
and then other days like on the alternate days he starts to stick in his head and places where
don't belong like in any pope spectrum that was embarrassed yesterday come on Hank you know better
than that and pope has written a column that made any sense in 600 years
brand and like any pope you know he just a seen out old man spread him and say cheese
there paints i don't think i like you anymore
you used to watch me shave now you do stare at the floor on their penis i don't like you
used to be you and me a paper towel and a dirty man
that's how it needed to get back
now it seems things change that i think that you're the one who's lying there paint
i don't like you anymore he thinks there i mean i don't think i like you anymore
you
when you get to drink it you put me places i've never been before there right now i don't like you
why can't we just get a grip on our man the hand relation
and the terms are truly how we feel
if we put our heads together we just stay over ever there penis
oh and righty while you're shaving shave my whole
i
i'm so sorry five and five sixty wq m come along for all the hellraizers out there five six
seven oh five sixty she was also an ad to wasn't she an moby linda blare or the name of that movie
hell um you know the one i'm talking about what was it
pre-possessed no no not repossessed hell's uh oh
where she was running around who was running around niggas williams was running around naked in that
oh heavens gate no not heavens gate get out of here heavens gate and i didn't have it
is that what it was no that no that was not a night and heaven that was the one with christ
acons the male prostitute who was that whatever it was it was linda blaring williams
much remember williams from eight inches is enough what's wrong with you man get with it
what they enrolleur boogie corral spring hello hello uh Neil yes sir good afternoon sir how are you
i'm doing okay and joyous show very much every day of course um put a put a little light in my
day laughter a lot of question marks too of course yeah but i just want to say i just flew back
from once we all let's see the game last night oh i'm so sorry it was a sleeper yes
but i would get to the panthers win but i want to tell you at the end of the game and that one being
got hurt right i could not believe half of those people in that forum stick stuck around right
to see him how he was doing right when they when they lifted him up on the straight
gave him an ovation when they put him on the switch right he got was i mean i was so surprised
and then what they'll have seen with the michael urban situation i'm saying these people got a
lot of class right i'm like the answer with a little fear right it's amazing to see how the reaction
and you know this is a game it's not you know we're not a war and people applauded that he was okay
right you know i'm just you know the people here and the people there are like two different
people you guys i wasn't i i was born and raised in Montreal i've been living in florida for over 20
years and i go back every year just to get a you know breath of fresh air if you will right but
uh you know i wanted to mention that and uh you're bigger than you at st. you know okay i'm a good
day sir thank you so much just to then they're so fast you i'm just sitting here absorbing all
of the other good stuff well they're a little bit more civilized up there you know i'm saying uh
yeah i think you do unlike those animals and fill it off of you who are like you know everybody
even the stars that played their michael made anybody ever played and feel like well by the way
talk about getting boot out of town i don't want to mention who had a real real real bad game last night
i don't want to mention number 34 fees are fee i don't want to say that rub it in before
that he let in some bad goals on feeder bonders got a head trick for the flyers left for the
uh caps last night and of course he's a great player got a great shot all three goals greased
see these are when he was down here he'd give up on greasy goal again but now to fill it off he's
giving up two three four greasy goals again including the ones you gave the least in a playoff
last year i don't want bees what are going to boot his ass out of town real fast by the way you
heard it here for his roggy nielson's going to get fired this week five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line here's the mobile and naples hello i need all how you're
doing okay sir uh spires i can remember the statement that did help
i had to do a college current paper like nine million years ago on the call in invented hell yeah
well uh hear me out i had to do this uh terrible term paper we're doing study of mythology
as in religion yeah and uh apparently uh satan was an angel at the time he was like guy gods
right hand man and uh who wanted to uh move up and uh take god's place but uh when he found
there was no advancement he set up his own kingdom which was hell and of course god's kingdom was
heaven no no god invented heaven and hell no i don't know i'll hear me out now for then when
when god found and let me let me ask you this okay remember when god got pissed off at every living
creature on the face of the earth when things weren't going too good and then we had the flood
yeah that's on talk about no no listen to me okay yeah how come if he got pissed off and he
he eliminated or even all the children the babies the infants we have all the innocent people who had
nothing to do with this reason for being pissed off but things weren't going right how come he
didn't eliminate the devil that's on thing is there's like two separate kingdoms after after
these wall obviously god does want anyway they get the get the liberty and he had a bad angel he had
an angel who was like out of control okay why didn't you say poof go away all he did buddy i guess
he couldn't do it all the way they couldn't do it all the way and i would love to have a good
luck that okay thanks a lot Kyle woo heavy duty yeah five six seven oh five sixty it's called let's
rewrite history okay we know damn well let the god done it and pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless
line here's Miami hello me on my queen yes god hello are you okay man i need that to figure
from i've been missing the hell that TV show for when yes what can't you make someone to kind of deal
with some other TV station i don't want to make any deal to put crap like that back on your
your hands to look forward to that garbage making a laugh i think well made you laugh but it made
me cry because it was done very poorly and embarrassingly not well i mean if you're a real TV
station you know what i wanted to write i might consider it but uh i think i haven't watched
oh my god i didn't we've only been offered like almost a year on there
Miami got it sucks here's Hollywood hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir i have two versions why
why i always created okay okay first of all i think that hell was created by the church a long time ago
to civilize this uncivilized world a place where you would go if you were bad and so forth
it sure worked real well didn't that exactly okay and my second thing is is that just in case
hell is true oh j sandu she and Greg read are gonna need a place to go after we leave here
sandu she exactly and you left out wrong okay thank you sir
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight amine this is very amusing and very
humorous and that's fine because that's part of what the show is all about but we're very serious
here aren't we no are we seriously looking for answers this question about how come a god in
vetted hell if he's benevolent and loving and all this other stuff and how come you don't make
a god damn devil go away and give us peace and strength really oh it's all in god's plan well
i'll pass thank you if that's the kind of god that you want to believe in that plant all of this
oh yeah but that but all it man got free will she won't let it say all in god's plan the next
minute god's got free will well if it man got free will then what are you praying to god for he's
not gonna intervene air restatement they come up with is another contradiction and then they
turn another corner and another corner and all of a sudden you realize you're going around in a
big circle jerk yeah like a dog chasing its tail that's what they got you doing going around
in a big circle with double talk like al kelly pop pop pop pop pop yeah just double talk
here's a lady mobile in four-letter deal hello hello man yes man i thought about you on Sunday and i
told my husband when i was reading this article on the mind he held i didn't get a chance to
listen to you yesterday so if i'm redundant i apologize okay but did you happen to notice the
article in there of the preacher who um he has a following and they bring in their checkbook and
money and they created god to make the rich and millionaire no no you know the hell the huge
article and the guy was like jumping around he was doing the thing from Jerry and fire yeah show me
the money show me the money i love it yeah they were putting this stuff and i said to my husband
hi who looks i know he's listening i said if Neil doesn't if Neil does not rag on this on Monday i'll
be so surprised oh i hope somebody i hope somebody still got it maybe they'll send it to me
it was hilarious okay i mean i i'm practicing Catholic but you know that's my own personal thing
yeah i push it on anybody else but i believe me i could answer any of those questions my kids
are being brainwashed you have to school right now well don't don't let those priests practice on
any of your kids just let me forget that i have girls so i think i'm pretty safe
i said don't let those sisters pray out you know practice on any of your kids
but i can't answer any of those questions because some of them sound so foolish to me even to me i mean
i'm an intelligent person but you have everybody everybody's different and i don't push what i
believe on anybody it's yeah there you go i mean i think wrong with little free wine
have a great thank you dar i pray for you okay thanks freeway first free wine but like i've
told you before don't drink out of that challenge if the priest put his lips on it and you know
the priest often like dips his tongue in there too in the yeah that's what he does he dips his
tongue in there not necessarily in the wine oh oh god what a closet baby let me tell you something
okay this old bag here you guys in the church you're not fooling me maybe you're fooling some of
those naive heterosexual people out there you're not fooling me for a millisecond i'm on the
air be one of you god damn faggot's okay god there's a fact in the church right right
oh here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami hello yes sir i'm not mobile but here's a
stationary in Miami yeah nail this morning gold he says that when our schwarza gets back he's going
to replace this well yeah well you know it's like taking one statue out of the way at
least replacing it with with a darker one i don't know what does that what does that mean you see
Chris well last night they set him up melandie with a great pass all along the front of the
then never even got a shot away i know it's terrible even a remand though it was a little caustic
about that but maybe we can teach oh jay to skate and he could be burried protection okay give him a
machete instead of a stick sounds good to me and also the other was a god need your mind would have a
pair okay yeah if there was a god he'd be on some other team i'll tell you that oh robby don't
don't go away mad robby just please go away five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
18t wireless line there is a god because there she is yeah he's singing a john Henry fall
you know the one i want to be crazy i'm gonna sing that song but john Henry song nice song dr.
he's not up there and who gives a crap if they're real or not
that's for you Brittany okay that's from all your fan out there they're all yanking on it right now
but it's it's a one to two hour
father in law would you get off my butt if your daughter so perfect why she married such a putt
father in law you think you're better than me but i don't eat in cafeteria and i have cable tv
always wearing black shoes with for me here to short you can play the bad saddick
but you won't grab it in court you much swear in the movies too many songs at the beach
every one except for egg and should have been in the beach
yeah
father in law you like driving big cars and you hate eating music that has a good job
father in law you tell me i am a creep but i ain't clippin coupons every day of the week
i'm nothing like you don't go to the dog track and don't drink hot coffee when i eat a big
man you're starting my way i will not destroy her you're just gonna have to get over it
you need to marry a lawyer one or two and five fifty w and catholic church paying pregnant girl
to keep baby high and then London no less weeks after the Irish government the british government
i'm so sorry weeks after the british government launched the moral crusade to cut the number of
teenage pregnancies the aromen catholic church in scolana's revealed that is paying the bills of a
poor pregnant 12 year old to prevent her from having an abortion 12 year old girl and the
catholic church is paying her off to make sure she has the baby the announcement provoked a
furious backlash on monday from abortion rights advocates and renewed the debate about how to
curb british teenage pregnancy rates the highest in western europe we're talking of money being offered
to a child to keep a baby which removes choice since they're a colboran head of the national abortion
campaign offering 12 year old cash for babies is tantamount to bribery puned suit carol writer for
the newspaper the London daily mirror how do you like that uh paying off a 12 year old girl to
make sure she don't have an abortion so we can put another good catholic baby on the face of the
year they're in London which they need like the hemorrhoids but they need more spotted dick
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
yeah when they were doing a whimmelton i was in London spotted dick at the airport
in berg here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir how you doing Neil first color you want to know
white got created hell yeah so that people like you could call this show five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in south Miami hello
mobile in south Miami okay thank you okay we're coming right down to the bitter end now here's
pepper pines hello pepper pines yes sir how you doing i don't know if people are
going to want into a coma to scrub i don't know why are you on the full religion thing what is it
why are you on the full religion thing i got an interesting career yes sir when i was about 11
i was at a softball game with my uh church keep in score i scored a run that the other team didn't
think should have been so the two Christian teams got in a fist fight on a softball field all right
over a run scored in a game there you go sounds like northern Ireland to be all over again
most definitely i'm on my lunch i want to say hi to somebody if you'll mind okay go ahead
oh sorry is he gone five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's keep us game hello hey Neil yes sir uh you sound like a communist i mean if you don't believe
in god i mean if you don't see any boy scout troops over and uh cuba for cranial odd
and i i want to say that uh let me ask you something is it uh well what what brand you'd
drink in today for me five six seven oh five sixty i want to know if we should learn to officer you
know maybe a cheaper brand five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
pardon me i go no too fast for everybody okay all right put your teeth back in to by the way pal
people are starting to talk here's my me lake hello hello Neil yes sir that's a hard act to follow
no he's beautiful but i think i have a um i think i have an answer to your question white god created
uh help yes so that'd be good uh he created hell as a consequence from man's actions in other words
i remember when i was in college if i drank too much it was great when i was getting high but the
next morning i woke up with a hangover i thought to myself jeez i don't think i want to do that
anymore um in a ten commandments you with me right i'm listening okay okay the ten commandments
and more the i'm listening okay anyway the ten commandments what problem do you have with that
is that is that not a bad um order is it to follow in life or not what about this will not
commit adultery how many people are committing adultery um again that's what are the consequences
to that action you're gonna ruin a marriage you're gonna ruin a family maybe you can do that but if
you choose and didn't ruin well both chamberlain ever he was smart he never got married with twenty
thousand yeah anyway most of you guys are jealous okay that right now anyway you know it's
funny it's ironic the person like yourself very intelligent very bright guy very humorous guy
that's using you i mean what you're doing god is using me to get what yes to make sure that other
people open up their mind and realize how ridiculous the whole religion thing is and thank you god
that's one way to put it that's one way to put it yeah but if all the topics you choose you know
that people love the topic yeah and you know at some point yeah because they know that it's all a
bunch of bullcrap that anybody with a half a brain that's using it and wants to free themselves
from the brainwashing knows how silly it all is it's embarrassingly ridiculous well i think god
invented held up so there's consequence for our actions yes yes and is that why the born
again christians will tell you that if somebody like a Hitler would have accepted christ on his death
bed that he would have gone to heaven look what we got out of that i was gonna say that's who's
gonna say that's good you know to get into the politics politics i don't know forget about the
politics of it we're talking morality you know good bad evil consequences of your evil what what
kind of possible well what kind of possible incentive is there for there to be a good person
if you can accept some kind of fairy tale and go to heaven who says that person accepts the fairy tale
and goes to heaven if they're not that's what the born again christians tell us now i don't know i think
that i think that's debatable and i have a problem with somebody who says that you know i'm a
christian and i just killed six people and i yeah i know i'm going to heaven well there's only two
people who know that the person that's saying that and god and god yeah and you and i are gonna sit
back at judge who's right i don't know no we'll be in a boxes where we'll be sir when that day
comes we'll be in the box we'll be the other than people but have a great day oh
there has to be a consequence for actions don't you see the parallel between drinking too much and
keeping the grunts out don't you see the parallel between that and burning in the eternal lake of
fire because the lord is a god loving god
and everything is evil man everything is wicked everything you like whether it's you know
have it to go too many beers whether it's going out and getting laid everything that's good is evil
and you're gonna burn in hell if you do it that's right the s and m god there has never been more
s and m more twisted sick crap that in the evil book they call it the good book that you call it
the bad book the bad book says a poly crap
media is sick and the plot bad perhaps one of the most interesting words in the english language
today is the word out of all of the english words that begin with a letter f
is the only word that is referred to as the f word it's the one magical word just by its sound
can describe pain pleasure hate and love as most words in the english language is derived from
German the word flickend which means to strike in english falls into many grammatical categories
as a transit of verb for instance john f*** surely its meaning is not always sexual it can be used
as an adjective such as john's doing all the f***ing work as part of an adverb surely talks to
f***ing much as an adverb enhancing an adjective surely is f***ing beautiful as a noun I don't give a
f*** as part of a word absolute and loosely or in f***ing credible and as almost every word in a sentence
f*** the f***ing f***ers as you must realize there aren't too many words with the versatility of
f*** as in these examples describing situations such as fraud I got f***ed at the use carlock
this may all f*** it trouble I guess I'm really f***ed now aggression don't f*** with me buddy
dismissal why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself I'm sure you can think of
many more examples say it loudly and proudly f*** you all right one fifteen at five sixty w two
I'm so here's the word from my clearance pop albury will be evaluated before game time in Toronto
tonight so he actually could play tonight to at least want that to happen no just sit him out give him
the rest and the scott melody of course will miss the game tonight they had a concussion from
slamming it at the end words last night but maybe not as bad as everyone thinks it'll be evaluated
tomorrow they'll take a look at him and see how it goes may not miss that much time thank god
here's the crawl springs hello hello niel yes sir I can tell you who God is wherever invented how see on
yeah that's it that's who he is okay okay thanks laria with lyric king doing a voice
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless light please go see where we're
invented ecstasy they're all raving about it on the beach here's Fort Lauderdale hello yeah niel if
anyone doesn't believe hell exists they ought to go down to Miami yeah bottom line okay do I use my
nine millimeter of my nine iron why see you on the golf course five six seven oh five sixty pound
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line I think there's a message in there oh Jay
I think they're trying to convey it to you slowly but surely in your little slow on the
update they don't watch here oh man not just the way it is okay maybe in Pukipsi New York they might
not notice you too much okay maybe you get lost like on 12th street in downtown Detroit they wouldn't
notice you kind of blend in we just don't want your ass here and the rest of you are not too crazy
about either here's Miami hello hi niel yes sir no one talks about what a great game Trevor kid
is in playing for the last three days playing good is he going to be playing tonight no Sean
Bruce playing that I he's back from his home oh Sean Brooks heading to the gun right now what's
the situation with the piece lost oh a week from next to Tuesday two day to be on six what it's
gonna be on for next week no no week from next Tuesday to 26 to 8 p.m. oh great great okay pal see
you there see you there bye there you go that's you up then I'm glad he reminded me pizza lot has
been post-ball from back Tuesday and if you go over there you know he'll have said you nice meal
our good buddy ponytail but we're not going to be doing our thing there next Tuesday we had a
post-balled to make sure we get to repra-press disc then we don't want to go there and you know
put too much pressure on this whole thing we want to make sure we got all the good stuff and then
you know do what the best we can for center one in spite of the fact that this place yeah why even
rehash it you know it's just a lot of aggravation just a lot of aggravation a lot of source and a lot
of ineptness and a lot of incompetence and a lot of people who have been in this place who had no
business even being allowed in the door that's part of the problem people just like I told you
before many months ago stealing a paycheck every couple of weeks just wandering around just to go
into the motions and not do a good job moving that here's a mobile in Miami hello hey how you doing
okay sir I just want to come in a couple points first and all this given is going great even
this fascist it's so funny I'm sitting there I'm ready to go outside at night or a Friday and
whenever it was I flip on the TV while I'm getting dressed and I see this guy screaming free to leave
with a bat in the back freedom and yet they're preventing people from expressing their freedom to
like go to whatever concert they want yeah and uh how about you know they're always yelling
Viva Cuba Libre how about Viva Los Estados and Idris Libre how about that yeah you know I'm
I hate it when we get bunched up with this Cubans because this Cuban suck you know that's what I
hear yeah that's what I hear too but uh and then and then you know what I feel like the
Cubans are Westland I hear they're real busy but anyway but you know what this the I feel sorry
for the Cubans are in Cuba right now but for all this old Cubans that came over yeah they deserve
what they got they they had all the wealth they never spread the wealth around to the poor black
they basically kept this people like like as great as farm hands just cutting cane
you got doing doing nothing for them and you know they got what they deserved and now they're
over here whining and bitching yeah instead of ever trying to fix the problem I think of the
sensational if they we could send them all back right now and see just how they can fend for
themselves I think it would be great it'd be beautiful yeah it'd be beautiful send them back to
that then and the republic that the claim is so great and I'm gonna go home and start packing maybe
no cheese for misoos they get out of here okay thank you lot pal and of course you always need
a life raft so maybe you'll throw in a guayah bearer too five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile and tamara hello hey Neil yes sir how
you doing okay I yeah one to coin you got oh you have a love for hockey I saw a movie called
mystery Alaska yeah oh I saw the previews on that right you'll have a hockey players that's what I
hear it's really a good movie got good storyline and I heard that very good but great games I won't
spoil and tell you about it right it was great that's one thing I wanted to mention too a great show
I have a little personal experience what we legend can I share it with you sure I was having the
drugs alcoholic and new organized crime in a fall way and somebody shared with me about how it
changed life to take place if you put faith in Jesus and I did yeah I'm completely delivered and
that free and enjoying my life and enjoying my family yeah well I go and I'll just even do a
shot you can say something sarcastic I'm telling you about what I've went through and what he
did for me personally I haven't even said anything yet well I'm waiting I'm scared of your man
I just I just got your saying like Jesse Ventura said religion is a crutch per week minded people
obviously you had a problem I was a very strong will person yeah and but I was empty inside it was
a void inside my heart wasn't in my mind but you needed a crutch it's the best crutch I ever found
well it's worse for you great okay I mean it's a heavenly one okay more power to you sir thank you
go see the movie enjoy it and I'll pray for me and the omega code to see the omega code okay you're
not here so here's the guy that's calling in who's found Jesus but he still wants me to go see a movie
with the naked young hockey players thank you sir unless you will I'll pray for you mr.
Alaska he said it's pretty good even though George don't want to see it I'm telling you there's
got to be some hot chicks in there any movie that's got hot teenage hockey players he's got to
have some hot young chick's in there oh I know it's a hockey movie that's right I'm sorry always
look comes out on cable forgot about that by the way rumor has it that they're disconnecting the
game show channel from Bokeh Brian's cable no just to punish him for being such a sour post they're
taking off the game show channel and at that point he's just going to go home and end it all I
mean what's life without Alan love him you know I do love that bit but nobody in the audience
understands it in fact every time I play Alan Larian Burke it's like a command performance because
Bokeh Brian and I the only one who's old enough to understand it yeah it's a kid out of here
there yeah next will be next we'll have John Charles daily in here with door the ghost of
Dorothy kill gallon and Arlene Frances and Suppy sales and Bennett Thurff
here's the mobile in Miami hello hey Neil yes sir how you doing pretty good listen I'm about
that's how it pops my line what is it yeah yeah yeah I'm about the religion thing you know it works
that guy that's good but you know it's like if you look back on the Greeks and had all the gods
they had a god for everything oh yeah I know in fact the Greeks that was their favorite line was
oh god that's good stick it in there again exactly and so we look back on that we actually
study it in school now on what a forest that was yeah we're so big we call our god god right oh yeah
every every you know culture that comes along their god is the right one there you know it's
there only been about 45,000 gods throughout the ages and it's all a bunch of bull crab it's
fairy tales exactly fairy tales like like Jesse Ventura says it's fun for the people minded it's
fairy tales for weak people and if like I said to this guy if it does him some good if that's what he
needs that crushed Alina fine just don't try to plunder off on anybody else and use it as excuse
to condemn everybody else which obviously he doesn't right hey Jacko thank god bless him you know
what I mean right yeah go have that and and you know another thing but I'll go have added because
then he'll be really be in trouble and exactly it's just it's just crazy leave that to the
sparsers like Will Chamberlain they were having and all the wars that have been fought on over this
planet half of this over religion all more than that hey I would say religion or property
or money one of the other way you know the thing in Pakistan where they had the military coup
yesterday you do realize that the conflict between the Indians and the Pakistanis is all over
religion you do understand that too don't you say exactly exactly so it's ridiculous and if they
thought it all out of the world when they throw the dirt on you they throw the dirt on you
right and it's gonna happen to everybody and that's that's where we're all equal it should
treat each other nice we're all gonna quote and get over it and where the worms come after you
they're not choosing that's right have a great day and closing and closing I went out I went
off through great school with ponytail so if you ever want to know some stories I got him okay I feel
I feel later okay there you go we got ponytail by the short hairs if he's got any we try to
want to see but I just you know he's a great guy but I don't want to see him five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's Tamarack hello Neil yes sir good
afternoon listen that guy said not the one that just talked to you the one before he said he wasn't
to organize crime yeah yeah he must be Henry Hill now he found God up there all the good things
him I have done right right listen uh they are yeah sure listen uh for those of us who live in
Broward County and have media one services yes have great news so the end of November yes they're
closing their customer service offices here in Broward County in Papano Beach 200 employees will
be left without work and they're moving everything to Jacksonville so if you have an outage
you will be calling Jacksonville oh that's great and then Jacksonville will be relaying everything
down to you to Papano. Hi more great service from media one great uh why not what gets me is that
as usual like any other big American company mm-hmm they wait until uh close to the holidays or
during the holidays to fire uh least around 200 people without work. Happy thanks to you and
Merry Christmas and Happy Chanooka right right right well thanks for the good news they may not
be good but at least they're consistent yeah don't uh keep your dish on Neil it's on okay it's
cooking it's percolating have a great day sir there you go more bad news is the consumer once again
gets screwed and the little guy five six seven oh five sixty but God is looking out for us
I don't worry about it okay God will protect us against all these corporate giants won't he
no five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line now one person
yet has told us so why God invented hell is one person that any kind of a even semi intelligent
I pretty much had it what's that the incentive the threat of horrible pain and suffering to force
you to do the right thing I mean that's evil and sadistic what kind of a sadistic prick would do
that he wanted to show those angels Lucifer and the angel because that's where they're going to wind
up along with us uh-huh it's like these crazy religions to always say oh well you know when we
have some natural disaster oh in fact even in the insurance companies they got in their act of God
so that all you know he's pissed off at some a bunch of people but all the innocent ones that
get blown away their life doesn't mean anything either because he doesn't have good aim there are
no innocent people don't have good aim don't you understand he's got bad aim he's all these people
he's got bad aim so look out for God he's gonna get you if they're old jailed get you or God will
get you first oh jays got better aim is what I hear
just see who we're out the moon man with the holidays approaching and your entire family coming
over to visit you need to be ready oh man uncle George was that you that wasn't me that was your
sister that was George I was not actually think it was your grandmother kids when grandma let's
one go everyone knows it's not the light to make a big scene over it but how are you to know
hi grandma well with the all new old fart you can just mount the old fart apparatus in the family
room and when grandma rips one the old fart will blink ever so slightly just enough so that grandma
can't see it but everyone else knows oh my how much more pie says it idea save grandma the embarrassment
and pick up the old fart today 132 at 560 W 2
hey yeah or now broadcasting but on kill
during the commercial break calling reads this technical term of ceiling and service
don't help
vehicle at yourgef tire
and so what
the
So you think so bad, your mother, so sad, you feel so powerful, you break these bastards
you, this will be you, that will be you, in the Lord, your mama.
Oh, this is great.
I think I might do the whole show with this thing every day, this is fantastic.
Oh, I got to get away.
I think I like that one.
Everybody, it's a bird.
It sounds like those mafia important.
They know, a TV has no 60 minutes with their voices ready.
So they go, yes, yes, by those buttons.
Here is the Miami, hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Come on, who's that player?
Who's ready to make see book?
Okay, great.
Here's Homestead, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Touching the blurry, speaking in tongues now.
Yes.
You got that right.
What's your call?
With the old J thing, you know what my call?
This guy moves from California State to another state.
Yeah.
And he gets a job where he's earning X amount of dollars.
Uh-huh.
The state of California does that.
Well, that's the reason that he wants to come to Florida because they don't have a reciprocal.
There's something about the, the, they can't take his money.
Right, right.
It's like a catchpoint, too, where they can't garnish his wage.
Right.
So I think he's looking to open a knife shop over on 20 come to that.
That's what I hear.
And the other thing is he says it might not go, but he'll take a stab at it.
Got that right.
You think you got to make your sandwich by the way, to work as the clerk behind you.
There you go.
You think that place is bad to work for.
I got two words for you.
That's worse.
American Airlines.
Oh, yeah, I can imagine.
Have a good one, man.
Okay, thanks.
And watch out for those damn my hand grenades.
You got that right.
Okay.
Please roll your feet back from the door.
If placed on your hand for days, give me overhead before it takes off.
Thank you.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, this has been a hockey question for you.
I haven't heard any update on a Melan B in Buray.
Well, I'll give you the latest as of a half hour ago.
Buray is not as bad as we thought.
Thank God.
And he's going to be evaluated just before game time tonight.
And Melan B had a concussion, but not a real bad one.
And he's with the team in Toronto will not play tonight.
But they'll take a look at him again tomorrow.
So that's not as bad as we feared.
Oh, that's good here.
What do you think of the pants this so far this year?
Well, I'm defeated.
You can't do much better than that.
It wasn't very exciting game last night.
But you know, and then with the injuries, it was enough to tear your guts out.
But what's not to like you?
The whole question is can we keep them healthy?
That's true.
I'm fired up about the season.
How are you? Thanks.
All right.
There is a Panther fan.
How do you like that?
Oh, the only problem with this.
Oh, I see you got to shut it off.
Oh, because he will not...
Even...
What?
Even without passing the button sub-talks,
passing parts all over the place.
Here's the popular.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
We're in it.
Okay.
I'm listening, pal.
Speak up.
Speak up.
Hello.
We're in it.
Okay.
Thanks.
As if we didn't already know that.
56670560.
Come on.
Cut out what is crap.
It's a vibrating.
And pound five.
It must be multipurpose.
pound five 60 on the 1860 wireless line.
Here's four Myers.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You have a great show.
But you don't have no advertising whatsoever in four Myers.
Really?
Yeah.
I mean, I found your skill.
Almost sent somebody a spare spot from over here to four Myers.
I mean, and I'm paying...
Thanks as you've got about 40 minutes of spots.
You'll be having a ship over there today.
I'm paying for this call from four Myers.
And it's like a ridiculous car.
Yeah, but the good news is that our...
We've already ordered the 800 number and starting in just a few days ago.
Oh, yeah.
I heard that before.
No, seriously.
But listen, I called you because I was talking about...
I was thinking about that...
Hey, something you were talking about.
And I was in a Navy for four years.
Yes, sir.
And like, when we had the cross international deadline,
we had to do this thing called Wog Day, where they had like...
They had guys...
We had to walk around...
If you've never had the craft before, you had to walk around
or your underwear and had other guys beat you.
And look over the side of the ship and while you're busy beating,
you had to call for flipper and stuff like that.
Oh, right.
And then the top it off, we had this contest called the sea...
The sea bitch contest.
Yeah.
And they had a guy from each division dressed up like a woman.
And like, we were out to see for already like 50 days.
So I mean, these guys already look like, you know, women to begin with.
Oh, one hand.
Oh.
It's like, don't ask, don't tell.
But I mean, they had like the real baby and they had...
I got, you know, the biggest fatest guy in a ship.
A lot of factory going on out there with those semen.
No, no, no, no.
I never went down on anything hard.
You know, far and full of semen.
What are you guys?
We believe you.
Okay.
Have a great day.
You two, baby.
You and the will.
Will for still.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
Here's Margate.
Hello.
Yeah, first time caller.
Yes, sir.
Before I'm going to touch about the religious thing.
Every time I talk to somebody about religion, they're so into it.
They can never answer any of my questions.
Like, you know, God was everywhere in the beginning and now...
They talk, they talk double talk.
They go, but they wouldn't want it like that.
Yeah, they don't, but they still, they got that fat thing going.
So I can't, are you with them there?
Good for them.
On the panthers, I'm watching the game last night.
Not the panther game.
But another one, I see some guy in the ground for 15 minutes.
I don't see one clip of what happened.
So eight plus for those guys in the, uh, whatever crew that they're in because they suck.
And, uh, third thing.
What would you mean by that?
I'm thinned your cat.
The game that was on last night was the flyers and the camps.
Well, I'm a flyers fan, but I didn't see the game on the last night.
I can understand why you're reluctant to admit that.
Yeah, I'm no longer a fan, actually.
We're so bad.
We haven't spent money on anybody.
Nice one, Beezer.
He let it in a bit.
Five greasy goals last night.
Nice one.
That's what my pops told me.
But, uh, not.
They didn't show a clip of the guy that, you know, Melanie gets nailed and they don't show for 15 minutes.
They show them on the ground dying, but I don't see a clip of what happened.
It just, you know, it pisses me off.
Well, nobody hit him.
He just lost his, he just skated to a run.
Yeah, God hit him and he went down.
God hit him and he just went right into the board.
You know, I'm sure.
That one was, uh, got frog gods.
Well, no, I mean, I'm watching games sometimes and there'll be a fight going on.
And the camera guy isn't even following them.
They're just, uh, Florida's really bad when it comes to that.
Very thing.
I haven't, I haven't been late in a while.
And, uh, starting to think about going gay, you know, find a nice guy, maybe watching football, get some head.
Yeah, I don't think so.
You know, it's all like the type 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
He's thinking of going gay.
Gray, I think, maybe I think you look the litter out.
Can't beat that gator me.
There's something wrong with our TV.
Our crew from director is a fan.
I asked him what was so ugly.
But he ran us out to duty, I'm gay.
And then he's like, I'm a high school kid.
I want to be a high school kid.
Poor baby, he was wondering why no one ever talked to me.
He was family, and sketchy-linked, and he said we will get you to this week.
We have a program to let you guys.
We have a program to let you guys.
So anyway, thank you so much to the name of the movie was Hell Night with Linda Blair.
And, uh, who did I say it was?
It wasn't William, it was Vincent Van Patten, that was in that movie.
So sorry.
Running around naked to the home movie.
How could you forget that?
Here's a mobile in Miami Lake.
Hello.
Hello, Miami Lake?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
Neil, first time I'm a caller, I enjoy your show.
All right.
Really, breath of fresh air.
Yes, it is.
Can I change this subject just a little bit?
Anything you like, sir?
Okay, thank you.
Just watching, seeing in, Janet Reno is on, I don't know if she's on now, but she's on discussing the aid to Columbia.
And this money that General, or the President, Pastrana, apparently wants $1.5 billion.
Yeah, this war on drugs or whatever.
Of course.
You know, I married to a Columbia for 23 years, spent a Columbia many, many times.
Right.
That goes there six months ago.
And as nice as the people are, as beautiful as this country is, this is a farce, really.
I mean, this is a 1.5 billion that he's asking for of our tax money to go down and try to find a war that is really ridiculous.
Of course.
I feel powerless.
I've wanted Donald Trump somewhere.
Well, I don't care if people are starving.
We have kids without textbooks in schools, and we're going to give a billion and a half dollars away as part of this ongoing farce.
This, this, this dog and pony show they keep putting on for the war on drugs.
Oh, that's ridiculous.
In fact, I was just in Columbia about six or eight months ago, I guess.
And we were discussing this, this is still called war on drugs with the people who were there in Columbia.
Right.
They're laughing at us.
I mean, they, they mean, they're actually laughing at our government for the, I got a naive idea.
Or whatever you want to call it, of any kind of money.
They just had the piece on 60 minutes.
They're a weaker to a goal about all the money that they've already spent, and about how they went down there in our, our CIA or whoever our defense department,
when and trained all these soldiers, and about all the efforts that have been made.
And it, it's a waste of time.
Yes.
As soon as they get rid of one guy, they got other drug lawyers.
It's meaningless.
I mean, that's absolutely nothing.
So I don't know, I don't know what we can do as, as, I mean, it, you feel somewhat powerless because it's not in our hands.
I mean, we're not talking about a million dollars for this or a minute.
This is 1.5 billion, right?
With a B.
And it is a scary thing when you know that they're sending that kind of money to fight something that's basically,
I mean, when are we going to,
No, no, that fight's fun.
You have the F-Rite, but they're fun.
No, they're funding the bureaucracy that exists for this phony war on drugs.
It's a multi-billion dollar bureaucracy, which is just a farce and a total fraud.
Well, and like the governor of Mexico said last week, it's long overdue that we started decriminalizing drugs,
and dealing with this as a health problem, not a criminal problem.
Absolutely.
Absolutely, when civilized countries.
And I think when the American people wake up to that fact, it hopefully will either elect people like a Jesse Ventura,
or someone who, who have the, at least, common sense, which is never the rule of thumb in Washington.
Common sense to say, hey, this is ridiculous.
And I'm not saying that Colombians are corrupt, but there is a tremendous amount of corruption on the higher levels.
So this kind of money doesn't trickle down to where it's supposed to go.
It just is wasted money, wasted tax money, and it's, you know, I just, I saw her on the CNN,
10 minutes ago, I thought, you know, I got a call and say something.
It's just ridiculous.
We have to wake up in this country.
Okay, I have a great thing.
Thank you.
What are you battling about?
The Colombians are corrupt.
He said he didn't want to say the Colombians are corrupt.
Yeah.
The Colombians are corrupt.
Well, so we know, but it's the point.
I mean, there you go, pick it on more Hispanics again.
Anybody but the Cubans, okay?
Thank God we don't have no corrupt Cubans here.
First of all, you think about them.
Yeah, let's pick on a Cubans.
Leave the Colombians alone.
Okay, they can't help it.
They're ugly.
Oh, here's the fact from Al Gorelstein telling us he's going to be in town.
Yeah.
We don't care about that.
We like you, Al, but we don't care.
You're not as important as you think you are.
Although we do love that apartment in Amsterdam.
We never would go there.
Clean it up a little bit.
Maybe we'll go there sometime.
Get that toilet all cleaned up there.
What a mess.
What a slob.
Here's Pepper Pine.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm going to have a chance to talk to you today.
I'm going to have a chance to talk to you today.
I'm going to have a chance to talk to you today.
I'm going to have a chance to talk to you today.
I'm going to have a chance to talk to you today.
I'm going to have a chance to talk to you today.
I'm going to have a chance to talk to you today.
I'm going to have a chance to talk to you today.
I just want to disagree with the regime.
Right.
The only claim that he ever committed there was disagreeing with the regime of Castro.
Right.
I guess that anybody that went to that is entitled to go and demonstrate also.
I didn't.
But I think that everybody is entitled to their own opinion.
I didn't have anybody that anybody that has to empathize on.
First of all, you're supposed to have a permit to demonstrate.
That's number one.
And number two, under any circumstances, with or without a permit,
you're not entitled to spit at people to throw rocks and bottles and batteries
and people and try to intimidate them.
That has nothing to do with the freedom here.
And is that the very kind of repression?
The very kind of repression?
