Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show
to talk to Neil called 567 0560 toll free for data-broward
or count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read out the position or is easily brought down.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts. I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Listen to me. This is Standbine's team for sofa king. You understand?
Where everything is held to the high sofa king's standards.
The selection isn't just huge. It's sofa king huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And sofa king's price is not just low. There's sofa king low.
You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me.
When I say sofa king as a beautiful store, I mean sofa king beautiful.
When I say standbine's helpful, I mean sofa king helpful. Listen to me.
Get to know the sofa king and enjoy a selection that's sofa king huge.
A staff that's sofa king, courteous and pricey, that is sofa king low.
You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it from me.
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You said it Frankie. So fucking good.
Okay, 10.1 at 5.60 W.Q.A. and I'm laughing. I'm back and I'm laughing.
Oh, man. You know what?
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Yeah. That's John Henry by the way, just in case you didn't recognize the voice because who the hell would.
That was the amazing John Henry. Nice going John. Nice going baby.
Oh.
One of the many outrageous and unacceptable things that happen.
I'm away for a few days and I come back and it's, uh, God.
All of these things, you know.
They have a knife for Matt Mantye.
One of the only popular players on a team that nobody knows that nobody cares about.
They have a knife for them at the ballpark.
They're going to give away 20,000 pins with this picture on it.
The first 20,000 people who come in, which of course is a wasteful thinking because they only had a little under 18,000 come in.
But nevertheless.
And what do they do on the day that they're going to have this event that night?
They trade them.
All right.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Yeah.
Not that anybody cares about this stuff, but it's just so typical of all the crap that goes on in this town.
Nice to know that nothing has changed in just a few days.
Not that it would.
By the way, Mayor penis belongs in jail now.
I'm going to tell you that.
I'm going to be the one voice in this town that's going to tell it like it is about this.
Fony baloney.
Oh, yeah. This young guy comes along.
He's not part of the establishment right.
Own lock stock and barrel by the so-called downtown power structure.
He should be in jail.
How many fraudulent elections do we have to have?
How many lies?
How many subversions of the public will that we have to have?
Before this man is either impeached, thrown out office or is asked to be in jail?
Oh, yeah.
Now, Mayor penis.
Come back yesterday.
Get off the airport.
Everything goes just fine.
Zoom through customs.
The guy at passport control, a big fan of mine.
Everything's great.
Pay to get out of the parking.
No problem at all.
Get out there in a highway and instead of taking the palm metal which got forbidden,
I decided to go up 95.
So go and eastward on whatever that is the dolphin to on 112.
That is.
And all of a sudden I see all this traffic backed up in front of me.
What the hell is going on here?
Who are these people?
And why are they backed up in my own front of the table?
So I got my quarter handy.
Ready to pay my toll.
And all of a sudden I realized that there's a big sign that it says 50 cents.
And I thought 50 cents and I reached in another quarter out no problem.
I can handle the 50 cents.
But it dawns on me that I didn't hear anything about this.
And it also dawns on me that the reason that this traffic is all backed up
and these people who wonder ideal circumstances in this town can't drive their finger up their rectum.
They're all confused like, oh, we don't know nothing about this.
And now they're reaching their feel in the change.
They're looking for it.
They're counting it.
They're squeezing it.
And the first thing I said, I said to John, you know something, this is part of a scam.
There's no question in my mind what this is all about.
To piss off the springness at the last minute on the people who are here now,
which most of the people are out of town.
Thank God for them.
But the people who are here now are the ones who are going to vote on this bogus election July 29th.
And to piss them off enough so that they'll pass that penny sales tax.
Because there is no other way in the world that they would do this.
So the timing of these things has been coordinated to piss off the public.
So I'm watching my news this morning.
And they actually come right out and said it.
I forget if it was on 7 or 10.
I was channel serving because they all suck.
And one of the news reporter type 10 year olds they had out there.
She's saying, well, you know, Mayor Alex Penis of Dave County,
he's hoping that the motorists will be agitated enough
that this one up make them vote for that penny sales tax,
which of course then these tolls will go away instead of going up eventually to 75 cents.
And I'm picking it myself only here.
I had this all I had to do was see what was going on there in the road.
It took me about 30 seconds to figure out what this was.
And then they're saying, oh, yeah, but for the last two weeks they've been disseminating all these pamphlets
and brochures about warning public about this.
Did we hear anything about it before I went on vacation?
No.
No.
No.
If I seen any of those pamphlets or brochures.
No.
No.
You know what this reminds me of?
It's like when the FBI was telling us a couple of years ago about how they distributed those thousands
and thousands of leaflets with Andrew Kannon and picture warning everybody in the gay bars and so on.
He was seen in South Florida.
And nobody ever saw him.
Did they?
No.
No.
No.
Same thing.
And the public, I'm going to tell you, a few people rule over for this one.
And you deserve no matter what they do to you.
And what a shock by the way that the Harold, the Harold thinks this is a great idea.
Mayor Penis has got something in there for everybody.
Right in the reddit to Alice Morning.
It's just astonishing how people can be so passive to sit back and let them stick it to you over and over again.
And the same Harold, by the way, which helped to put the metro rail over 20 some years ago, whatever the hell it was.
And then turned around and you're too late to call it a billion dollar boom doggle and laughed at you in the face.
Now they want to do it again.
That's right.
What's wrong with that penny sales tax so we can have more metro rail and more buses and more bull crap.
It's just amazing how you can go away, forget about 10 days.
You can go away for 10 years and come back here and nothing changes.
Absolutely positively nothing changes.
The same banana boat assholes keep running this town.
Everything is the same.
And by the way, I wasn't aware of this word.
Hell is it.
I've only got 50,000 different things here that I want to do today.
About the election, about the opponents of the election have gone to court.
Oh, here it is.
It says voters are expected to go to the polls July 29 to cast ballots on Mayor Penis's plan to repeal the polls on the four roadways in exchange for an increase in the local sales tax from six months.
And they have to seven and a half percent.
Fores of the plan have sued the county's elections department asking a judge to stop the election on the grounds that the ballot language is ambiguous false in this leading.
Oh, they're not doing it again.
Are they?
Like he did with the goddamn Mickey Erison thing.
To get that thing through there after he got elected lying to the public in this county saying that they were not going to get into bed with Mickey Erison.
And they wouldn't put up any public money to build on that goddamn American Airlines arena.
Oh, yeah, but Mickey's going to put up the money.
But in the meantime, the vote of the people of the day counted the taxpayers are the ones that are going to have to pay to subsidize it for as long as it's going to be there.
And the first thing he does is a hundred and eighty we turn around on that live the public and they put that on the ballot again.
If you're for it, you vote no.
If you're against the vote, yes.
And so here we are a very, very, deviously time to election coming up on July 29.
It's just two weeks from this Thursday.
Just coincidentally, just a couple of weeks after they piss off all the motorists who are here with these increases on the tools and jam the traffic all up.
And right on the news, they're saying, oh, the mayor hopes the motor that you're all pissed off isn't that great.
So you'll vote for his penny sales tax.
Whoever heard us such a thing.
We're talking about crazy people in this town to go along with this garbage.
And I don't know, I don't have the wording, but I'm sure that somebody in this audience probably does have the wording on how this is going to be on the ballot.
What other somebody on here? Hello?
Hello there.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Okay. I'm the gentleman who filed the suit.
Right on the ballot language.
Would you do me a favor and hang on a minute?
Sure.
Okay, I don't want to because I got to do the brick and then I want to talk to him at length.
Because like I said before, if I'm the only one in this town that's got the co-host to get on here and scream and how are about this these next to two and a half weeks, I'm going to do it.
It's time to say to the goddamn so-called downtown power structure.
Not with this bullcrap enough fixed elections and a fake bullcrap misworded elections.
Enough defrauding the public.
Mayor penis you belong in jail.
As I'm sitting here with my fat ass in his chair, you belong in jail right now.
Along with goddamn Xavier, Suarez and Amberto Hernandez and all these other thieves that are raping Dave County, you belong in F&J right now.
Don't forget Regolato.
Okay, Tomas.
No mass Tomas.
What's the name of these breaks by the way?
1014 at 560 here. It's a joke.
So anyway, this is the Dave Slater that I'm talking to.
Yes. Okay.
I'm the gentleman who filed the suit on the ballot language while you were on vacation, unfortunately.
Anyway, just to go over the point of that, if you want me to, then I want to go over to what's going on here.
The point of that they can only file and they can only do 75 words in the language.
So they said all the expressways and they said, well we can't name all the tolls, otherwise it will go beyond 75 words.
So I said to the mayor directly, I said, one just changed word all to four.
No answer on that.
As far as the 1000 miles, even the Metro Data Expressway Authority, Miami Data Expressway Authority says it's false.
It's a 300 mile deal over the next 20 years, not 1000 miles.
And there's 15 million bus miles.
That's also the full of people.
They won't say how many buses are going to double.
This is the same stuff as you reiterated we had 20 years ago.
Right.
Okay. Who was the county manager 20 years ago?
Merritt Steerheim, the same loser they brought back this time.
All right. I have to say anything further.
There are other alternatives to getting funding other than paying a sale tax.
And they can take the toll boots down and not even tax the public.
But you know where most of that money is right now.
There's about $350 million a year that's not being used.
The visitor convention tourist bureau.
You know who holds the head of that?
Who headed that before becoming the county manager?
Not Merritt Steerheim.
Yes, sir.
Wow.
$350 million.
They collect...
Sure, it smells bad to me.
3% they collect the bed taxes.
You know how much the visitor convention bureau gives to date county roadways?
They give back the transit, zip.
Yeah.
They give nothing back.
They throw all these lavish parties and everything else.
They want more tourists to come down to use our roads.
But they donate nothing.
All right. Now how is this thing going to be worded on the ballot?
Is it going to be one of these back-ass things again that if you're for it, you vote no.
And if you're against the vote yes?
No, it's word to correct it.
If you're for the tax, you're yes.
If you're getting taxes no.
Isn't that something? That's the same way to them.
All right. But they said again, there's 75 word limitation.
Eliminate the word all put for.
Under mayor of Penelope's plan, if this tax...
How is it all... how can it say all because it doesn't include the turnpike,
which is a state road, which we all know?
That's right. That's what I'm saying.
That's why we took it to court.
They've got to change it to four or named the expressways with the tolls of being eliminated.
What a lot of people don't know that the ordinance is so-called plan is 275 pages long, Neil.
On the part of the plan with that sales tax money is to build two more expressways through central date.
I guess what the expressways are going to have.
Tolls, yeah. Exactly.
Right. So we're only going to lose two tolls totally.
What the mayor should have been going for is after the state, the turnpike has been paid for long ago.
Why isn't the tolls eliminated on the turnpike, where since Hurricane Andrew, the traffic pattern,
the people are back to for hours at those toll plots.
And they're going to be paying a buck at a quarter.
And the turnpike, by the way, was paid for years ago.
That's right. The original deal on the turnpike,
it was only supposed to have a toll until the construction ever was paid for years ago.
That's right. That's right.
Other things, they want to build metro rail.
They want to build people with a metro rail all the way along north to the 27th Avenue.
You know what that's for? For pro player.
Are we going to have baseball there next two or three years? Of course not.
No. When they build this metro rail ten, fifteen years ago,
the marbles we playing somewhere else, they're not going to be playing with you.
They might be nuts. Yeah.
And then the other thing is, what's the big kept secret here in the Tri-County?
Is a Tri-County rail system?
Do you know those two mining national airports?
Yeah. So somebody called me, I didn't know them until a couple days before I left for vacation.
That was me.
Oh, that was big cut. That's right.
All they've got to do is add the only one in this town that cares about anything as the rest of these people are in a coma.
They are in a coma.
I mean, seriously, how can you have a community where the mayor comes out and says,
I hope you're all pissed off now so I can get you to vote for my penny sales tax.
Well, what kind of a, it's like slapping everybody in the face saying,
I really hope I screwed up your weekend or your day or your life,
and that you're really forming at the mouth and pissed off about sitting in a miles of traffic.
And now maybe I can get you to do something that if you were rational and not so pissed off, you never would do anyway.
There is so much money in the visitor convention bureau budget.
And if you hit all the tourists, everybody who has, you know, who rents a car at two dollars,
certain tax, you can raise $30 million.
If you go to the seaport, the people who are taking the cruises, they'll spend $1,000,
by the way, Javier Soto told me personally, you know, that the whole place, the entire budget here is controlled.
And you mentioned one of the people is by the cruise industry and the visitor convention bureau
have more control and more money to budget than the Metro date commission.
Now everybody who takes a cruise, there's 25,000 people a weekend, they'll let trends,
they go between the airport and the seaport every weekend.
If every single one, they pay an average over $1,000, what's the big deal if they're paying $1,000 and 10?
Let's hit them with a transit tax.
We don't need federal approval for that.
And so you can collect $250,000 a weekend.
That's another $30 million a year.
Now here's the biggest surprise.
Miguel Diaz de Portillo told me, and he's against the tax, said that the FAA has $400 million in funds
that they can have to improve all the roadways.
This is part of when you buy an airplane ticket.
This is part of when you're already paid around Miami National Airport.
All the expressways leading into the airport, $400 million is available to the county
and all we have to do is ask.
It's our money.
Nobody's answering.
Instead, everyone wants to tax everybody.
When your rents are going to go up, your utilities are going to go up, everything is going to go up.
Even the poor people who are renting apartments, their taxes are going to go up.
It's not just going to the store across the board.
And I, as a businessman, I'm going to pass that tax on to the people I deal with.
So everybody's going to hear what a big price increase that they don't seem to realize that there isn't a regressive situation.
I'm against the toll clauses.
I think they should be eliminated.
We can eliminate them right now and we don't have to have the penny sales back.
They're also not telling you that in the year 2020 they have a budget.
That's already planned to build everything they want to build and the money will be there.
They don't need this.
This is just extra money.
And when's the judge going to rule on your suit?
I was supposed to have a hearing hopefully today.
I'm waiting for Richard Freeman to find out from the judge.
And I hope she listens to it.
But I'm not against the people voting for it.
Right now, I'm against that ballot.
The way it's worded.
Once we're corrected and the people can make an intelligent choice, then we're going to campaign.
And given the truth, there's money out there.
There's plenty of money in you.
They don't need the tax to people.
They don't need these toll clauses up.
And if they would go to the state legislature and start fighting the term-pipe people,
eliminate those things that they're building.
More and more, that'll stop it.
The other big problem you're going to have, they haven't seen any of it yet.
Southwest Broward, where you live, you're actually in sunrise.
Southwest Broward, you drive 9.75.
If they can, they tend to look like a picnic.
The way the building is going on.
All those people come down, I-75.
They dump on the term-pipe, but they dump on the palmetal.
None of these transit issues even addressed that.
If the mayor had any gumption, he'd go to the state and say, hey guys,
at I-75 in the term-pipe we've got a halfway interchange.
When we build a full interchange, we can diverse some of the traffic onto the term-pipe going the other way.
And it's going to be a mess.
Give it another 10 years, no matter what tax you put, it's not going to help in a situation like this.
The fact that Southwest Broward, because all those people come at the date.
Okay, good luck Dave. Keep up.
I appreciate it. Thank you.
Okay, I don't see any interest, but you know, and like I said before,
the 20th of July on a Thursday, do we ever have elections on a Thursday in this town?
No.
In the middle of the summer out of nowhere.
And obviously they knew about this toll increase ahead of time.
So they very, as I said before, incidiously a plan to thing, so that they piss everybody off.
Oh yeah, well let's get rid of these tolls now.
It's up to 50 cents and it's going up to 75.
Let's get that penny sales tax and get these toll booths down because they're destroying our lives.
Only in this town, only here.
I'm not saying that there's no corruption, and there are plenty of corruption to go around everywhere,
but this place is set like a new standard for it.
Unbelievable.
But anyway, be that as it may.
Glad he called because you see that nobody else gives a crap about it.
You didn't get any calls on it last week?
On this thing?
Yeah.
Oh no.
Because nobody knew about it.
Nobody knew one thing about it.
Oh yeah, we were handing out all these brochures.
You know something, they hand out brochures all over the place.
And when they hand about, you know what you do.
The same is the brochures that come in your FD&L bill or your phone company bill every month.
They go straight in the old can is where they go.
And you could tell yesterday and drive it on that one 12 on the airport expressway
that nobody had any idea what that was going on.
All morning long this morning on every newscaster showing all these poor confused bastards on 836
and all the other three expressways.
Haven't got any idea what else going on.
So there if we can't get it illegally just like it's always been done.
The first metro rail election was fixed.
I told you that years ago it was fixed.
They were losing until one in the morning and all those votes from homestead came in
and supposedly put them over the top like anybody with a brain at homestead
would want the metro rail that doesn't go within 30 miles of homestead.
How long is the corruption and the crap that it go on in this town and the herald
and Nikki Harrison all these downtown bastards going to manipulate day county.
I wouldn't be surprised if this doesn't piss off the public enough to get that thing voted through there.
Maybe Mayor penis can go to those old Cuban constituencies
and tell them they can all sit down there in the roads and block off the highways.
Unless you promise you a vote for the penny sales tax.
How would that be?
Let's give that a shot.
Chess keeps screwing up people's lives and screwing up people's lives
and more and more and more taxes.
In the meantime this is a county by the way that's a nearly bankrupt with a major city
and it is already bankrupt.
But other than that, how would you like to have the billion dollars that they wasted on the metro rail
to take care of expressways and the buses in the day county right now?
Anybody like to have that?
Yeah.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Hey, no, I don't.
Okay, sir.
Hey, you know, I might not make much sense, but I tell you that Thursday is also
and I know a lot of people head down the keys.
That's the 28th and 29th, they're hoping to minlobst her many seasons.
Yeah.
A lot of people are going to be out of town because they'll be down in the keys and we're also a lobster.
And I mean, that's a huge thing down here.
And stop and think about this, okay, because they pick a time of the year when most people are on vacation.
Right.
People are going to things like you're talking about.
And the only people who are here are the ones who are not experiencing all the frustration
of having to pay the extra tolls on these expressways now.
So let's piss off those people.
The rest of the people won't be here anyway.
And we'll hope that enough of these people will vote and vote they can put her over the top.
That's right.
It's like looking through a panic blast.
This thing is so transparent.
That's right.
And Austin, did you notice after this last Cuban boat lift mishap that's now the police are saying,
hey, if anybody comes out, we're going to, now we're going to arrest you.
Now we're going to, it's going to be a disturbance and so on and so forth.
You know, this is all great app to the fact that they're going to do it now.
A little bit late, isn't it?
Yeah, a little bit late.
And our politicians are police force.
I'll tell you, sometimes you wonder.
Okay, pal.
Good luck.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
I see by the way that they finally discovered the book by Charles Temple and farewell to God that we've been counting for almost two years on this show.
The Sun Sentinel.
I mean, what goes on is establishment the manipulation of the public brain if they got one in this town.
It's so astonishing.
It's so blatant.
I'm looking through my weekend papers when we get back yesterday.
And here's yesterday's Sun Sentinel.
And on the book review page, here's a nonfiction ex-evangelist dumps god.
There's a picture of Charles Temple and farewell to God.
A book of great book that we've been recommending on this show.
I've got only notice how many of these copies I've had sold to this book.
You want to go to Canada to get it when they had a call up there or get it through off the internet.
But now for some reason, finally they've broken down and the US of A has allowed this book to come into our country.
They figure that the world isn't going to come into women if we have Charles Temple and his books on the bookshelves in America.
So who does the Sun Sentinel have right to review this book?
Do they have one of their regular book review people write it?
No. They have James Davis, the religion editor, writing his scathing review of ex-evangelist dumps god of farewell to God.
In the end, he says farewell to God is unconvincing.
And everything you read in here, forget about it.
It's like it would be like reading a priest review of the Catholic Church.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
Same old tired crap like I told you before, over and over and over again, because you've got a handful of people manipulating public opinion.
God forbid that they should tell it like it is.
That this is a fascinating book that you ought to go out there with an open mind and read from a man that used to be like Mr. Hot Shot Evangelist.
The religion editor they have reviewed in the book.
Just, oh, it just makes you weak. It makes you wonder, why did I come back here?
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
How's Matt Mantai doing?
Oh, Matt!
Here's the gaggy sucks, okay?
He's panthered tight, his teeth are burning white, but their obsession with them is a disgrace.
He thinks it's all an anaconda long, or their bedroom walk is plastered with its face.
He makes some drops.
Yeah, all that teeny bumps when he's held his pump and lie there, rebounds sage.
Sure, he's a star, but I don't care what he is.
And if you think I'm just jealous, that's okay.
Don't get me started on Ricky and Ricky Martin.
He might just lose a lot of fans.
Because if he gets me started on Ricky and Ricky Martin, I might tell you he really loves a man.
Oh boy, 1031 at 560 WQ, I'm not telling you one thing. I'm just in the state of shock.
I just got some of the most horrendous grotesque news by Fax.
Oh, what did I tell you about the Fat People, George?
The Fat People are the dead people. Who now?
Here's a Fax from my friend Adam who used to sit next to me at the panther games a couple of seasons ago for two or three seasons.
We had a little group there in 106 at the old arena.
Oh, this is just shocking.
It's a South Florida lost one of its few two hockey fans this weekend when Andy Crawl formerly a section 106 of the Miami Arena and more currently section 119 in the National Car Yenta Center.
And in alumni of U of M, suddenly passed away. He was 35 years young.
And he was fat.
And while maybe he had a few beers during the games, he was one of the few bright spots of the panther games from all his brothers in section 119.
We will truly miss him. It will never be the same goal. It will pant his your dolphins game without him.
Andy had a kind heart. I always had a soft spot for you. What says we talked about you daily when you said next was brought us a lot of great memories.
And oh boy, says Andy, we salute you and in your own words. Thanks for coming. When people would leave early, thanks for coming.
He didn't have maybe a few too many beers by the end of the third period. He'd be a little red in the post, but he was a good guy.
And he actually knew a little something about the game, which was unusual. And he's dead.
35 years old. And he's dead. Just passed away suddenly is what it says. Because he was fat.
Boy, that's the impressive.
I've been back here. And by the way, where's my paycheck? I don't want to get started on a whole bunch of these different things.
But let's start taking care of these things one at a time. Okay. Is Miriam here?
I think so. Yes. I didn't see her, but I was told she was seen. Yes. Greg's not here.
Well, I don't give a rat's ass about him. I couldn't care if he's here or not.
That check was due on Friday today is Monday. So you know, I was on vacation on Friday.
I wouldn't expect to have it on Friday because I wasn't in town. But you come in on Monday just like any other place you go to vacation.
But by the way, here's your check from when you were away that we do last Friday.
Just checking because the last couple of times it's been nip and tuck. And they're starting to slack off a little bit more, a little bit more here at measly read broadcasting.
Where they just can't get you paid on time, including all the people they owe money to the people they do business with, the people that work here, the people that work part time, et cetera.
And so on. They just can't quite get the job done. Because that's the way they do everything.
By the way, here's this is beautiful. My name is Damien Soto. I'm a big baseball football and basketball fan.
I would like to come on your show live and talk about the future of the Marlins. No. And what? Yeah. And where they are with this revenue issue.
No. I would also like to talk to you about the future, Mr. Dumbrowski. No. And if he should remain. Don't you understand? I don't give a rat's ass about the Marlins. Damien. Don't you get that?
What are you thinking about?
I mean, even John Henry said I must be crazy. I must be nuts. I think anybody would show up and subsidize that garbage. Okay.
And every time they get somebody who's a little bit popular with a fan, you're gone. We got, I mean, you're stopping to think about the elunacy of the irony of this.
And then a band student is calling over the weekend. Right. Oh, yeah. There was a good deal. They had to do it. Right then. You continue to be a major major. He's an asshole.
I'm a seal. How could anybody possibly care about these things just keeps stuffing it down to public strokes and demanding that they come and bring you their money and then build you with stadium and make you some money.
As if here's a guy that we need to make money. How many hundreds of millions of this guy worth is a billionaire. And we owe him to make him money. I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Yeah. You must be. If you subsidize that, we'll take that right now. Okay.
The few thousand of you with desparados who have no lives that feel necessary to go out there and subsidize someone again, just like the thing with the election on the on this penny sale tag. It's the same thing.
One thing about this town, they keep slapping your face and slapping in a face and you keep coming back. Oh, okay. Do it again. That was good. Do it again. It felt so good.
This is an SNM town where most of us who live here must be massacres to put up with a swill and the garbage they pedal out to us.
It's unbelievable. Unacceptable. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once, going twice, 12 minutes, they waited and they couldn't hang on. Thank you for waiting. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You. Yes. And this penny sales tax. Yeah. You know, apart from from, you know, from now, I want the penny sales. They're building $160 million.
Performing arts center right across from the Harold, you know, and just and just and just as an inauguration for that thing, they spend $150,000 to put an air condition pencil mayor.
What's his face to go down there? You know, with all his friends and we're at the seat. You know, yeah, yeah, that big. And then it's ridiculous. You know, I mean, and where are people going?
$200 million to build Mickey Arons and a little basketball court. So his little millionaire basketball players can play. Yeah. You know, I'm to win. You know, I mean, this thing, this for being an
publisher should be for blocks away from the other one, by the way, sir. If four blocks away from the other one, where there was where the
neighborhood is too bad. And of course, we know that the neighborhood wants to go for blocks away and improve so dramatically. And it's all next to the
Harold that it's right. That's right. And it's not a penny meal. It's a percent when you spend $100. It's an extra book. Right. You know, every $100. You spend it's an extra book.
Absolutely. Correct. Your God bless you. Thank you vote early and often. All right. Thanks. That's right. All you people. I don't live in
Dave County. If I were I'd go out there. I'd be I'd be I would take off today from work and go down the register like over and over again under
100 different fictitious names. They don't know. Gonzalez Rodriguez. Whatever. Hello. Oh, speaking about regas. By the way, you must have done a hell of a
job to get a letter and the editor in the paper. HL Wimmers in Miami. My mother clip this out. I guess this was in a
hero. I can't tell because they both look the same. It's in crap. No, it looks like the Sun Semmel. It's is all unite a
piella of an idea. Radio host George Rodriguez and 560 WQM has introduced a wonderful idea that may help ease tensions in the
community and initiate dialogue rather than hysteria instead of disrupting traffic with protests. Cuban Exiles should show us all the
positive sides of their culture. Let's have a pie a protest says HL Wimmers in Miami, which I thought was very amusing. Not so much the idea
of the fact that they put this in the paper again. Huh? I mean, certainly when you said that, it must have been like, you know, kind of like a
throwaway. All right. Well, yeah, but not like the kind of the post-the-blocking. You'd expect somebody to write a letter to the
editor saying, oh, that George had such a great idea. It's better than so on. No, I didn't see that coming. A pie a protest. But you know, like I've said
before, the letters to the editor were a good reflection of what this town's all about and the people who get off their
dead ass. In fact, yesterday I noticed in the sports section of one of the papers, there were three letters to the editor. One was
from Harvey Slaven, formerly Harvey of Kendall, who was then Harvey of Miami Beach. And that was moving farther away, but not far enough
Harvey of West Palm. And the one one of the other letters was from Stan Warfheimer. Yeah, about the sale of Gulf
Stream and about while the future resulting in casinos in the Indians are the same old you could come back here in a thousand
years and it would still be the same. And God did I have a good time. Yeah. Brought back a lot of good drugs from Amsterdam.
It's wrong with that. Got him on you. Brought back my thing here from Milan. Don't go to Milan by the way. But it is so expensive. They're now even a big shooter like me.
Don't want to go there anymore. 262,000 Lira for dinner for room service. I brought this back. Wait till I go into this. Four coke lights,
Ford Diet, Coff, little ones, not even a full size can. 52,000 Lira. That's seven bucks a can. Huh? Even Ricky Martin don't get that much for his
back home can. All the way. There's good lot of action from what I hear. 21 before 11 at 560 WQM. Let's get some lunch in here in a little while.
Let's get back to business. Let's get my check on to what happened with Miriam. By the way, what happened? I didn't see her. I left that thing on the desk.
I told the girls that she shares an office with. I said it be okay to check because I'll tell you one thing. Okay, if that check
Am I don't show up here today? You can go right back on here tomorrow, Mr. Because I will not be here tomorrow. Remember that appearance that last appearance I did at the
Oakwood Plaza. You could pay for that. No, no. I was about a lot a month ago. A month. You expect to get paid in a month? You losing your grant or grant
on reality?
Beasley Reed, where he and of course the program director, he's still on vacation. I'm not playing my cards right. I should do it like
H. Do in the old days. Take off and remember I always used to do that take off in the middle of the week and then take like almost two or
Fully they don't care just as long as you get the spots on the end of your rats ass and then they pay you when they feel like it
Anyway, so what they're going to make actually just come in when I feel like it although I do feel like it today because I'm so I'm just
forming it the month about this crap that they're pulling their tying up the roads. First they did it sitting in the middle of the
God damn roads. That wasn't bad enough to piss off the poor bastards that have to be here in a swelting summertime heat in this
God damn furnace in this inferno. But now here they are just a few days later tying up all the God damn traffic by springing
and all of a sudden the 25 cent increase on these four toll roads just coincidentally a couple of weeks before this
election they're going to have on a Thursday in the middle of July in the middle of summer vacation when nobody's here.
I still can't get over that thing about Andy from the hockey games. 35 years old fat dead.
And a good guy.
Wait a lot in common both hockey fans both snappy dresches.
Both fat. Here's a little runner in the push the nine.
Oh, what's going on there's all in the
nothing for it.
Oh, but you're sweating. My life will be hell.
If you lose that man, you're strong enough to make me jagged.
You're strong enough even the older it's higher than strong enough to clear your sink and all.
Feel the pain on the wall.
Okay, that's our post question.
It's a bigger high job.
What do you want in our women's soccer?
There you go.
And by the way, I think I've discovered I finally figured out what that's all about.
The women's soccer thing that was so big over rub because people are bored number one.
But especially number two, America loves bull dikes.
Oh, right.
What do you think how it's so big for?
Huh?
America loves lesbians.
They're obsessed with dikes.
Is there anybody in their right mind who really believes that there's any interest in the women's soccer in the
even in the rest of the world where men's soccer is big, do they care about this?
They hate it.
They're infuriated by it.
They're puking from it.
Here's a great letter by the way.
My first letter ever from Bogota, Colombia.
I'm going to go home and write this in my diary.
I didn't show that.
Oh, I threw that letter away.
George, you can't keep that in your memory.
So that threw it away.
Anyway, it says from Santa Fe de Bogota, the young man's name who sent this or old man or whatever he is.
Nelson Ramirez.
Nice name there, Nelson.
Sir, Neil Roger, W-I-O-D 610-A-M.
Well, I guess the news travels a little bit slowly.
It's only a year and a half later.
I am sending you to, I am sending to you a great greeting or friendly.
Well, obviously Nelson has a little bit trouble with the English.
Like most people here in Dave County, no speak at English.
I am sending to you a great feeling or friendly.
I will like it with you a tape of, with the racist record of any day in the quarter race course
that will be for me very special because I am interested in know how you cover this racist.
Thank you very much for your interest in my demand.
I will be waiting your answer again.
Thank you.
Not thank you for your interest in my request.
See, it goes to show you when you know a little bit of a language and you think you know something.
Just when you're rolling along, you use the wrong word and just turns it all around.
Not for your interest in my request, which do I have any interest?
No.
Of course not.
Your interest in my demand.
Sincerely, Nelson Ramirez with an address on the payday book at the Columbia.
All this postage he put on here and jeez, I'm tearing it up and throwing it in the waste basket,
which isn't very nice.
But what the hell do we have to do with the racists from Calder?
And even if we did, would we send it to Nelson?
No.
But thanks for your interest in 610, WIO Denelson, because you're the last one at Tipwiston,
because we don't work there anymore.
All the way at least there, we used to get paid on payday without all of the,
how you'd have to go through a big son of the answer too.
That was just for fun.
Here it's not fun.
It's serious.
Here's the mobile and Davy.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Welcome back.
Welcome back.
Welcome back to a Monday in Miami.
Right, you're absolutely right.
Just another crappy day.
Listen, on the Templeton review and the Harold, extremely unethical.
No, the son sent the review guy.
The son sent him.
Yeah, the review, to have the religion editor do that was unbelievable.
Right.
So unethical.
And this is such a great book and it's got a picture here.
I mean, it's a big review and he just slices this thing to pieces.
I saw it and it did not, it did not require that response.
And the last sentence, the review didn't lead to that conclusion.
It did not lead to that conclusion about unconvincing.
That's just his view.
He's talking in there.
That's not a review.
That's an opinion.
That's ridiculous.
And his problem is that a lot of this material has been written before.
But the fact is he fails to recognize the, the, the, the,
the Templeton wrote it very concisely and easily, you know,
condensed it as opposed to going through a long convoluted song of dance.
Makes it very easy to understand why he rejected Christianity.
Why nobody, why remind you to believe any of this, Bullcrant?
And then, and then he also trivializes like he says,
he made Billy Graham's acquaintance in 1945 and launched
to the successful youth crusader, but he fails to mention that he and Billy Graham were real tight
and that they did a lot of work.
You know, he mentions one thing they did, but, but he just glosses over any of that
as if he doesn't want to give the guy any credibility.
Yeah, but it was very poor unethical way to have a review done.
And by the way, your friend Andy, you know what the religious folks would say?
He's in a better place, Neil.
Is it a better place?
Isn't that saying?
Yeah, I mean, a better place.
Yeah.
A better religious people say.
Well, I'll be honest with you.
A better place than Miami, maybe.
All right, Neil.
Have a great day, sir.
Take care, man.
Speaking of religion, by the way, and I'm sure that George probably, you know,
butchered the religionist again at least one day last week while I was away.
You know what I mean?
Little heathen bastard he is.
But look at this here.
Did you lie 12th issue of Newsweek magazine?
Is God dead?
Ask the question on the front.
Now, see, this is the European edition.
So I don't know if I'm sure that there are some differences.
Is God dead in Western Europe?
And can sure look that way?
It says.
And yeah, I'll just take a few things out of context because of course,
being Newsweek magazine, they're not going to go too far.
They don't want to, you know, because this is really a vanilla magazine
for mostly vanilla people.
So they don't want to rock the establishment too much.
But just to read a couple of brief things here.
Says open the doors and where are the people?
It says even in such Roman Catholic bastions is Italy and Ireland where
a formal religious observance is an integral part of daily life.
Church membership and attendance have fallen.
In France, only 3 to 4% of regions regularly attended church last year.
3 to 4%.
Britain 89% didn't attend church regularly in 1995.
99% of the population did not attend the church of England in 1999.
99% didn't go.
They just said no to the church of England.
They're too busy with the queen, you know?
Sweden 85% belonged to the church of Sweden, but less than 50%
believe in some kind of afterlife.
West Germany 1991 14.7% of the population 14.5% went to church regularly in 1998 7%.
Norway 4.1% in Italy and I don't know where they get these statistics.
So I've always heard it's only 3%, but only 29.4% went to church regularly last year
as opposed to 41% in 1991.
Means over 70% even in Italy where the church in the Vatican and the Pope and
brainwashed from birth, they're saying no to all the bullcrap.
In Ireland it says only 53 men became priests in 1997 and only 32 Irish ended ran
of course and this is the amazing part because they're all crazy up there.
They're religious nuts.
In fact the Protestants are marching right now, let's hear it.
Marching in front of their face to see if they could inflate them and
piss them off the orange Protestants as opposed to the purple ones.
Only 32 Irish ended the religious orders in 1997.
Those are half the numbers from 1992.
In the past decade Irish competence in this Catholic church has not just been
sapped as has an Italy, Germany and France.
Ireland's faith has been blasted away by a series of sex scandals.
How do you like that?
Oi!
In the past few months alone and none has been found guilty of assisting a rape and
is awaiting sentence in Dublin while a Westerid County priest committed
suicide after revelations about his abuse of children and his parish.
Those old enough to remember in Ireland where parents hope their sons would
grow up to be priests feel particularly betrayed.
Dublin or Alano Conner refuses to go to mass.
Perverts, they're all perverts he says.
Why should I go and confess all my sins to a pervert?
All right!
All right!
This is an Alano Conner.
I've been trying to tell you people that for years, okay?
A bunch of pedophiles.
In a dress and you're going and confessing your personal so-called sins to
these men in a dress who are whipping themselves up into a frenzy on the
other sides of the confessional in there and you think it's just a woodpecker
knocking on the door.
Where do you got it half-right?
No, you got it all right.
It's wood at well.
Whatever.
567-0560.
0560 on the mobile one line.
The guy was right.
Welcome back to another Monday in hell.
Your right, sir.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Welcome back to the Sunshine State.
Yeah, sure.
Well, they can't even get the executions right.
I just got off the 112.
Airport Expressway.
Yeah?
50 cents.
But I have this thing, the, this new thing,
Sunpass.
Yeah.
If you use that, you get a discount.
47 cents.
All right!
Let's hear it.
All right.
Yeah.
What a bargain.
I would just keep going back and through the thing all day long.
So what do you say, I'd just say?
In fact, I would go through it and then I would back up and then, you know,
just keep going through it and forward and back with all day.
That's great.
I'm going to do that right now.
Okay.
It's better than anything else you can do here.
What a bargain, baby.
They're going to pedal you.
You got a bunch of greedy people and it's like no contest.
They got nobody fighting them.
They got Richard Friedman and his Dave Slater guy.
And that's it.
And they got a free ride.
And then, you know, on the edits, on the, on the commentary pages,
Carl Heiss and just a couple of weeks ago in here,
writes this thing about the, the Metro rail, about the first one,
and the boom dog or the billion dollars.
And then they still come on the editorial page and slap you in the face again.
And then, salty intelligence of the people assuming that there is any here.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, good afternoon.
Good morning.
Good evening.
Good evening.
I'm back at you.
Neil, the sales tax on the state of Florida.
In six percent throughout the entire state.
And here's back the date county voters went to the polls and voted for 0.5 percent,
which is a surtax to maintain Jackson Memorial Hospital.
And now the elected officials are asking us to go back,
which will, if passed, will actually have 1.5 percent surtax in the day county.
Like any tax, once you have it, it's very, very difficult for.
It's not going to go away.
Exactly.
Very, very difficult for it to go away.
Very briefly, I work for a state agency that collects sales tax.
And if we were allowed to do the job that we're supposed to do,
we would not have this problem.
There would be more than enough revenue coming in.
The budget for the state of Florida is $45 billion this year.
Sales tax produces $8 billion of it.
And the other $37 billion comes from the other $36 taxes.
These people that want the sales tax, if they would just let us do our job,
you wouldn't need any more money.
You wouldn't need any more tax.
It would generate itself.
The people are doing things, obviously, conducting business illegally.
And that's why you would have-
That's why I'm here.
Pinga belongs in jail right now, sir.
He belongs behind bars.
I hear you loud and clear.
Very briefly, I just want to leave you on this one last note.
I don't know if you read an article about maybe a month,
two months ago, in the Miami Herald regarding three agencies in the state of Florida,
regarding Key West and all of the illegal businesses that were going on down there.
In other words, when I say illegal, I mean, people conducting business without licenses
and so forth and so on.
There's turmoil in Key West today because
all of the sudden the agencies are held accountable.
So once again, if they let you do the job,
you'll have plenty of revenue and you won't have to tax the people.
You can stay at 6%.
Okay, just say-
No.
Just say no.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Bye-bye, sir.
Bye.
I'm the one.
Take a good night, bro.
Tell me if it's been so nice.
Would I be the star?
You're the movie out of sight.
Men don't get me.
Don't think.
Magn� of me.
They want to grab it.
Grab it on this.
It's you.
Have my husband.
You have a man.
I think with the best things.
Sure.
Show your time.
And will you have more cash with a bigger,
shaped like a princess?
Your king.
Bracket them.
I know my king.
If you have my husband.
There she goes.
That's the number one masturbation video in the world.
Jennifer Lopez.
It's 11.020560WQM.
Even on the video, if you see that the guy,
the Puerto Rican Waterbury is,
he's got the computer, uh,
a thing in his lap and he's tapping it.
And the keyboard too.
Look at this.
We had a whole bunch of calls on there before that.
Breaking all of a sudden, there's one.
One call on the board.
First day back from vacation.
Great feeling.
Great.
Had a great time.
And there's one call on the board.
5667-0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Anyway, it's almost time for lunch.
It'd be a good idea to clear this all out.
Play some good music.
It gets a nice lunch in here for free.
See if we can get a search party together
to find out where my check that we do on Friday was,
which today is Monday.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I want to let you in on something.
Uh, do a little bit of land use myself in the state.
And there's something called Eastward Home.
I'm not sure if you've ever heard of it.
Something called one.
Eastward Home.
And there's nothing to do with prostitution.
Eastward Home, like go west, John Man.
Well, the state has this problem
where too many people are moving to the west.
So what they're doing is they have a state,
land commission put together this plan.
It involves transportation, government works,
the whole bit.
The corner of US one in southwest 88 is an example
where they took over all of those auto sales
dealerships and all that other stuff.
They're putting up condominiums and strip malls
and the like.
They're trying to keep people on the east part of this state.
It's a central planning scheme to try to keep people on the east
and it's so much old real things.
Well, they're doing a wonderful job of that.
I'll tell you that living in Broward like I do.
And I'll tell you what people are not.
They're making those.
They're not doing anything about the roads.
They're just increasing the population
without increasing the roads.
The land use, the planning in this area sucks.
It always has an effect.
Well, 595 is already almost obsolete.
Absolutely.
You do realize that, don't you, sir?
Well, yeah, I've only been here for about two years.
Right.
595 is virtually obsolete.
In fact, in rush hour going westbound
or eastbound in the morning rush hour,
it's virtual gridlock because it wasn't adequate.
Well, it's probably going to get worse.
And as far as the turnpicking is concerned,
keep in mind one of the problems here,
if you have a constituency group over there,
you got people taking money and an outticket,
making sure the coins go into those damn baskets.
You people are getting, you know, a wage,
they get healthcare,
and they're getting a pension.
Somebody's got to pay for this.
They're not going to take those booths down in time soon.
Okay, and have a great day, sir.
Whatever you say.
What do you just say to anybody?
No.
The last part.
Find six, then we're having an election
two weeks from this Thursday, July 29th.
Bring out your carpet baggers in here.
Bring Hillary Clinton in.
Anybody can think of, okay?
Just go to the polling place.
Don't ever know.
Just say, hey, I'm, uh, I just forgot my voter registration card.
I want to vote.
Just say to Mayor Pinga.
Enough of this crap.
Just one, just one time.
I would love to see in my lifetime.
Just once, I would love to see the downtown power structure
take it where they belong.
Way deep inside there.
Correct.
Okay, just like they deserve.
After the way they've screwed over the people in this town
for the last, the God only knows how many years.
And the reward they get like Merritt Steerheim
screws them over the first time, runs away for a few years,
and then they bring them back a second time
to give them a chance to do it again.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's coconut creek.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
I know.
I don't need to change the subject.
Go ahead ahead.
This is boring to a lot of people.
I don't want to dwell on this all day.
Good.
I will Sam ask yesterday.
And I looked at that Phillips CD burner that you have.
Uh-huh.
And he told me that you only can use the audio CDs,
the six dollar audio CDs.
Is that correct or not correct?
Well, what are you expecting to use in there?
Well, there's audio CDs and there's data CDs.
Data CDs are $2 each.
And the audio CDs you can't use those.
I thought you said you did a couple weeks ago.
No, I did not.
Oh, the only thing I said was that you don't have to use Phillips
that when I bought the thing,
there were people trying to give me a song and a dance about
audio.
You have to use Phillips, which makes no sense at all.
Right.
There would be like buying a Sony cassette deck
and singing you only buy Sony tapes to recommend.
It just stupid, you know?
Right.
Okay, you're the best.
Thanks for the surprise.
Okay, thank you.
Oh, there's my check.
Leave it to Sam.
What did I tell you?
Sam's the man.
Oh!
Okay.
Well, I've always told you that.
Haven't I told you that?
No.
He's the man.
He'd be the man.
Brought my check in here.
That's because there's nobody else here.
He's running the goddamn place.
You know, maybe we'll even bring him a little lunch today or something.
What do you want?
Peach along?
Find out what he wants.
We'll give Sam lunch because he went out and got my check form.
He wants to rapes.
Not me.
Maybe you, but not me.
Oh, I'll rape.
I thought you said he wants to rapes.
That's what it sounded like to me.
That's what you said.
You said he wants to rapes.
And I said, no way.
My type.
And I don't do that kind of stuff anyway.
All right, here's my check.
It's the right amount.
Now I can go home.
I have lunch and get out of here.
I noticed that Jason, by the way,
has got what's his name?
Oh, and I got a new whole new thing named after him.
Two, a homer religion.
DNH is the motto, but the religion is called JP, which stands for.
No, you're smiling.
It's really just coincident.
Just people.
It's the elimination of all ethnic groups,
all religious groups, all any of the stuff.
And the world could be divided into zones.
Instead of countries, oh, I live in zone one.
I live in zone 10.
Whatever that is.
You look on the map.
That's where it is.
No more nationalities.
No more religions.
No more ethnic, all this ethnic cleansing
bull crap, which is a very nice sanitary way of saying
they're butchering everybody.
They're slaughtering people.
JP, just people.
I love it.
And there's an idea too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T world.
We don't want no arrapids.
All the way.
Do like a river.
I can't eat that.
I got to get on my atkins now.
Goddamn Andy from the hockey game.
I don't mean to wait that sound.
That didn't sound good.
Goddamn it.
Come on.
Our friend Andy, well, that didn't sound good.
God just died.
35 years old.
It made it sound like I'm saying Goddamn Andy.
I did say that.
Didn't I?
Well, that's not the way I met it, Adam.
I'm still in shock over that.
And I know I saw him over there at 119 last year
in the Macarena, the new joint.
We'd seen him over there.
In fact, he was the only one we saw of the old crowd.
I kept looking for all the other guys.
Didn't see any of them, including those two drunks from Ohio.
But Andy was there most of the games.
When loser draw,
chugging down those beers one after another,
two handfuls at a time.
And now he's dead.
5, 6, 7, 0, just like most of this town.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18 and T line.
Here's my new beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
Listen, just that I respect for this guy.
Andy, although I don't know, maybe you can play the long scene
from FATSO with the food.
But while you're on vacation,
now, the day before you left with the Friday,
before you left, I have the call hangs show because I heard you talking about
the rumor that they have to call you back.
Get the honey tune.
Well, they only did that for a while, I believe.
Neil, they had to, I mean, like, I have to give my call for a bait.
And every sentence I have to do, they had to call me back and then Hank gets on the phone
and then I have to repeat what I said.
It was the most dead terminal.
It's terminal.
There's no fun that way.
They want to censor everything on this radio station.
That's not a talk station.
That's a contrived station.
I mean, the sports talk concept is worrying
enough to begin with.
But when you want to have everybody on only talking nice to everybody else,
I mean, Hank is great when Hank is arguing with people.
That's what he's at his best.
And why can't and why can't you crank them?
And if you do crank them, why have you got to report you?
I don't understand.
If I want to call Hank and say, hey, Hank, you're fat or hey, Hank, you hate you.
That's part of the show, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
So don't say Neil, hey, you can.
You'll set them off again.
You think?
I know it.
I do a thing where they used to have this guy that played for Pittsburgh.
He was in Neil O'Donnell.
I'd say, hey, what do you think about this guy for Pittsburgh?
Do you think Neil, hey, you get sucked in and I drop him on on their phone?
Try today.
All right.
We'll see what I can do.
I'll be listening.
OK.
You're bouncing from fat.
At least it'll be more interesting than most of that other crap about who's going to be the best
wide receiver for having a great day.
Oh, yeah.
We heard in the last two minutes of that morning show.
Thank God for the back street boys, baby.
I was cranking that stuff on a way to work this morning.
And the very nice lady who sells the San Sentinel there on the corner on the
Stobb Hill right by 5.95.
She came to tap it on my window.
I'm waiting first in line at the red light.
And she comes to tap it on the window.
She and her husband are big fans in the shook my hand.
How you doing, sweetheart?
She has a lot of nice people in this town.
You just have to be selected.
You have to look around a little bit harder.
10 minutes after 11 and 5.
60.
So let's see.
We got the check.
Bean Town gives I'm is the boot.
Don I miss got the boot in bean town.
Radio station WEEI is dropping.
I'm is in the morning.
August 24 saying he has lost his age.
He used to be very fast, patient, energetic.
He was passionate.
The audience was captured by a sed station PD Jason Wolf.
At this point in his life he's comfortable.
He wants to do the show for himself.
He's got a young child.
Basically the bottom line is his numbers went in the
toilet in the show sucks and all he talks about is
his goddamn boring brother Fred and the farm and his kid.
And it's pathetic.
A once great entertaining guy with a great wit.
And now it's crap.
And he's on MSNBC every day.
What the honey, Junior?
I like lunch and cobbled.
Little pie with chocolate chip ice cream.
I'll cake with chocolate chip ice cream is good.
Ring ding.
And chocolate chip ice cream.
Wait, chocolate swirl ice cream.
Even better.
That's nothing.
Did you ever suck the jelly out of the jelly donut?
And then fill it with chocolate swirl ice cream.
I like this stuff.
A jelly donut with Reese's peanut butter cut.
Then put it in a warm oven and let the chocolate
melt into the dough.
Tell us about peanut butter and jelly.
What a chocolate-tublished graham cracker.
Within my ears a banana on top.
Could I have a little lemon in my water please?
I make chocolate chip cookies with emin and Fred talkers.
They don't melt.
So you can have a little more lemon in my hot water please.
Still up a lot of lemon?
No, I'd like a little fresh orange juice.
Squeeze the mine if you got it.
No, sorry.
Okay, that lemon.
The crumbs they got chocolate covered orange wedges.
The juice just dribbles down your chin.
Junior, could I have just a drop of honey?
Just a drop.
Why did the actual food is covered with that flip-dark chocolate?
Oh boy, I'd like this stuff one that I'm in the donut.
Oh, good.
Get the honey, Junior.
Give me the honey, Junior.
In the cover, dumb.
Well, get it.
What else did they cover with that chocolate?
I mean, besides the orange wedges, grapes, peaches, strawberries.
Junior, the honey.
Those big juicy stem strawberries are dipped into that dark, dark chocolate.
Yeah.
That's the one.
That's the one.
Oh no.
So what do you really try to say?
I have a man who knew exactly.
Devastated by that fact from my friend Adam about Andy,
Diane, Andy from the hockey games,
Andy from the hockey games.
That just doesn't sound sufficient,
but that's where we know him from.
Andy from you, Evan.
Now that's a shot.
5'6, 7'0, 5'60,
0.5'60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Getting back just briefly to this article in Newsweek about his god,
dead, and in Western Europe, it sure looks like it.
Here's a picture of a young lady with red hair.
Here's smoking on a packet and she says,
Raised in East Germany,
Inca Copa, it's used to be Protestant.
Since she's quit the church and procedure them
filling out a form in a local courthouse to exempt her from paying
Germany's church tax,
the church is a sect like any other,
says the 30-year-old who works at Berlin's all-news channel, NTV.
They're criminals.
They tell Africans to multiply and not use condoms despite HIV.
She wears crosses because they're chic,
and she's been a church twice in her life,
once in Notre Dame in Paris and once in St. Paul's in London.
I wanted to see where Lady Dye and Charles got married.
I have to admit, it's a great atmosphere.
They really know how to sell their tricks, she says.
They really know how to peddle their crap is what she says.
Nice going, Inca.
Here's a great fact from Bob,
who says, thank you so much for using your bully pulpit
to tell everyone what a bunch of BS this election on the 29th is.
I've lived in Dead County since 1948 and been a registered Democrat since 1952.
I voted for Mayor Pinga because he was Democrat and candidate
seemed to be the most reasonable and level headed of the bunch.
I also believed in money, said he would not allow another arena to be built
just a few blocks away from the old one.
Of course, Mayor Pinga has stabbed us in the back over and over again.
I'll never forget how cheated I felt when the day after his election,
he went back on his promise not to build the arena.
Since then, he's done nothing but plunged the dagger deeper into our backs.
He supported the county name change, which is just a waste of money,
had an opportunity to be a voice of reason during the Cuban protest
weeks ago, but passed that up.
And I'll hold this secret election in the middle of the summer
so that he and his cronies can squeeze more money out of us.
I will, of course, vote no on attacks and I'll never ever vote for Mayor Pinga against his
Bob. I don't care who runs against him.
That candidate has my vote.
If Adolf Hitler were cloned and ran for Mayor,
I'll vote for him before Mayor Pinga.
He is a major sticking, he's an asshole.
Rodding assholes his Bob.
Nice going, Bob.
God.
So on the heels of Andy Paschic,
away in plan that thing from Faso, what's for lunch?
Huh?
No, I was talking to George about the great bratwurst we had in Cologne, Germany.
Well, I mean, I had, you know,
I don't want to say anything about the weaners and Amsterdam, but nevertheless,
no, seriously, they do have great bratwurst in Cologne,
better than Berlin for whatever reason.
Now, where do you have great bratwurst here?
That's the question.
Where are we going to get real great sausage in this town?
Oh, God.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
OK.
Listen, this guy Andy had died.
Did he have long blonde hair and originally from Philly?
He had long hair, it was kind of like blonde.
Is she, I don't know if he was from Philly or not, he might have been.
Yeah, and he lived in South-Dade as a car dealer?
No, I don't know.
Because I think that's the guy he's talking about, because that's a better
mind to see the six, the six biggest ex-tulman in the old Miami arena.
And I set it with him a few times.
In what section?
OK.
It was like center ice.
106?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's him.
Yeah.
Well, he didn't even know more.
567.0560s in heaven now.
He's in hockey heaven now.
0.560s up there with Foster.
You in Harold Baller.
Oh!
And Danny Galvan and Dan Kelly.
And Steve Chason.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
OK, sir.
I want to make a comment about these two cops that beat the hell out of supposedly.
Beat the hell out of somebody in Halea.
Yeah.
And their father's a police chief.
Well, the mayor got on television and say, we're not going to tolerate physical abuse
towards any citizens in our city.
Yeah.
And this guy was on TV and we can have a go beating the hell out of somebody himself.
I can't believe what I was watching.
He's not going to tolerate it by the peons, but he can beat the crap out of anybody who wants,
including Hank at the track or anybody else he chooses because he's a big guy.
Yeah, he's guys are wacko.
I mean, fully impossible to see something like this.
Well, in Halea, they never met a convicted felon that they didn't like.
Don't you understand that it was like John Lamello and Sunrise was the same thing with the old Yiddloch there.
The same old same old song pal, like the fourth top said.
Stay out.
You can smell it.
A million miles away.
You know, I was almost rated.
They're outshagged by the Virgin on Virgin Atlantic, but that would be bad to say that.
Because they're going up.
Do we?
And they say, I don't expect.
Yes, I do.
When somebody presented to you in a way that you think you're going to get upgraded like to upper class,
I mean, Virgin Atlantic flies these great big 747s, which is, you know, when you go to Europe,
you really should be flying a 747.
Unfortunately, airlines like Martin, they fly those crappy 767 and Delta doesn't even have any 747s.
So, you know, when you can fly a 747 and it's got a first class or they call it upper class.
And they really give you the great service like Virgin Atlantic.
And then you fly over the second time and you're in what they call premium economy class.
It's very disappointing.
And so I might have, I might have said I got checked by the Virgin, except they're coming back
yesterday. We got a free upgrade to upper class again.
Thank God.
And it's a Mahaya baby.
It was great.
One of the great flights of my life.
Eight hours from London to Miami.
We got in an hour early.
Nice going.
And this was even the plane that had Austin powers on the outside, by the way.
Not him on a wing, but the picture running outside of the plane.
So I just want to caution you because I, you know, I know I was very enthusiastic about
them the last time I flew them back in April.
And they were a great airline to give you excellent service, but,
but the difference between see they have like your regular economy or coach for sluppers,
like most of you.
And then they have premium economy, which sounds very good.
But premium economy on Virgin Atlantic is exactly the same as star class or business class
in Martin Air.
The seats are too close together.
The food they bring you that everything on the tray is in plastic.
Even the role is in plastic.
I can't begin to imagine if you, if you fly in coach, the cheapest class on Virgin Atlantic.
I can't imagine what they give you an economy for a meal.
Even a big Mac, I think would be like a little bit overboard for them.
Because in premium economy, it was very, and they had like little TV dinners.
They have you have a choice of three and then she reaches out and they're like,
I'll heat it up.
And everything is like wrapped in plastic.
Even the role, I'm not making that up.
Whoever heard of getting a role that was wrapped in plastic on a plane or elsewhere.
And yet when you sit in an upper class, it's fantastic.
So that's my commentary.
If you can afford to pay a little bit more, if you've got a few bucks extra,
do the upper class on Virgin Atlantic.
Because they're a premium economy, which they're touting very highly like it's a big deal.
It's pretty weak.
But thanks for the upgrade, Richard.
God bless you.
Tudoloo.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You want to see how powerful your station is, how you and your talent is you and George.
Yeah.
Week before you go away, they put you on the air on the TV station to quote you.
And then last week, while George is on, they quote him in the newspaper.
George Rodriguez.
Yeah.
Did you hear about that?
The letter to the editor.
I weren't quoting him.
There was a letter, yeah.
No, no.
Yeah, well somebody wrote in, they quote him in the comments.
I already read that.
Yes.
I thought that was great.
And also that, you know, it's just so good to have you back because,
you know, a week without Neil's like a week without Son.
Not in George, dude.
I'm sure George did a good job.
It was funny.
He gets the same people to call in their love.
I'm the same people calling it.
Adam.
How stupid can these people be to say that they hate a show, but they listen to a show.
No, thank God I never get into that.
Don't they ever stop that?
No.
They don't have a life.
Don't you understand that if he and I should both bail out of here like now,
if we ran off to have lunch with the, what's Sam now and left a void here for two hours,
these people would blow their brains out.
They probably would, but and you know, you were talking before about the screens
of the calls on the talk, the rate of the sports show.
Sir, I find that so anxious as heavy screening of phone calls on any talk shows.
I can't find words to describe it.
Well, that's because the talent is so insecure about what Willa won't be said.
Or if the artist is afraid of something.
Yeah.
That was fun.
How can you be so thin skin if somebody calls you a fat slob or somebody,
I mean, I could understand if somebody says something that, you know,
a four-letter word you got to dump that or somebody just wants to be a major
asshole and you don't want to let them call 400 times a day,
you'll dump them out to discourage them.
But if somebody takes a shot at you, why don't you have to dump it?
I like you say, are you that insecure?
Is that what the problem is?
We have a little bit of fun here.
Let's make it interesting and exciting and stop hearing about, you know,
what are your thoughts on that vassier soccer game?
I'm just expressing my own opinions because I have a lot of good CDs in the car like this morning.
What about that linebacker for, yeah, okay.
God.
And they're said about women's soccer.
Does anybody?
No.
Anywhere in the world really?
No.
Bye.
No.
See you, Roger Scott.
Can't know what soccer I had.
My name is so number I got off that plane.
Yeah.
We were shopping in plans to get your money away.
Yeah.
I bought the dinosaur's expensive bubbles and jewels.
And you in the plans to do things that suit you.
I tried very hard to smuggle.
And they wouldn't let me buy.
But I did not get in trouble.
I was trying to get on her's wife.
Yeah, some jet-dose videos.
This is why I want to live up my life with better payback.
After all, my husband's brother.
Will soon be your decade.
I might cry, but there's not be that I buy anything I need and just one thing more.
I'll reach out for his family value.
When I get that from the school.
Yeah, hit the back of the news here, Clem.
You got to do it right like I did.
Come back from Amsterdam yesterday in a plane.
Bring back about two pounds of good stuff.
I know all the guys there.
It's custom day.
Neil, welcome back and just walks right onto there.
No problem at all.
We're up back in supply for the whole building here.
I don't use the crap because it smells like crap.
Like garbage.
Like that.
But nevertheless, got to supply the building here, right?
No.
Come on.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
And of course the best part of it is they're probably people that believe this.
That's the best part.
That's why I said.
Because I know what I'd do to take.
He's bringing smuggling in marijuana.
We knew he went there to that for drugs.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Here's Mimey Lake.
Hello.
Well, they would love to catch you bringing something in.
Oh yeah.
That would make their day.
I couldn't even smuggle in cheese.
You know, you're not supposed to bring back open food products.
I couldn't even bring back cheese if I wanted to.
Yeah.
You were talking before about the way they're censoring the incoming calls.
While you were gone, there was an article by Barry Jackass about
Joe Rose.
People trying to like try to
coerce him into joining the new station.
Yeah, whaffing you.
So I'd call up to talk about that.
You mean to say that Barry Jackass had the 800th article about whaffing again?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And they're trying to steal Joe Rose, which I think would be a great move on your
station as part of you could dump them.
But anyway, I know who we could get in there then.
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't want to mention his name, but yeah.
Yeah, but anyway.
Yeah, he would be good.
But I can't talk about it.
And they just shut me off.
I couldn't say anything.
I couldn't bring him up.
I wonder, well, I want to even know I have nothing to do with it.
I want to personally apologize to you for that because the rest of this radio
station, we got a bunch of pussy's that work here.
When I crank the music up down the hall, two out of power 96,
I'm the only one in this building.
It's got the ball, it's the scream and yell about it and make them stop.
When all these other things that go on, nobody here's got any cajones.
Okay, and that's why they don't have the courage to face the callers and take
these things on direct.
And they have to do this heavy-duty screening, which to me makes for garbage
radio.
Yeah, well, that's why we miss you, Neil.
I can't tell you George wasn't too bad this time.
Usually he sucks, but this time he wasn't bad.
Well, there you go.
Goes to show you.
He was really getting the Cuban rafted situation.
He was pretty entertaining about that.
And then, unfortunately, he got him to religion and he beat that dead horse up.
Yeah.
He wasn't dead.
Thank you.
But don't go away.
God bless you.
I'm going back.
I mean, if he's that good, I mean, as long as I just came in to get my check,
he's going fine.
Everything's going along real good.
The boss he ain't here, the PD, he's still on the extended vacation on the busman's holiday.
God only knows where he is.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
On a great Monday here at QAM.
Oh, 60.
I don't know if you're QAM.
Tell them like it is.
They've had the flowers today and the rest of the day, we suck a lot of ass.
See, that's the thing that really cracks me up.
Is people that have this big image, being really color like it is,
and they're really gutsy and bulky.
And they like a bunch of pussy's.
You know, oh, gee, somebody called me in name.
Wow.
God, let's go get the old crying towel.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I still can't get over that Andy from the hockey game thing.
What's that?
What's that?
I didn't hear anything.
That beep, you didn't hear maybe the facts machines,
they're in the lower one out of paper again.
Make some funky sounds every now and then.
Here's Parkland.
Hello.
Welcome home.
You sound energized.
Yes, I am.
While you were gone, you know, God, God,
weak Mary-O.
Do you want?
God, weak Mary-O.
Puzzle.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, thank you so much for reminding me.
There will be no Godfather for because Mary-O sleeps with the fishes.
Thank you so much.
I forget about that.
I understand that God said it wasn't personal.
It was just business.
That's right.
By the way, the...
So thank you God for saving us from Leo.
That's what we all say.
Oh.
By the way, the I'm a story is false.
It was planted by the station after a western one
decided to put the state program
with another station for money in Boston.
So I'm a season going off the air in Boston.
He's just changing stations.
Yeah, but it says his number dropped from like a 10-year
in the morning to a 4-6.
Is that also incorrect?
I can't say that for sure,
but I can't tell you one thing for sure.
I'm a...
announced officially they're going in Miami,
but what they didn't announce is that they're being cancelled
in Las Vegas.
Yeah.
So that's the real problem.
Well, everyone, I'm on Miami on that 1700 station
at Leiburr-Jack Castle to listening to.
Yeah, the trouble with the 1700 stations.
A lot of people say I'm...
Radios can't pick up 1700.
So you know what those ratings are?
Plus, they don't get turned around dial
all the way to the end to hear a dead man in the chair.
Some people would.
But I'm sorry, I'm not going to...
I'd rather...
I'd rather hear Hank.
And I'd rather hear...
I guess in the morning, I still rather hear Rick and Suds.
Okay.
God bless you, sir.
Bye-bye.
I want to hear from Fred Iman.
Come on, let's get Fred to show up.
Oh!
He's under like 40% of the time anyway.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got 600 open lines throughout the Monday.
What are we going to do about lunch?
Let's get done with the important stuff.
Okay, we got to check in here.
Thanks to our good close friends, Sam.
But you still can't rape us.
Well, those vendors, Wayland's man.
Yeah.
You know, he walks down the hall, brings me to my check,
which I appreciate very nice.
That was a nice gesture on his part.
He didn't have to do that.
But then to come in here and want us to
like drop the soap for him.
Rectome.
Forget it.
Wasn't that good, you know?
I don't think.
So anyway, what are we going to do for lunch?
Speaking of sausage, where can we get like a nice,
you think maybe it's too late for ponytail?
I don't want to sit around and wait for him.
He's a certain lot of needs has sausage today.
I want some nice sausage.
I mean, of course I just had a lot of sausage on vacation.
I mean, in Kalo, I'm talking about,
see all these people in the audience.
Every time I say something like that,
they start conjuring up all these things.
Probably some of which are true.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
22 before noon at QAM.
Hank Goldberg, I'm assuming from Shula State too.
I'm assuming because we have no schedule here.
Where's the nephew?
Where's the assistant program director?
Where's Clarence Derell?
Where's all these other people that are supposed to be filling the breach
while our program director is on the last day of its vacation?
I got no schedule over here.
See, one thing if Doug Flandy were here today,
I'd have a schedule.
I wouldn't have to be saying, oh, there he is now.
See that?
Now that I'm bitching him out,
now the nephew comes in here.
Where's the schedule?
What did he just say?
That's not here.
Oh, there's the assistant program director.
You see, he's screaming yell,
and he waltzes in here with the thing.
Why you're at it, by the way, fix the copying machine.
I mean, the fact.
Thank you so much.
Okay, so Clarence just came in here with a schedule.
Let's see, we got Hank Etch,
Shula's as a predicted today.
Hank's going to butcher up.
No screening on a cause.
I want a challenge, Hank.
All screenless today between two and six.
Let's have a real show today.
No holds barred, okay?
Kimba Bocaper six o'clock tonight.
Ed Kaplan with a gambling short 10.
There we go.
Now we got the schedule.
Now we can continue.
So who the hell needs Doug, huh?
21 before noon at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you if there's one person that can come in here
and tell somebody to get off your Doug on the guy.
I need some action.
And now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham
with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by TLC.
Dr. Burnham?
A scrub is the guy that thinks he's quiet,
also known as a buster.
Always talking about what he wants
and just fit them in broke half.
So no, I don't want your number.
No, I don't want to give you mine.
And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere.
No, I don't want none of your time.
And no, I don't want no scrub.
No.
A scrub is the guy that can't get no love from me.
Hang it out the passenger side of his best friend's ride.
Trying to holler at me.
No scrub.
No scrub.
No, no.
No scrub.
No, no, no, no, no.
No scrub.
No, no.
No.
Okay, it's 11.44 at 5.50 WQM.
We were in Kalo and Germany one day.
Did we see any sparsers there that one day?
No, just a lot of real good looking white people.
But anyway, hippies head west to town where pot smokers go free.
A town in northern California is offering pot smoking Americans.
The ultimate pipe dream.
It's become the first place in the country to legalize cannabis
and issues identity cards to users guaranteeing immunity from prosecution.
The police chief in Arcana is not really accepting the ID card.
He's issuing them personally signing them and even taking the photographs himself.
The tree hugging tie dyed community of 15,000
at the heart of California's marijuana rich Emerald Triangle
has delighted hippies everywhere by passing Sydney or a city ordinance 1276
preventing cannabis use for medical purposes.
Many ID card holders are genuinely suffering from chronic pain,
cancer, multiple sclerosis, AIDS and arthritis.
But not surprisingly, the town has now experienced a sudden increase in people
complaining of mysterious maladies.
Everyone we try to arrest has a recommendation from Dr. Field Good
admits police chief Mel Brown 53 who's drug arrest have plummeted as a result.
He shakes his head as he leaves the bedroom of marijuana card holder Jason Brown
filled with cannabis plants and a heaped pile of smokeable pot.
I usually places like that with plants and prisoners he said but now here
law enforcement is holding out the olive branch to receive a stat of
jail card patients need a certificate from a friendly California doctor
and complaining of backache distress maybe all it takes.
Lucy may tuck got her doctor to certify that smoking out of a marijuana
was a good way to treat her hot flushes and she ain't flushed out anymore.
So we're going to be doing the show from Arcana by the way that's where we're going to have our
temporary studios while they're finishing this 10 year construction project here at QAM.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line what am I going to do about my publics
release they have this really good broad worth that they used to sell in the packages
and now they don't anymore. I think my public is slipping I don't I don't recognize any of the
people in there anymore everybody's gone the manager is gone. Frankie he's disappeared
Andrew you don't see him anymore any of the people there at publics they're all going to
accept my Italian friend I pies on he's the only one left.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood hello. Yeah Neil. Yes sir.
Yes about the time the German sausage. Yeah remember where breeding drugs was North
of Pembroke Road in Hollywood. No okay just North of Pembroke two blocks on your left.
Yeah there's a whole world sausage coming in make awesome bark.
Really? Yep. Old world sausage. I think it's a whole world and then there's another one
441 call European sausage but they're both in Hollywood.
441 and what? Around Johnson Street. And your Johnson okay got it.
And I call some deduces back there. Yes sir.
Barriol you're a major. Okay thank you pal. Okay watch your knead.
Okay one call left in the board again come back from a great vacation having a great time.
We got 50,000 different things out of pot today including smoke at it and these people
are same old tired stuff just like in out of that airport yesterday and watching all these
geeks pretending to be driving on a highway. Hi sir. I could have written a short book just
about the trip home from the airport yesterday and actually the inside the airport part was it was a
piece of cake. No long line waiting to pay the thing to get out of there the parking
thing zipped right out of there but as soon as you leave that thing and get on 112 starting with
all the traffic back up in the tolls and the whole deal it's the end of the world.
And here's our last call just to disappeared. So we read it almost two hours today it's been
really great being back you want to ease back into it you know if you've been away for a few
days having a good time you don't want to do over try over doing it. Oh brother I am telling you
this is just amazing this place 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Hey no another
thing that's fascinating to me is we got all right I don't know where this came from either because
it's not a new topic I mean they've been doing this heavy screening on this station for as long
as I've been here and I'm sure before that. But the one show where you can call in and basically
you're not going to get a third degree when you call in the show and talk about whatever the
thing you want within reason is this one but they're calling here to complain about the ones that
they can't do it on. That's the thing that I love and I sit here carrying my guts out
carrying my brains out puking my lungs out. I was picking up puking the lungs out so two more
great new episodes of the Tom Green show on MTV yesterday including the one where he gets
himself drunk and pukes. I mean just all over the place nice going Tom.
Tom Green show that's where it's at on MTV. Although I do want to retract what I said about
celebrity death match that's a bad show that's not a good show. It's a terrible show. Who the
hell did they have on her yesterday they had um I watched like two minutes of it and it was
pathetic you know and he's gouge it is but oh it was Charlie Sheen and the milieu estervez
pretty weak but Tom Green or vice president Jesse the body for president Tom Green for VP
here's a mobile and Kindle hello hello yes sir yeah I need a how you done okay uh
has anyone called you I just got on the uh I just got anyone called me no no I said
did anyone called you about this uh uh paper going on on on tv right now with the raptors
where they're following another boatload no it's on uh just left it uh it's uh one of the
network stations and they got the news copters and they got they got the coast guard running around
circles after when all that's like sorry I can't get that in here I've only got the cable
oh yeah small dish I think it's on uh an NBC but there's about 12 people in the raft yeah
and it has an outboard and the coast guard cutters they got that guy that brothers and the rescue
guy they called had him on the phone being there what is this guy stop already it's not it's not
but uh he claims that it's employed by Castro to bring the United States to the negotiating table to
to supply tech Cuba with newer boats and newer and gasoline and stuff to keep the people from leaving
the island with newer boats yeah for the Cuban so they can come over here and style I mean what
what does that mean? Newer boats for what for the coast guard the Cuban coast guard to prevent
these these raptors from leaving the island and we're gonna supply the Cuban coast guard with newer
boats that's what he wants us to do that's an actually that's the reason that yeah Castro is sending
them all over. Okay tell them to take two and call us in the morning thanks for the bad news thank you
thank you more of the same old like I said you can come back here 50,000 years from now and
there'll still be rich scientists will still be squatting over your ass and they'll still be hyperventilating
and at any other channel for Elliott Rodriguez we'll be trying to tell a coast guard how to do their
job like I said don't worry about adding more tools on the god damn roads out there just stick
a bunch of angry old Cubans out there in the middle of the road and say we're not gonna move it
till you vote for the Penny Zail Stacks that's what you ought to do Mayor Penga just stick a bunch of
disgruntled one-dimensional people out there sitting in the god damn road who have no respect and
no consideration for anybody else that lives or has to drive in his town same old tired monotonous
repetitious swill and where do you look other than this god damn radio show where do you look you
find a newspaper that's got the cahot you find anybody on TV that's got no to tackle this
bull crap this insanity that goes on and never ever changes where they keep shoveling crap
down your throat whether you like it or not not bad enough at 120 degrees in the shade that's not
bad enough you get off the plane on a jet way yesterday of Miami International I'm gonna tell you
you are polishing even if you don't know what that means you like switching you're like waiting to
pass out you're gasping for oxygen here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello
hey Neil yes sir thank you so much George did a pretty good job his
religious conversations were probably what you need to do to get a crowd back here I mean
they have phones were burning while they were talking religion yeah maybe if you want to get
some colors maybe try that a little while and get them all on the line and then hang up on them
uh-huh okay like that 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T world of sign you tell me the phones weren't
smoking all week is that what you're just saying now hot and cold hot and cold like now not this
cold 5 6 7 0 5 60 well see they're not terrified of you they're they're they're just scared
crap because they're they're like most of the people that work on this radio station they're a bunch of
cowards they're a bunch of pussies they don't have the courage of their goddamn convictions although
they got probably plenty on their rap sheet 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T so we got the old
high double burg there I all I wanted some good grot words like I got there in cologne Germany
and they give you that little uh brunch you might want to tell what is that what is that thing they
call little piece a little rule and they don't they don't if you're gonna do it right you don't
put it on the rule they give you on the with napkins and a little mustard on the cardboard thing
and the role is on the side which you don't have to get you so a few cents extra for that a few extra
offending and they're long and they're delicious and they're just great those uh brought words
the real thing the emmus oh by the way you'd be pleased to know that we did go by on the train
in cologne passed the bear factor again and they didn't have a special thing in the back there
where they were selling the lampshades old ones here's a mobile and kindle hello hey Neil
yes sir that's a hey your bag George did a great job what you were going that's what I hear the
vertifus Jordan was sensational so he might put him on again this week because I was having a great
time he's always very good but anyway um that earlier call was kind of stole my thunder but um I don't
know if you were back yet when this thing happened that I had like another boatload of Cubans and
cold-tired cutters rammed the boat and all that stuff no I wasn't back but I read with great interest
the two different approaches to it in the newspapers about the one in a herald the herald of course
panders as always and makes it seem that the coast guard was in the wrong and doesn't bother
mentioning of course the fact that they were using evasive methods and rocking a boat all over the
place and then collided with the coast guard cutter and the sun settle on the other hand has it
like it really happened well you you had an architect is channel seven your friendly uh
whatever he's been rigged snatched rich snatches yeah right uh they cut they cut into like a
live spot right with the guy sitting there by the cold start station and these were his words
quote-unquote uh the police have now left because apparently there's not enough trouble here to
creep 20 or 40 police cars in line uh so I apparently there isn't enough uh people enraged
to make a difference so basically he was kind of urging them yeah he was he was
the one there he was trying to fan the flames of hysteria and you got right look this
kind of great restations report to god damn use and shut up you right amen amen god bless you sir
right i say put it put it and in the same cell with mayor pinga put the two-minute together
they suck and come to squad on this thank you so what sir how do you like that there's not
there's not enough cops over here to go there's just not enough uh hysteria going on yet
so let's see if we can't get a bunch of hysterical people down here and then make it worth
their while what a piece of crap he is you can't complain about the media in this town because
generally speaking there isn't any just have a bunch of irresponsible hysteria uh uh uh
fan burners is what we got they're burning it fan in the flames of crap like that Elliot
Rodriguez and his new guy oh this this can Rosado why can't i turn off channel four i can't stop
watching it and i hate it because the others are so no not because it's good but because the other
ones are so much worse that is one hell of a condemnation of channel six channel seven and channel
ten channel four is just i mean they can't even their direction of the news is horrendous the cameras
they're always working looking in the wrong place they can't get the stories on here they're lost
that angel array if that thing gets any bigger they're gonna start confusing it with Enrique that
big thing under pus and one under face don't look too good either god but the other ones are so
much worse if we only had like a real newspaper in a real the the local station would real news on
it god will we make some god damn progress here is that gonna happen anytime in our lifetime oh so
calm down calm down once we'll be here for my good friend by the way do you ever speak to a Brad
from Tony's yes i did now he didn't want to talk to me that day on the attorney break did he
or maybe he forgot he didn't mention huh well no i didn't hear what he said i mean you know it's
embarrassing you had that happen where you kind of like drive away like a bad out of hell as i'm
want to do and i'm we're getting out of here every day i want to get the hell out of here i don't
want to stop in the even though we do love Brad from Tony's especially since they bring the speed
once today that thing with Andy though that's just shocking shocking 35 years old fat dead
and these people think it's again they think it's uh oh yeah that kneel you sure a belly
axle well and stop eating and stop eating all the god damn food stop eating all that god damn ice
cream over there in the Amsterdam in his court everyone has the right to a fair trial
but if they're proven wrong he has the right to make them get down judge change brown
judge is the case 101 no matter what prop versus john thank you mr uh there mr
won't even find the guy that's what was the bad little temper that uh sure uh mr.
john's and i carpooled the work occasionally on the way to work he put in a ricky martin
cassette then he just cranked up the volume on my cassette machine and pulled the knob also i
couldn't turn it down no you're on her i can't stand ricky martin
uh come here mr. john you're running the knob on the cassette machine came up by itself so
and really wasn't my fault oh when you're wrong you're really mad at the young ciannican is the
defendant told me to and he said just turned that was a while ago and i and i did i turned it
no you did i told you i'm gonna add that to my car i said you say i apologize to you
you have my fools in the name of my martin and your god you want to be listening to the judge
jen time that was some soul
i'm saying simple to get a hug man
don't tune in the month thanks the law gets them on you judge James doggie
trouble three at five sixty w two i'm hanged from uh shulas into a clock him both camp
were at six ed cappellan for the gambling degenerate center clock tonight got the all
star game or any interest in no that here's the awarding of the thing that'll be on the
ballot on thursday july 29th just keep one word in mind for this uh penny sales tax
increase no it's one percent increase in your sales tax and date counting no just keep that in
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no it says
shalm i may a date county implement comprehensive transportation plan under ordinance 19
uh whatever number this is abolishing all tools and tool boots on existing expressway system
expanding metro rail by eight new lines and ninety miles adding uh which i can't read this because
it's about facts something fifteen million bus miles reducing uh something in bus fare is including
free service to seniors and building more than a 1000 expressway in roadling miles by
leaving something by leaven a 1% sale surtax on goods and services accepting among others
general groceries and medicine yes or no.
It's a miracle I can read any of this because it's a bad fact but nevertheless there it
is.
And of course just say no.
Here's Miami Beach hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey Neil did you go to Amsterdam also when you were on your trip?
Sure did.
You did.
Yeah because I'm leaving next Thursday to both Amsterdam and Calon funny enough.
Really?
Yeah you'll love it.
Oh I know I know I've been to both several times actually.
Now you go on a train to Calon?
Yeah.
Two hours and 40 minutes.
Piece of cake.
Piece of cake.
How's the weather over there?
The weather was perfect it was like 75 in the day 58 at night.
Every day it was just fantastic.
Oh yeah.
Rain one night.
I just was coming in a hotel around midnight.
Just started pouring in a rain overnight and then in the morning the sun was back out
again.
Excellent.
Yeah last time I went was in the fall and it was pouring.
Yeah.
It was pretty neppy but it was cool.
It was cool.
Okay well glad to hear you're back.
Have a great time pal.
Thank you.
See you.
Bye bye.
Guaranteed you can't miss.
By the way we're at Skipull Airport getting ready to come back yesterday morning at Amsterdam.
Erno was it?
No I wasn't in Skipull it was in wasn't?
Yes it was getting ready to fly to London and then to get on Virgin to get shagged on Virgin
Atlantic.
Thanks again Richard for my upgrade yesterday.
The upper class that's the only way to fly Virgin Atlantic is an upper class.
Leave me when I tell you.
You don't want that meal in the plastic in the premium economy.
Hate to tell you that but I don't want to leave you down the garden path and then have
you get angry and call me a couple months ago.
Oh gee we showered.
We flew with Virgin Atlantic on your recommendation and the premium land economy really sucked.
It did.
But the upper class, they even, I told you they even have the young lady that comes and
offers you a massage for free as part of your upper class.
So thank you for your time.
Here is Kendall.
Dale.
Yes sir.
Hey glad to hear your back.
I have a question for you.
You can talk about anything right?
Anything you like.
Anything I like.
How come you can't talk about arbitrage?
Meaning what?
Meaning I got something.
I got two.
Great like I said we love you very much.
How come you can't talk about it?
Well I mean what is there to talk about?
I talk about it all the time when the ratings come out.
I'm the only person in the market that talks about arbitrage.
You usually cut people off when they want to talk.
Because they get real nervous like if somebody calls like you to and say I've got diaries
and then you say oh well you give them any kind of influence.
You know what I'm saying?
The arbitrage people have a nervous breakdown and they don't like that.
All right you're going to cut me off.
No.
Okay.
Well what does that mean?
Why would I cut you off if you got diaries and you're going to put us down?
That's right.
See there you go like I said we never would cut you off.
All right.
You can talk as long as you want.
Have an architect.
And have a nice select.
I handle that beautifully if I say so myself.
Thank you.
5 670560.
Yeah we need to have a big ass June and by the way the next book the spring book that's April,
me and June that will be out on July 29th.
What a coincidence.
The same day that is bogus and see there's another thing about the election that's coming up
with a penny sales tax.
Is everybody in this audience confident that the results will be accurate?
No.
Like the first metro rail thing back 20 years ago that the election was fixed.
I'll say it again and again and again.
That was a rigged election.
And the fact that there were going to do this thing now with the increased tolls and square
everybody up and the mayor is being quoted on the TV news is saying,
oh well Mayor penis hopes that everybody's really a fed up with this increased toll thing.
So the vote yes for the sales tax to get the tolls off those four roads.
And by the way Dave Splater was right.
It says abolishing all tolls and toll boots on existing expressway system.
Well see that's very misleading to a lot of people because at the Golden Glades interchanges
a thing called the Florida Turnpike and also down here on Bird Road and down here in South Dade.
Which is a state road.
And even though most of us would consider that to be part of the expressway system,
is it included in this thing?
No.
Are those tolls going to vanish?
No.
No.
So as usual, trying to do their best to mislead the public, they could have made it a lot
simpler.
They could have said, you know, they could have said what the hell they were.
Or could have just said like he suggested on four county expressways.
Did they do that?
No.
No because they want to be as vague and ambiguous and pretend to be promising as much as they can for
everybody so they can stick it deep in your rectum.
You can say, oh that felt so good again.
Mayor Penis, let me say it for the hundredth time today, you sir should be in jail.
You have defrauded the people of Dade County.
And don't give me a song and a dance about Miami Dade County because all I did like the other guy in the
facet was incur a lot more expense.
Can you think of any other county in America that's got a hyphenated name?
No.
Like Cook Chicago County?
No.
Wayne Detroit County?
No.
Suffolk Boston County?
No.
Whatever the hell is it?
No.
God damn mother scratching bunch of thieves you've got running this goddamn county.
That's what you got.
Fixed elections.
You got a small handful of self-appointed people already loaded with rolling in money.
They got money in their rectum.
Mickey Harrison and all these other fakers, no bastards at the hero who moved out to California by the way.
After they had raped this town for as much as they could possibly get out of it the night-ritter people.
And they left us with this phony, baloney third world newspaper called the Herald.
That continues to pander to people who hate it like poison who wouldn't even wipe their rectum with it or put it on the bottom of their goddamn
my bird cage.
What am I getting excited about?
First day back right out of the box and I'm getting whipped up to a frenzy.
And they're like something's going to change here?
No.
It sounds good.
He asked this trick and he talked badly.
Crapital records is proud to present the Elvis album everyone's been waiting for.
It's Elvis in Seattle.
I don't mind.
It's real and real.
From the mouth of Dirk Adams.
I'm getting hungry.
I hear it.
Give me a cheeseburger man.
And see if the colors guy left the blue sign.
I'm getting hungry.
That's right.
The King of Rock and Roll.
Let's play the Kingdom and you've got a front row ticket.
Will Jeremy Spook?
And Class of In Elvis covers all the great Seattle bands.
Throw Jam, Soundgarden and the one that started it all.
Nirvana.
Oh man.
I'm a lot of old.
My mosquito.
My libido.
Elvis is wearing land and rocking Seattle only on Crapital records and jays.
And the pass for gatoes.
And the ass and jadees.
And the ass and foes.
And the pass for shaders.
That's right.
That's right.
Let's hear a five-stitchy WQMU welcome.
So we got a call from St. Louis.
So what you already talked to this, both, I mean, this guy last week.
Hello.
Yes, sure.
Present some broadcasts.com, means your plan on going national.
No.
Okay.
We've been out there forever.
Okay.
I'm going to say, at least I'm a little bit relieved.
A little bit relieved from what? You're listening to what right now, but what do you relieve
about?
Well, George tells me you called him last week, so you must have been also listening
last week. So you called him twice last week?
Well, I like to give a program a chance before I make a done.
No, give it a chance and then also call it from St. Louis on your dime.
It's only four cents a minute.
Yeah.
So what's the point?
Well, you're somewhat relieved that this program isn't going national.
We get calls from people all over the world on the Internet.
Well, you're definitely...
Definitely what?
Well, your anti-Christian views and everything.
My anti-religion views, not just Christians, your anti-organized religion.
It's a pile of crap. It's a bunch of propagandists responsible for most of the
ills and misery and suffering in the world today, and you know that as well as I do.
Well, if you're much more successful at this time for Jared Fallwell and Pat Robertson and Dodd-Wallman
to reach out and touch you.
Meaning what?
Meaning like trying to get Mindsspring to stop talking to you.
Oh, you know something I hate to break the news to you, sir.
My great right-wing friend.
But they've been trying to do that for 15 years.
You know something?
This program is still number one.
It will be long after you're sitting there.
Did it with your computer, okay?
Go did it with your goddamn keyboard.
Oh, yeah. Mr. Wildman and Mr. Fallwell.
And don't forget that goofball over there in Tampa too.
Whatever the hell is named. David Katen. Don't forget all of them.
Okay. Yeah.
Time for them to reach out because you can't stand.
You don't understand number one what the first amendment is all about.
And number two, you can't stand the idea that anybody is on a year with a different opinion than that ditto crap that you're into.
That's what that whole rush limbal thing was.
Ditto, ditto, ditto.
In other words, mindless assholes, automaton.
Whatever you say, I don't really have an opinion of my own.
Just ditto, ditto, ditto, whatever you say because I'm a mindless idiot.
Sir, don't waste your time crawling me again.
Okay, maybe George wanted to entertain and humor you a couple of times.
Don't waste your time with me again.
Okay. I'd rather sit here picking my nose and come up with a hell of a lot better material than you got.
Oh, it's time for Mr. Wildman and Mr. Fallwell.
Mr. Fallwell by the way. Don't have time for this show.
He's too busy with a purple tinky winky and with a little affair.
He's too busy worrying about important things like that.
And about those godless bastards at Disney.
He's got his hands full.
My good Christian friend.
What have I always told you?
As soon as they start telling you what good Christians they are,
the more that means that they're into this right wing psychosis
and they're going to try to censor you and stifle you and you know,
blow up your abortion clinic or whatever else it is that they don't like.
Thank God, sir, that you're in St. Louis because in the middle of the summertime,
like right about now, is hot and humid as it is right now.
It's a picnic compared to where it is you are.
St. Louis, a sewer, a toilet.
You're in a perfect place, sir.
Hell, you're living in it.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
How long?
Mobile and West Palm.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
All right, Jesus Christ has never been in.
I've been teaching you around, around, around,
around, around for like 1984 and all these people that,
when you ever go to a new channel or they discover you,
they think this is some original argument that they've been making.
Yeah, right.
But anyway, on the top of time, I'd say he, he's going to be the whistle-bower.
He's going to expose their show to all these good weathering.
Like they haven't been trying to get every goddamn show off the air,
including this one for 15, 20 years with no success, by the way.
Yes, that was a really good one.
Yeah.
But on the 95 issue, not only did they have a 95 blocked off,
they had the construction work to parallel highways you would have to use in order to go ahead and get the pump.
Okay, we're looking here.
You're following down on the way.
Yeah, okay, listen, get you a new phone and call me back, sir.
I'm sorry, but your phone is deadly.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
I hate to do that, but you can't listen to it like that.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
Okay.
Here's a mobile in Marco Island.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Going about that article, you talked about Arcada, the marijuana.
Right.
I've got a kid who goes to college out there.
There's a college in town.
And you're right on.
There's marijuana.
There's a free and easy out there.
How do you like that?
I love it.
Arcada, California.
That's where everybody's moving to.
Get out of this hellhole.
I'm both state college.
Right?
Both.
So it's true exactly what the article said.
I told you.
God bless you, sir.
Well, God bless you.
Hit the yellow.
Listen.
Don't let those run into skies.
You're hard times.
I screw them.
They're going to burn in hell anyway.
Have a great day.
Yes, sir.
One more comment.
How about the corruption of Miami?
Yes.
Well, you got to Latin America,
guns, money, and influence.
You're going to have corruption.
You know that.
Yeah.
Amen.
Bye.
Okay, see you.
So what's he trying to say?
You know, as far as this marijuana stuff,
not bad enough, this anti-organized religion stuff,
but this marijuana stuff, that's got to stop right now, okay?
Or I'm going to call up God, then what's his name on you?
I'm going to call up Billy Graham.
Don't stand again.
Come on.
Don't do it.
Deliciously different.
You're a human factor.
There's a different marijuana.
Yeah, maybe it's about time that Russia ought to take comatters
into its own hands.
By the way, I hate to break the nose to you, okay?
He's as old as Methusel now.
His act is as stale as last year's Halivov.
Have somebody there in St. Louis interpret for you
what Halivov is, okay?
My good, go ahead, your friend.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Let's go dancing this weekend.
Yeah.
There's two guys running about.
I'll go, you know, nothing, guys.
Yeah, okay.
567-0560, pound 566, the other mobile one line.
Here's Homestead.
Hello?
I hate you.
How you doing?
Welcome back.
Thank you so much.
The ID of these Euros, are they all right?
The what?
The Euros.
You know, they call them, they've heard that term Euros.
When they come over here.
They don't use Euros.
Euros are only on paper at this point.
They're not using Euros.
They're still all countries still have their own currency.
Friendly people, though?
I beg your pardon.
Friendly, though.
I thought you were talking about the currency.
The European people?
Yeah, the people.
Of course they're friendly.
So in other words, if you could go back and have another vacation, it still keeps a job.
Would you do it?
Anyway, let me tell you something.
You really ask in the other way for an answer to that question.
It's like when I had the seven months paid vacation two years ago, and people thought, oh, gee,
he sure misses being on the ear.
And I thought, yeah.
Well, listen, you know, ratings says, speak for themselves, right?
Yeah.
Hey, listen, Neil.
I got a couple of...
Are you going to keep making all these rhetorical comments?
I mean, you keep asking me questions that you're answering yourself.
But anyway...
Listen, I got a couple of people.
Do you know Neil?
One-liners.
Okay, 56670560.
Oh, God.
I'd rather talk to the guy from the same lowest again, and I'd rather be dead than talk to him again.
Loser.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
So you can say whatever the hell you want.
But as soon as it starts to get boring, then...
You'll hear that dial tone real fast.
Real quick.
Here's Del Ray B.
Chilla.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You've only gave me a lot of...
Listen, I got to tell you about these sports holes.
And when you were gone, there was somebody called in about a game.
He hit this six years ago.
Yeah.
You wanted to correct one of the boys on the attendance record.
Oh, can you believe this?
Yes.
That's this radio station.
That's the problem with this radio station, sir, is that we got to...
This station 20 hours a day appeals.
They go out of their way to appeal to these no-life nerds.
Oh, my...
Instead of talking about this stuff, that's like really controversial.
And it could really be interesting.
They appeal to all these nerds with their trivia.
We'll bring it up names of...
I mean, Napoleon Kaufman for Christ.
Who the hell gives a crap?
I'd rather hear about George S. Kaufman and he'll dead.
Yes.
They could deep breath, please.
Listen, George, did a great job last week.
Yeah.
I hate it when you go, because like I said, I love you.
It's hard to work with.
Only one kiss per call, pal.
Yeah, George kicked ass the rowing.
There you go.
See, what did I tell you?
You know, he comes on a year.
Nobody's going to sit down the first time or two and be an outstanding talk show host.
This takes a few times, you know?
Right.
No, I'm...
That's why he's going to be on tomorrow.
Can I call somebody a dish bag?
And when they go ahead?
Steve, in Bob, H-H-Tus bag.
Okay.
Love you.
God bless you.
And bookshops.
5670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
By the way, is anybody believe in that Tom Cruise crap?
No.
No.
Huh?
Anybody believe that John Travolta's done?
No.
So let's talk about the Church of Scientology.
Or George is going to take care of that next time he's on.
Never get your green card that way, mister.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good, sir.
I was almost embarrassed if I was from St. Louis, but fortunately my parents had a good common sense to move down here in the early 50s.
Good.
What a hellhole.
What a sweat box that place is, man.
What a toilet.
And as bad as it is down here, I guess it could be always worse somewhere else, right?
Twenty St. Louis, that's right.
I want to make a comment.
You were talking a few minutes ago about the tolls down to Miami, and I don't know if you've been down in Fort O'Rourland up to remember that when they first opened the Florida term pike, supposedly for the first five or seven years, there was going to be a toll road then turned into a freeway.
Right.
Well, that never happened.
In fact, nothing's ever going away.
It's gotten higher and higher.
Yeah, the deal was that when they raised enough revenue to pay for the construction of it, that the tolls were going to be eliminated.
You got it.
It reminds me a lot of the lotto, to a certain extent.
Right.
You know, where's the money go and what's going on?
And who, how much is the ticket?
And it's interesting, by the way, that the state keeps coming up with all these new and different games, even though we didn't want to be on Powerball, because we don't want to make too much money for the people here.
But all these new and different games are the biggest sucker bet in the universe, which is the lottery.
And the governor is just loving that and sucking it up.
But in the meantime, any other former gambling is evil and we're all going to burn it hell.
Oh, absolutely.
If you believe the governor and the Miami-Herald and Bobby Butterworth.
Right.
Neil, grab your back.
Can I call for me a douchebag?
Yes, sir.
All the corporate monkeys that sound advice you guys are the bags of douche.
Okay.
Thanks, bye.
See ya. Maybe they're sitting on a porch right now. It's a hot summer day.
Five, and then we're monkeys hanging out.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Pound five, sixty on the mobile one line.
Well, we're taking a show.
We're moving it to Goddamn Mar.
Our Canada, California is what we're doing.
We're going to sit around smoking.
I might even take it up myself.
I don't have any particular ailment at the moment that I'm nursing, but I'll conjure one up.
Okay, start to get these real nasty headaches.
That's right.
We're all moving to Arcada.
That would be a good place to hang out.
Maybe that guy from St. Louis could do it, if there are two.
Get some good weed.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
Listen to me.
This is St. Mindstein for sofa king.
You understand?
Where everything is held to the high sofa king's standard.
The selection isn't just huge.
It's sofa king huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And sofa king's price is not just low.
There's sofa king low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say sofa king as a beautiful score, I mean sofa king beautiful.
When I say staff is helpful, I mean sofa king helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the sofa king and enjoy a selection that's sofa king huge.
A staff that sofa king courteous and pricey that is sofa king low.
You'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me.
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stine.
So fucking good.
You Santa Frankie sofa king good.
From 30 to 560 WQA.
I'm happy Monday to you.
A we're having a great time, right?
I don't give a crap.
567 O560.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
We got two or three hundred open lines here for it between now and two.
We got that guy all whipped up into a frenzy.
He's squeezing himself up over there and St. Louis.
Let's hear it.
Quartz, Quartz.
Not too late.
Here's the mobile in four water deal.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
The bottom line is these guys Christian went convenient.
You know I listen to your show all the time.
And George was talking about it last week.
It just I've got one that works with me.
It's only good when he can use it against a situation.
Right.
They're just they're just hate mongers disguising their hate with his faith as something that it's not.
Absolutely blows me away down there in the banana republic.
I live in Fort Waterdale.
The bottom line.
When I have to go to a date county.
I hear I just get so burnt up and pissed off about date county and the way they run the politics down there.
It just absolutely blows me away.
But it's going to be running up this way.
Get the hell out of South Florida.
I can tell you.
No, what do you mean it's going to be run?
What is that mean?
It's going to be running up this way.
The bottom line is the politics politicians just keep on.
They're in kuhuts with each other.
Everybody's.
It's the same as the school.
You mean like that new shopping mall that Wayne's going to build across from the arena?
There you go.
There you go.
Exactly right sir.
The bottom line is just like the Christian.
Okay, 567-0560.
He said one time too many within SH.
567-0560.
We got Hank Goldberg at Shulas today at 2 o'clock.
We got Kim Boatcamp for 6 tonight.
And Ed Kaplan if you're one of those GA people, 10 o'clock this evening.
Keep you off the streets.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, and how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Did you read the article on Sunday's Harold about the collision with a Coast Guard cutter?
Was he 12 refugees?
I read the first page in the hero and then I realized that it was totally tainted in wisdom.
So then I read the accurate story in the Sun Sentinel which is more mirrored the story that I had seen on CNN.
I didn't see that already and read that.
They said the guy was slinging on a sheddy at the Coast Guard Cutters trying to throw him life jackets.
Aren't these people being arrested? Aren't they law enforcement officials on the water?
Yeah, exactly.
They're supposed to be out there to intercept them to say they're lives if they're in peril, which they did save 11 of them, yes.
What happens if you swing on a sheddy at a Metro-Dade cop?
You go to jail.
Exactly.
If you live that long.
Exactly.
Anyway, I've got a beef with one of your sponsors.
Okay, we'll call them up and tell them about it.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, huh?
Hello, Neil?
Yes.
How are you, sir?
Okay.
Listen, a couple of things.
I've got lots of stuff.
I know I can't do all of these things.
Take your time.
We don't have a run out like flooded with Colle here today.
We're not.
Take your time you want.
Thank you for three hours.
Thanks very much.
Number one, I was just recently in Chicago with my wife.
He flew off the flew back from Chicago.
And they have a new thing on the airlines now.
And it's called lying, which is not new.
But they lied to you about when they're leaving.
Then you get on the plane.
By the way, Andy Rooney, who I usually can't stand,
I saw his piece at the end of 60 minutes last night about the airlines.
Nice going, Andy.
He said everything that all of us who fly commercial flights wanted to say.
He said it all and it was great.
I'm going to say one thing more about it.
They put you on the plane and tell you they're going to leave.
Then they taxi on out to their little takeoff spot.
And then you sit and then the pilot gets on.
He mumbles like he's on coilo.
And he's saying this stuff about, well, we're waiting for our,
the paperwork to be done.
We're waiting for the tower to tell us.
10 minutes goes by.
20 minutes.
30.
That's hot in this goddamn plane.
Yeah.
It's hot.
60 minutes.
Right.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
But I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And I'll end here.
And actually, that's howич сил come enriched here.
I always scratch the wall?
Southeast, no.
My father's having problems with his prostate. That's why mom's so cranky.
I still want to be going.
Okay, 1242 at 560 WQIM.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
567-0560. A lot of calls on that man-tie thing, right?
No. Nobody cares about that. I told you. Nobody gives a flying crap about the Marlins.
But the fact is, I mean, talk about embarrassing.
Give it away 20,000 pins with this one guy's picture on it, one of the most popular players on the team.
And one of the only decent ones on this team on a horseball team that they're begging people to try to come out and see.
And on the day, on the same night that they're giving a pin to way at that game, the day during the daytime, they trade his ass away.
Nice go on Dave Dumbbrowski. Nice go on air, John Henry.
See, people thought that it was all Wayne.
That as soon as Wayne got out of the picture, that something would change.
Well, Wayne was just the... it was kind of like, you know, Paxion and Clear Channel.
Paxion are the ones that like, deballed WIOD.
And then the Clear Channel came in and they killed it. They put in the final touches.
Here's a mobile and Delray B.
Chilla.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
Hey, I just got back from the real record of what was up in Kalamazoo and Lansing and the water and all that last week.
And it's want to say how refreshing it was to walk down the sidewalk and some of these hardware stores.
You know, and have the wheel barrels and the lawn mowers and all that out front, not locked down or bolted down or chained down and all that.
Yeah.
Secondly, I didn't see too many lawn mowers in Amsterdam,
Cologne or Milan, Italy, but we had a big time nonetheless.
Yeah, I know.
Didn't see too many things that pulled it down.
The animals think out on display and not have bolted down and you know,
where the owners aren't worried about it getting carted away, you know.
But, um, secondly, how refreshing it was to travel down 9.96 and 9.94 like that.
And have people actually get out of your way as you're coming up on.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, we're just restating the obvious.
This is a rude place where everybody does their own thing and nobody gives a crap about anybody else.
It's not going to change.
Yeah, that is the bottom line.
I was aware of that.
That is the only line.
Sure.
That's what it's all about here.
It's just a rude and different selfish place with all these different people with their own agendas.
Well, I wasn't aware how I guess I'll probably have to be from that neck of a woods,
but it was just a nice change of face.
That's a good place to be from.
Whatever reason in the Montfort Lane area,
they still get out your ways or coming up on.
But, uh, well, I'm not sure we didn't have as good a time in Amsterdam,
Milan and Cologne as you didn't land.
But, uh, Cologne,
it's thick and town's up there, whatever.
But, it was just nice to be up there and, you know, uh, you know, have that happen.
Okay.
Well, I'll see you in Okamus.
Hey, I'm a Neil.
Yeah.
Neil, I don't know.
I'm normally asking this, but Jerry Tate is the epitome of due facts.
Okay.
All right, Blake.
Did he ask her?
He wasn't taking any chances.
Nice go, insert.
Oh!
Because I could have said no.
567-0560, pound 560 on the mobile line.
Here's the facts from Steven Ford Myers, who says,
regarding that Schmuck from St. Louis,
he said, I heard that asshole from St. Louis.
Called twice last week trying to admonish George for his God bashing.
And I always call today in a feeble attempt to threaten you
with the donation to the fiery pits of hell for your anti-religion views.
Here's a question for numb nuts in St. Louis, says Steve.
Why is he interfering with your show when the clown in the address,
the Pope, goes to Missouri and interferes with the decision of the state to save a convicted killer?
Shouldn't the clown have met with the family to console them?
Wouldn't that have been the Christian thing to do?
Ask Steven for Myers?
Uh-huh.
For which the answer is obviously yes,
but since you don't give a crap about that,
he's more interested in grandstanding and putting on a goddamn act.
Which by the way, a very interesting letter to the editor in the
Harold International Herald Tribune, or was it in this news week?
I think it's in this news week, which maybe I'll even open up and find it
about Mother Teresa, who was an invention of the Western media.
And nobody could have given a crap less about in Calcutta,
or anywhere else in the world, where people actually have a brain about what's really going on.
Oh, and I-oh, jeez!
Thank God I opened up the news week again.
And speaking of lunch, by the way, where the hell is it?
Huh?
I hope that that bread, he's not giving us any more lunches, he's pissed.
But at any rate, uh, in the same news week that's got the thing on the cover is God dead,
this is the June, or July 12th issue.
I'm leaving through this thing on a plane, kill on some time, and here's an article and the-
Oh my god!
The article is called Generation Agnier.
So I'll give you 75 guesses, and the first 74-year-old count, as to whose picture is on the front.
So we have that thing, what is that under?
Oh, it's under-
Bill Dreck, who it says is 31 years old, if he's 31, he must have lived the worst life of anybody
ever known, okay? He could pass for 45 easy.
Generation Agnier, raised on rock and Ricky Martin, the Latin generation
nexus, cruising the American mainstream, rediscovering their roots and embedding new
bicultural identity without losing anything in the translation.
This is one of the most obnoxious articles you could possibly ever read,
especially living here in the middle of this, and especially having experienced that out loud
crap with Bill Tech on whammy.
That sure went over big, didn't it?
Yeah.
And to make it even worse in part of-
this is like a section, like pages and pages of the same swell.
There's an article called the Legacy of Generation Agnier, by some bitch named-
what is her name?
We're now a Christy Haubeger.
Kind of a name is that for some whole yet.
Christy Haubeger.
And she goes on about 20 years ago, some mainstream observers declared the 1980s the decade of
the Hispanic, the Latino population was nearing 15 million years since double.
And she goes on basically in a very arrogant and familiar sounding way,
telling us that America is going to be bilingual,
faces whether you like it or not, America is going to be bilingual.
Back in 1849, the California Constitution was written in both Spanish and English,
and we're headed that way again, so it says Christy.
Are we headed that way again?
No.
I will, for once, she says, look forward to that pivotal moment in our history when all
American men finally know how to dance.
And she goes on and on trying to be very cute, but really being very arrogant and obnoxious,
telling us about what it's going to mean, and we better wake up and sniff the daffodils,
et cetera, and so on.
So forget about a simulation.
Forget about the fact that we should be trying to get along.
Basically, here we are, and if you don't like it, get out of our way,
because we're taking over, is what she says.
Kind of like expanding the whole of Dave County philosophy over 50 states.
Nice going here, Christy.
Bitch.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Davey.
Hello.
Bill Dreck and Todd.
Okay, great.
Woody, isn't that amazing?
First day back from vacation right out of the box, and there he is.
With a real bad cell phone, too.
Sorry, things aren't going good enough for you to get a real cell phone, Woody.
Here's Halondale.
Hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
If God does exist, and He loves everybody,
yeah.
Why didn't He send someone throughout the world before coming?
Isn't the world is about not seeing them?
Why didn't He send somebody to Hugo Sravio to ruin all those people?
He's busy worrying about ball games, sir.
He's listening to prayers of all those athletes.
I mean, didn't understand, sir.
He's got his priorities straightened out.
All in those US women were praying for a goal error to break that goddamn
scoreless deadlock this weekend.
He said, well, I'll think about it.
And then they had to wait for the shootout.
I mean, just just a whole concept of it.
It's so ludicrous on it.
Oh, well, he's a loving God.
But of course, we have cancer and tuberculosis at Leprecy
and 80 million other diseases and every kind of German virus and bacteria,
ever, etc.
But he's a loving God and therefore,
he don't bother stepping in.
He don't interfere.
Just keep praying.
Say a lot of prayers, but he don't answer many way.
He don't interfere.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
I just wanted to tell you that
Governor Jeff Bush and his cabinet are June the 22nd.
Oh, yes.
Oh, did they show up?
I feel that I'm losing contact with the show now.
Why do I feel at this moment?
To sharply limit casino cruises
that the ships can no longer dock.
Yeah, we never know that.
That's why it's considered sovereign.
Right.
By the way, it says that allowing the boats to dock on publicly
old land puts us in a partnership with casino camp.
Right.
And we certainly don't want any part of that.
No, we don't.
So I just want a little larger list.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
There we go again.
I'll step back into the Stone Age because we got a bunch of goody
two shoes up there running this entire state.
And the rest of the people are all sitting around going.
Like that.
I'm telling you, if that thing passes,
if that penny sales tax passes in Dave County on July 29th,
I'm going to be spitting blood.
I promise you, I will spit blood right here on this counter
the next day on July 30.
Here's a mobile in four lotterdale.
Hello.
Hello, Dale.
Yes, sir.
I'm glad you're back.
I have to thank you.
I just come back from Amsterdam.
Really?
It was the best vacation I ever took.
It was unbelievable.
How can you go wrong?
Oh, and the people.
It's just amazing.
All friendly people smile and laugh and have it a great time.
And then we always check when you land in Miami,
airport.
Let me tell you.
I know.
Oh, so I think there's more people sticking
with you than in Miami, airport.
I would buy that.
Amazing.
And I was able to bring cheese in.
I don't know.
He said something about cheese.
I bought tons of cheese in.
I declared it.
I don't found it.
Yeah.
I told him if he didn't let me go through,
I would cut the cheese.
You could okay.
Get out of here.
Anyway, it's sticking over the airline.
They flew in with Martin and the flight was, you know, so so.
You have to move in.
You know, music.
I just say it's a mixed bag.
The thing with Martin there, I don't have to tell you.
If you want to fly nonstop directly,
they got you by the balls.
Miami to Amsterdam.
The only airline you can fly is Martin there.
I did the Virgin Atlantic thing, which is okay,
but you got to stop in London.
Then you got to get on KLM and you got to posh
around and it's a pain in the ass.
Oh, the time it was great was great.
I was kind of after all.
I was off to, uh, what is it?
It was about 9.5 hours straight.
It was great.
It was great.
But there was no music or no movies.
And there's food stock.
But the people are nice.
So we've got to let you tell you.
If you have the sea wolf or the sea bass.
I had a good time, pal.
Doc Abel, see you.
Why do I get the feeling that I wasn't
communicating with him?
You know what I'm talking about?
I just had that feeling.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We got the hour and seven minutes to kill about 400 open lines on here.
Lunch just arrived.
Thanks again, Brad from Tony's.
We love you.
Just don't stop me on the guide damn turnpike
anymore on the way home.
Okay.
I'm a busy guy with dogs to feed.
I don't have time to be poaching around.
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, sir?
I'm doing pretty good.
Hey, I'm speaking of airlines.
Don't ever fly spirit airlines.
Okay, I got back.
By the way, by the way, before you go on with your story,
I got to tell you and I'm not making a sub.
The name of an airline.
You know how silly the British are?
When we got, we flew over and we get to London.
And we're getting, we're going to the KLM
counter to get from London to Amsterdam.
And we're looking at the various names of the airlines, you know.
There's an airline, a British airline called Suckling Airlines.
How do you like that?
I want airline U-Fly.
Suckling.
Suckling freaking airlines.
Anyway, go ahead, I'm sorry.
Unreal, but yeah, I feel some bad airlines at my time.
But this one, I'll tell you, they put you in there like,
cattle number one.
What was it?
Spirit.
And number two, you get no respect for being such a little carrier.
Because when you turn up like,
London Newark, you can fly around up there for a good 45 minutes
and let all the big guys win first.
Then on the way back, same thing.
It was terrible.
I would rather pay next year or $1,500 next time.
It was so cheap, with $163 runs from New York.
So we're giving a shot, but never again.
They give you a soda and a bag of goldfish.
I'll say it's basically the old thing.
You get what you pay for.
Right.
Yeah, that's why I didn't want to hear any more of that guy
with his ATA story.
My God, that was pondering.
What does he get?
I shouldn't have known better.
You get what you pay for.
I just wanted to let you know.
Don't ever, don't ever say a few bucks.
Don't fly them.
There's no first class on there.
I mean, I don't fly first class anyway.
It's ridiculous what they charge.
You write about that.
But just to tell you, don't ever fly there.
It's ridiculous.
OK, we got it done.
Thanks a lot, Tom.
Bigity.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
What is his good?
Thanks a lot, Brad, from Tonys, which is at $193
Northwest Second Avenue.
Am I right about that?
Yes, which is $441.
Like I said.
I'm going to QAM, Miami, 40-day.
I want you to have tight people that use happy openers
for their show segments like that one to two hours.
Something bothering you, Mr. Spongebob.
I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans.
I find their illogical and fuchsia emotions
constant irritant.
Unlike you, we humans are full of unpredictable emotions.
Love, tenderness.
Yes, they'll be afraid.
It's my hand.
Hold on.
You are beautiful.
You're beautiful, and any dream will beauty have ever known.
What is your point, Mr. Spongebob?
My hand.
Kiss me.
You're here, mine.
Cross-effect if you're required to try to keep you,
no, no, you don't really want to hurt me, do you?
But that's in my way.
No, I don't think so.
Love.
I can't.
Pay me some quick.
Ah!
I'm reading your lies.
I can offer some positive out of that.
I'm not going to get the wrong entry point.
Yes.
Very well, Captain.
Try again.
This place is huge.
What are you waiting for, hurry?
If you'll excuse the intrusion, Captain.
Oh!
Very bad, Captain.
An appropriate choice of terms, Captain.
My face is weak.
Got you, Mrs. Erwin.
Two.
Two.
Part.
Don't.
Ah!
Ah!
I'm behaving disgracefully.
I have used an animal flesh.
I've enjoyed it.
I believe he was disheart.
He was thankful.
In more ways and more.
I don't know why I have not been infected.
Thank you, Mr. Spock.
We're going to need to meet from both of us.
101 at 560, WQM.
It's our big one to two hour.
Look at that phone.
Maybe two lines that lit up on air.
It's pretty exciting.
Isn't it?
No.
567, 0560,
0560 on the AT&T line.
By the way, let's hear from somebody to call it
and give us a greater line, huh?
Is that going to happen sometime this year?
No.
Come on.
I want to...
Kauanna says in airline, what about the American Legion?
Here's Miami Lake.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
It's just a quick question about that one penny tax bulls.
Bull crap.
Bull crap.
Yeah, bull.
Yeah.
Bull shit.
Yes.
Yes.
I'm looking for the CH.
What is going to stop people from going over to Broward County
and buying their...
Absolutely nothing, Sierra.
They will especially if they're like you were in North Day
and you wanted to go to whatever was
like by a major purchase that there might be
1% would be a big significant...
Well, one and a half actually because up in Broward,
you pay six, and that's 6.5.
Right.
So, I mean, I heard the other day that they're going to
put some type of measures to keep people from
from day County going over to Broward at to buy.
Yeah, they had that big wall that they're putting up here.
Probably to defend the coast, but I got there to hose it down.
There you go.
Or Mayor Pingo, one or the other.
Bye.
See you in Broward.
Okay, 600 open lines, 5, 6, 7...
Have we had a woman call the day by the way?
No.
Have we had one woman to welcome me back for my vacation
and say, gee, it's great to have you back
and we sure hope you had a great time.
Have we had one?
No.
In three hours and three minutes now?
I had a lot of women last week.
Yeah.
On the air too.
Oh, yeah?
They don't call me.
They're a scared crackless of me.
What a bunch of cowards.
5, 6, 7, 0...
Well, my Georgia is more likely.
You know, I'm just a miserable piece of crap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Hey, listen, I can go back on vacation tomorrow.
There's planes leaving air every day of the week.
The big Virgin gets up there.
We can you shag it over there to wherever I'm going.
No problem.
I won't take it personal.
As long as those checks keep coming,
what do I give a crap?
Who needs this?
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Welcome back.
As a matter of fact, this girl who called Georgia last week,
Best Color of the Week, he did a Phil Henry honor.
Yeah.
And I don't know if you heard about it.
No, he was listening to it this morning
and squeezing himself when he was listening to it.
Anyway, I'm going to miss you.
I got my...
Don't have one woman call his show today.
How do you like that?
For feeling like insufficient?
You'll get one.
My doubted.
Yeah. Anyway, I'm going to miss you.
I get my release papers from Florida September 1st.
Do I get a big O for that?
Oww!
Thank you very much.
Do you need any of my lunch?
I give you one.
I give you one.
35 years almost to the day
that I came back here to school.
And I guess I can pick you up on the internet one for the one.
Sure.
Just like you can go to St. Louis and hang out with that guy.
I have to be listening every day.
I'm going to be starting out in Vegas.
I got a brother out there.
But...
I don't know.
I'm going to bun run.
Europe, I'm going to do some stuff.
Great.
Did you hear about that Ricky Martin Viasco in Tampa yesterday?
No.
The tickets went on sale for his concert,
which it takes place in October.
They were camped out there for days.
And I mean...
Oh my god.
Oh my god, it's right.
And you know, for a person without a voice,
that's pretty amazing.
Oh.
In Tampa?
In Tampa.
At the...
What do they call it?
Where do they play baseball?
Errr...
Me to meet you, how do I mean?
I don't know.
That's what we're simply.
Anyway, you mentioned something about Mother Teresa a couple of minutes ago.
Right.
Some types of this expose about five years ago.
And it was titled Prayer, Not Care.
In other words, that she was much more interested in saving the souls of these kids
and feeding them.
And it was an amazing piece.
And I think a lot of...
And she sluts her whole life around the world,
preaching this stone age bull crap,
and encouraging people not to use birth control and to use condoms.
And the God only knows how many people she's responsible for being dead today.
Oh, and all these kids and how cut it in her shelter.
I mean, if they didn't, you know...
See, you know, when you get away from this country and you stop being brainwashed by the Western press
and you start reading about, you know, the rest of the world,
what they have to write, then you're going to find out what people really think all over the real world.
Yeah, I guess this is not.
So I read Hannibal over the weekend.
Yeah.
And I know you're not in fiction, but Thomas Harris,
he's an amazing writer.
And I just hope I help they do make a picture out of it.
I don't know if maybe somebody out there has some information whether,
you know, they've signed...
I mean, they can't do it, obviously, with that Hopkins and...
It puts the notion in the basket.
Exactly.
Okay, have a great time, pal.
Start that in Florence, by the way.
All right, good choice.
Okay.
Take a lot of money.
Thanks.
Okay.
Don't go to Milan.
Let me tell you, it's even more expensive than Florence.
It is a rip-off.
Food was pretty good, but boy, talk about expensive.
Woo!
I mean, if you're a multi-multi-millionaire,
if you're like a real big, uh,
a mover and shaker, then go to Milan.
Otherwise, forget it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8.
What is with this Ricky Martin?
Thanks, folks.
My dear folks, chin and the five-hines,
so friggin' brown.
They're both friggin' brown.
They're both friggin' brown.
We have to go.
Oh, man.
I love the three-fantastic shots of string chance on my pie.
If, like, I knew a dick shot, I'd be on stage at night.
The gun's to take care of clothes off and stop dancing in the aisle.
All right.
I know that I should make them stop putting on when things get smile.
If I put a reason down.
Oh, that's a pretty day at night.
I'm driving the wind and the wind goes up.
I twist my hips and play.
Driving the wind and the wind goes up.
These three days cry, days won't end in freedom.
And I'm the road girl.
This thing is so rich.
Driving the wind and the wind goes up.
That's me my car's on the road girl.
I'm riding a house in the road girl.
OK, what is this?
Mayer penis to hold a media availability regarding the toll increases in the county expressway.
It is office today at 130 this afternoon in about 23 minutes.
A media availability.
Kind of like after the fact.
Thank you, Mike.
Mayor Pinga, he belongs in jail right now.
Right behind bars.
Immediately, not sooner.
So anyway, in Europe, you mentioned Ricky Martin's thing.
You know what they all say.
Medicone.
I'm sorry, it's even the Amsterdam where they don't speak Spanish at all.
Medicone.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
I just wanted you to know that I'm happy that you're back.
And I listen to your show every single day.
And I love you.
Well, God bless you.
I'm glad, Neil.
Thank you so much.
And have a nice life.
You too.
There you go.
She cared enough to send her very best, which wasn't a lot.
But that was thoughtful of her, huh?
Willing just don't want to communicate with me.
You know, they like those macho guys like Ricky Martin.
And you know Nick Carter from the Backstreet Boys, you know what he said, don't you?
He said I'm not the ****.
Yeah, but 5'6 7'5 60, 05 5'60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and coral gable.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Good.
Can you keep the finger over the goddamn beep.
It nearly rang my ear off my head.
But are you talking about airlines?
Are you been Swiss Air?
Swiss Air, no.
Oh, talk about first class there.
I don't know.
I haven't been to many first classes.
The continental airlines and United and arrow Mexico is about all I've been on first
class.
But yeah, they bring out the Alacardt, all your food there.
And they stuff your brains out.
If you're having you are hungry for any amount of time there, you must have a tapeworm
because they feed you like every hour.
Every two hours.
Yeah.
But yeah, it's a trip of a lifetime there.
So obviously you weren't first class.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the only way to go.
I mean, you let the schlepper stay in the back of the bus.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, well, I've flown the coach through Euro-Airo Air or something like that.
Air Europa.
And that was something that worked.
I think they're connected with suckling airlines myself.
Okay, well, I'm glad he had a good time on swiss ear.
Will you fudge back him?
Yes.
The young man turns 28.
He scored the sweetest bag.
I'll come the next day.
All right.
It's too many seeds.
In your dime bag, getting to the party.
Two minutes to live.
Isn't it the chronic party?
Don't you think?
It's not a dream.
When you're not hungry, the free bag.
When you're already baked.
Who would be the best you've tested in case?
Who would have thought you'd get it?
Hard-sounding that you already ate.
A no-donna sign.
A love that you've raised.
It's like 10,000 joys when all you need is a light.
It's like having a feel of your dreams.
And then finding out you've got tens of all.
Can be as we speak chronic.
Don't you think?
A little too much chronic.
Yeah, I really do think.
It's not a dream.
When you're not hungry, the free bag.
When you're already baked.
Who would be the best you've tested in case?
Who would have thought you'd get it?
Once, sixteen, five, fifty, WQAM.
Oh, this is great lunch today from Tony's.
Nice going, Brad.
And thank you so much for all the nice things you said about my car.
And they're absolutely correct.
Well, look who we have here.
How are you?
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Welcome home.
Happy prom.
Happy prom.
No tissue buff comes first.
Oh, is tissue buff coming?
July 22.
All right, great.
Tell me.
When you were on your vacation.
Yes.
Do you have any aches and pains?
Only in the back of my neck.
I hit like a pain in the neck.
In the neck?
You know, kind of like when your skin is like real sensitive in one spot
to the touch and then you keep touching it and aggravating and irritating it.
And if you would just leave it alone, it wouldn't be.
But other than that, no, I felt great.
Oh, that's good.
Why do you ask?
Well, because I have aches and pains.
Well, because you get the nervous and you upset yourself.
I upset myself when I'm on my vacation?
No.
Well, only when I come back.
When you come back.
Yeah, well, yeah.
Now I have aches and pains.
Oh, you undo the goods that you've done.
That's right.
By going away.
Takes ten days to go for me to go away and get some energy and then takes me about an hour back here on the year to resolve it.
Yeah, tell me.
That's why I'm going back on vacation tomorrow.
Ha, ha.
How's your mother?
She's still the same.
And the dog.
And the dogies?
Dogs are great.
Oh, that's good.
They're very happy that we're back, but she did a great job this time.
Didn't overfeed the little dog.
Nice go on, ma.
Don't do it again.
That's what you said to me last time.
Right.
Yeah.
Okay.
Why I told her how to deal the right way with that little dog.
You know what I told her?
Yeah.
Don't take any bulls**t on me.
And it works out great.
Have a great day.
That's it, your buff.
You too.
Take care of yourself.
Bye-bye.
Okay, thanks for calling, ladies.
She's okay.
So we're happy about that.
We're very distraught about our good friend Andy from the hockey games who died at the age of 35.
Whoo!
Boy, it goes to show you all these people that keep procrastinating waiting all their lives.
You know, they're ones that are saving for rainy days.
It's smart to say that's, I can tell you that.
That's good.
But don't just save all of it away for the day that you're 90, because guess what?
When you get to be 89.5, just when you think you're already to spend that money.
Oh, too late.
And why should you leave it for anybody else?
Oh, we got to leave our money for the kids.
Why?
Let the kids go out and make their own God damn money.
Just spend it.
Just put it in the economy.
Have yourself a good time.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
Great.
I am Neil.
I know, back in the catch in your penny sales tax and all that garbage up and down and over.
Did you see in the editorial today the Brickle Tunnel?
Yeah, I saw that.
And the hero basically what they're saying is, all the mayor's got enough in here to set.
Don't do the Brickle Tunnel, but everything else is great.
So they're already telling us that they're going to come out and support this crap again.
Right. Well, it says it's a very bad.
Even without a Tunnel Miami would be a big winner with the tax.
Right.
Exactly.
So they're prepping us for the fact that they're going to come out and support this.
Just like that.
It was Metro Rail.
Yeah.
They could just spend the whole period.
They could tell you something, sir.
There are a few nice people there.
So I leave them out.
I'll make a few exceptions to the hero.
But other than those few people, the right to the people there, they should only croak a wicked death.
That's two or three people, I think.
One or two, yeah.
Two or two.
And in closing, have you ever seen Jokarroyo and Alex fingers in the same room with Ricky Martin?
Good point.
Good on the muddy corners.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, this Ricky Martin thing, boy, I'm telling you, there's no accounting for taste.
Couldn't sing his word of a paper sack.
Couldn't sing his word of a goddamn foreskin.
But all of a sudden here and of course, I see at least Jennifer Lopez.
I mean, everybody understands that.
I guess these chicks think he looks great, though.
He looks okay.
Especially with those silly leather pants on.
Yeah.
Looks like a chipmunk and heat.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 6 60 on the 8.
And Jennifer Lopez to be honest with you, from the chin up, she don't look all that great.
She plays a mean gin ball.
From the chin down, she's pretty them good.
But from the chin up, I would say not too great.
Number one masturbation video in the world, Jennifer Lopez.
What's that?
See now, unlike, for example, like the Madonna song,
well, you don't like the song?
Oh, which song?
I was...
You were talking about the video.
Yeah, that's a good song.
And I hate Madonna.
I haven't liked the song of her since borderline.
I mean, you know how long ago that is?
That's 100 years ago.
I can't stand her.
But that's a pretty good song, and it's enhanced by...
And I see you don't like the video.
I think the video is funny.
That's because I got shagged by the Virgin.
Seriously, he was right outside of the plane.
We take a look at the plane sitting there at the gate in London
at that horrible Heathrow airport,
which is just a pathetic old crappy place.
And here's Austin Powers right there on the side of the plane,
doing this one with his hands up like this on top of the head.
That's my favorite.
And the dead muskrat on his chest.
That's not too bad.
Maybe that's what happened to JP.
Maybe Muskrat down on his chest.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
I guess we won't see him, though, more, huh?
We won't see him, now that Jason has spirited him away.
I wonder what they're doing together.
Here's the lady in Cooper City.
Hello.
Hi, welcome back. How are you?
Thank you so much.
You have a good time.
Great time.
Did you happen to taste guiding light while you were going?
No.
Oh, see, you know, that...
You can sure update me.
Well, nothing really happened.
I mean, it's been very...
You know, it's two weeks, and it's like...
Can you give me a story going on here?
I mean, it's been very dragged out this whole thing.
You know, Riva went to San Cristobal.
Right.
You know, find out what horrible things she did.
By the way, B.
Look, let me interrupt you.
You know, the young guy that played Zach,
I'm guiding light. Remember him, the angel?
Oh, yeah. That was a long time ago.
He's on...
Yeah, that was a couple of years ago when they had Jay and Zach on there.
And I used to watch it.
I used to sit real close to the screen every day.
Zach, the kid that played him, he's on the show.
What's the show that's on before guiding light as the world turns?
Yeah.
He's on there now.
Well, I haven't...
I don't watch that.
I've won one soap that's guiding light.
And I can miss it for months at a time.
Don't miss the thing.
It's just like being out of this time for weeks and months
and you come back into the same old crack.
So you didn't miss anything.
Basically, you'll be up to speed.
Not much, you know, went on.
But I discovered something.
You know, Carmen Santos was driving me crazy.
I was looking at her and looking at her and I said,
I know who this is.
I know who this is.
I can't figure it out.
Do you remember on Miami Vice the two female cops?
I never watched Miami Vice.
She was a female.
I just saw a rerun of Miami Vice and I just said,
that's her.
Carmen Santos.
She's a bitch.
I'll tell you one thing.
And you know, I spent in town like Springfield,
wherever that's supposed to be Michigan or Illinois or wherever it's allegedly.
And they got a Puerto Rican mafia family.
Let's hear it for Springfield.
Oh!
Anyways, that's all it's going on with that.
I didn't know if you had caught yourself up on it.
And about Nat Nantai, I am very pissed off and fired up.
I'm telling you that the Marlins PR machine
would sponsor Lead Weight Night on the Titanic.
Yeah, they really would.
I mean, it's, it's a...
Which would be okay if they make Leo get on there, you know.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Can I make a shameless request?
Don't forget, just say...
No!
...to the Penny sales tax and just say,
No!
...to John Henry and the Marlins.
Go ahead.
Um, motel 666.
Okay.
Bye.
Have a great day.
Thank you so much.
How do you like that?
There's a nice young lady.
Then actually, uh...
Hi, I'm Tom B.L's bug for motel 666.
Here to tell you about our Halloween special.
If you're a Satan worshipper on a budget,
why not stay at motel 666 over Halloween night
and take advantage of our special rates package?
It includes a cold and uncomfortable room,
plenty of floor space for Richell Danson.
Plus, the TV set that gets the Regis and Kathy Lee show.
There's even a hellhole behind the bed.
And to top it off, the manager will come by
with complimentary drinks.
Just specify type A, type OB or AB.
So bring the entire family to motel 666 on Halloween.
And we'll leave a burning goat out for you.
All right, 124 or 560.
560, 7.0560.
£560 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's another lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Great.
I just want to tell you, I'm really glad you're back
to Amsterdam.
It's not the same when you're gone.
And you're the man.
Hey, listen.
My husband just came back to Amsterdam.
And we loved it.
And I can't wait to go back.
Yeah.
People over in Europe are not near as...
Uptight.
And they are here.
Not with their bodies, not with anything.
They're just...
I loved it.
We both loved it.
We can't wait to go back.
Well, they know how to have a good time.
They know what life is real all about.
They just have their heads on straight.
They're not busy going.
I come back here and I'm reading the newspapers
and I'm watching the news yesterday.
And this is shooting over here
and a stabbing guy stabs his wife
twice on the middle of the street.
I mean, just in a few hours,
I'm catching up on the news here.
I mean, just to pile up a body in this town
and it never changes here.
It's just a slaughterhouse.
Yeah, it's a very, it's a very, very nice atmosphere
over an Amsterdam and in France.
We went to France as well
and I was just really impressed with everyone
how unrestricted that they are
and happy they seem
and everyone gets along so well.
It's so harmonious.
And you're right.
Even those concentrated British were at the airport yesterday
and I was picking up some magazines to read on the plane.
And I noticed they've got a sign there.
It says tobacco products will not be sold
to anyone under the age of 16.
Can you imagine that here?
16.
Here if you're 16, you can buy a gun,
but you can't buy a pack of cigarettes.
Oh, I can see.
Welcome to Miami, Mon.
There you go.
Thanks, we're going.
Bye, Neil.
Bye-bye.
Well, and by the way, this thing
with this lawsuit again
that the inflora as usual
against the tobacco companies,
you know, this is the biggest goody-to-shoes scam
in the history of the human race.
How many centuries did they had on the pack of cigarettes
with a skull on the crossbones
and a surgeon general's determined
this is going to kill you
and all this other crap on here?
And now, multi-billion dollar lawsuits.
It's the one to get,
like the one to get general motors,
$4.9 billion.
How about $4.9 trillion?
So I might as well.
All these crazy jury people
who were like all anti-everything
and so, you know, the sky's the limit.
How about suing all the food processors
for selling us food that's harmful to our health?
With all the preservatives
and all the cancer-cuzzing crappin'er,
how about those lawsuits?
One's that kind of stuff.
Probably suing, right?
Uh-huh.
As soon as the ambulance chase is
going to hold a bat crab.
So call me on American, if you will,
but all these, uh,
and these tobacco company lawsuits
are a huge pile of crap.
Oh, well, they were marketing a product
to what they didn't tell us yet, right?
Like, what kind of a rocket scientist
you have to be that smoking faggots
is going to, like, ruin your lungs, huh?
How many decades and decades
did we see, like,
what was his name?
The guy that played Hamilton Berger
on Perry Mason?
Whatever the hell his name was.
I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,
I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to catch you.
Don't smoke.
You know, that's the...
Which, by the way, you know,
as Joe to measure,
he couldn't do that.
He was too good for that stuff.
A little message you could have sent the kids there.
Don't smoke those faggots
because I had lung cancer,
which is why I'm dying here only at the age of 110
or whatever.
By the way, the oldest woman ever,
it was in a picture,
one of the tabloids I was reading
on the plane yesterday,
122 years old,
and the picture of her
with a faggot in her hand.
And a cigarette, too.
Okay, 131 at 560 WQM.
Yeah, he's another one, okay.
Remember those cabin clients spots?
They were outrageous.
Outrangers, it was wrong.
And then, of course,
he's doing a stick in a cigar
and her...
Correct, Joe.
...and never else he was doing with it
and in her f***ing hall,
and doing all these other things,
and getting blow jobs,
which we don't care about,
but nevertheless,
don't be sick to a guy named Hipocrit, okay?
But, you know,
it's required of our politicians
because that's...
That's the American f***ing way.
That's right.
Have to say one thing
and everybody knows you're lying about it,
but you have to, you know,
postured everybody.
All of the cigarette companies,
these people are butchers,
they're murderers.
No, they're not.
They're manufacturing a product
that everybody wants.
That's bad for you.
Just like the people that are making ice cream,
and the people that are making all this other stuff,
and all of the fat people,
like Andy, Reston, Peace,
are killing ourselves with.
See, again, it comes back
to the whole American concept
of nobody wants to take responsibility
for their own actions anymore.
Nobody's holding a gun to your head
and making you go out and smoke cigarettes?
Oh, but it's addictive with the ESL.
They didn't tend to that in the first place.
You weakling.
Next thing you'll be telling us,
you're addicted to the sugar.
Like me.
I haven't had no sugar today.
Of course, it's only 130.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That thing with Andy,
that should be a lesson to all of us,
especially those of us who live longer.
35 years old.
Dead.
Quit choking yourselves
with the fat.
This lunch today, by the way,
is the perfect that can lunch.
Great lunch.
This is the best Tony's ever had.
I don't know what Brad did to this.
He did something special in here today.
Squirt, Squirt.
But God is it good.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
I'm very about the new political regime in the state of Florida.
The Southern values.
Part of your something like that.
The Southern values party.
Yeah, it's a bunch of Republicans that are upset
because they feel like they're being flyer.
There's a bunch of red necks.
Yeah.
Now that they're starting their own party,
they want us to see from the state and
they want to put church in the schools
and all that good American horse crap.
Yeah.
Oh, it's all I wanted to say.
Glad you're back.
And I just want to call somebody a douchebag.
Frankie, over at Howelldale,
in Walgreens, you're a big douchebag.
But we do love Walgreens, don't we?
That's true.
And have a great day.
We hate recruits.
We love Walgreens, right?
Yes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You know what that's all about?
Of course, I don't like shopping in the records anyway
because every thing, every transaction is a major project.
And people with their coupon,
it's just a hassle to shop there.
But the records thing goes back to Jack Eckerts
speaking of right-wing asshole politicians.
And Jack Eckert has long since many years ago
sold out his interest.
He has nothing to do with records anymore.
Well, we still hate them.
It's just like Blockbuster.
Remember that tearful thing when he lied to us
and there was supposed to be Blockbuster Park
and he was going to build a stadium
and do all this other stuff?
And then he tearfully divested all his interest in Blockbuster.
And had that press conference that day
with a crocodile dial tears rolling down his pockmark cheeks.
And so even though Wayne has nothing to do with Jackbuster anymore,
there's still many, many people who hate Blockbuster like poison
because Wayne was associated with it.
I wonder if it's going to be the same way
about the Marlins, okay?
Especially after that mantai deal the other day.
After this John Henry turns out to be just another god damn
Wayne Hypnika and drag.
That's what he is.
In fact, I think it's Wayne with a wig.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
What a great segue because that's just what I wanted to talk about
real quick and then I have a hockey trivia question for you.
I just heard on the news on CNN
that the Marlins just traded, Alex,
consolved in three of the young prospects
that have been getting from their other states to the Boston Red Salt.
Yeah, for a baseball card, a call to your strength, yeah.
No, no, no, for four vials of Ted Williams sperm.
And John Henry announced that...
Okay, thank you.
Vile was the word.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a leading mobile in Coral Springs. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How you doing?
Great.
That's girl.
Remember me for five years ago?
I figured I'll call you again and say hi to you.
You're the one?
Have you figured out what Swift means already?
No.
Have I figured out what Swift means?
Have you figured out what Swift means?
Oh, I didn't hear what word you said.
Swift.
Swift?
No.
I'm not too Swift.
Have you been to Holland recently?
I was, I just came back.
You just came back?
Yes.
I was the weather.
It was beautiful.
It was 75, 78 in the daytime.
It was like in the upper 50s at night.
Oh, wow.
It was great, very little rain.
It was beautiful.
Wonderful.
I like you had a good time again.
It was like going to heaven.
I know.
It's a wonderful place, isn't it?
It sure is.
That's good.
What do you think about the tobacco companies?
Nobody got shot while I was over there.
No tabbing, no murders.
No mayhem.
No bloodshed.
Isn't that amazing?
Yeah.
It's a wonderful world.
Nobody gets too big of a smoke.
Okay, sweetheart.
Have a great day.
I talk to you.
Donkabell.
Bye-bye.
I'll leave whatever that means.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
I think we're going to make it today.
Oh!
I think.
I'm not positive, but I think we might make it until two o'clock.
Cancel me here at two.
That's when we'll start screening the calls extensively.
I still say screenless show on Hang Show today.
I don't want to start interfering with anybody else's show, although I will anyway.
Since the caller is the one I brought that thing up about the embarrassing, excessive screening that goes on in this radio station.
When I think of an extensive, excessive screening of calls on any talk show, there's one word that immediately comes to mind.
You know what that word is?
Boring!
That's the word that comes to mind immediately if not much sooner.
Let the people on here, okay?
The good, the bad, and the ugly.
Not just all these old, old fossils out there.
These crotchety old fossils.
Oh, God.
What do you think about that Yankee meds here?
You know.
Like the guy that called up that day to find out about how do you make a, how do you bid at the track?
Jesus Christ.
You talk about boring.
I wanted to pull off to the side of the road and just hop in the guy that if I would have had a truck in my car which I don't.
Just hop in the truck and close the lid and take a dirt nap or a trunk nap or whatever you'd call it.
God.
Well, you've been exact those, you've been trifectors.
And you put the horse on top or in between.
And if the one makes a break at the start and the four in a, you know, call up Pat Rich out of there.
Now, give me his beeper number, okay?
You can discuss it with a fat man.
Well, with another fat man that we don't have to listen to on a radio.
I love those CDs.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
First thing I want to say with thank you for saying something about the Tom Green show I saw for the first time yesterday.
Oh, so you saw them all where he puked his guts out?
Funny as heck.
I couldn't believe it.
And then I'm not that whoever sidekick is.
Yeah.
He's sitting there getting embarrassed because he interviewed his parents and asked him if he was a homo.
Yeah.
That was funny.
And then the monkey they kept putting the monkey's picture in there and said, yeah, he was the monkey that was drinking his own urine.
Oh, my God.
It was hilarious.
I couldn't believe it.
Thanks for saying something about that show.
I never wouldn't know about it.
I stumbled on it by accident, like all the other good stuff.
You know, you just stumbled.
I love the thing I want to talk to you about.
And I'll show you a few times that the hockey games and stuff.
I know you don't want to talk a lot of hockey and stuff.
But especially in the middle of July, I probably wouldn't.
I know, but I've got to talk about something down here because all the other sports are boring and at least hot.
It'd be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know if you saw it, but supposedly the Panthers try going after Kamensky, but they lost him.
And they want to go after Primo.
What do they want him for?
Well, because he's a big center and that he's actually a playmaker and he could set up maybe Pavel.
No.
That wouldn't be a nice fit here?
No.
Yeah, he's all right.
I would have rather had the Valoray Kamensky myself, but nevertheless.
Oh, well.
He's a great player.
But if I can see the difference is Kamensky is, you know, he's one of those moody Europeans.
And when he decides to show up and play, he plays great, but then a couple of other nights he takes the night off.
You know, he just goes through the motion.
Well, thank you very much, Neil, for talking to me.
And if you don't mind, I would like to call my father a big douchebag.
Okay.
You can carry over my name here, douchebag.
And have a great day.
You too.
Okay.
And Ugu Booga.
How's Ugu Booga doing, by the way?
How's all these other people doing?
How's Radio Waffin doing?
I have a Barry Jackass.
I have another 75 parts of that series yet.
Uh-huh.
About Radio Waffin.
It's going to knock us in the 15th century.
Barry, you're just a fat little turd burger, okay?
And you in a hero that's like a marriage-made in purgatory.
It's a perfect fit.
It's like a rubber glove of a proctologist deep inside your rectum.
Correct.
It's a perfect fit.
Only the hero would hire a little tubby misfit like you pretending to know something,
making mistake after mistake after mistake.
And usually putting your mistakes on the front page of their paper.
Nice go.
The ice pop up!
Up the butt.
I'm going to have a look at the
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
I'm going to have a look at the video.
