Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
You've been talked to Neil called 560 560 toll free per day to the Bradford.
For pound 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil.
His guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
Beasley read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
No, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Speaker.
The vice president.
Members of the 105th Congress, distinguished guests.
My fellow Americans, I have a incomprehensibly large tool.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
You can touch, pick them in the groin, strip the hair off of Jess.
And skill he snores.
Hello, I'm Bernie Coffell and I barely alive.
But I don't snore and here's why.
When we go to sleep, my wife always carries her anti-snore gun.
Not only is it easy for her to use, but it's very effective too.
And here's why.
Just one quick pull of the trigger and you'll sleep snore free all night long.
All right.
If you have a loved one that snores, use the anti-snore gun.
Just with the NRA order.
To order yours, have pretty confident you can call the NRA at 1-800-American way.
It's set a watt at 560 WQAM happy Tuesday to you.
Got a great facts here.
Unlike the facts we had yesterday, although it doesn't make reference to it.
It would be an interesting thing to read, but it's written by Dave Berre.
So will I read it?
No.
No.
A little twerk.
But it's about the beast room meal on the plane.
Nice going to your share.
Some share a lot.
They're not the share that we used to be our friend over there at the Cox.
But at any rate, some other share who says PSM-a-40-year-old lady.
I was too late for backstreet boys to get enjoy.
F blank, blank, blank, Sherry.
Tom Green from Ayer of Miami.
Nice going, Sherry.
Oh!
Here's a lady who don't want anything.
Unlike that bitch yesterday.
By the way, did he hear yesterday?
If he missed the beginning of the show, I should read that again.
Oh.
Sherry up there in Volka.
Another freeloading bitch.
Another freeloading bitch.
Can you get me some?
And by the way, speaking of freebies, free stuff.
Where is Fatboy with my goddamn dolphin tickets in parking pass that he was off to see Ray Perry for yesterday?
Oh, I'll be right back, Pally.
Right back, Pally.
He wants to get lost and highly on the way or something.
With Willie in the hand jive.
God.
What these people around here, man.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, they talk a good game.
I want to tell you before anything else today, the most irresponsible,
the blackest mark in the history of television.
Who do you think it was, by the way?
I know how to do a talk show.
Yeah.
Which ordinarily the only thing I do is I channel surf and believe me this time of the year,
there's a lot of surfing going on.
Even Jan Berry would be surfing if he could.
But he can't.
I tell you about Jan Berry.
Well, he couldn't surf if you saw it now.
The thought of Jan Berry out of surfboard, I think, is a little pathetic.
But so I'll, you know, I'll see who he's got on here and sometimes for a comic relief walk or sometimes out of amazement.
I just couldn't turn it off.
I kept living back to it last night because I kept thinking to myself even at Larry at some point here.
Some point is going to get up and say, you know, you're full of crap, David.
I'm getting out of here.
This is ridiculous.
Did you do that?
No.
David Berkowitz, the son of Sam, which by the way, spiked Lee lays the biggest egg in history of human race.
They yanked at, before it got in the theaters, they yanked in the movie too.
That's how bad it was.
The son of Sam.
And what have I told you for years, this man with the longest tongue in history,
he would, if he could bring back Hitler from the grave, he'd have him under suck at his ass for an hour.
On worldwide TV, it's not bad enough that us in the US, it got to be treated this display, but all over the world.
And by the way, speaking of you crazy people in the media, you know those kids out there in little tin Colorado, a Columbine high.
Leave them the hell alone.
We don't need to hear any updates.
We don't need to see any more interviews.
We don't need to see any tearful parents, any frightened kids.
Leave them alone.
I know it's not, you're not capable of doing it.
You crazy people in the media.
Just leave them alone.
They'll go there back in school and life will go on.
And Ella, just if you leave them the hell alone.
See, one thing that I want to criticize the goddamn people out there at that school system,
they should have, they should have said the media's off limits.
You're not allowed anywhere near our school campus.
And if you don't understand that tough crap, but get out of here.
That's all.
That would have solved the problem.
But because we're another one of those laws, we haven't had any mass murder in the last couple of days.
So now, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you know, because the media will never let anything go.
Once they, it's like a pit bull.
Once it gets its teeth on something, it takes an army to get it to let go.
And that's the media.
These poor kids out there, leave them the hell alone.
And the parents too, you know, oh, you know, are you grieving?
I mean, oh, Jesus Christ.
No, we're not grieving.
We're having a frickin party over here.
Okay, we're having a bar mitzvah.
Crazy people.
But this thing with David Berkowitz last night,
could I be the only person in this audience that saw it?
No.
I sure hope not.
Somebody needs to hold CNN accountable.
Forget about Larry because he's not accountable.
He can't help himself.
He's not a control.
He'll kiss any ass you put in front of his ugly push in front of his hunchback body.
It's like a reflex action.
You know, like a fly catcher.
What do they call those things with a long tongue?
A chameleon.
A lizard.
A frog.
Well, yeah, for any of those that the tongue just automatically reaches out as soon as it sees a fly.
And that's the way it is with Larry.
As soon as he sees an ass immediately that tongue goes darting out.
I'm out of due talk.
To kiss it.
Kissing and kissing and kissing.
And of course, David Berkowitz now, he's born again.
He found Jesus.
What a surprise, huh?
While he was in a slammer, he found Jesus.
And no matter what Larry asked him during that hour,
well, my mind is blank on that.
It was a very dark time and my mind.
But I know the Lord forgives me and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And Jesus does that.
And then the best part of the thing was,
well, I know the audience wants to see you pray for others.
At the end of the show, we're going to have you say a prayer.
And I'm thinking to myself, America should be saying a prayer for itself
that this irresponsible scumbag ass sucker is on their worldwide TV for an hour every night doing these things.
And it's unconscionable.
I know how to do a talk.
You know, forget about the fact that he screwed all these people down here and never paid the money back.
That small potatoes.
Don't need to scare the crap.
You know, you give a man an hour of worldwide television and say, do whatever you want.
You know, make this little B.D.I.D. Ross Piro in a way, a hero.
A little guy who's a laughing stock, who's a joke, who's a turdburger,
who says things that on their face are ludicrous, they're laughable.
Gotta roll up our sleeves and do, do, do, dust off those old studies.
And just bring them back and bring them back and bring them back again and again and again.
All his good friends, Benny, him.
Jerry Falwell, Reverend Robert Schur.
He's a former AirBaker, AirB Phoney, AirB Liar, AirBee Con artist that ever came down to Pike.
This man never met an ass that he didn't want to look.
It's just unbelievable.
He's so funny.
Yeah, that must do it for you.
David Berkowitz, the son of Slam.
And he's talking about how he's talking about the other murderers there in the slammer.
And he's trying to turn them on to Jesus and God and find a religion.
And of course you can just see this whole, you know, they all pull this crap.
Because God has forgiven him, so why can't society?
You know, let's just put it behind us and let him out again.
Because now he's a good Christian after all.
And of course, why is this man alive?
Because of the crappy laws in the state of New York, I love Maria Cuomo, although this was before his time, I believe, way before.
But nevertheless, that was the one thing that he was so wrong on.
With the death penalty.
Why are the, you know, if they would have fried his ass a long time ago, and it should have been fried, the public around the world would have had to be treated to the spectacle last night.
That was the most irresponsible, the worst hour in the history of television.
What did we figure the guy's name was who invented the, the, what was his name?
Invented the picture tube.
Oh, Philo T. Farnsworth.
He's rolling in his frickin' grave after seeing that crap last night.
I mean, just, uh, and then to do it that.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Larry, you are the worst and most irresponsible, the lowest form of sub-human scum on the face of the earth.
You're just, uh, pathetic.
Pathetic.
Is there anybody anxious enough that he wouldn't bring him on to retost those marshmallows?
Is there anybody?
No.
No.
Malathe Tongue, he'd have him on there.
Stalin, Hitler, uh, uh, you name it.
There is nobody in the world that this man couldn't bring on if we could bring him back to life and suck their ass for an hour.
Kissy, kissy, kissy, and make him look great.
Oh yeah, my good friend, and I'll Hitler.
Nice mustache, shateoff.
God.
It makes my skin crawl just to think about the fact that this man is on there for an hour.
I don't be grudging the money even though you ripped off all the people down here and he's just come back.
I don't be grudging anything, all his 25 wives, but to go on a year and do something like this.
This was the worst moment in the history, the history of the media.
Ten past ten is five sixty, WQ.
I don't want to get it.
We, you know, worked up here on a Tuesday.
Do I want to get worked up?
Uh-huh.
F and A, I do, baby.
Scumbag, disgusting sub-heum.
Oh, he found Jesus.
And for him to be sitting there saying, oh, God, it's forgiven him.
I hate to break the news to you, okay?
This idea that you believe in some religion that you got murder a bunch of innocent people and that any, anybody can forgive you.
You know what I say to that?
That's what I say to that.
Let me pull the switch.
Just for a few seconds.
I will activate it.
What a suck up job that was.
Well, you can't help out the way you use my voice through death and death.
So stop the voice.
The other is waiting.
Now it's gone and I'm home just right in the aboton.
I'll just try to understand.
I'll just call my family man.
I just said, I need a day to have a fast to go the other way.
I just believe that a night is a feast because I'm a feminine guy.
I don't know if it's a day and I'm a feminine guy.
But there's a lot of women on a club.
We am a feminine guy.
feminine guy.
feminine guy.
feminine guy.
feminine guy.
feminine guy.
feminine guy.
I know how to do a talk.
When I was in college.
son came down to visit from college and they're on their way on the turnpike north trying
to catch you for about an hour in this storm here on the way back to Oklahoma.
And the storm?
It's storming up here.
Oh my god.
This is getting pretty old, you know.
And it's starting to get like Florida.
Yeah, starting.
Unfortunately, we all live down here.
But anyhow, I think this was more like a shock so my son could hear me on the radio
and say hi to him because I really miss him already.
And while he was here for a week, he listens to you a lot.
And my husband keeps telling him about some kind of commercial that he wanted him to
hear.
And so I have one of those shameless requests for some so far king or something commercial
that I've heard.
Okay.
And if you could play that in the next hour maybe because then they're probably going
to be out of your range.
Then I'm going to be out of my range.
Well, they're heading north.
So I don't know how far they're going to get the station and especially in this weather
that's up in Coral Springs.
And that would be great.
And I think that would make his day just a little bit better.
What about you?
I hope so.
I hope so.
And I hope just hearing me on the radio is giving him a shocker.
That's going to really do it.
And I don't really know what you were talking about in the past few minutes because I turned
the radio down.
I don't want to hear that echoing about.
I'm just talking about Larry King Kissing David Berkowitz, the son of Sam Kissing
is asked about on P&M.
Well, I heard Jerry Falwell and that was enough for me because all those people are just
a little bit too much.
Yeah.
Okay, listen, have a great day, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Listen to me.
This is Stand Bind Steen for Soficking.
I understand where everything is held to the high Soficking standard.
The selection isn't just huge.
It's Soficking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And Soficking's price is not just low.
They're Soficking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say Soficking as a beautiful store, I mean Soficking beautiful.
When I say staff is helpful, I mean Soficking helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the Soficking and enjoy a selection that's so f**king huge.
A staff that's so f**king courteous and pricey said, is Soficking low.
You'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me.
Take it from satisfied, custom of Frank and Stein.
Soficking good.
You set it, Franky.
Soficking good.
And this plays bad.
1018 and 560.
Where's Fatboy with my Goddamn Marlon?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Whatever the hell that team is worried about those tickets.
Piece of crap.
Probably already in Halea.
560.
I want to hear from somebody else who saw that last night.
And you know what the problem is in this country?
I don't want to start getting serious today.
Heavy duty, philosophical, but it's not just down here.
It's the whole country.
It's La La Land.
They're all going to be like that.
They had a CBS poll last night.
And this is on the heels of the Atlanta thing.
This is on the heels of the thing out there
at the Jewish State Care Center in California in LA.
This is on the heels of, they're going back to school
and calling by high and little to Colorado,
on heels of all of this stuff and gun control
and guns and whole guns, and way down the list
of the issues that the public is concerned about.
They're still concerned about dollars and cents,
how much money they got, et cetera, and so on.
So you NRA crazy people.
You don't have to worry about a thing
because the public is usually going to get pissed off
about anything.
You see this crap like we had in the media last night.
This would come to a screeching halt.
If CNN got about 50,000 calls from people just frosted,
just pissed off, I mean something ballistic.
And they should have.
If I would have had a goddamn number to call,
I would have called them last night.
It said, are you people crazy or what?
Talked about goddamn mass murderer and kissing his ass
and trying to somehow legitimize him
and peddling the song to dance about,
oh he's saying a prayer and a whole hour,
he's holding the goddamn Bible in his hand.
He's got to open to this page and that page
and the Lord is forgiven me and Jesus there.
So yeah, I mean, what a sick bunch of crap that is.
And that's part of the sickness of this whole
religious bull crap.
There's no incentive to be a decent person,
to do no harm.
There's no incentive in these organized religions.
Just believe the same crap that we tell you to believe
or at least just pretend to believe it
and then no matter what you did, we'll forgive you.
Because there's nobody we love better
than the fallen sinner than whatever.
There we, whatever however you say it.
As soon as you repent, we love you no matter
how many people you kill.
That's what it boils down to.
Craziness.
Like these people will say, well,
if Hitler would have accepted Christ on his death,
but he'd be in heaven now.
Great, you hang on to that kind of religion,
okay, you sick bastard, not for me.
Nistra mirrors they say in China.
God.
And here's this little weasley piece of turd,
the luckiest man.
This is the luckiest man on the face of the earth
that a guy named Ed Little at Mutual Radio
was became obsessed with him.
Had some maybe had naked pictures of Ed Little
with a billy goat that hangs been doing.
Maybe he had that.
That's the only reason he ever went to Mutual
and it's the only reason he ever went on CNN.
Couldn't interview a goddamn billy goat this guy.
That's what kind of a great interviewer he is.
A legend in his own mind,
just a professional named dropper,
ass sucker, ass kisser, a piece of crap on two legs.
A turd with ears, that's Larry King.
And I'm gonna show you how much,
how much principal he's got, okay?
Not only did he have Howard on the show here a year ago
or so a few nights ago he's got a show on there.
I'm flipping the channels again.
It's about the show, it's about back pain.
Who had you got on the phone to talk about back pain?
Howard.
Now this is the same Howard.
How many times did Howard make a fool out of him
having his cronies call in on the show
when he had like some important rule figure on there?
Hey, what are you taking a Howard's turn?
You know that crap, you know the stuff
Howard always does.
And he still puts him on here because like I said,
there is no ass in the world that Larry will not kiss.
You could beat him over the head with a sledgehammer
and if he thought he could get some ratings out of it,
like the night after the shooting's out there
in Los Angeles and the show star tonight,
tonight, no respect, no like remorse, no solemnity,
just like hey show business, you know,
to show him us go on.
Yeah, this is the guy that would have been,
he could have been a Trablinker doing singing,
there's no business like show business.
Doing a tap dance on the goddamn Magascamers.
Sick, sick, sick bastard.
And though I didn't have to watch it
and I rarely do other than a couple minutes of channel serving,
but I watched it and just shocked an amazement
because I knew I was gonna talk about it today.
Taking it myself, how, I mean, I realized that,
you know, you can rationalize the way to kiss somebody else's ass,
but too bad Ted Bundy couldn't still be alive.
You can talk about what a charming guy he was
and never still afraid to ain't overget that.
Carl Springs, hello.
New, yes sir.
The point at which I fell out of the chair
was when David Berkel would said that he is now a counselor
for the prisoners.
Right, that he counsels them and he's a minister.
He was that word too.
Well, the minister part is all a bunch of B.S. to me,
but a counselor, I mean, come on.
What is this guy talking about?
He's coming on on the scam.
How do you, you know, get the,
pretend you've found Christ in prison and maybe they'll let you out.
That's where he's counseling him on.
And the dog done it.
Right.
It's unbelievable.
No matter what he asked him,
oh, well, that's a blank period.
It was a dark period.
It's all blank in my mind.
And then he go right back to the crap about God
and the book and all this other horse crap.
I had to turn it off because otherwise I would have
puked all over my floor.
How can this be?
How can they put this crap on worldwide television
and nobody gets pissed off?
They'll put anything on TV, Neil.
It doesn't matter anymore.
I'd rather watch a Ron Popeel infomercial
for 20 hours with my hands tied behind my back
than watch you're that crap again.
As long as it doesn't have nudity
or some of the charities, they'll put it on TV.
Right, as long as it's not entertaining, right?
Right.
Okay, thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Like I said, the public is sitting out there.
Eeeh!
We don't care.
We don't give a crap.
That's why every guy at the end thing they put on television
is a guy they've scamming a ripoff.
Is that for Britney, of course?
I'm a Britney, I'm a Britney.
Sometimes I've heard what it's like.
Rub it.
Yeah, quit rubbing it.
Oh, and by the way, I hate to burst your bubble, so to speak.
You know who is unbelievably grotesque and ugly,
even uglier than Nick of 98 degrees.
Christina Aguilario, they had that teenage award show,
oh, on Fox last week, which is a horrible show, by the way.
And they give the awards to whoever was in the country.
Backstreet boys couldn't get any awards
because they were still in Europe when they taped it.
Does anybody believe that Jennifer Lopez
was the hottest single of the summer?
No.
No, but she was there.
But Christina Aguilario, don't get it.
I'm telling you, she is grotesque.
She is living proof that camera angles and a lot of makeup
can make anybody look lovely.
Except for...
Don't need 50 dollars.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Talking about Bible numbers and believe me,
I could give a crap about this,
but I'm watching sports last night.
Yeah, they have a little ticker tape on the bottom.
Yeah.
Here comes Dolphin sign off the waivers
underwoods on the Vikings.
Right.
Another a-hole on our team.
Right, another probably child.
Yeah.
Jimmy's rehab here.
Yeah, no kid.
This guy you heard about him, right?
Yes.
Took the money and took off to be a preacher.
Uh-huh.
And spent the money.
Who cares about anybody else?
Right.
You know, a vet.
Hey, listen, he's coming on just in the time when he's all
excited about Cecil and Robert Baker.
This town is like all the sports fans.
They don't care about that.
They don't care how many people you kill,
how many are freight trains you stole,
as long as you can help us win in one fact.
That's all they care about.
It's disgusting.
No kid.
Can I call for me a douchebag?
Yes, sir.
Hi, I'm Dejou Insurance,
Dylan douchebag.
OK.
See ya.
Yeah, Jimmy's, that's why I told you they had to bring
in Dave Wands that he's the team of Per awarding this year.
The only team in the NFL that's got its own awarding.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Maybe it'll be a stroke of luck.
Maybe I'll be the only one.
And then the other guy that called a couple of minutes ago
that saw that Larry King debacle last night.
As many people saw the son of Sam movie.
Nice going there, Spike Lee again.
A Spike really hits it on the head.
And he's asking questions like, well, what do you think
about Spike Lee and about his family?
And what is that?
What does that have to do with anything?
Like we want his opinion on filmmakers
and on society, on sociology, and on human relations,
and et cetera, and so on.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Get the lubricant for the new millennium.
Get why two K.Y. Jelly.
The first one, the lubricant for home.
The car, the boat, or the office.
Lubricates the appliances.
Spike, the line mower.
The chainsaw.
Grandma's wheelchair.
I'm falling to be the gun.
The bow and arrow.
The white art of the cast.
Why two K.Y. Jelly.
Available at Y2Kmart.
So what's Rodley Linsen's in peppermint this morning, huh?
Well, we need the peppermint now.
1031 at 560 WQM, 5607 0560,
0560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a great thanks from the same person
that, by the way, was faxing me yesterday,
ripping me about Jan and Dean, you know what I'm saying?
Writing, but here's some good news from this clown,
from his geek.
Just to let you know, Tom Green
is trying to make a movie.
It'll highlight a whole list of stuff that he does.
It'll be out this winter.
Says the, how do you like that, huh?
See, that's what ought to be on worldwide.
Every night on CNN between 9 and 10 o'clock,
not some ass kissing clown hunchback.
I'm just saying something that might give people
to the last round.
Instead of getting all the press with a crack,
with an ass fucking.
And this isn't the thing that really cracks me up.
They are in the Broward School Board.
They're having a big meeting again today
and a one teacher's springer.
He says, well, maybe I was a bad judgment.
I should have done this.
Bull crap.
That's the kind of crap that people are worried about.
If anything was obscene, OK?
The ass licking that was done on CNN last night
of a convicted mass murderer was the most obscene act
I've ever seen in my life.
They could have put Debbie does Dallas on there.
They could have put every goddamn porn
on movie ever made and would have been nearly as obscene
or as pornographic as the crap.
But it's seeing this hunchback sitting there,
trying to glamorize a mass murderer on Worldwide TV.
Disgusting, grotesque, unacceptable.
Ted Turney ought to bury your goddamn head in shame.
You ought to bury it in Jane Fonda's rectum
if you're still speaking, which I doubt.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
And like I said, the public out there,
they're, yeah, how are we done now?
We don't care.
What's for lunch?
And you know something, the whole show yesterday
that I have long call about the macaroni grill?
No.
No, not one call about it.
After I told you about a great dining experience there,
there was only blocks by the fact that they had
that the guy from the kitchen come out,
that young Schwarzer stand up on the table
and sing whatever that song was.
Old black magic, something like that.
When he broke into Swansea River, I just about lost it.
That was too much for me in the middle
of an Italian restaurant.
Here's the mobile in Weston, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing buddy?
Hey sir.
Hey listen, I was watching that Larry King last night
and I was waiting and I was waiting for him
to jump on this guy.
You know, how many times do you let a guy get off the hook
and keep going back to that Bible crap?
Yeah, anybody else?
I don't want to talk about that.
Yeah, and anybody else after about the third time
that he pulled that crap out of just got up,
pulled the microphone off,
says, ending the interview, blowing out your ass.
Yeah, and then he says, I was in a call
and he says it was kind of a call.
He never even asked him what he was in the call.
He's just a maniac.
maniac with a Bible in his hand preaching
and he's turned over to God.
I would like to see about seven or eight
of the family members of the victims
sitting there next to Larry King asking him some questions.
Oh my God.
I don't like seeing there pulling the few hairs
that Larry said would have been great.
I couldn't believe he didn't jump on him once
and then he says, are you going to be envious to me
when I walk out of here and you're not?
And he goes, no, no.
Yeah, who the hell wants to look like that?
These, I couldn't believe it.
Well, Neil, have a good day.
Thanks for the report.
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life
with on WOD.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Speaking of Serpent, on the teenager wars,
did you see that girl?
I just had a switch on.
She was like, wait, totally wasted.
They were holding her up.
No, she wasn't wasted.
She was, that was the make a wish foundation, they brought her out.
She was like a whatever she had.
You know, we started.
Oh, was that the one that came up there?
I think I've got a bar, which I don't think they were prepared
for that, but that's what she said.
And then, of course, the 98 degrees, they also thought
they were going to bar, because she wouldn't let go of them.
Nick especially, the 90 degrees, she glanced out to him
and she wouldn't let go of them.
I wouldn't let go of them.
Right.
Of course, I guess I wouldn't either even
with an ugly push, but nevertheless.
Ah, well, I'm sorry, there was that with the story.
Listen, I got a story about this asshole.
In the 70s, you remember Gold Triangle was down here?
Yeah.
OK, I was working at Gold Triangle, and if they were doing credit,
they were trying to sign up as many people as they could.
And they had an unlimited card.
If you were approved and you had good credit,
they gave you an unlimited card,
which was five hundred to thousand dollars,
and they never checked you.
Right.
And I didn't know.
I was fairly young then.
I saw very things on the radio with an all right guy.
Yeah.
So I do credit manager.
I got it an unlimited card.
Well, you know what happened to that.
Yeah, exactly.
I think he almost got the guy lost his job over there.
They still got a dreadful of bad checks that he bounced at me.
I think it's a Gulfstream.
I think that's the track.
Unbelievable.
You think that the guy will have a little credit.
He was made millions and millions and millions and millions.
Yeah.
His public relations people keep saying,
oh, yeah, he feels real bad.
He's going to come back and pay these people back.
Never paid anybody back a dime.
A dime.
Not a dime.
In fact, half of the people are already dead.
They're pushing up daisy.
Yeah, right.
I guess is what he's counting on.
Yeah.
Incredible.
I love you, Neil.
OK, so you see a Gold Triangle.
Not.
That's probably why they're out of business.
Larry King did to them with the old parts.
Did the Puppernicks put him right out of business
by stealing all the silverware in sweet and low?
Nice going, Larry.
You piece of scum.
Only $50.
Scumbag.
$5670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Virginia Key.
Hello.
I have a nail.
Yes, sir.
You know, the funniest thing also when Spike was with all of the set
because Berkowitz was mentioning his children.
Spike was upset?
Yeah.
Because Berkowitz said Spike, you and your wife
and your children, he named off his wife and his children.
I didn't see that.
I didn't see that.
This is when the movie first came out and Spike was all upset
that that happened.
What are you doing making a movie about a live serial killer?
Are you idiot?
That nobody wanted to see in that all the critics just
ripped the crap out of.
Right?
Also, in the local family values note here,
we have Hugh Green.
Did you hear about that?
No.
For a player, I've busted again.
He's spent in five years in jail for not paying child
support to save you.
Right.
So here we go.
Another quality performance for ballaping.
And what about Mark Clayton?
We have the Mark Clayton.
Same thing.
Really?
Uh-huh.
Child support.
Call me surprise.
OK.
OK.
Call me you dark, baby.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on a mobile one on all these
upstanding criminals out there.
We don't care.
We want a wean.
We want a wean.
We don't care.
We don't got no principles.
We just want a wean.
You see, I see not only are the guys that are doing the act
not only they come back, but people
who support them with the attitude we want to win.
You're just as bad as they are.
You're also a scumbag.
I don't care how many, you know, I don't want to say it.
I don't want to say that I'm hoping that they lose a whole
bunch of games this year.
That would be bad.
Wouldn't that be bad to say that?
That would be really bad.
Well, you know, anybody like Jimmy Johnson who just
threw his principle right out the window and says,
hey, any scumbag that nobody else will take,
we'll give him a shot because we could be something
special.
We could be special.
Yeah, maybe a special ed.
Maybe that's what you need over there.
And Dolphin Camp, special ed.
Don't have a bone spurt.
If you've got chipped, then it crap or broken implants,
then you need implant crafters at the mall.
At implant crafters, we've got a silicone mill right
in the store so we can make you shiny new ones in about an hour.
I broke off my implant spray in Pingo.
Oh, 66.
Pingo.
The next day I went to implant a crafters at the mall.
I dropped off the broken pair went to radio shack
to get a hearing aid battery.
And by the time I got back, my implant's ready.
implant crafters at the mall.
This week's special by two get one free.
Head 43 at 560 W2M.
In fact, I think CNN if they wanted to get some real numbers
in there should replace it with an hour like Hot Young
Naked People like on MTV.
Get about a 95 share.
I'll tell you right now.
560 705 60.
By the way, I don't want to be the voice of Dumann Gvulm here
on a Tuesday because I'm feeling really great.
In fact, I'm looking forward to two or three more launches
today.
Pob El Burre just skated all Russian camp.
How do you like that at the Gold Coast Ice Arena
in Pompego starting today?
Ice gone air, Pob El.
Stay healthy, baby, because a lot of jobs are depending on it.
And then you go later into this article by Michael Russo.
I realize it's only August 17, but nevertheless,
it'll be another month, three days less than a month
for the first exhibitionist game over there in four Myers.
Nothing on trades, it says.
What a shock.
There had been speculation that Panthers wanted to require
Alexia Ashton or Carolina's Keith Primo.
But Chuck Fletcher says he doesn't anticipate personal moves
before camp.
They're going to look at this one and look at that one
and analyze.
And Brian Murray says nothing's on the front burner
as far as any trade are concerned.
Nothing's on the front burner.
As far as any trade are concerned.
But they're going to reshine Sisi Spashek.
That'll let everything all ice up.
Get ready for another long season, baby.
Hold on tight.
The same old, tired faces.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Got a great facts here from a guy named Tom Dumpy,
who lives in a Miramar.
Copy of a letter he sent to the Sun Sentinel
about the Marlins ballpark and all that history.
You see, their philosophy, it's kind of like a Bob Green thing,
who used to say it's not a question of if,
it's a question of when.
Their thing is, it's not a question of if,
it's a question of where.
In other words, they're trying to convince you.
And I told you, this is a scan that they're pulling.
Oh yeah, it's a done deal.
It's just, we're just going to pick and choose
where John Henry wants it and which politicians
will sweeten the deal a bit.
So it's not a question of if we're going to get that new state
and even if nobody in town wants it.
But just a question of where.
And they just keep plowing right ahead
like it's a fate of compley and the public is sitting back there.
You know, like I said,
Oh yeah, until it gets out of ballot
and then they'll see just like the penny sales tax,
how long the public is going to say.
Then they'll find out the public remembers
that one short word that worked real well last time.
As in no way Jose, no more of our God damn money
for billionaires.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Anya, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Feeling great today, huh?
Yes, I am. So far.
I'm not really.
I was the one who called you about a week.
Are we going to have to go from Atlanta, Georgia?
And I went all the way down up to New York
and I was coming back two days ago.
I felt just horrible.
Just seeing the miles that closer and closer to Miami.
Uh huh.
And they'll happen every time.
It just feels horrible, Neil.
It's like walking out of the plane into that jetway
and feeling the heat and humidity hitch in the face.
And you know, for sure, you're back here.
Exactly.
Every time I missed you so far,
we can have it.
And yesterday I finally caught the last two hours
over. It was great.
And I got a shameless request for Joe,
Joe's a gaggy.
He's a asshole.
Okay. Thank you.
Thanks for the bulletin pal.
What do you say?
Joe's a gaggy.
Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 50.
And by the way, Joe's a gaggy.
And Thursday, we're looking forward to this tomorrow.
By the way, we got because Hank is back on vacation.
Sadie Eagle again.
We got the great Bill Zimper on the telephone
from Philadelphia on a phone line.
Well, there's no idea what's going on down here.
And of course, they'll be down here as any idea who he is.
Voice it it off.
And do you remember him, Bill Zimper?
Remember? No.
No.
And then on Thursday, because Zimper evidently
didn't want to be on two days in row.
That's too embarrassing even for him.
And probably I have to go to San Diego for that game.
Thursday because everybody's out of that.
And by the way, Bluff Lindsay says he wants me to apologize
to the entire audience because he has no other choices.
Get off your duff.
Yeah.
Two to four 30 on Thursday.
We got.
Karrisa Gaggy.
How do you like that filling in for the Humper?
That is, it is so unbelievable, so unacceptable.
In fact, it's so bad that he only is going to put him
on for two and a half hours.
And then we got, oh, we got.
Oh, yeah.
Josh in Orlando.
Josh Dero in Orlando, El Zagiri after that.
To show you how desperate we really are.
Shoes Gaggy here on WQM, the only AM station in town
that's got anybody under the age of 100 listening to it.
And we're putting the dead man on here for two and a half hours.
Here's Poppano.
Hello.
The only time we ever did anybody say anything good
about Joe Zagaggy was when the.
I heard him in Andrew.
Yeah.
That was the only time I say something to Guy Newly got killed.
Yeah.
I mean, you got to give the guy credit for that.
But he.
And then shortly after that, by the way, I would be fired as an.
Oh, just weeks after that happened, they fired as an.
I remember that.
I hear on everything, but you suck and get out of here.
You know, something he could be a good presidential candidate.
He's that bland and boring.
Yeah.
He and Al Gore and Bill Bradley and Steve Forbes.
I was channeled from.
And don't forget Lydia Dole.
Lydia.
I don't even want to think politics.
I just don't.
I was watching the son of Sam Thingloss.
I was flipping through his channels.
And I said, wow, David Berkowitz, I'll watch it for a few minutes.
Drown me right back to watching something else like wrestling.
I mean, I just couldn't stand.
I've been doing this a long time.
Yeah.
He's absolutely ridiculous.
I mean, I don't know.
Anybody they want to see that summer of Sam movie because Spike Lee is such a.
Yeah.
But you know, I was hoping I was watching.
Toronto.
I was watching in the five minutes that I was watching Berkowitz.
And I wasn't able to be the mayor back then.
Yeah.
OK.
Now, who was the governor?
Was there Rockefeller?
I tuned it a little way.
I'm probably who carry out with them.
OK, that was 76, 76, 75.
I thought Rockefeller would become the vice president for Ford.
With Ford.
OK, you're absolutely right about that.
And I'm watching just stand to myself.
OK, you know, whenever there's something on Arsenal Entertainment,
would they talk about Bundy or Richard Speck or something?
I watch it just to try to figure out what to get something out of it.
And Berk was like, well, you know, what can I say?
And here's one of the few other than Manson.
Here's one of the few mass murderers who still alive.
And he puts the guy on for an hour and kisses his ass.
And then let's him do this funny born against spiel.
And then says, oh, well, we're all waiting for you to say a prayer at the end.
Like America is just waiting with baited breath to see if it's a sincere or not.
And it keeps promulgating the fact that well, there were other people involved.
And some of them were dead.
And some of them were already met.
Yeah.
What's going to happen to them?
It's all very foggy to him because, you know, he's concentrating now.
And God has forgiven him, et cetera.
And so I was very confused.
It's all blacked out.
Oh, it's ridiculous.
And regarding John Henry and the Marlins,
if they had tried to get a stadium in the first couple of years,
I'd be crazy.
It must be nuts.
Yeah, I actually, I mean, if I could feel sorry for a millionaire,
but he had the guys, the business man, he should have known
he was going to be stepping into when he took over the Marlins.
He had one percent ownership of the Yankees.
The best team in baseball, I'm not a baseball fan as much as I used to be.
But he had one percent of a world series winner.
I'd rather have that than a hundred percent of a loser,
a losing proposition like the Marlins.
Yeah.
But I mean, the guy is, you know,
I don't remember.
He and Wayne are joined at the hip.
Don't let anybody give you a song of dance that they're not.
The two of them are joined at the hip.
Yeah, but he's also buddy buddy with Harrison.
Well, that's even worse.
Yeah, he, I hit, there's been a Wayne on one hip in the mid.
They slipped in the Mickey on the other hip.
That's why he's going to try to put,
that's why he's going to try to put the stadium down in the house.
When you know something,
if he's such good buddies with Mickey,
why doesn't he have Mickey give him the money to build a goddamn stadium?
How's that sound?
Right down the downtown Miami,
right by the goddamn American Airlines, the Shamarina.
All Mickey's got to do is talk to everyone,
Pope about some upcoming awards.
And then we can put another slip in there for another cruise ship for Mickey.
You know, all the gambling ships, they're kicking them out.
But Mickey, you know, what can we do for you?
You're right about that.
So you can decipher all the tourists out here
and the drain all the money out of our economy.
You're right about that.
So many people I know,
they used to love baseball,
the strike of 1994.
That was the end for me.
I'll watch a little bit out of boredom on TV channel surfing,
but it's, it's terminal.
You know, and the thing is that,
and you know something, if it wouldn't have been,
I mean, they lucked out two years in a row.
If it wouldn't have been for the so-so-megwired thing,
last year, and now again,
this year, he hits 47 last night, their time.
If it weren't for that,
I mean, they could take the whole thing
and flush it down the toilet.
I don't care about tight,
pen and raisins or wild cards.
You know, that's not a big deal,
except for the people in those markets.
But if it weren't for that,
there would be no interest.
They'd be finished.
Yeah, I mean, I cow-ripped and that was...
That's why they wound those baseballs, so God damn tight.
I mean, I cow-ripped and was like the only other thing,
like 94, 95, that day, they say,
really saved baseball, so...
When you see the kid that used to play,
what the hell is his name, Jay, from the AppiRats?
You used to play shortstopping.
Jail.
Jail, 29 home runs.
Yep.
This guy's a home run hitter, like I'm a home run hitter,
29 home runs.
They've got the ball wound as tight as a golf ball.
Yeah, it makes a mockery of all the statistics,
and they're only doing it because they're desperate.
Yeah, you're right about that, you're right.
They can take their baseball and they can shove it up the guide,
they'll Hershey Highway,
and we'll never miss it for a minute.
We'll take a look at one other thing, and I'll let you go.
In Seattle, they build a brand new stadium.
Another thing is going to be $100 million in cost overrun.
Yeah.
And the Mariners is saying to the community,
if you don't put up $100 million,
there's no way we're going to be able to keep Griffey and Rod Rega
to two guys with a team like they did here.
Yeah, along with Randy Johnson,
the two guys are the reason that the Mariners were at all a six.
So it goes to show you that just building a new stadium
and spending all of that money,
and though you're going to have a contender,
even a decent team,
as the Orioles approve of their $80 million,
and the Dodgers approve of their gigantic payroll,
it doesn't mean crap.
No, it's real.
Listen, and closing Art Luba from the quarter deck,
your adoosh bag, thank you.
Bye-bye.
WQM invites you to the about.com WQM celebrity golf tournament.
That's what reminds you presented by Michel O'Bear
Friday, September 24th at Lagoa,
a more country club and plantation.
Porsons of the proceeds, the benefit center,
one brought to you by Rolling Shield,
Shutter's and Shade,
power rise.com,
and in fin of the own money you'll understand,
for more information called 305-650-163.
How does that task force do it, by the way, on a golf tournament?
They come along, okay?
Oh, good.
See Tracy, don't carry in, can't be here anyway.
566-705-60,
pound 560, on the mobile one line, whatever that is.
And I'm just thinking about it,
I sure would hate to see him get busted,
one of those, see you get him busted,
one of those swing clubs just before he leaves town,
that would be bad.
Here's Coral Springs, hello.
Coral Springs.
I know, and I'm from the old.
Okay, sir.
First time, let's call it a long time, let's start.
All right.
Want to talk to you about the macaroni grill.
Yeah.
What did you go to?
The one on University in Broward.
In plantation?
Right.
What did I have?
Yeah, what did I have?
Yeah, what did you have?
Portini soup was very good.
What about a mushroom soup?
Right.
What did I call it?
Yeah, what about a mushroom?
Yeah, well same thing, fancy mushrooms.
I don't remember, I had pasta,
which I shouldn't be eating, and had great bread.
You know, those are low-salt bread.
That's right, bread.
That's what I said, that's what I said, bread.
It's like full-cotch here, yeah.
Well, I'll tell you what.
I just spoke to my managers over the Pembroke Pine Store.
Anytime you want to come in, it's on the house.
Really?
Yeah, we're at Pines in I-75.
Okay.
So the New George, whatever, who everyone will bring in?
See you in about an hour.
Is that an hour?
I'm going to ask for a Roger, Drew, Mike Hammer, or John.
Yeah, but you better make sure I give you a business card
because there'll be 50 near Rogers coming in between now and midnight.
I guarantee you that.
A Pembroke Pine Store loves you.
We know what you're going to look like.
Okay, well, that's the food strikes against me already.
What a nice part.
Now let me ask you this.
You don't have some guy from the kitchen that stands up on the table
and sings in the middle of my meal.
Actually, we have three singers,
but they're all singing Italian opera.
Who's Swanee River or whatever.
But if you want, we can get some men river.
No, none of that.
If you want, we can get a couple of servers to come on and sing.
Just blow me a little kiss.
We walk around singing your bits all over the area.
Okay.
We love you.
See you.
All right, soon.
Okay, there you go.
More free food.
Let's hear it.
Okay, we're not that taken care of.
Now let's work on Godfathers.
Well, seriously, that's what I come in here for every day.
You should know that by now after all these years.
We come in here to get some free food.
Let's go around and wait for a check.
George is waiting for his bonus check now.
See, this is something we can all laugh about except for you
that needs the money desperately.
But, and your good buddy Greg was in there this morning.
You mentioned anything about your bonus check.
No.
See, this is the problem.
Just like after the ratings come out.
And I said, let's get a call ponytail and have a whole bunch of food in here.
And you and that really shocked the economy.
Just shocked me.
Shocked me.
Bluffer standing there in your sand.
Oh, do you think we could ask Greg if it would be okay
like we have to ask his permission.
Like we're going to pee on his parade if he wants to have a raise.
He's going to have to go to the ward having one of their food.
Well, I don't care if they're having one.
Put it in the guy name hallway.
It'll disappear.
I put it on a copy machine.
It'll disappear in about 30 seconds.
We have to ask Greg his permission to see if we can get free food in here.
To feed the troops.
Well, what a pussy you'll be.
And you know, and if don't help, you're still not getting the guy name bonus check.
You're getting ready over there in Naples.
The measlies.
That's who Larry King ought to have on here.
Forget about David Berkowitz.
You talk about axiomers.
You ought to have the beaslies on there.
They ought to be on God name death throw the whole bunch of them from what I hear.
Unbelievable.
Just for not paying their bills that alone.
It's just criminal.
There are people on death throw for lesser crimes than they commit around this place.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on a mobile one line.
So what are we going to do about once today?
Let's get Godfather's hand.
No, seriously, I mean, I can't believe nobody from four Myers is calling it the address.
Yesterday, 14690 Metro Parkway and four Myers.
I'm trying to turn you people on a great pizza joint.
Of course, I say great pizza joint.
It's years and years since I was in I wanted sunset down in Kendall.
Man, it was a good place.
Right, Javier.
I bet you he don't look too good anymore either.
Let's say no, it's about 20 years ago.
They're in Gainesville.
They're in Newport, Richie.
They're in Orlando.
They're in Palm Harbor, Pensacola, Pinellas Parkport, Charlottesburg, Spring Hill, St. Petersburg.
They're in Stewart Tampa, even Valerico, and Venice.
They're obese winners, springs.
Castle, Dury, Brainton, Daytona.
They're all over the goddamn state.
Are they here?
No.
Anything good.
Anything good except a show.
It's everywhere else in the state, but it's not here.
Pathetic.
And did we get any more information about my steak and chicken plantation on the Panther Parkway?
That's supposedly coming.
No.
Oh, and there's that queen.
Yeah, that's what we haven't seen, Sam, by the way, our promotion is a sham.
He and the Jordan-Nighty Loaf is what I hear.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
Yeah.
Yeah.
Whoa.
Okay.
It's not too
Won't you blow me?
It's gone to
You.
You can show me.
I'll do that.
If you blow me.
I want to give you a kiss.
Oh, right.
One day, sir, kiss.
What you blow me?
Just one day, sir, kiss.
Love me.
Just one day, sir.
Well, that's how we open up that counter a little bit.
We're going to be busy in a lot of free meals.
Pretty soon we got the invitation from, what is it, New York Prime?
Is that it in Boka?
See, I don't know about you.
I do know about you.
You go anywhere for a free meal.
You would go all the way to God damn Jacksonville for a free steak dinner if somebody would buy the gas.
But going all the way up to Boka for a steak dinner, I don't know.
Well, there's $100 gift certificate.
In fact, I think there's a message in my answering machine from a Rimmerstein.
You just have to be going up to Boka one of these days very soon.
But at any rate, we got that one pending and now we got the Nackaroo and Egrill.
See, I don't understand.
I'm very grateful to the guy from Pembert Pines from that location who's calling in.
And Gary Sarner tells me they just signed up just coincidentally.
So I'd have Nackaroo and Egrill to big contract.
You're on the station, which were.
Don't be frustrated.
All I said is Boka is it's a good joint.
But in the audience, is there anybody called in that's ever eaten there?
It's got anything to say.
No, I don't understand this crowd.
You know, I realize it's a summertime and I realize that day by day between now and Labor Day.
I mean, you talk about thinning out even my hair hasn't to now like this town has.
But there's got to be somebody.
There are a whole bunch of people in there that night.
Last whatever night it was.
Thursday.
Damn good stuff.
He called it Fokaccia.
It's like Fokaccia, but it's like, I don't know, I'm out of describe it.
Fresh baked round, I think a loaf of bread with all kinds of herbs and spices and stuff in it.
And you just dip it in that olive oil smear it in there.
I don't even eat bread.
And I had what, six, seven loaves, it lazy.
Here's a mobile in four-letter day.
Hello.
Mobile in four-letter day.
Going once, 19 minutes and 16 seconds later and long gone.
Thank you.
Thanks for holding on and speaking to us here on 560, your WQM, your patient station for the 90s.
Not.
I have a feeling this is going to take a turn for the worst of it.
You know, I came into they feeling so good.
I have no idea why because that goddamn little dog of mine.
You know, every time it thunders about 10 miles away, thunder lightning, he starts in.
Like, I just get worse every year.
It gets worse and worse and worse.
And I keep thinking of it just how perfectly that my microwave oven was made for him.
Perfect size.
I kept me up all goddamn night, finally four in the morning.
I fell asleep three hours late.
I had this one and I still feel great.
But I just had this sneaking feeling.
And you know who else didn't call us by the way yesterday?
My good post-personal friend, Sherry from Boka.
I went out of my way to get those backstreet boys tickets for her and her a niece and daughter.
And I got them sitting right over here.
And she never called in to ask for them.
That was wrong with you, Sherry.
Here's a lady in Westchester. Hello.
Oh, good morning, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I love your show and I'm going to talk about macaroni grill.
All right.
I heard just the end of what you had yesterday.
But I heard the gentleman a few calls before asked you what your entree was.
That's what I was going to ask you.
Yeah, I made a mistake.
I had the pasta.
It was okay, but I think they pre-cooked the pasta and they leave it, which I don't like that.
You know, it should be cooked.
I'll then take the order, but it wasn't.
Right.
But I wanted to add.
It was pretty good.
But I mean, everything else was great.
Oh, yeah.
The desserts aren't to die for.
The dessert was, oh, if I knew the dessert was that good, I would have just skipped everything
else and two of them.
Right.
I haven't been there in a while.
We want to go back and you forget about prices.
Now did they say that it was a black magic when you went there?
Oh, no, it was before that.
But I wanted to ask you, did you know that I would call that a medium price restaurant?
Did you know the lock again and re-k, pull up, sure, I'm sorry.
I'm getting emotional here.
Yes.
I would call that a medium price restaurant, wouldn't you?
Yes.
And I've heard from restaurant tours that a lot of the medium price restaurants, I love olive oil
and I cook Italian.
Uh-huh.
They don't use olive oil.
A lot of them don't use milk.
Oh, well, they sure used the real thing there.
They have a big bottle of extra virgin olive oil right on the table.
I was going to tell you about the bottle on the table.
Right.
I was very impressed with that.
But I mean, that sort of just goes with it.
But I wanted to ask you, when you're in, I've never been to Italy, but when you're in Italy,
even in the mom and pop places, did they cook with the olive oil and put the bottle out?
Oh, sure.
Yeah.
Because it's ridiculous Italian food that one of the basic things is olive oil.
Yeah.
And I love eggplant.
And I cook it.
I think in a role, and in Central and Southern Italy, they use a lot of olive oil.
North Italy, they're more into the butter, like in Milan and that part of Italy.
Right.
And then also the sothole and that crap, you know, oh, I get that.
But I mean, that's one of the main things.
And, well, I do like macaroni grilled, and we're going to go back.
Great.
I'll mention my name.
Just tell me you're new, Roger.
And I'll say, oh, yeah.
That's a great day, sweetie.
Okay.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Say hi to that guy from the kitchen.
Tell him, please don't come back soon.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18T line.
I guess we're striking out with the Godfather's thing.
We'll milk that yesterday.
I'm just depressed.
And you know something, maybe it's not anywhere near as good as it used to be anyway, because
they were talking yesterday about how all while it's the thin and crispy, see, maybe that's
where they went down the old...
...pullet.
Trying to emulate pizza.
Why would you want emulate pizza in the first place?
I mean, with all the respect to my old friend Red, who's a great guy, and he brought us a lot of great pizza in
say, 100 years ago, he don't work for them anymore anyway.
So what difference does it make?
But I mean, pizza hut is...
It's okay.
You know what bothers me the most about pizza hut?
It's inconsistent.
It depends on which one you order from, what they had the week it is, which kids happen to be working there that moment.
You know, who's got the greasy dirty hands?
I mean, it's just...it's never the same.
At least with dominoes, you know what you're getting.
Crap.
Don't admit on the ear that you had dominoes last night, because people lose what little respect they may have left for.
They'll lose...I mean, why would you admit that?
Why would you have told me that even?
It's going to be so depressed, because it got me thinking about God.
But what kind of people you were hanging out with that were ordering dominoes?
Come back.
What kind of scumbags would it must have been your relatives or something?
Oh, rent, low lives.
No.
Oh, your in-laws.
Oh, I'm sorry.
5.6.7.
Well, that's what you always say.
Oh, that made it worse.
5.6.7.0.5.50.
Pound 5.60 on the 18.9.
Don't worry.
She's watching Jerry Springer or something now anyway.
She's not listening.
Sorry, Crystal.
I do like your daughter though.
I don't.
Lily, cow.
Aaron's coming.
I'm actually a lesbian.
you put yours.
If you ever catch me doing an irritable phrase
What a bullet is my brain
What your right body is doing the hokey-pokey
Say you're right, pull it out
Doing the hokey-pokey
It's not his juice, dude, what's that?
Doing the hokey-pokey
Say you're ho-sell-sell-sell
Doing the hokey-pokey
Oh, right, I'm doing the hokey-pokey
I'm doing the hokey-pokey
That's a good question today, buddy, what's this one?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
Now, that's just tough one
And we're going to have to think about that long and hard
It's 11.15 to 5.50 WQM
We went to the breakway like 240 calls waiting on the board
They were smoking, they were sizzling, and of course, now there are three
So, hey, it goes here, man
It's not like the old days
We come out of this all the time off here
We sit around, we commiserate, we mull and we groan
Well, it's your name like the old days, but the money's a lot better
If you ever get it
5.67-0560
It's not a question of if it's a question of when
That's the philosophy in this business, especially the beastly-beet people
You'll get paid eventually if you have a lot of patients and you can survive the bill collectors
We'll eventually give it to you if we have to
If you hold a gun to our heads, we might fork it over and the money too
Here's a mobile-in-fort-lotterdale, hello?
Mobile-in-fort-lotterdale
Hello
Yes sir
I have a question
Yes
Concerning the baseball stadium
I'm listening
Okay, my understanding is a state or county municipal bond issue
Based on the revenue from the Marlins would be the perfect way for them to raise $400 million
Says who?
Says me
Or says you, yeah
Yeah
I know what's it's been done for big projects everywhere
Uh-huh
Why has it not been done possibly on this one?
Who's eventually going to have to pay for that?
The revenue from the Marlins
And what if there's a shortfall? What if the Marlins don't make the revenue?
Well, I mean they still have to pay for it anyway
Oh, they do?
Yeah
They're not going to go for that
Well, it's the best way to get money without laying out money by individuals or taxes or anything else
We're coming up John Henry and tell him that, okay?
You call him up and tell him
Because as far as I'm concerned the answer is no matter what kind of funding the answer is
That must be crazy, I must be nuts
Still the same
No
Just get out of town, just go away
560-560, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line we got 6700 open lines
I don't want to talk about John Henry it's too depressing
I don't want to talk about the fact that they're going to try to put this over on the public
Because I'm very confident that if it goes out of my latent date and Broward if it goes on anywhere
No
Make no mistake about it
Here's Hialia, hello
Neil God, what's up buddy?
Yes sir
Hey, uh, whatever you do don't ever go to Pizza Hut in Hialia
Yeah
Well macaroni and grill, that's a...
They put those dead chickens on it?
Oh, whatever they put on it, who knows?
You never know what they put on it
Uh, macaroni and grill
Excellent place to eat good price, good food, but the service sucks
At least I went to the one in Denver, Pines and...
Yeah
Okay, you mean the guy that just called him and then go peat?
Oh, I don't know
Yeah, he just called a few minutes ago and offered us a free meal so you know maybe for you the service was bad
Next time I mentioned in my name the service will be a lot better
No, I hope so
Yeah, because you'll tell him that if you don't get real good service you'll tell me about it and we'll put it on your rip of the ass
I couldn't have said it better myself out
Yeah
That's that a boy
He said it just the way you're out of sale, we don't want to pay for that crap
Only he spelled crap with an SH
Nice go ahead sir, God bless you
5,6,7,0,5,60, pound 5,60 on the AT&T wireless line
20 or 30,000 open lines here today and the audience is dead as a freaking door new
You're not going to bring me down today baby, I'm counting those days
I'm counting those days till vacation, I'm counting the days the minutes and the hours
Just look on our website on neo-riders.com and you'll see some other days that I'm counting too, okay?
Counting down the weeks and the days and the months so I could say goodbye
Thank you so much for making me beg to speak to you every day for the last 25 years
26 whatever it will be at that point
Thank you so much for you and you know something maybe I think about this every once in a while
Although I really doubt it but I'm trying to give this area the benefit of the doubt
Maybe I have a really jaded view of South Florida because of the fact that you know my relationship with this town
Is based on these four hours every day of my life between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Maybe there's a lot of really friendly folks out there and really outgoing and really bright
And this is a real activist kind of a place and a fun place to live
And maybe it's just, yeah that might be it these lifeless scumbags that I try to motivate every day between 10 and 2
Maybe they've jaded my view of this town, given me a really raw impression of what it's all about
You think that's possible?
No
Here's Miami, hello
Yes sir
Okay great, okay no problem, no problem, no problem
Next time you call take the sock out of it too in your mouth as well
You know I'm a sancer?
Correcto
Here's a mobile informer, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
How you doing? This is a fall over four mires
Yes sir
I apologize for not having a toll free number for you people but the beesleys are the cheapest bastards in the face
They make the French Canadians look like big tippers
Hi Harriet
Hey listen I love your show, man glad to use left wing radical Christians over here haven't shut you down yet
I'm calling you on the cellular so they don't trace my number
Screw the number
Screw the end of that they probably enjoy it, put a smile on their pussy
Hey I heard there's a Godfather's over here on Metro
Yes sir
I work over there I'm going to give you a report, what should I try?
The dry mouth should dry the a-sick the a deep dish the a-pan pizza that was their original thing it's the best
It's a 14690 metro parkway
All right I'm going to give them a try today
You still want to feed the place of North and Connecticut so I got a good pizza
I can't have any since I've moved before it
Well this is a lot different I mean it's really unique if they're still making it the way they did years ago
But it's really out of this world
All right I'll give you a call back tomorrow
Okay
And thanks for the show
Thanks
There you go see I told you we get a guy from four Myers even always got to pay on his dime
He's going over to Godfather's to give it a try
Great stuff if it's like it used to be but of course she never know
We'll find out from this guy tomorrow of course he won't know if it's like he used to be because he never was there before
So once you got to gauge it up against you know what I'm saying?
You follow what I'm-
Yeah, but give it a shot
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line as we keep banging away and banging away and banging away
Just like Peter Northman banging away
Here's Hollywood hello
Hello Neil
Yes
I have a recommendation for you
Annie's pizza in coconut creek
No
You've been there?
No
Well I want to go to coconut creek for a piece of-
Well just if you happen to be in here
I'm here for a pizza today even with a crust
I'm here for a pizza hut that's in crispy
In a town where unfortunately franchise pizza is the best we can do
Annie's pizza is something that definitely stands out if you ever in the area
And it's not like I work there I don't- I swear I don't- I'm just telling you I used to live in coral springs
And I used to go there all the time
The pizza is excellent
The slices are huge, the price is great
If you're ever in the area you should definitely look to check it out
Okay
And I just had another question for you Neil
First of all I'm a long time first time
Okay I love your show
If South Florida is that bad
Yeah
And I'm not trying to be antagonistic or anything like that
Yeah
Why is it that you stay?
It's called the twice a month getting a very big check
Sign me up, okay
That's the answer, that's the only answer there is no other answer
There is nothing else about it that I like here
Nothing zero, zippity dude, there is nothing
I mean I could lie to you I could make up a big song in advance
That's the only reason
Well, you know what?
The one for me
Big humongous fact check twice a month
Sign me up
Okay, well I love your show
See you at Annie
Thanks
Okay
By the way, how's Annie doing on guiding lights?
She and her late lane?
No
She won't see her no more
The prince and the princess and all that other stuff
And now we find a little boy
He's still alive, how do you like that?
At the end of the show yesterday there on guiding lights
As it keeps getting worse and worse and worse
Thank God that little young Billy all of a sudden grew up
And sprouted into a fine young lady, a young man
Whatever she is
And just at the moment that, and by the way, is there anybody in this audience
Who knows anybody named P.R.?
Do you know anybody, any girls named P.R.?
Huh?
No
Only on guiding lights could we have some pitch
Who is by the way Puerto Rican, what her name is P.R.
And her family is the only mob family in Springfield
You following this so far?
Oh, good
Here's the Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hey, Neil, what's going on?
How you doing, sir?
Not bad
Hey, I'm macaroni grill, I got a Greek but disagree with you
Go ahead
Actually, I'm a breadie
You're not a breadie, aren't you?
The bread is great
The actual house one is a bad nurse, Argonne
And it gives you a big jug and it's kind of on the honor system there
Yeah
And the glass of your drink
Our audience loves the big jugs
But actually, they're on trays
I mean, I've eaten there a couple times, they're on trays
They're kind of dispoiring
Yeah, I don't know what it is
A couple of dishes I had are kind of bland
And one time we had dessert was good, I think you mentioned that
Oh, the desserts were great
I mean, I'm going to, you know something in fact
I had the Amorado cake that's in the caramel sauce, you know
And they give you a big, big desserts too, which is the last thing I need
But I had it anyway
And they had another dessert that was just too big
I thought that's going to pull me into a diabetic coma
It's a big chocolate square
Have you seen that?
Because they bring you the whole dessert car, I think
Yeah, the big chocolate square would like the whipped cream on the sides
And then they pour hot, hot fudge on it
I actually had that
Oh, is that good?
That was excellent
Oh, that was awesome
But the, the, the entrees, I mean, I think it's a decent place
But the entre, maybe I voted the wrong thing
Maybe you need to
Because the pasta was definitely, it was okay, I'm not saying it was bad
But you, I had the feeling that it was like, you know, cooked like before
And then reheated, which is places that do that with pasta
That's not a good idea
You always make it, because it only take, I'm a logger to take that with pasta anyway
You know, eight minutes, ten minutes, cook it all, then say
That's right
Hey, one, one thing about this perk of its thing last night
Hey, why would he even give him any kind of spotlight?
That's my point!
And then put him on your own kisses ass
Why would she and then permit this?
This is the most outrageous crap I've ever seen in my life
And nobody cares about it
They think, well, you know, that's showbiz
I didn't have a, I can't see
I'm just listening to, you know, your opinion on it
But, I mean, why would he, like I said, why would he give him a spotlight?
First of all, second of all, why, you know, the way you're telling it, I mean, why wouldn't he even pin him down and ask him some questions?
No, he, he, he, he, and I'm not a borrower
Every time he tried to ask him and he did it very gently with Kigwebs
Maybe he thought he was going to get out of the chair and just to break his neck or something
But every time he even bordered on a tough question about all the murders and why did he do this
He would like just to evade and well, it's all a blank spot in my memory
And now I find the Lord and the Lord, I know he's forgiven me and so I can find out
And it just amongst his double talk, a pile of crap
To that, a song itself out, Larry King, huh?
I, I'm doing this a long time
He's been doing that a long time, yeah
All right, Neil, take it easy
And see you
And count the money all the way to the bank, I guess, you know, forget about conscience
Just take the guy, then money and run the bank, like I said, right Larry?
Let me first count
Okay
Oh, speaking of music, by the way, I never asked about, and of course this audience will they know about that group, about Eve 6
And the video, tongue tied from some movie, which we don't know the name of this from a soundtrack or some movie
That, uh, this tingle thing I think is the movie
I got a couple of tingles watching the video, especially the drummer and the guy that they didn't sing in the video, but Jesus got
Although I tell you what, you can say what you bought about Enrique, you know something?
It's good, he's got that big mole by his nose, you want to know why?
No, seriously, because if he didn't have that, he would be too perfect
And of course, to show that God doesn't want to make anybody too perfect
Yeah, it's like JP with all that hair on his body, you know, they came look like a walking quilt
Yeah, if he had like no hair on his body, he'd be too perfect, and everybody would be like chasing and grabbing after him, besides me
But Enrique, you can come on over here any time, and by the way, we'll make sure Sam isn't here that day
Okay, we know that Sam doesn't know, he wouldn't know Enrique if he walked in here right now, Sam
Mr. Wannabe, Mr. Latch on to the rest of the human race
Mr. I wish I were somebody, but I'm not, so let me stand in the background to get my picture made with famous people
And by the way, Sam's been around lately? No, he's on his post vacation and recovery now
Hello Austin, hey, Basil, how are you?
26 after 11 at 5.60 WQAM
Florida sucks
Hey guys, have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind?
When she asks, if he gets making the bet, well now you can, with the Mr. Hanky Message Service
Hello
Howdy, Cole! I hear that you're having a little weight problem
You mean that's right, you've got more kids than a Chinese phone book
What the fuck are you talking about?
With the Mr. Hanky Message Service, you can get it all off your chest, and she'll never even know it's you
My gosh, you're a thick tank, I can smell it all the way over here
You little monkey girl, I'll tell you you piece of shit
If her ass is getting big, let her know, call 1-800 Hanky-Watt
It's 11-31 at 5.50 WQAM Hankover will be here in the studio, and unless before he takes off for San Diego
Before we start with these awful fillings the rest of the week, oh god
Bill Zimfer on a phone from Philadelphia on a goddamn ISDN
On tomorrow, and then Thursday we got the worst of all possibilities
Cheris Hanky on a fake worst end death, a day that a lot of people be destroyed, they'll be taking a hatchet to the radio on Thursday
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Hey Neil! Yes sir
It was my birthday this past weekend, and we went to macaroni grill, first time we've been there in years
It was great, absolutely great, I'm sure he's a very reasonably priced under $11
And you're right, the desserts just blow your way
Oh I love the dessert, next time I'm just going to bring the dessert to the table and just eat that
We had about 6 people, we shared like 3 desserts, you could have fed 12 with them
The other thing was this morning on before the today show, the local channel 6
They interviewed the guy who owns all the franchises and pizza hut down here in Miami, oh yeah
So that tells you where the pizza is coming from and inconsistent in every location
Okay, okay, whatever you said
Okay, Holyo owns it so it's inconsistent, I hate to break the news to you, but you remember the guy I was telling you about yesterday that he's got fathers?
He was a Holyo, and of course half his family wanted to be jailed, but nevertheless, what was his name?
Now I forget, see it escapes me, not a Javier, how could I, I will never forget Javier as long as I live, believe me, trust me what I tell you
I put it at any rate, they had the best day of stuff going, what are we going to get?
Where are we going to get, I mean we love pizza loft of course, I mean that's great, it's consistent, it's fantastic, and we love bread over there at Tonys
I'm just in the mood for something different today, I have like a bug up my leg, or something different
Like maybe a pizza hut, we don't know anybody at pizza hut that would send us something in crispy, do we?
There must be somebody listening to the pizza hut somewhere close by us here in North Bay County, right up by County Line Road, there must be, mustn't there?
Not Domino's, I will not, I'm going to tell you, if Domino's pizza ever was in this building and I knew it, I would leave the building until I knew the coach was clear, so it gets his on the phone
Pizza Hut, are they?
Close, the first one, what you almost said.
Pizza loft? Yeah.
No, no, you don't understand, we can have his stuff anytime, I'm not putting it down, it's great, we love him, no, the answer is no, we don't want to see him today, we want something different, okay?
He's got enough repulsed for me to make to buy that $10 million house, is.
How depressing that is.
You better cut the crap, Jeff, where I'll tell your daughter on the air that those stories about you are really true, you know?
Oh, that's right, you weren't here last week when he was in here and I had to out him on the air about all these stories about, he, and then I had to dump him, he said the SH on here, I had to dump him.
Yeah, our classy buddy Jeff Cohen from the world famous pizza loft over there on university drive, they're going strong, it's good stuff, we just want something a little different here today, is that okay?
Is that so unusual? No, that's okay.
We're out of luck, I know, we just, we don't have any friends at Pizza Hut anymore.
There's nothing around here. We got the stadium dining room, we got our good buddy Chuck, we got a bread over there at Tony's.
There's nothing here, this is a vast wasteland.
Somebody will come up with something next to 20 minutes or so real soon, 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pemberpine, hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing? Pretty good sir.
All right, first of all, I just want to say, you helped me get through my day, working bust in my butt out there in Latino land out there in Weston because I'm going to speak English.
I watched out for their pizza man, it's inconsistent is what I hear. I hear you, I hear you. The guy said, anyway, I think you're great.
I love you, yeah, like I say, to help you get me through the day, the small dish rules, I really have nothing more to say other than there are no good restaurants in this town.
Maybe a handful, maybe a handful. And on that, maybe like what I got a small handful.
Yeah, right. And on that on that stadium issue, yes, people get real. It's sports. It's a game. Right. It's like, you know, I hate to break the news to these people, but in a real world, the public doesn't build a business for somebody else and then have them charge them to go there to, you know, subsidize them.
It doesn't make any sense in the world. It doesn't happen. Get with the real world.
Exactly. It's like, I'm a chef. Okay. Hey, my dream. I'm young. My dream is to have my own restaurant.
Well, let's put a high pay back and build you a nice restaurant for a few million.
You know, yeah, hey, want you guys pay for my restaurant. That's what they call investors. Don't ask for the public for money and darn fools.
Amen. All right. You take care and keep up the good work. Don't want to be a chronic, but I love you and you're the best.
And have a great day. You too, boys. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 6. You see, this business of thinking that you're going to ram the stadium down to public strokes.
And you're just going to like keep plowing ahead. Oh, yeah, it's not a question of if it's just a question of where which site is going to be the best and who's going to give them the best deal.
And you'll notice one by one, Davey says no for Lauderdale says no. And before long, they'll all say no when they realize that somebody's going to stick their foot up their.
Correct. The public's going to vote them all out of office if they don't cut the crap immediately. Not sooner.
If he's such good buddies with Wayne and Mickey, like the guy said before, let them each pony up about 100 million.
He can put up 150 or 200 million and that's the end of that building your own goddamn stadium. Okay. We're waiting for that blockbuster park to by the way. We're still holding our breath.
And just like the thing with building Wayne at bigger arena, yet they put out a lot of money for pop del buri. Now where's the rest of the team? Okay. We got three or four guys in it. They're pretty good. Where's the rest of the team after that?
And Mr. Spokesman shares this morning. Oh, well, we're not close to any trades, any deals. We're kind of standing pat. Yes, stand on this. You better hope that this guy's knee holds up real good.
You better pick him up and take a moment of limousine every day, Mr. The Russian rocket because if God forbid, he gets her again. You can kiss that whole deal. Goodbye.
You can kiss the Murray's goodbye pack him a submarine. Shabbat which means because they'll be on the first bus to anywhere to Okahomka turnpike plaza.
Here's a mobile in four lot of day. Hello. Hey, good morning. Yes, sir. First thing, well, Godfather has disappeared from South Florida because Dominos pizza bottom up about 10 years ago.
Did bottom out? Yeah, they were buying the full of stores. That's way to beat the competition. That's like what Wayne pulled. But that blockbuster business, he bought everybody else out. All the video stores vanished and that's where he made all the money.
Exactly. Well, I'm you know something if you would have told me that somebody good bought them out. I was so agonized, but Dominos bought them out. That's exactly what happened. That's criminal. I mean, that is seriously people should be on death row for that.
And about a month ago, my wife and I saw this pizza commercial. That was good. Let's get a pizza. And we ordered a pizza that we're all out of dough. All we have are the thinning crispy, which you're talking about this morning. Yeah. I said, it's a great. It's like, oh, it's great. Get a home. It tastes like frozen pizza.
The reason why because when I brought it back to get my money back, I see this woman walking around with a handful of pizza doughs. I said, those clothes and she's like, yeah, I think that really how you make pizza. They have frozen pizza dough at pizza house. That's what that's what the thinning crispy is. Oh my god. No wonder it tastes like mozza.
Exactly. Okay. I don't want. Yes, sir. Go ahead. Do you think the sun sent me will ever get a picture of Powell Burry when he's not wearing his connobs shirt? No.
No. They're a little behind the time. Have a great day, pal. You say, but I didn't even look at the pictures. You weren't a connox thing here. Let's see. Yeah. You can't really tell, but this guy, but obviously actually know something about it. And he is. He's wearing a guy that connox is on there. Nice going sun sentinel. Nice going, Mike Russo. It would have taken a little bit of effort to get him on with the panthers. You're on there. Clowns. As if anybody in this town would know. But you see this guy caught on. He's on. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
On the AT&T wireless line. It's just it's just this radio show. I mean, you know, I take it out just a show. This is a great town. A lot of wonderful people here just really outgoing. Really involved in what's happening in their life. Really with it. Understand what's going on in the world. A lot of real intense sports fans here and the politics politically highly motivated. Oh god.
Please enough talking.
Yeah.
I'm going to have to go.
Yeah.
Hey. I don't have to go yet.
What's the size of this thing?
What is that thing? Were you for the time being? Can't make my box of jumpers.
It's on a knife.
It's on 46 and 5 60 W. Can we get a call yet about even six and tongue tied? No. No. We wouldn't. No. We don't even know the name of the movie that that's the song. What does it say? It's from the soundtrack.
Yeah. I think it's something missing or something like that. Nobody miss audience knows because these people are you know when it came to Jan and Dean they were too young for that but they're too old for this. So you figured that.
Here's a mobile and color rage. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. About God bothers. Yeah, they disappeared a while ago and they were good. I remember them was like early 80s. And they were good. But they're definitely there's none around in South Florida.
No, they don't want your I got the list. Yep. And macaroni grill never had a bad experience there. Good. Good meal every time. Been there 10 times. Never had a bad time. About Jan and Dean. Yeah.
It's my theory that when white boys get together and think about surfing that things happen to them because look at the beach boys.
Yeah, mostly dead and trying to get around. Yeah, brain cancer. Yeah. And Jan with the horrible disfigurement. Right. I mean it's yeah, I guess maybe it's like a curse or something. Have you seen what he looks like now? Did you see that thing on VH1? No, I did not.
Oh, you would be so depressed. You'd lock yourself in a room for days and never come out. You wouldn't believe it. Well, you've got a girl's name too. Yeah, I guess that's a good point. Okay, listen, have a great day, sir.
You were doing so well. We got to that point. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Don't start the Jan and Dean stuff again. Please. This audience don't know from Jan and Dean. We got all the young whippersnappers are under the age of 100.
You know, once upon a time when I started on here in this town, I used to talk to people over the age of 100. Now I'm talking to people under the age of 100 and then myself. I'm an old fart, but not as old as the original one somewhere in between. So I'm kind of like in a time warp.
I'm more into Eve 6 myself. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I got a time green fireport. Oh, right. You're going to be on TV tonight. Bill mayor. That's talk show all the pundits, whatever. What do you mean on politically incorrect? Yeah, that's not the guy's name Bill. Mar Mar. Yeah, I got a direct TV comment here.
Yeah, this is not the green. Yeah, you know something even his theme song, even the open of the show is better than most of the other shows that are on the whole show. The last couple shows are so funny that I don't know how this guy does the undercutters pizza thing that just the and then the thing with a P.A. system in the ballpark. Where did drag them out? Hello? Yes, go ahead. So the direct TV thing is that I just moved into a place where you know you pay for the cable in your maintenance. So as much as I love that.
I have to cancel it. And that is until I try to call them call them three nights in a row. And when you try to speak to somebody, just hold on a minute, hold on a minute and it clicks you to a busy signal. Really? I don't know what the hell got on with you. You could be able to get into
the street. That's a good way to keep the meter running. Yeah, and as far as the stadium around here, come on, please, like we need one. Just just a no, OK, pal. 5 6 7 0 5 60 time green. I'm politically incorrect, which I hate that show. By the way, it's one of the worst shows. It has no point. It's a silly show, but nevertheless, if Tom greens on.
Yeah, the other cutters pizza bit was especially great because they were really hostile. I mean, I you have to wonder how many times that they go out and tape a bit like that and it never breaks the
year because the response is so hostile and so violent that they don't dare put it on the air. Pretty damn hostile, especially when a guy kicked the he had like a fishing thing, you know, like like a box, a tackle box.
And inside the tackle box was in where they have all the different places for the lures instead they had like little packages of pepperoni and cheese and all the other stuff until he's got a plain cheese pizza and here the other delivery guys bring in his oh no, I'm the guy with a pizza and we're undercutting the price I can give it to a cheaper.
What did you want on it? The guy says extra cheese and he opens up the tackle box and pulls out a bunch of cheese and spears it on top of the and the guys just get out of here, get the F out of here and it just we got worse from there. The guy with a hammer came running after him.
Turn off the camera. Let's go. He's got a hammer. Let's go. It was great. Nice going Tom.
There's this. I see a thing in the paper this morning about how Letterman is taking a big dump you know and they're blaming TVS for I got news for you talk about you know, I think he threw the pencil out the window one time too many put him over the edge.
Tom Green. See if they had a brain they would have put Tom Green on there. Can you imagine the numbers they would have?
Because Jay Leno on a scale of zero he owes about 400 points just looking at that chin is enough to make me puke I wouldn't I wouldn't watch Jay Leno if you pay me by the second.
And he's blowing him away and even Conan O'Brien is blowing that's what Al Goldstein said he said he's blowing it which is why I went on the show.
Here's Delray hello. Yes sir. It was quick. It was teaching Mr. Tingle anyway. I told Georgia but I'm.
What do you want right away? Okay. I got one of the call and mentioned about Godfather pizza. I remember in Davis one years ago. I was like I would drive so far the way to eat the pizza. Yeah. It was awesome. It was great. Everything.
Every time we get something good in this town it vanishes. Oh man. You know it. Are you sure positive? Yeah. Hey. Can I call somebody to you? Yes sir. Six cents and blind rage douchebags. Okay. Thank you. Now what do you say the name of her was Tingle? Am I a Dingle teaching this thing? Teaching this tingle.
And then maybe the group is Eve six and the video is the guy that you keep seeing the video that you're hot for I think is in the movie. That's why they show in the video. Great. Well I'm going to go see that right now. I'm going to go see you tingle my bingo. Yeah. Oh yeah. And then of course the drummer in the group. Blah whoever saw good looking drummer.
And please don't tell me that Dennis Wilson. I mean he was blonde but please don't tell me he didn't look so good underwater right here. Dennis Wilson. I mean I know he was okay.
Hey let's let's not get carried away. You would think by the way I was thinking is about what a sexist world we still live in because it's run mainly by heterosexual males. Which is why you see all these hot young female things on air like at MTV. Jennifer Lopez. Christy and Aguilar are by the way is a real pig but they got her dialed up to look good. Seriously.
How many have looking guys you see on MTV and please don't tell me like back street boys forget it wouldn't touch him with your hand 98 degrees. I do like Nick a lot but I mean that face that knows you know love his music forget Jesse camp.
Who exactly he's a freak. I got him on a CD over here. Jesse camp. He'll put your guts up there. It's like a VJ or some.
He's a. Yeah think he's a singer put a CD out. See that's why Enrique stands out above the rest even with the big mole okay Enrique just hangs it above the rest like a butterfly.
Here's a mobile in Miami yellow. Neil yes sir a couple months ago I was over in Fort Myers and I had a bad stomach virus and what did I run into.
Yeah I said well no way it was excellent there used to be one by my house on a bird road right and I tell you I it was it was still like on it's still like I think I was getting
pretty ever had in this town sure that was the best we ever had was Godfather's in her long gone they had one there that person was being a Mexican style pizza that was just the
top of each of that's the best one that's it. It was excellent and every time I've been up there I've just made an effort to stop over there and I keep
wondering why they don't have it down here but then again like you say whenever we have something good they take it away from us.
Well see the guy before I mean that would be a good point down on those bottom up because you know you if you can't beat the competition you buy them up and make them go away.
But in closing. I'm going to say good bye to all three of them before mid season.
I'll go to the bank on that. 5 6 7 0 5 60 in fact I have a feeling that before mid season they're going to be coming to the macarena and throw
them both ties on the ice I could be wrong about that or maybe just some vote high pasta will get the message across you know we don't want to get too carried away.
We want to do anything dangerous. Here's Miramar hello.
Hey. Yes sir. How you doing?
Well done listen to that first time call. All right. Just wanted to first say George did a great job while he's gone.
I know it's a little behind it. Yeah that's okay. I thought he did a good job. He thinks I was too and he believes that he always
knows that bonus from last waiting book but he's hoping he lives long enough to see it.
I'll tell them to keep people to get the check there on time. Hold your breath.
Hey there you go. Hey listen I don't know.
I don't know why George is sucking up the Greg Reed lately so much because quite frankly Greg Reed has never willingly given George
anything that he owed him right from the right from the get go right from hiring him in the big
which is in the contract right from the beginning he has always resisted giving George anything that he owed him legally or otherwise but anyway go ahead.
Well I'm going to allow you as that shovel sitting over your grave. Exactly. We want to talk about that. Do you get up to New York ever?
Never. Haven't been in New York in many many years.
Well if you want to do so.
Then Rudy Giuliani made it into a Disney North I haven't been there.
One pit but if you do get up there there's a place called Ray's Pizza and it's behind St. Vincent Hospital.
I know. I can't. I know. I mean New York Pizza you can't you can't compare with that down here. New York Pizza is the best in the world except of course in Italy.
Yeah. There you go. Hey can I call somebody a doux boy?
Yes sir. Hey Bob Augustine out there. I ain't going to make it today and your douchebag.
Okay. And I feel five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. So we're getting Tony's today.
I mean Brad from Tony's Tony's a hundred ninety third Northwest second Avenue with their peaches moved way up on a list by the way.
I mean it's getting better and better and better. In fact Tony tail we turn him down today.
Not that his stuff isn't great. It's very very good but we just want to keep him on his toes.
As opposed to on his back where he's been spending way too much of his time lately we'll from what I hear.
And by the way I sure hope his daughter ain't listening over there. You know Jeff Cohen at the pizza lot because she'd be really embarrassed and red faced.
They're the stories about what he's been up to lately like the last several months after the divorce of course.
Oh not four minutes before noon at five sixty.
You took it and I am the boy.
We need to be you've down to red dog you've chugged a red wolf now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock.
Red cock's foamy head will lead you breathless red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat.
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock.
You can shake it and spray it all over.
Remember you can't beat a red cock.
Just look for the label with the big red pecker on the front.
Twelve one at five sixty WQF. So here's a fact from a chronic factor Carolyn who says been the macaroni grill and candle many many times.
They sing there too in fact groups of them sing and they sing on top of tables you wouldn't be able to bear it.
How do you like that thanks Carolyn for the bad news. Why do they do that?
What is wrong with you people in the restaurant business are realizes it's a chain and some consultant somewhere somebody in upper level management when they came up with the concept they said oh yeah this will be another wrinkle will put in it will make us different and there really be neat etc.
There is maybe I'm wrong you can correct me if there's anybody in the audience that goes to any restaurant for entertainment.
They want to go to where I don't know about you but I go to a restaurant for the food I said that yesterday I'll say it again today.
I don't give a crap about somebody playing a violin about somebody singing me a song especially about somebody getting up on a guy damn a table and singing the man you know I mean forget it.
Swony river whatever that was Christ.
This is the thing my good friends at Poppano Park the geniuses that they are this is the deal they tried in the dining room my last year along with the brown table the paper tablecloths and the gourmet dining for all the old shleppers that come out there.
That lasted about five minutes and they had a bunch they had this a cappella group that would come around about five of them three a chicks and two guys all of them ugly by the way and they would come right on your table when you wanted it or not and it would stand there and here you're trying to watch the odds and try to get you know go make a bet.
Here's all the final casting you're trying to bet three tracks at the same time and they're standing you distracting you and a singing duo but you're a goddamn table.
And it's like when somebody you know calls and gets a slipper to come in on your birthday it's that kind of embarrassment you sit there and you want to crawl into a hole in the ground that's how embarrassed you are like.
Gee are they ever going to go away you know can I look now are they gone yet.
Why why why are people hung up on that kind of crap nobody goes into the macaroni grill or any other similar kind of a restaurant for the entertainment now maybe I'm wrong maybe there's somebody that's totally crazy out there it needs to be committed needs to be in a rubber room.
Because if you call me and tell me you go in here to see some maniac or a bunch of them stand up on a table and sing a pile of crap then you need help.
Here's the curl gables hello.
Curl gables.
Hey Neil how you doing pretty good sir.
I just wanted to say that as far as the stadium goes I own a restaurant curl gables I did it the old fashioned way maybe John Henry should take a little cue from me.
Follow your money and pay it back with interest there you go there's no way we should endorse a stadium.
Anyways you know we've got a wood burning a tiny pizza of it I'd be happy to send you some down really we don't do any tricks no gimmicks it's a good restaurant it's called pausy and corgables okay and if you're interested I'll send you down some delicious pizzas you can try and find it by side with Tony.
How about how about Thursday Thursday yeah Thursday works for me you're open for lunch.
Great Thursday would be great you know where we are yep also as far as Jeff Cohen goes yes sir let me tell you the stories are true.
I know first and experience oh really yes okay thanks for the good news thanks to you Thursday you got it I'm sure if it's alive they got first hand experience with ponytail.
By the way speaking of ponytail then we ever hear from other ponytail close friend it's supposed to be working on my tickets that we did and wouldn't be say he's working on it.
Oh no see I can't I can't deal with that not that I don't trust my good close friend Woody Graber not that I don't take his word as the ms but anybody that did that much acid wood stock the original one I'm sorry.
I have to have an answer this week just like I want my guy named Dolphins tickets that even for me I gave my tickets away I promise him to somebody else and fat boy no problem no problem paly if I see them sent no I won't see him again.
The biggest scam artist on the face of the earth fat boy just on bullet right on that on all you guys you got to see that's one thing about this place no matter what I say no matter what you're it says word troublemakers were liars were compulsive bull crap artists no matter what we say they don't believe it they do the opposite just like Greg coming here the other day when.
And that's the act of his last Thursday and then running around the building oh what was the real story what really happened that's the kind of guy that we work for a guy that no matter what you say to and of course you expect that from him because when you tell as many tall tales as he tells it's very hard to have any credibility with anybody you think everybody's a liar I shouldn't have said that.
Here's a mobile in Miami lake so long.
Hey Neil yes sir speaking of fat asses I want to talk about fat Joe the NASCAR slob fat Joe.
Who's that that parts that answers the phone for George fat Joe Joe Castello is fat absolutely okay great good call excellent he wants to talk about him and I still let him go on and do they have anything to say no no.
Probably because Joe won't put this comeback on here it's probably the reason why five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's Miami hello.
Neil how you doing today sir okay sir Neil let's not forget the one that started at 30 minutes or it's free they're pretty good the casinos people who casinos pizza never heard of it oh they were around here long time ago about 87 around there never heard of it and they said it was casinos pizza.
Also good also we can't become no more but the thing is they forced the dominoes and the other people to do it under 30 minutes but now that they're gone now dominoes takes 50 minutes and if you call like a pop up I'm not going to say the whole name pop it pop it John Wanya yeah you call it pop up call him up about ten thirty and they're not doing anything in the store there just nothing there no orders they'll still tell you take an hour and a half to get there.
All right but I want to know right I mean this is and dominoes used to do it that if it was more than 30 minutes I'll give you three dollars off they don't even do that no more yeah well that's because they bought up all the competition so they you know they're cocky now yeah and there's just little sucks the good stuff what that found is a hungry how is down on us one they're pretty
I mean dominoes and pop up a jump all is just remember just say no to domino thank you okay do it in fact you can't take the anno out of dominion five six seven oh five sixty on five sixty on the mobile one line I mean I don't want to pick on them too much but the fact is they got a real crappy product
and also the fact is that they're very successful see that that goes to show you we're talking about all these other places which the one he was saying what was it the casinos casinos I never heard of it
I never even got to it it disappeared so fast because if it's really sensational the odds on it sticking around very long down in this neck of the woods are very slim very slim
all right I ain't going we had strong brew know that water down sucks so to demonstrate this let's eat drop on this Saturday night date hey Julie want to get naked now oh my gosh our first date so what good naked go away you're moving way too fast hormone boy now let's check back in after you're going to get your hand on the
just one strong brew go want to get naked now I'd love to spread and I'm John whatever call me what you want water down to sucks strong
brew is 300% alcohol by volume and guarantee they get a buzz on hmm he's like this five different flavors to choose from strong
brew 1213 at 560 WQM we're getting pizza from Tony's today which very excited about that from our buddy Brad but
Thursday we're going to move on onward and up with the different things and maybe like in the weeks to come I would
got to stop the seating craft you know I think like after this week after after I'd say a week from Thursday we'll stop eating for a while
here is the Hollywood hello yes Neil yes sir so first of all I just say something I he wasn't to me so bank okay you hate what
you cute 5 6 7 it's unlucky I'm one in his mouth and it 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line cute here's a poppin oh hello
now yes sir how you doing today okay I was probably the only other one that saw that Jan and Dean thing yeah oh my
God something happened to that guy I would say maybe a few other people saw and probably didn't survive it whoa you
know and then right after that they had behind the music or one of the other one was share and they talked about her
going through her movie career and all that and they showed that movie man do you ever walls yeah mask that's the guy that's
Jan Berry right there yeah yeah you look at the face that's where the back back to back just like seeing job
job I still can't get over it cannot possibly be the same person I mean we like it at all some people age better
than others but that's just too scary for them when she was after I'm next yeah you know who knows
whatever I'm sitting here with my daughter in the rain she loves you she want me to tell you she loves
you and she has a shameless for you yes sir my ain't it okay thanks buddy and back at you she wants his
ainus 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line here's Helen Dale hello you know yes sir how
well is that okay my name is Raymond I listen to your show safely every day and I really enjoy it
and I wish you a good idea where rubber raincoat when you wear the show Raymond that's the safest way to do it
okay I enjoy it a lot and I wish you the best for you and everybody's at the show that works with you
and every day I agree with you with everything you say but today about macaroni grill you have to
call right ahead if you haven't written my name I mean I'm a big fat ass
well I'm a fat ass too I would like to know I don't just say rip that fat ass if you want if you
had a bad experience go right ahead I'm not here to come on the spotting head up better experience at
all I mean I used to be a waiter for macaroni grill oh so it's like sour grapes now Ray I mean the
service is great are you Italian yes sir the one I get tired see they heard all the Julio's now
they don't want no more Italian to you that's no seriously we had a guy named Jose who was selling
pollo instead of polo and I have very upset about that where where no pollo in Italy okay right
right yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
and like I said I used to be a waiter in macaroni grill and the managers were great everybody
there were were great the problem right man the problem is that that first of all I don't agree
with the food I mean I think the food is not good I mean I've been to a lot of family on restaurant
small restaurants all by Italian people and yeah best restaurant you can go and eat Italian food I
mean we're talking about macaroni grill that is a franchise you know that they have all over yeah
you know what I mean and it's a different if you go to a mac to a restaurant owned by a ton of people
you know and then then the you'll see the different on the food you know what I mean and it's
it's different you know the reason I left yeah like the pizza law for Jeff Cohen he's
gonna tell you boy which one oh yeah I'm listening okay um another thing that I wanted to tell
you is about I'll even jump on the legs and when you go on sorry it's really worth going through some
east I mean I'm sorry west yeah you're right that you were talking about 180 s remember well last
night around maybe 12 o'clock or 12 30 you know how how sorry it's really about this around that time
they surely no cars about right so I was going west and you know how the fly the life flashes yellow
okay well these guys coming from eight 118 s and he didn't stop he just went right through it
you know what I mean and if it wasn't for me that I slowed down I would have him you know and I
think they should change the light and make it like I'm you know I'm moving like like red green you
know I mean yellow purple violet yeah well no whatever well anything it'll stop him yeah exactly you
know I mean they're crazy people out there Raymond they'll kill you yeah always stop or at least
at 10 15 seconds and look around even if the light ain't red okay Raymond look at them I'll pass
your word along I'll tell him you hate them like poison can I call somebody a douchebag go ahead
they fed more yellow you a douchebag and they show you a douchebag okay thank you sir I've
been hurt you okay Raymond who used to work there as a waiter he said nice people and the nice
ambiance and the food he said they get up to his discriminating standards so it goes 5 6 7 0 5 60
course we're getting it for free from here on in so we like it a lot you know I mean I know
sirs that we can get a lot of crap for example we could probably get the olive garden for free if
I would lie about them hate the olive garden there's another example of the bad taste I'm
I guarantee they're all over town you know what there's the one out there by me in plantation out
there by the fountain shops olive garden it's a place where goiam goiam me to the olive garden if
you if you're Jewish you eat the olive garden I'll tell you right now you got a serious problem with
your taste bud as riva would say I'm guiding light you got a serious problem with your taste bud
is there a comment there uh-huh 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one one what's bud gonna think
when we're in on that plane tonight huh what's gonna happen then all hell's gonna break loose and poor
Blake she's pregnant with her 85th kid see that's why people watch soap operas to make them feel
so much better about their own lives here's a mobile in western hello oh yeah yes sir
I think I can clear up the thing about the singers at the macaroni growth please get them out of
their clear them off the table here let me explain it get them out when when you walked in there if
you looked up at this healing you saw the string of of a little light bulbs right they're trying to
create the backyard atmosphere because that's the type of restaurant is supposed to be back in the
20s in in New York and they tie an air well let me ask you this how many people around now we're
in New York in the 20s I mean the 20s is like even 29 was the depression is 70 years ago how many
people are a hundred years old down here first of all the people 100 years old don't eat in the
restaurant like that you know that right they only eat in the restaurant where they have a glass
with effort that on the table for them you know the guy had an elevator develop the the the ambiance
there probably well what you do you like that do you like the entertainment I've only I've only
I've been there about 20 times I've only had one singer at one time saying well some of the
words it was just my life he did timing was either right or wrong yeah right I give you a dish to
try there you try that chicken masala with the roasted potatoes yeah I guarantee you you will go
back just for that dish okay it's excellent God bless you know okay thanks so in other words I
was lucky one this guy's been there 600 times only once did he get stuck with some stupid singer
standing on the table I've been there one time and with my stick and luck I got some guy swinging
a swinging and singing swanney river up on the goddamn table five six I mean what's wrong with
you people don't you understand it's like everything else why doesn't the public tell them instead
of sitting there that's great see every place I've ever been every place it's just like when you
go to a sporting event somebody can butcher the national anthem can just brutalize it and yet everybody
hey all right let's hear it and either they're applauding because they're glad it's over or because
it's just out of habit instead of saying hey you suck it out of here let's get out with a game
something like that so many pushy's out there that's the problem with this country everybody's a yes
man your pain for a meal you don't want some crappy entertainment you don't want some
goofball from the kitchen coming out there trying to impress all his fellow cooks in there
who just got off the banana boat five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
here's Miami hello Neil yes sir Michael Kath the muffin man your former friend I used to bring
some muffins from the adventurer of oh yeah Jesus Christ from a hundred years ago
just I'm blanking me I'll take it took me about ten seconds
at me too I was I was in the macro the first thing that crossed my mind was yeah yeah
I was sitting table away from you at the macaroni grill well really well how can he didn't say
something I you know I was with that was at the with a little birthday gathering I was
that took toward the back of the restaurant and I caught you I turned around to hear the bus boy
singing that wonderful are you swiney river yeah and it was going to pay my homage but I got up
and and you were gone oh but I that's got to go that's singing that's my first time probably
and years that I'd been in a macaroni grill and be the last time for a while yeah why do they
stop doing that I can't imagine that there's one person that really enjoys that and most people
are just trying to be too polite and they're too quiet to speak up and say hey that was crap we
just want to eat our dinner in peace and have a good time if you want to play a little music in
a back like most restaurants do that's fine you know I was shushed by I tried to continue quietly
my conversation but oh no you can't do that you have to sit there like speechless in all while
this performance goes on and you're going well what is it like you know like what is he doing I
was getting to the punchline of my big joke and by the time it was the song was over yeah it was
all a big joke was flat yeah but it's I have you tuned on the audio net all day here and unfortunately
I can't get any radio reception I'm in downtown Miami oh forget that unfortunately they're
ping-a-block they're single out of downtown I think that might be yeah you might be on this
something but I would if you put me back on hold with George I'd love to maybe swing by
bring you by some of those great muffins and maybe I'll sing a little tune while man the first
part sounds good they hold on okay Neil okay talk to your buddy Michael the muffin man I can't
eat him because you know they have all those carbs in them but George will eat him anything for free
George will pop in his puts five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one on
we're trying to solve some problems here for you business people out there who just don't
understand how you do business all of them probably doing pretty good I'll tell you another place
that I used to go to since we're talking food intensive especially in that area and I'm sure
they're all over town still with floodruckers can we say that on the air no I can't say it see that's
part of the problem with that floodruckers thing is you they can't advertise because you're not
allowed to say that on the air floodruckers and the food is very very good I like the idea if you go
in and you get your burger and you go around and you put on the cheese sauce all of a sudden the only
problem is that they buttered the button and you know what happened it'll make you
shit all every time I mean guaranteed you could be plugged up for 100 years and you have one of
those with a buttered button make you shit every time like a gigantic lobamba just came through your
colon and I remember when they first opened their own university in Sunrise is it I think
when that one first open man you couldn't get anywhere near that place it was jamming man
round the clock every minute that they were open you couldn't get near it for lover money
still there here's Miami hello hello yes sir okay good talk good talk to you
before you get to it here's the Hollywood hello hello yes shine hey this is a first time call to you
but I've been the world with this a long time um concenos pizza place yeah is identity I worked
at both of them when I was a teenager both places are identical the same it's like some owner
or some corporate officer took everything you needed from dominoes opened up casinos just
changed the name on the top all the paperwork the same all the ingredients everything was exactly
the same except for the name well then how could it all be good how how how come everybody says
it was good then it's not it's the identical food as dominoes nothing different at all and
dominoes I don't know if you're sure my dogs wouldn't need dominoes that's how bad dominoes is my
dogs wouldn't look at it dominoes used to be the 30 minutes free and then when they stopped doing
it after they got a big client base casino started to try to rob some of the dominoes customers
over them I when I was working there I thought it was some sort of like tax scam or something going
on because they went came into business they opened up a lot of locations then they went right
out of business just a fact so I thought there was some crooked in the you know up in the corporate
and then right then mark yeah but it was it's everything is identical to dominoes nothing
different at all everything that's all okay thanks for the good news okay so in other words
casinos suck in spite of what George and the other guy said it was a dominoes rip off or clone
I can only talk about the one that was up here writing this neighborhood well he said you're full of
whatever he said it was a dominoes pulling and he knows is a crap in fact that was the first
thing he said yeah he'll Roger's got
there he was just a walking on the sea saying
do I did it did it dumb did it
they'll cut
he's a man from the land of delicacy do I did it
it dumbed it
they'll cut
he's good he's good
he by
he by
he's good
he by
changes water into wine
the next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet singing
do I did it
it dumbed it
stop lying out gonna see and the dumb are gonna speak singing to what did it
it dumbed it
it do he walked on walked on
who might talk my dark walked down through my dark then he cured a leopard's
source
oh
whoa whoa some say he's the son of God
oh
yes they do what there's other people think it so I
now he's the reason that we have an Easter day singing to
I did it did it dumb did it do
and he's the reason that all the Christians were singing to
I did it did it dumb did it do they praise him praise him
kneel down kneel down praise him and kneel down the
man who wore a thorny glove do I did it did it dumb did it do
do I did it did it dumb oh yeah do
do I did it did it dumb he's a Jew
do I did it did it dumb he's a Jew
or do I did it did it dumb he's a Jew
do I did it did it he's a Jew
alright so 32 at 560 WQM we got Hank Goldberg at 2 Jim Mad Dog
Mandage am I right about that yeah are you sure
well that's right he's out in San Diego but he will be on here from San Diego
thank God the night at 6 o'clock thank you right up to Marlon Pregame time at 930
and after that you're on your own here for the second day in a row to
show we're making a gigantic impact all over the world now thanks to the
internet here is another fast from a different person in London how do you
like that uh another bloody guy over there in London says
hiding all listening over the internet from London England I'd like to say what a
brilliant show you give we listeners every day you give we listeners every day
oh he means the little people that's with two ease I discovered you when I came
down to Miami this year early on the case the station we got here and I'd
allow to use certain words on the air like hello and goodbye which takes the fun
out of listening keep up the good work because they had no first amendment
in England that's why and even here it's pretty shaky because you can't say
f***ing f***ing f*** over here either thank you Michael at King's College in London
England and God bless you and the bloody queen
that crazy old bitch and that drunken queen mum
mum's the word in England by the way 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the mobile one line and you know that you would think that they'd
have a lot of people listening on the internet over there because they're so
constipated and depressed and desperate to reach out to the real world which is
why every time those kids go to Amsterdam they're out of control
stay out of Amsterdam by the way all your British kids you screw it up for
everybody else here's Hollywood hello
hey what's up and you know sir hey you noticed on the pork at Poirotropic
it's harder as the store stays open longer yeah and when they first open the
pork used to be nice and tender now you get it it's like
okay well you get the end of that account okay 5 6 7 0 5 60
mine's still pretty soft quite frankly and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
that's because the in-beak video was out about 45 minutes ago
oh look at this we're down to three calls now hey it's good because I got
the we saw set up here is gonna talk about a least Miguel yesterday and I know
you don't want to hear any music but that's too bad because lots of people here
pretty soon I'd like to assume sitting here and play the weasel day especially
after these three great-leds de editor in the sunset and a couple of days ago
oh what a nice talk I can do now it's getting a little bit firm on
yeah I don't know about too but I kind of like my pork firm I saw it that's great
est voice in the world regardless of what anybody will say that I'm sure what
anybody says including the little spick in the other one who just
java's because he's a
yeah seeing just because he can't speak english shows some spots like Ricky
Martin is making it big which just makes my heart bleed to think that a no-talent queen like
Ricky Martin is making it really big I I used to be lucky and different with Ricky Martin
you know he looked okay and he never stole a freight train but now I just I just scream
I did not as loud as he screams but I just go wild when I see him because it makes me
angry because he's a no-talent the baguette is what it is if he was a talented
baguette that I'd say all right but he's just just another height job just
another manufactured piece of turt and all of the world is oh Ricky Ricky
that's what I'm doing every time I see him Ricky go away please you and Larry
King alone if you make a good match because Larry still prefers the top 5 6 7 0 5
60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line although I will say Larry finally hit the bottom last night
he finally scraped the bottom he sucking barnacles off the bottom of the ship right now
after that David Brooker with some of Sam scam on the Ellery King last night the worst the absolute
only 60 dollars worst ever here's a mobile and four-lotterdale hello yeah hey Neil you were asking
about why the Sun Sentinel was a strong supporter of using public money to build a baseball stadium
yes sir it might be the fact that the Sun Sentinel loaned by the Tribune yeah
shows the Chicago Cups yeah but that's not public money that's the Tribune well yeah but what I'm
saying is do you think the trip is going to go against public funding of a baseball stadium when
they own a baseball team maybe they're test driving the the effort down here to build themselves
in this stadium and further if you would you want to be one of the Tribune executives that shows
up the baseball meetings and says hey we shot down the stadium in Florida that ain't gonna happen
so why can't they just keep their mouth shut there why can't they just present the facts and let
the public decide why they always have to try to manipulate the public for their own personal
a profit and gain and not just let the you know the public decide for themselves just like with
that penny sales tax bullcraft they try to put over well Neil that's the American F and
weight baby that's capital is yeah well FM that's what I say hey bro I'm with you 100 percent
love your show me okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and like I said before
the Chicago Tribune companies got more money than God they own WGN they own the Cubs they've got
money they got a license to steal okay so answer me so to that if they're so gong ho about it
I'll repeat it again let them put up half the money John Henry puts up the other 200 million
and they can build their own goddamn 400 million dollars stadium and leave the public alone for once
so maybe we have a little bit of money for some roads and for some schools and for something
that's really important in life besides some stupid goddamn ballpark all these ridiculous
emotional psychotic editorials and op-ed pieces about oh it's so important to a city and it's so
important the families into our culture you're full of crap okay you're absolutely full of crap
there's plenty of places in America that don't have a baseball stadium don't have a baseball team
and a lot of places are as a matter of fact they got major league baseball in Vegas they seem to be doing
okay they seem to be raking in the money there they seem to be drawn millions of tourists in
there without a baseball park the tourists by the way come to see baseball no and of course
you know in the summertime not only don't we have any tourists anyway but most of the people
live here are gone anyway in the summertime when they're playing baseball I'm I know they'll
confuse them with the facts I'm sorry apologize and okay whipped up again we're friends it's not worth it okay
now here's Larry can from Italy for Marilyn Quill hello oh yes laria yeah I got to see that you
look great in that ministered in leather busier thanks are you wearing any underwear uh no well it's
very provocative you ain't seen nothing yet oh my god have you ever seen anything like this
that to zoom put Alicia in that thing and take it for a walk
Larry came by and continued swaddled by world views after this local commercial break next
I'm seeing him very well man who never met a rectum wouldn't like five four what is it five
I have no idea what the number is honey I just got a mental block can you believe that
all of I'm sitting here and all of a sudden just because I'm so pissed off I'm getting
the bloodboarding in my head again five six seven oh five sixty and five five sixty on a mobile one
I had like three seconds of total loss there again because of it getting so pissed off and of course
nobody in this audience cares anyway because hopefully like maybe no no more than two or three other
people saw it last night the worst hour of television in history the most irresponsible hour
and CNN ought to be getting flooded with calls seriously I got so psychotic for like three seconds
I had no idea where I wasn't what the goddamn number was here's the Hillsboro Beach hello
a meal yes sir yeah I'm from Hillsboro Beach well nobody's perfect okay and I just said and I
want to tell you something yeah I've been listening to talk shows since the day the Barry
Gray oh yeah well that's Barry and you're and you're the best I've ever heard that's right you are
number one I really get it great joy I want I really caught you there actually did you see that HBO's
show on I'm Lenny Bruce no I did not it was an excellent show it was a very provocative yeah I
don't know if he was the leading one that that led to I mean he did now you know so life has to
move on but it was really good you know they really killed him and prevented him from working and
well that's America for you man a lot of repression a lot of a goose stepping and it with trying
catching it's on HBO they show it again I get it I'm gonna have to listen have a great day okay
see okay two calls left at a more never going to Louise 5 6 7 0 5 0 5 0 5 0 5 6 0 5 6 0
I'm so pleased that Latin music and Latin artists are becoming popular I especially like the
treatment you gave Luis Miguel as the interpreter of the old beautiful bolero is the way completely
new generation that now knows what beautiful music really is and one thing about his music with
that beautifully talented voice and obvious emotion even non-spanish speakers love the hearms and
and I should mention again that nice letter I got from my good friend in a bokeh yesterday who
probably isn't listening to show anymore so she'd have us believe Sherry who sucked around for
those backseat boy tickets after three paragraphs of sucking around who also loves the Luis Miguel but
I don't have any I also don't have those dolphin tickets I'm supposed to have from Fatboy who's
a compulsive BS artist and probably in Harry Lear right now 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one
line here's a lady mobile in West Palm hello yes ma'am I just want to tell you that movie
teaching Mrs. Tingles was supposed to be killing Mrs. Tingles but they had to change the name because
of all the command bind yeah not good timing for it yeah so we've been listening to you all the
way from North Florida on our trip home from South Carolina and we've been very into things nothing
could be finer than get out of Carolina that's what I hear I'm happy to be home even though it's
point okay have a great day sweetheart bye very watching that's what George tells me is the name
of the kid that's in that video who looks extraordinarily good to me along with the blonde
drummer from that group what's the name of the group again it's called what is it EFX EFX so
that's what David cancels me sorry yeah all these they want to see all these bird out old musicians
just turn on that behind the music or whatever on the VH one of your really depressed 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a mobile one line here's a mobile implantation hello Neil yes sir how do you give
way eating pizza on the act and style don't eat the crust is that it either with a fork in
addition to which you said I'm on the act and died does it look to you like I'm on the
act and die while you're slimmer what you used to yeah I lost a lot of weight now I'm stuck
on a neutral I don't gain any I don't lose any and I'm struggling to just to hold my own so to speak
well that's good that's right I work what about Flavio's there in plantation you got one right
up on stay roast Flavio is Flavio say there yeah Flavio full video full video is that what it
I don't want to write one in baby she says she likes the pizza there never heard of it unless it's
full video which is what I don't even know if they make pizza right next to the right next to the
christward duber ship right up on stay road seven there just south of Sheridan Street
stay road seven south of Sheridan Street is plantation no no there's one in plantation also
they have it's a family own thing and it's Flavios yeah I've ever heard of it yeah okay thanks
I have good okay well it sounded like it was put out by the fact that I never I never heard of it okay
oh yeah I know that place do I know it no I never heard of it and how do I get away how does
you get away with ask me what now I'm eating okay I'll eat whatever I want to eat so I don't
want to get rooting and temperate and it's that we're not out of step here but quite frankly I'm
not on the act and I'm on the eat whatever the hell I want that without the good and out of control
and keep my blood sugar nice and look like I was 75 this morning sounds real nice to me sounds real
good to me had a real good day yesterday and I got a perfect day today life goes on I'll do the
best I can and by the way taking all that folic acid and that anti-homo formula I don't know if I
mentioned that enough you know that McCulley caulking book whatever is named Kilmer McCulley well
that's the only name we can remember is McCulley caulking and then you think of that in your
subordination you know what I'm saying you get it no no Kilmer McCulley MD what's the name of that
book fighting the heart breakthrough break your nose solution I got a solution for him
but at any rate it's about the homo-sistine thing which is a lot worse than your cholesterol
and I don't want to start preaching again but I'm going to tell you I got my homo-sistine level
down from 15.4 to 10 in three months taking all that folic acid and then anti-homo-sistine formula
which you can buy right in the goddamn drugstore or in your supermarket or anywhere
it says homo right on the label so I was you know kind of drawn to it 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a
mobile one line so your average doctor out there they don't know from homo-sistine they don't
know from nothing all they know is here just you know sign a thing with your insurance or write me
a check that's what most of them know and my new doctor by the way which I haven't heard from
in some time which is good he's a good guy but you know he's got his own philosophies about life
and never the Toys shall meet he's a good guy I'll go there and get some blood test taken and his
assistant there is you know the guy we just had from Hillsboro Beach I think that was his assistant
doing a voice yeah Igor Igor Jr. Good guy but kind of a little like David Horro from Poppano Park
little strange good guy no sure thing I mean find it a real doctor because quite frankly philosophically
Dr. Mark and I agree a hell of a lot more I'm like Atkins and about and the whole thing with the
blood sugar and cholesterol all the all these things the only problem is his practice kind of
like his floating you know like one day it's in one block and then and some weeks he's kind of
floating too you know he's hard to find he's busy in a politics and his band so I do agree with
him philosophically he's a great guy and I'll go see him one of these days again some time some
day when he grows some hair back but in the meantime I need to do actually will like be in a
in a in a in a place someday you know like in a in a place where I can go and see him and he can
take some blood and then say how about a stress test you know I'll say no no they're always
peddling always peddling I'm not good I don't need a stress test to see if I can start exercising
okay I don't need a stress test he did the AKG at no charge and it was perfect it was great
okay that should be good for starters 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
what's the name of that book by McCauley Culkin
first solution here's a Margate hello yes sir I know this is a small story so far but is
anybody called you up and what's going on about what's going on in Kansas about the evolution
right of course not they're not going to talk about that I mean you know it's a bunch of
Yahoo's out there what do you expect this thing is though this is something you could do one
of like four hours on it's something that puts a bridge to other states which is right
I could say I could say listen you say I could do four hours on it and what's that kind of
accomplish well what is that kind of accomplish you might you might you might you might
invigorate the the population down here oh yeah no how about the how about how about
here's your guy I want to program the show I don't want to talk about Joe Carrollo I don't
want to talk about the city managers I don't want to talk about them trying to get evolution out
of the schools in Kansas because take a look at that Elizabeth Dole they did it I know that
I understand I've got it right here it's an old story I know that and I haven't even brought it
up yet because quite frankly what's the point what is the point just like the thing with Larry
King and David Berkowitz and his Jesus crap that's going to forgive him God has forgiven him for all
those people he murdered these people are out there like a law law land they want to talk a lot
of good place to get a pizza they don't give a crap about these things it's America man
they got a crappy education system in this country so nobody knows anything about history
anything about civics anything about anything that is important I'll know about his ball games
and ball parks and crap like that and then of course the media can trick see I'm one of those
people that used to be in denial about the media the media I would say is about 75% of the problem
I'm not talking about violence I'm not talking about sex I'm not talking about that stuff I'm talking
about being irresponsible you're crazy people and I'll keep saying that as long as I got a breath
you people that are controlling the media you're crazy this thing out there calm by high school
leave the kids alone having they had enough tragedy already all these families and all those kids
haven't they been stressed out enough without a bunch of God then grave robbers out there watching every
guy they move they make ask that a bunch of stupid questions just get out of there and leave him
alone what a concept go find some more houses with bees on it oh yeah that was the big story and
that goes to show you what a hick pound this is okay watching all the local news yesterday
channel surfing flipping around to find a real story on there like about the cops up in Orlando I
did see that story do you see that one oh yeah they got it on videotape the plane closed cops
with the hookers taking the money out of their wallet and getting in there to put the they had to
block out a little bit of the screen there getting the service there with a smile and then the other
plane closed cops came in and busted them and then there was a second one in another motel
and where did these vice cops by the way that got busted where did they get to their training
from the vice cops in Fort Lauderdale all right all right which by the way they couldn't find
anybody to talk about that for some strange reason they're all unhiding now or maybe they're
down in the dade county in kindle at that 16 year old house yeah those are the kind of stories
that we ought to be seeing a hell of a lot more about as opposed to how many guy they in bees or
any outside of somebody's house yeah that's a news story in this town high school and channels 4 6 7
and 10 that's heavy duty and how about the dogs that weren't lost yesterday by the way I got
to they weren't lost yesterday in one case dammit 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in a mobile one line
yeah I should be talking about all these things let's get political again on this show yeah let's
get heavy duty in board of public to that no try to spoon feed them stuff that they don't want to
hear okay take joke how do you want to stick up your ass okay pal go eat a loaf with them get out
mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami
yes sir oh isn't that great that I'm patient yes sir I'm sorry I'm okay you just have a crappy
phone I can't help it hey TNT what do you oh Jesus first of all I talking to you in the
long time who cares what time I got a couple of good point no yes an extra one point nobody cares
about that I have no idea why people say that and talk shows long time first that's nobody cares I
mean I don't want to be rude when people say that but you know as well as I do nobody cares but
I couple of stories for you first of all I got my car stolen a Wednesday congratulations for
living in Miami yeah what kind of was it find it in high a Leon on the list what kind of car was
it for pro GT no no no problem nobody lost anyways a couple of years ago and down in Miami
days south yeah and this guy this kid was what dried by was one of those Honda's lower to the floor
with base and it's kind of dressling so everybody says standing around and the hallways waiting
to go from one classroom to the other and guess what is blasting yeah you're sure really
the city oh right there you go public service and no extra charge the security guards were just
having this guy's driving by it was incredible excellent thanks for the good news sir
okay anyways good luck with your crappy car yes I just want to congratulate you in your
cell and please thank you for keeping us alive and if they make any sense in south Florida forget
about it okay and by the way speaking of restaurants whatever happened to doubt in you know
something I've asked that I loved all but it was great place you actually I think they're all
the time it was great there was one down in candle there and it was what I poured lottery
up there on federal highway and it was too good for us have a great day pal too good for us but of
course our good friend Tony over there I Brad at Tony's or Patone at Brad's just send us a
whole bunch of pieces and good stuff thank you my good friend Brad wherever your name is at
previous week out you're the best hundred ninety third in North-Western evident all you're the best
next opponent because he buys a lot of spots and he's a great guy and gets laid a lot
so why don't you do a lot work 104 560 WQM the guy who just called a few minutes ago be very
pleased to know that I'm eating with a fork okay got all our pizza from Brad over there at Tony's
at a hundred ninety third in North-Western evident which is getting better by the minute it's great
really very very good got my sausage and pepperoni and cheese I'm just eating the topping with
the fork and oh no no across so I'm doing the atkins because I know you're concerned from before
my uh... said you're sticking you know it's in it how do you like that and by the way the
restaurant he was talking about is full videos see I hope we keep talking about restaurants like this
this is turning out to be a great financial this week we got New York Prime Center Center
to get yesterday wants me to come up there for a big expensive steak dinner thank you sir
we got the guy from down here in the gables that's ended by his tin pizzas here on Thursday
and now we got the guy who owns full videos that called and said by the way we're not in
Davie anymore more in Hollywood which I think this guy was giving us the right location uh... on
Sheridan uh... Stero 7 somewhere in there by the Chrysler dealer and he invites us to come over
and have dinner anytime we want how do you like that I bet there's gonna be a lot of new Rogers
and George Rodriguez showing up these places in the day yeah all kinds of people look just like us
I wouldn't be surprised if that rich starts masquerade and this me again at all what do you have any
distinguishing features that uh... people can't tell yeah there's a little more on it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's the mobile invoker
hello you're a new um don't you think some of your medical problems are due to
I don't have any medical problems sir how do you like that I don't have any medical problems how
about you okay I've been being diabetic which goes with the territory how about that voice
here is how that phony deep voice sound like somebody got a corn cob deep inside your
back i don't have a sound like an i bet you they do
but you know if you want to sound like a real jackass i guess you have to have a little uh...
company here helping hand five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT
all these experts thanks so much for listening to the award winning highly rated neo-rodger
sure five sixty qm and by the way time jikki you're still an asshole hasn't discovered the
fcc story with that bogus fine that's pending also has discovered the spring rating book that came
because tom too busy being a big shot uh... panning all our shows from hollywood the tv shows
were small potatoes you know we got stories about bees on the outside of houses in town that's big
news here but if the fcc is trying to you know show our freedom of speech that's not a big enough
story for local media right time is that right uh... you jackass wannabe all these people are in
the media wannabe five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's bokeh hello
hello yes sir
you know i want to say uh... move down here a couple years ago the first time caller
and if it wasn't for you in this
time of time ago in fact you know something for me to see a ghost town
let me tell you this is a state of confusion
most of the people that all time was unfortunately
but i think the sun
just went
and just did a job on it brain yeah pride and
very frankly yeah it was only you and fill Henry that was it
are you sure yeah
that's what you know that he even he uh... that most
and he had to be watching a week and i would like to get to
listen to him again over the internet i just don't know how to pick them up
is there any way that any one of your listeners could tell me is that you can
can't buy dot com is that
so far so forty dot com
i five six forty dot com that's the stations website and i'm sure you can hook on
him through their
can i six forty dot com
all right
six
forty
thank you very much i appreciate it i'm really really
listening i don't want anything
just to tell you that you are number one and so i can think okay five six seven
oh five six they come on let's hear from a few goiim here today we're going
to hear from some goiim no one my good friend up there in bocah
sherry sherry that wants those back street boys tickets we can hear from
sherry no
who was sucking around so heavy duty but i guarantee you now is bad
nothing the all over town hates me like poison just because i told the
truth about her but sucking letter
i don't know which was more embarrassing her letter or larry king sucking david
berkel which is but for an hour last night on cnn
we may have to take a pool on that
like who's more obnoxious larry king or rickie martin can't us must macho
what was that new region new redraw without what the hell was that
there's them for uh
websites and
fills them for website my ass what was that
finds a teeth damn it i'd kick my own ass outside
morby was a man who trest is like a woman now he's back on my pv
all right if he didn't do the thing she said he's doing
fighting after cop please
yep my back
yep my back
yep my back in a slip in a song
my back
my back
my back just like he didn't know wrong
my back
my back
my back your career you retrieved
my back
my back
my back sporting a new here we
your back more
yes
one third tip boy that's your ends of bruv don't it does that end uh
bruv 113 at 560 wqm pound 560 on the 18t wireless line at 567
0560 the award-winning headgober show today at two
hence gonna be another hour two on jen and d today he was really just all
torn up about that yesterday here and how bad jen looks
and then we got the gym mad dog man did it at 6 to 9 30 and then of course all
the radio is going the off position the marlin pregame show at Los Angeles
9 30 at night they all go into the off position you know i'm saying uh
huh whether john Henry likes it or not
here's lighthouse point hello nil big fan yes sir how you doing my family's got a
pizza place out in light house point yeah hungry howie's and uh we love
the 20s from once from time what does it call hungry howie's hungry howie's
somebody mentioned that before yeah someone called early i think they have one in the
gables it's all to franchise individually own yeah but uh we got great pizza and we love
to send you something outstanding next week one day will be good sounds good okay i think we're
uh filled up with lunches for about a week and a half now yeah i don't want to get to pick a pizza
but uh that's okay i think we got the best okay pal well uh we'll see you back here see you
Monday thanks thanks okay we're all set for let's see uh tomorrow's the lunch and mom is
reset for thursday friday's still open this guy sent a picture on Monday see that's what we've
got a lot of jealous people out there people say what all that money you make fat slob over there
you shouldn't be getting all these free meals well too bad too bad no no no no no no it's
way it goes when you get to be a big shot okay uh when you have to put up a lot of crap while
your life sooner or later you start getting the free meals and let me also say this to you if i
went into a fine restaurant like Ruth christ just a pick an example if i went into an establishment
like that and i'm in the middle of a great great rib eye steak with a big smile on my face
and all of a sudden some asshole gets up on a table in the middle of the restaurant at start singing
blue suede shoes or whatever the hell they're singing old man river habanagila i'm gonna start like uh
get real upset about it and re-examining whether i ever want to come back or not
not that i'm gonna change the you know i'm not gonna come here on the air and change the way they do
business at uh any place whether it's macaroni grill or any other joint but i'm just expressing what
i think a lot of people feel maybe they're just too how much of a bunch of pushies to express it
but i don't think that when that stuff starts people want to come back even if the food was good
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line here's a lady in miny hello
hi Neil yes ma'am how you doing great Neil i love you to death uh huh
listen now yeah uh you talk about people off the lot uh you keep saying say fat
Neil sent you i went there i said fat Neil sent me uh the only thing that was delicious was their
salad their pizza fuck the hell are you their pizza sucks no it does not the pizza is that
i ordered the guard it's all off is one of our fine sponsors too so if you're gonna want to let
you sit here and back to one of our sponsors on your dreaming sweetheart okay probably Jeff
turned her down is what it was uh which is very rare by the way sorry sweetheart maybe i'll go
to the love take you on all the way down it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the eighteen t wireless line here's a mobile in my amy hello how is it that the women who
call this show and write letters most of them are so god damn stupid how is that you know
she must be from right house one wants to attack the sponsors that they want to call in for free
bees and should i send them back to the boys tickets how come women can't call a radio show just
have a conversation without being stupid i don't know god do we have stupid women in this town or
what you're god you must be from right house point yeah exactly uh say what's your question yes sir
please play James Taylor Carolina Monica on my mind please i love this song i got people out of town
why don't listen to it you mean bills to guards that would have to do whatever okay all right say goodbye
and a big that called before by the way don't mess with Jeff
when he makes it we go Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind but a sick car and her but
you know she don't mind yes well you don't know where a stoke goes i can see how there was some
confusion between humor door and human horse and then i can saw the term cedar box means uh
make it
now please then he was working hard late nights in the overy office working on the practical joke
you visto my commoto order explorate lol
cold
bitter
all right
she lets out again go every
Oh, Monica is not the time you can do in the behind
No, but a cigar and herb a child, and she don't mind
Oh people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband
Feel that Hillary was wrong
Up in the Lincoln bedroom, she was born in
Morning, how God was doing her with Bill Goldbong
Bill's a godsman, a curse of China
She let's start a giggle
Every fricking time he makes a wiggle
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a cigar and herb a child, and she don't mind
Oh candy is candy, yes, a snack, but it's that thing
Oh, yeah, what you gotta do is take a sip of real love
And put him on a bus, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
One 20 at 5.50 WQM, oh this is great pizza
And I scored her a bread, and that bitch that wanted to rip a ponytail in the man
I'll I'll I can think that he turned her down, that's gotta be it
How is it possible to have one area with so many loser women in it?
You know what I'm saying? You follow my drift?
Uh huh
We do great in men, year after year, month after month, book after book
but we can't find a woman in this guy at the audience.
You're looking at ratings and it's almost non-existent.
Humorless, they don't understand the show,
they don't get what we're talking about.
They just have no class, no sense of humor, no nothing.
But they sure can take the time to send me a 75-per-graph letter
and a sucker-round, sucker-round, and then ask for tickets.
560, 7.0560, 0.560, on the ATT.
I'm going to tell you something.
Then lady, if I had 50,000 pair of backstreet boys
tickets in here right now, this is for that Sherry
and Boca Net, wrote me that disgusting letter,
that heavy duty, sir.
I wouldn't give you two.
I wouldn't give you one.
I wouldn't tear off the stub.
I wouldn't give you my stub.
How do you like that, Sherry?
OK?
Freeloading bitch.
Be like us.
Don't free load, OK?
Other than for free meals, of course.
Here's the lady, mobile and dear field beach.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
I sure hope you're not going to be one of those sour-posed women.
Hi, I sure don't plan on it.
OK.
And I don't even like the backstreet boys.
Oh.
OK, I said.
I'm going to have to have to have free meals.
OK.
I know.
I just called because I'm a first-time listener.
Great.
And I just flipped on the radio actually last night
listening to a game.
Oh, that's a good thing, ma'am.
I was listening.
I was really impressed.
And I like your sense of humor.
And I'm surprised that I don't hear more of this on the radio.
Well, because there are a lot of dead heads on the radio.
That's the problem.
I've noticed is that why you're on AM?
I beg your pardon?
Is that why you're AM?
Is that why I'm on AM?
Yeah.
What does that mean?
I don't know, because it's like a little shot.
Is that like a little shot?
I wasn't.
No, usually if I'm going to make a shot,
it's going to be pretty low.
Oh, OK.
Yeah, I work with the aviation mechanics.
You have to have good aim to get mine.
OK.
Well, I was just calling to make a comment.
I want to ask why do you say they're all free-loading bitches.
Is it really that bad?
Do you always get old like that?
Yes.
And I was listening to the lady on the radio,
and you're right about her.
You know, I can't really defend her.
You know, I try.
Calls her to knock one of my fine sponsors.
It's my longest standing sponsor.
It's a great place.
Everybody loves it.
They're terrific people.
And she's got a bet bet bet bet.
I know she's got a problem.
What place was that?
I didn't.
I didn't catch the name.
It was the world famous pizza loft in Davy.
Pizza loft.
Pizza loft in Davy.
OK, I'll remember that.
OK, sweetheart.
Have a great day.
Thanks.
Bye.
Now, how come I'm on a crappy AM station, huh?
Making a crappy amount of cash here?
Why can't I be on FM like the important people
are cash turnover?
And I want to tell you something.
Mark this down, OK?
Like Wayne and I, I would say, mark this down.
If Peter Leonard comes in here one more time ever again,
and starts hawking me about people in radio, Bob Greenis,
and Paulie, that I don't want to know about those people.
Don't you understand?
I've been working overtime for 23 years
to make sure I stay away from most of the people in radio
as much as possible.
I don't want to know from them.
I don't want to be around them.
I don't want to hear from them.
And anybody who would get beyond vacation for a week, by the way,
who's sitting around this town listening to the radio,
I mean, get a frickin' life, OK?
Peter Leonard, a radio yenta.
And by the way, you know, they have this amazing thing
called a bathtub peter.
You'd be astonished if it wonders it could do for you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the air.
If you look up schmutz in the dictionary, his picture is next to it.
Schmutz.
God, what an appetizing way to start the morning everyday.
I want to get on my hands and knees and puke.
When JP was here, I wanted to get on my hands and knees
and the morning, but for a different reason.
Now we got this climb coming in here every morning
to start my morning.
What's going on?
What's going on?
Get out of here.
OK, go back and take some more drugs and get out of here.
If there's anybody who...
Now, is it Ritalin?
Is that what you're told me he's doing?
Ritalin?
And you people are giving your kids a Ritalin.
And let me say it again.
I read in a non-scientologist publication the other way.
A very good one, having it with health.
The same thing about Ritalin and all this bull crap.
Sugar shockers, that's what most of your kids are on.
Sugar shockers and a lot of goddamn drugs,
like those kids out in Colorado.
Prescription drugs that made them manic and psychotic and dangerous.
But I don't confuse the public with the fact,
let's start banning video games.
That'll do it, huh?
That'll solve the problem.
Here's Pemberpine.
Hello?
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Speaking.
Just to tell you, speaking of radio and some of the personalities,
in fact, someone here at home was watching,
I had a TV going, and they had...
I miss in the morning.
Yeah, Deadman.
Yeah, Deadman.
In fact, I had to admit, my mother said,
I almost cracked up on the floor.
Yeah, he's always talking about the farm,
and somebody should tell just by looking at me,
bought the farm a long time ago, man.
Yeah, I'm telling you.
I guess that was all those good drugs that did it.
Also, that...
Program, you were talking about with Larry King Rassai?
Yeah, I did see some of it.
I watched about it.
The most disgrace...
You know something, the only thing more disgraceful about that,
than that show is the fact that nobody else here
besides me today is pissed off about it.
I think it was one of the worst programs.
I mean, who wants to listen to the guy?
I mean, the guy who's a coward?
It's not a question about who wants to listen to it,
but who wants to listen to,
who watches spectacle of a grown man and adult
who's supposed to be an interviewer, a journalist of sorts.
Go on, there ain't kisses at,
and listen to what son of the aunt about God and Jesus
and being forgiven for his sins.
What kind of crap is that?
I'm telling you.
Yeah, like, and he's talking about, oh, he found God.
Yeah.
And God, do you think, like he was asking,
do you think God forgave you?
There's only one thing that you'd find him
and that's the hot seat of an electric chair.
That's the thing that you'd find him.
Oh, definitely, that's what they should have done.
And last but not least, also for that person
that was trying to find Phil Henry on the radio,
he can go to audio.com.
Okay.
Yeah, and he can get a few of the audio nets.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, pal.
All right, see ya.
Sales people are ice-holes.
And now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham,
with a dramatic reading of No Scrubs by TLC.
Dr. Burnham?
A scrub is a guy that thinks he's blind,
also known as a f**kster.
Always talking about what he wants
and just fits him in broke half.
So no, I don't want your number.
No, I don't want to give you mine.
And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere.
No, I don't want none of your time.
And no, I don't want No Scrubs.
A scrub is a guy that can't get no love for me.
Hang it out the passenger side of his best friend's ride,
trying to holla at me.
No scrub, no scrub, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No scrub, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No.
Okay, what pretty one is 560 WQ.
The Hancoberg Free Game Show here today.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Plenty of openings, no waiting here today.
Yeah, she was okay.
She was a little when she said she'd,
first of all, being on AM radio.
Is that why you're on AM radio?
You low life talk show host?
Yeah, that's why I'm on AM radio
because we can handle the handicap here
and still be to crap out everybody else.
How do you like that, sweetheart?
Being on a crappy AM station and nobody can hear.
Out here at the left away on the ass end of the dial.
We're sure beats being on 1900 on the dial,
like Waffen, which is that on the air yet, by the way?
No. We didn't even more about that.
No. Oh, and by the way, I almost forgot about this.
I heard Hanchiash today talking about the rumor,
which how come we never hear these rumors,
that Barry Jack Ash was in the building
with his superior from the Harold,
talking to our superior,
talking to Gregory Benjamin Reed
about how we ought to lay off on him a little bit.
Now, I wonder where he heard that wild story.
Are we laying off on Barry on the Harold?
No. No chance.
We hate the Harold
and we hate that chipmunk with a guy named Fat Cheeks, okay?
Barry Jack Ash who couldn't get a story straight
if somebody put an oozy up his neck.
Correct him.
That's pretty interesting.
I wonder where Hanch got that.
Maybe just made it up.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I was born and about this.
You know, they call it about people off.
Yeah.
See what it is, a thing.
She just want to be heard.
I don't like, I put it away.
I never did like pizza until I went to that place.
Yeah.
It's very good.
It is good.
Trust me.
Believe me.
I do believe you.
Very good.
Read their food all the time.
Yeah.
Let's call and tell you that.
Like the show.
Thanks a lot, pal.
You're funny, guys.
I am.
I like it.
Just look at me.
Okay, have a great day.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
First of all, nobody lets callers call in and attack their sponsors on any radio show,
unless there are more on, okay?
Unless there are an idiot in addition to which he's full of crap anyway.
And if you didn't like it, sweetheart, thank you so much for going out of your way to call
and share that with us.
Thank you so much for your negative hostile comments.
My psychotic.
You know something?
That's probably that Sherry bitch from Boca.
You're not fooling me.
That's who that was.
That's who that was.
The one that loves me and loves me and loves me until I don't give a damn back to you, boys.
Tickets which I don't have in her first place for a damn daughter and her punky niece.
I'm saving this letter, okay?
Sherry.
And I'm also not giving you your last name on here because I don't want to embarrass you too much.
Although I might.
I might change my mind.
The worst letter in the history of the human race, even a poison pen letter, would at least be more fun than
that.
It starts out with the big teas which of course a lot of women are real, real good at that.
You know?
And some guys too, by the way, he ain't here no more.
CT.
But there are a lot of people real, real good at that.
They dangle out in front of your nose.
Oh yeah, you're great.
I love you.
You're taste will be smagged.
The best eight boys, 98 degrees.
Yeah.
I'll say it again.
Okay.
And he is as ugly as a pilot dog do, okay?
Does Nick from 98 degrees?
But there's something about him, you know?
He can sure do it.
He's got like David Gates.
He's got a real sexy voice.
He just looks like crap.
Everything in this world.
Does he have a last name, by the way?
Can we find out from this audience what Nick's last name is from 98 degrees?
I bet there's somebody out there who knows the answer to that.
Since they don't bother putting it on a liner note.
I mean, wouldn't that be us?
The back street boys, at least we know all their full names like Nick Carter and how we duo
and all of that stuff.
How come we don't know the names of the 98 degrees, even at El Bino?
Does anybody want to know his name?
No.
We want to know when he's going away.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil?
I just called you and I like to tell you I am not hostile and know I'm my negative.
All right.
And my concern was if you're going to, and I don't want to put the restaurant down because this gentleman
lives in Miami, like, where I live.
And I didn't know that until I went in.
You're going to speak so highly of the place, at least if I say Neil sent me, they should make sure
they wait on me hand and put which they did.
They should make sure they had a little extra sauce or a little extra cheese.
And I was just, I was satisfied and very happy with everything in the place except the
pizza the way it came to me.
Is this the same moment I called before?
Hold on.
This is the same moment I called before.
Call it back a second time.
Let me say it again.
I'm not interested, sweetheart.
Not interested.
And nobody knows they don't put a little extra sauce and a little extra cheese on when you say
that Neil sent me, okay?
But you wanted to call a second time to give it, you know what you wanted to give us?
You want to give us a little extra crap?
Yeah.
Calls a second time.
Do I have to, do I have to test my case anymore on this?
I don't think so.
I rest my case, okay?
The state closes its goddamn case.
We rest on our fat laurels.
Calls a second time.
Maybe they didn't like you, okay?
Sweetheart, maybe they didn't like the ugly look on your purse.
Maybe they didn't like your crappy attitude.
They should put extra sauce and cheese on it when you say that Neil sent me.
Since when?
You're a crazy person, lady.
Crazy.
You understand?
C-R-A-S-I-E.
Crazy.
And have a nice day.
Let's share.
And he don't, I don't think he lives in Miami Lakes anyway.
Does he live in Miami Lakes?
Just?
Poetitown?
He don't live in Miami Lakes.
What are you talking about?
You crazy bitch?
Lashay.
Her name is Lashay.
Oh, Nick Slice name.
What is it?
Nick Slice name.
Lashay.
L-A-C-H-E-Y.
Someone called to say.
What kind of name is that?
Sounds frog to me.
You know, he's a frog?
No, I don't know.
I don't know.
But he sure can sing, I'll tell him.
Call the dial, there's a need.
Man.
It's almost enough to make you overlook that sick, punky, or the nose he's got.
And those are Zip.
From the chin down, I'll tell him.
Oh, my class, and I'll be...
Like, who's more beautiful from the chin down?
Nick, the shay, or a christian regular?
I'll tell you, even as ugly as he is, he's life-pretty-ridden she is.
Oh, she is, ganky, man.
If you were to see that people were running.
People were fleeing.
They were running to the exit, screaming when I saw that bitch.
Here's a mobile in candle.
Hello?
Uncle Nick.
Yes, sir.
And that is what psycho bitch.
Wasn't that great?
Calls back a second time.
Hey, Nick Slash, lady.
You want extra cheese or extra sauce?
You've got an order that way.
Here's something extra for you, honey.
No, I do charge.
Here's the deal.
You need to order that way.
There's all the keys you want, sweetheart.
Here's some more keys.
She's confusing that show with the glory hole show.
You say the ill-send you.
That's where you get the extra sauce from the extra cheese.
That's right.
Hey, I want...
I didn't switch gears.
I didn't want to switch gears to that...
to back the pizza, but you were talking about Godfather's yesterday.
If you want to reminisce a little bit,
you know where that first Godfather started?
Do you?
Do I want to know where it started?
No, do you know?
No.
Yeah.
The original...
Oh, my goodness.
The whole of Mexico.
Is there a little history there, don't you?
Yeah.
I was there five times in here in five years, yeah.
With the garbant and the...
In the hercones?
Right.
Did you ever get to the runs of high?
Did I ever get to the runs?
Yeah, I had to run once in the...
No, no, no.
Another Midwest chain.
In fact, it's only in Nebraska.
Never heard of it.
Runs it.
All I know is they had great steak houses there in Omaha.
Yeah.
Cattlemen, Anthony's...
Yeah, I just wanted to remember...
I wish I could remember the names.
Every one of them was better than the other one.
They're all great.
Yeah, Anthony's was one and Cattlemen's is another one.
And it was especially good because Ron Fraser was buying all the meals, so it was really good.
And if you sip meals then, you get a little extra grizzle.
No, a little extra...
Oh, people don't...
Have a good day.
See ya.
Yeah, just mention my name.
And anywhere you go, you go to the barber shop.
Extra cheese, if you mention my name.
Like you said, you go to the glory hall.
You'll find extra cheese.
Especially that one in the Westland.
God.
A certifiable, crazy person.
That's what you are, lady.
A crazy person.
And by the way, Jeff don't want your business, okay?
Stay away from the loft.
He's not going to give you no extra sauce, no extra papi runi, and certainly no extra...
God.
What do you say about a crazy person like that?
That fucking bitch.
Baby, you melt my jockey shorts.
Oh, oh, oh, oh...
I need a beer.
See the water, feel.
Tell me that you're real.
Don't tell me you're slow.
To wonder why.
Please.
Tell me where it's okay.
Your food's a big influence.
Tell me that natural.
It's not to steal the job.
I'm not going to eat this.
I'm not going to eat this.
I'm not going to eat this.
I'm not going to eat this.
I'm not going to eat this.
I'm not going to eat this.
I'm not going to eat this.
I'm afraid I'll do a big part with you to find a bathroom in you.
Alright.
But since you'll get a boom assumption.
You'll be my food method, purpose.
I'm assuming that's about Brittany. I think it might be about no. Does anybody care if they're real? No five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th line
I wasn't paying too much attention. I was busy thinking about my pizza law flaky.
You know, it just goes to show it just like that episode was broad last Thursday no matter how long I do this show no matter how many years how many months how many
ways how many days how many hours there's always something new and grotesque and unacceptable always when you think you've seen it all you've heard it all
first it started out yesterday with his letter from this bitch up there in Voka and I would get this bitch who calls not only once but twice and you think I'm tough on a woman in this town
I'm just telling you the way it is I only wish and not only that but I always go out of my way to be nicer to the women than the men
I have no idea why because they act like oh well I'm a woman you have to treat me go easy okay fine and then they come up with crap like this
We didn't want to hear it the first time bitch did we want to hear it the second time
No file a complaint god damn it a goddamn federal cheese commission but you didn't give me enough cheese
We'll take up a cheese collection how's that I'll get myself a goddamn bottle at the house and every time I cut some cheese I'll save it for you sweet art
Here's a mobile in Miami hello
Yeah, you try it right pizza I beg your name
Oh, I don't go in your hire leo sir no no thank you
5 6 7 0 5 60 we're not looking for any more pizza joints by the way the discussion out of pizza's closed okay, we got a roll of cheese
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
I just love these people are you trying to place up there in a sweet water it's great no thanks
Here's Hollywood hello. Hey, Dale. Yes, sir. These are all rules my friend. Yeah, that's what Jeff says. Yeah, well, I'll tell you I went down there many times
I got family comes all the way down from Boker just to go to that place
Pizza is superb, but the problem is a disillating listen Davie which I do she used to Davie people which is made with cow pies
Uh-huh, so once you acquire a taste for it, you know the real stuff is no good
I want to ask you questions though talking about pizza you remember years ago because we came down here about the same time
There was a pizza Italian kind of place. They had a
A boat
Huh, they had their logo was a boat what do you call those things from Venice?
Candola a godly with a singer in it. Yeah, they were down on federal highway
On federal highway. Yeah, they were on federal highway. Just pass the bridge of the tunnel
No, you know remember I remember a place that we right by the my car many years ago called GG's that was a great Italian restaurant
No, no, this was one of the best that was one of the best joints we ever had in this town GG's and they're long gone years
Like high unfortunately is still there, but GG's is long gone. Well, this one pizza place everybody in Fort Loderdale used to go down there
And pizza and then they opened up a small chain and they they kind of I say out of Fort Loderdale as much as humanly possible
I don't go anywhere near there. Yeah, I know what you mean by the way
Jeff when I went in there. I didn't get no extra cheese. I got a grin his fingernails turned black
Yeah, okay, well have a great day
Yeah, this bitch, you know something I'm gonna tell you we're gonna give we got her full number to address
We're gonna have Jeff come over personal and give her some cheese right on her push
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Any what's going on? How you doing? Good show all right, and you know tell that dumb bitch if she wants some cheese
I have some in my pants that I need to release
All right, take it easy Neil. Thank you, sir. We're taking out for collection everybody donate their cheese
Louise, okay
Whatever your name was Louise sounds good to me. She's sounded uptight like you know Louise just sounds like an uptight name to me
Jeez Louise
Franco's was the both place
And I I remember what he's talking about Franko's
Yeah, we were like kind of the different co family by any chance you think no
Oh talk about a bad group the different co family. Oh god. Thank god. They went away fast. You know what I'm saying?
Made a little as painless as possible. Went away real fast
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean we're talking about important stuff like 98 degrees and
These people are talking about
Louise cut the cheese you know
wrong
Like it
Yeah
I take back everything I said about them 98 degrees they are going to be so big. I mean gigantic
Sensation line of care what you say
I wasn't gonna say anything about them. Oh, you guys pizzas some people are calling to say
I just wanted to say not just didn't I just get through saying first of all there's up that was in that three guys
Pizza doesn't exist anymore. It was a two guys. There was a place there in Laudahill
Which of course everybody has a gun out of business there since all the sparsers moved in everybody went out of business
Was there was it two guys?
Some guy three guys some guys some guy yeah, they had real good full coach
Soon as they said full coach they shut the doors because we knew they were make believe they were guitos not a tie-ins
Yeah, it was a place there on 441. It was legendary gigantic eight through all the time not far from plantation general hospital
Long gone right
We don't we don't want to talk anymore pizza. Okay. We I got I just had 82 slices without the crust by the way for that guy
That's all worried about my health
About the atkins and the scatkins. I didn't eat any crust not even a tiny little bit. I saved the crust for Louise
in my pants
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound talk about one dimensional man this audience just unbelievable
We don't want to talk about no goddamn pizza. Okay, let's talk about something important like a
19 great
88.6
For the spice girl
In a monor here set it back where they came from. Send them to see the queen Ricky Martin
