Sport Radio 560, W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
The air-top to Neil called 56050560 toll-free, per-dainted garage.
No.
More pound 560 on your cell phone.
No.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show, do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM, easily read that position or the music broadcast.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 5602A has...
Don't need my queen.
God.
All right.
We're back, J.Foreign.
All we made is good patience.
We're in sync because I'm confused.
God knows who.
Do you know what bad I did?
Baby, it's boy to me.
The sound of the ride.
If he could sound the same, there would be for me, then he'd say,
it's a joke.
And boy, it's only you.
She'll be back in time.
It's sound just like a...
I can do this, can't do this.
Baby, that's what God is.
All I'm asking is to say this way.
You're back, my baby.
I can do this.
I don't know what you think.
But I know this song says, nobody knows.
We are back to true love.
Over as it came to yourself, I will never...
No.
Just with just you.
Hey, I'm so close to you.
Oh, oh, it's me.
We are back to true love.
Hey, it's 10.03 at 5.60 WQAM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
While we had our meeting yesterday, we held our meeting.
It was a great time.
By the way, I don't want to dwell on this anymore.
I don't want to give him any more publicity.
Although a lot of people, the rumors are going around.
It was OJ who called to show yesterday and said,
I thought it was just another hostel sparse.
I just moved right along.
I had 400 spy reports saying, oh, that was OJ to call.
Give me that crap.
I sound real tough on the radio.
And you know something I'm glad I cut him off it was.
I'm real glad.
So the first thing we discovered this morning when we come in here,
someone I can't imagine who it was, has left us an autographed sheet of paper here.
An autographed thing from Friday's Golf Tournament.
It says WQAM Celebrity Golf Tournament presented by Nicolob.
How do you like that?
I wonder if Nicolob knew that he was going to be there.
September 24th, Laugomar Country Club.
And it's got two autographs on it.
And it says, to Neil, OJ Simpson, number 32.
And then it's got Lawrence Taylor, LTE, signs it on the bottom.
Do you think this is worth something?
Oh, I want to say this.
First of all, the announcement from Greg Read yesterday at our meeting was
in regard to OJ, your persona non-grata.
Those are the exact words.
This station wants nothing to do with you.
We don't want to see you.
We don't want to hear from you.
I don't want to talk to you.
We don't want nothing to do it.
And by the way, as far as this, you suck holes out there.
I mean, some of the worst calls I've ever heard in my life.
And that's covered a lot of territory where these idiots calling yesterday.
What's wrong with you, you know, to grab from OJ?
And then the guy that was giving me a song and a dance about trying to rationalize it
because he's a collector.
Remember what Andy Garcia said to Sophia Coppola and Godfather 3?
Love somebody else.
Well, get somebody else's goddamn autograph.
Okay, collect something else.
What a bunch of mercenary goddamn clowns.
Oh, I'm a collector trying to excuse the fact that your star struck.
If it would have been Ted Bundy, he would have said, oh, I'm a collector.
You know, he's dead.
His autograph would be worth a lot.
So anyway, here's this thing with OJ and LTE.
Oh, geez, you're not tearing it up, are you?
God damn it, somebody in this audience wanted it.
It's worth a lot of something.
It's worth a lot of crap.
Straight in the glass here.
See, I know it comes in as a great shock to some of you idiots out there.
Some of the sports nerds, there are those of us like real people who are not impressed.
We're not impressed.
Jocks present day, past day, we don't care.
I mean, some of them are nice people.
I like some of them.
I admire their athletic ability.
I enjoy watching the games.
Like I watched the Leafs beat Chicago at overtime and the next version of the game last night.
4-3.
Nice going, baby.
There you go, Daniel Markov gets the winning goal with 15 seconds left.
I watched that, had a great time.
Thanks, remember, by the way, for telling me it was on.
That's your good friend, my best friend.
Becky, you're coming over right to the show today to take a shower with me.
In fact, if you would just take a shower with the remember, maybe you'd get to be better friends with him.
Who brings a soap on a rope?
You know who brings it?
Roy!
That's what I hear.
So, at any rate, we don't want nothing to do with you.
Oh, yeah, you understand.
We're collectors.
Yeah.
Just rationalizing your pathetic lack of values.
You have no values.
You have no, no nothing.
No conscience.
That's why America is turning into a toilet.
That's why we got all this crap going on.
That's why all these kids have got no respect for human life and for each other.
And for you or for anybody else.
Because there's no values.
It's got nothing to do with morality.
It's got to do with just general common sense, decency.
Oh, but he only killed two people that we know of right.
We don't want to talk to you, okay?
Murderer, we don't want to talk to you.
We don't want nothing to do with you.
I have a pair, by the way, to Greg Readwood.
She knows how I feel about giving stuff away on the air.
It's like death now, but I'll do it real fast.
Because opening night this Saturday at the Macarena for the Panthers of Washington Capitol game
is not sold out.
How do you like that?
Not a sellout yet.
And as much as the stain as I have for some of the people in the organization
and many of the things that they've done the last two or three years,
the fact is that, you know, if we want to support our Panthers,
we've got to fill out God damn place up.
At least opening night will be pretty embarrassing.
Don't you think?
I'll be pretty embarrassing.
So here's a pair of tickets.
These are the sp...
Now here's something that's worth something.
Because they don't care these when you go in like the ordinary tickets
where they tear the stub off.
These they just take a look at them and they hand them back very lightly.
I think they stamp them or something on the back.
But these are a row one seats, a nine and ten.
These are 105 bucks a piece and they're the special opening night tickets
with a big panther, you know, like three times the size of your usual ticket.
And I'll give them way to somebody out there if there's any interest.
I don't want to spend a lot of time on this because the last God damn thing I want to do
is spend a lot of time giving crap away again.
Because since last November, we've stopped giving crap away
and we are kicking...
Like...
Like...
How do you like that?
In spite of people, you're being such a genius over there at the other station.
Yeah!
At the other company.
And by the way, I don't know what I'm not going to do it again.
See, Tom Jicca got me whipped up a little bit, you know how you get caught up
and all this stuff and the fuel stuff and everything.
And so the last Monday and again this morning,
I listen to Wowve for Rick and Sudden, I like Sudden.
Sudden is a great guy.
We all love him.
Anybody that knows him is a terrific guy.
And he's the only one that occasionally injects a little bit of dry humor
and does something into that proceeding.
But boy, that's a God awful show, you know.
I mean, it's just a horrendous, it just goes nowhere.
It just lays there.
And of course in the morning, you know, when you're trying to get up
and look, a little alert for the last thing you want is like,
you know, death.
Well, Adam's not there anymore.
We can rip Rick and ass, you know.
We always...
Oh, we like to add him.
Why did Adam leave?
Did we ever find out the reason?
Because I heard somebody call about that this morning on his show
and they were kind of invasive.
Yeah, he's gone.
Okay, next the topic, he had had enough.
Really?
Because actually he always hated Rick anyway.
Now we can say that.
Now that he's gone, we always try to cover that up before.
And it's idle, dislike Rick.
Huh?
You hate him.
I don't hate him.
Oh, you do so.
Why don't you stop?
Why don't you stop?
But we've had our ups and downs.
We ended on a pretty positive note.
Yeah, I like Rick.
He's a good guy.
No, he's not.
Well, he's in a nigma.
But I don't dislike him.
But it's just that, you know, in the afternoon, they're fine.
You know what I'm saying?
I realized they couldn't match up.
Now you weren't here yesterday all of you.
You heard some of the show.
You weren't here yesterday for the major announcement
about the afternoon number on Stupid Talk at 50,000.
I heard it.
I realized I mentioned it several times yesterday.
But it's just, I mean, it's just so staggering to me.
You could put a mule farting on here for three hours
and get better than a 0.9.
Shut up, bitch.
I wonder if everybody here was a 0.9.
How can you do less than a 1?
This is the third person they put on the air
since they transferred from Paxons
since a queer channel bought this bunch of stations.
The third people, people that they've had on the air
do less than a 1 share.
They've Mr. Ego in the morning doing like 0.56.
The John Ford in the morning was on his way to a 0.1.
He was on a way to a 0.
And she's doing a 0.9 in the afternoon.
And that was following Lardas Limbaugh.
What's he going to do following three hours of gym roam?
She's going to be in a minus column.
That's going sweetheart.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I'm getting thirsty.
You're just dying to know where the George did blow cocaine.
Uh-huh.
Guess there's no evidence.
No washing.
He compared cocaine.
He just smiles all the while and deny cocaine.
Killing up from there to a 4.
Resident cocaine.
Now he's washing your clothes but don't ask him about cocaine.
He'll just lie and be smiling tonight cocaine.
You're telling your job to fast except for what he had cocaine.
And we're all pretty sharp.
His fur is well big, blood cocaine.
You've heard what a sham and a scam did a grail.
Oh cocaine.
Yeah you saw pretty tough for me.
10.16 at 5.60 W.A.M.
If I would have known it was him he could have been on the least another 2-3 seconds.
Just enough time to say hey how is the murderer doing?
Click.
So at any rate we'll make this quick and painless.
Won't we?
Or should we drag it out?
W.A.M. George is filing his nails.
Yes, fine. Who's this?
This is Neil.
I'm Neil. This is Mike.
How are you doing Mike?
I love you Ben.
Hey can you give away those Florida pants and tickets?
Who's that?
I probably got the wrong one.
But I guess the Joe before you?
The one?
The Joe show is before you?
Yeah.
I guess this is I work for commercial cleanup.
I'm sure Marvin called you a lot.
I don't know if you hang up on him a lot.
Oh yeah he's an asshole at Martin.
But Joe Rose was given away Panther tickets?
Yeah.
Like 100 in front of him.
I was just wondering if they gave him away.
I didn't know.
Oh those guys are gone already.
Oh aren't they really?
Yeah.
Oh man.
That bag is on now.
I don't say anything about anybody.
You know what they are.
They are.
Like Marvin.
He's an asshole.
We don't say that either.
Oh Marvin's face to your face until he turns around.
That's hard.
He's a backstab in piece of crap.
You got that right.
Okay listen, have a great day pal.
Sorry about that.
Okay.
So anybody want these tickets?
Well we got it.
We got to have fun with him for crying out loud after the trauma we've been here last couple of days.
George was out sick yesterday.
Of course he was working on it.
He worked himself into a fit of being sick because he had a premonition.
He knew there was going to be some heavy crap going on.
And if he would have been witnessed to the Bob Eisenberg thing yesterday.
In the elevator which I told the story after you stopped listening at the end of the show.
Oh my god.
What's wrong with those myths?
And they lost again Bob Eisenberg.
Oh look at that.
He's doing a duck on his now.
Look at that.
Come on Bob.
But it's only a ball game when you grow up.
Put your up a little bit Eisenberg.
You silly person you.
And by the way that wig.
By the way you know something I hadn't seen him at a long time he has got new hair.
Right?
He did not do the smart thing.
He go to Chuck Alphieri which would have been begging him to do.
He might look like a human being.
But he's got something a different animal diet on his head now.
He gets it updated.
I think this was like a muskrat this time.
Instead of like a mouse.
Like a somewhat larger rodent.
So anyway these are like right in the front row.
Look at the 133.
See it's 9 and 10.
Hmm.
Can't wait to get these away.
But I will.
So anyway speaking of hockey.
And how come I don't get my hero this morning.
You know there's something going on.
Not that I'm not that I'm paranoid.
You know me.
Never been paranoid because I work in a radio business.
Yeah.
But for some reason I don't get my hero.
I get my son's sent.
Which of course is more important.
But no hero.
Then I come here and there's all kinds of heroes sitting around.
So I pick one up.
And here and the why who else in this town needs section H.H.
Stands for a homo hockey.
NHL preview 99.
And here's a whole special section in the hero this morning.
Nice going guys.
It's about time he did something right.
Although David Jane Neal, that's parts of that where the Hussage Shaco.
I'm real unhappy about him picking the leases of the 7 seed in the God name Eastern Conference.
What what are you looking at David?
You wouldn't know what God damn may believe if it fell off a tree and got lodged in the middle of your God damn.
Breddo.
Yeah.
And then of course on the back page of this.
Brea defense palagants mob allegations.
They're starting this crap again about his buddy who the FBI identifies as a Russian mobster.
We don't care if he has 50 buddies who are Russian mobsters.
We like Russian mobsters as a matter of fact.
We like Jewish mobsters.
We like Italian mobsters.
And we especially like Russian mobsters as long as Pavel needs stays helping.
And now that not at Peter Royal, the big black hope.
Now that he's injured and going to be out five or six weeks.
Who's going to protect Pavel?
And I pick up the paper this morning in the Sun Sentinel.
Where else must this five weeks?
Who will protect Baray now?
I don't want to get too hockey intensive.
I just got a pair of tickets to give away here.
We can't afford to do that.
But.
Barry Jackass.
You know, Barry, how is it possibly so consistent?
Panthers add legendary boys.
McDonald's 60 on radio team.
Bought Jigs McDonald.
Who like I told you is a great guy.
And I heard Jigs do that first exhibition game that was on a year with Atlanta.
I did a good job.
Sounded great.
I played a couple of highlights.
And then I heard him do that game here with Tampa Bay.
And it was like.
So I would they verdict his out.
But of course regardless of whether he really recaptures the excellence of his youth,
regardless of what happens, he's still 900 miles ahead of Christine Amor.
Who also Barry Jackass loved.
This is just a puff piece here.
Because that's what Barry does best is suck ass.
He gets that chubby red face right in between your cheeks.
And just looks away.
But you know, if you're going to write an article, I mean just once Barry gets some things right in there, get it right.
Can you get it right?
No.
No, you can't do it.
That's so.
McDonald hasn't worked regularly for a team since his second and final year as TV voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1996-97.
He was not retained by Toronto because the team's long time announcer Joe Bowen moved from radio to television.
Wrong.
Yes, Joe Bowen moved from radio to television.
But that's only because the fans demanded it because there was an outcry.
And because the media in Toronto sliced jigs up every day, every game, mercilessly for two years and is early so, okay?
I mean, he can come here and be a big improvement over what we had on the radio before.
But when you're up there in Toronto competing with Joe Bowen and Bob Cole and Bill and Foster Hewitt,
and all the announcers they've had up there, guess what, jigs, uh, you're out.
But of course, Barry doesn't want to tell that because that wouldn't be ass-looking, which is what this town does best.
Licky, licky, licky, man. That's all he loves to do here. Just kiss everybody's ass.
Like a goddamn durable. Just get your head. Just get your whole body in there, Barry. Come on.
We'll get a goddamn excruator to get you out. Just keep a couple of toes out.
McDonald, who will team up with returning analist Randy Moore, figures to pay closer attention to puck movement than Moore did.
Moore would allow long stretches to pass without identifying puck location.
What you're trying to say, Barry, but you don't have the balls to do it because that was another asshole buddy of yours with Christina Moore.
Is that Chris Moore didn't describe the game? Is that what you're really trying to say, puttwhacker?
Uh-huh. Yeah, but you don't want to say it.
And by the way, what's happening with your guy, damn fan that you're so excited about?
I noticed there's nothing to hear about that. Oh, Chris, this is a hockey section, and I don't have the record of sports section.
But I guess he did have some little blurb in there about how Mercury Morris,
about how he bailed out over there. He's gone.
And the other day, they canned somebody else because allegedly he was rude to a caller, which I'm sure Barry didn't approve of.
Yeah, they can somebody allegedly because he was rude to a caller. Everybody else in the market says the guy walked out because the place is a joke,
which like I said yesterday didn't show up in the ratings at all, Barry.
And what's going to happen when Jim Ramazon there from noon to three, those sports nerds, those 10 or 20 sports nerds that are tuned over there at 1700 now,
they're all going to be going up to a stupid talk here, contrived sports controversy.
I wouldn't be surprised if they don't make it till the end of the year.
Waffen, I wouldn't surprise me at all. And wouldn't be all we be all laughing.
If Waffen don't make it till the end of the year, we'll be laughing at you, Barry.
But nice to see that you're still storing the, storing the stuff in your cheeks for the wintertime, like a chipmunk.
Can you see the new picture of him? Like this. Looks like he's got a mouth full of something.
What's in there, Barry? What's in that big ugly pussy, Uris? We can only imagine.
I can relate to it. So what I do with those tickets that I lose those damn tickets, see what I should have them was give away that autograph thing.
It was just a sheet of paper. It was like a copy of the program for the golf tournament.
I guarantee if I would have given that away, the phone would have gone, oh yeah, I'm a collector. I've got to have OK's autograph.
Guess what? You lose two.
Here's a mobile in Hialeah. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How did you, well, inter is neat.
He tweeted in the Tampa game in the Tampa game. OK, I was just wondering if he fell down the stairs or something because he can't skate.
Yeah. And also I was listening in Saturday to who is that guy? And I'll say a little bit more about him, Bo Kampur.
Yeah. And he's talking about how much money for making. He mentioned that you and some other guy, the other guy who was made over a million a year.
I don't know if you were listening or not. You don't say how much you make on the radio. Yeah. So that's all I had to say.
OK, thanks. Thanks. What is it your business? How much I'm making Kimball? It was probably meant in a very complimentary way since he and I are very, very tight buddies.
In fact, we showered together at every opportunity. I wouldn't be surprised if I would sit down and think about it that he may be my next friend, my next best friend a little bit. Oh, and by the way, speaking of rumor.
So also, Jason here says Jeff rumor and Denise Pothman return on sports channel 76 game package. I'm not applying or looking for Jeff's job. McDonald said when asked about his interest in doing television again, Jeff is a friend of mine.
And we even showered together a lot on those occasions when Jeff is showing with the erogers. How do you like that? What a what a troublemaker you are, Barry. What a piece of crap troublemaker.
Who you know, well, you want to do TV? You think you can get that room around there because he's friends with the erogers. You know, that's what very Jack is is coming from. Isn't it pathetic that that's the essence of your life, Barry?
Is now just to try to respond to your paranoia and psychotic hatred of me and Hank because that's all you're all about now.
Even the people at the hero tell us that. That you keep, you know, breaking out and doing these duffs all the time over there at your desk. Oh, yeah, every time they look over to death, there's Barry with his head buried.
You can't cry like a little child doing a duck.
Well, Barry, get off your dog. Yeah, cut the crap.
What a place this is, baby. What a place. I saw my close personal friend, my best friend Peter landed this morning.
Came in here about that note yesterday in the port and that pornographic picture of his little kids, by the way.
Time your kids to put some clothes on. Okay, I'm not a pedophile. I'm sorry. And you know, he's got little boy and little girl just in case he wasn't sure.
One for me and one for you, I guess.
We're no pedophiles in here. I'm sorry, Peter. Now we like him. He's okay. He's just misunderstood.
He's just a crazy person who's misunderstood. You know, like Ted Bundy.
Why don't I keep talking about Ted Bundy this week for some reason? He just keeps going to my mind.
26 after 10 at 5, 60 W Q a M, whatever this is. Yeah, we had a good productive meeting yesterday.
We're getting an 800 line for you people on a West Coast. Everybody else who's listening.
That's going to happen. It should be very soon. We're also getting rid of this guy, damn phone, and getting a new instrument in here.
We're going to get some things done around here. Finally. Finally. I got a dental floss.
No.
You can be where he's gone.
Look, and I suddenly heard Teddy watch me this song all day. That's why the last word is gone.
Oh, she's gone in here. See my old friend, Larry. His wet face now is like a dead man.
No. I believe that she's seen him never yet. His eyes. That's how he does know how to drive.
No one remembers through any of these guy's minds. After years of providing engagement, so we want to.
Don't you know we're near.
The island you may have.
He is free to explode in a pan.
That's so necessary.
And it is very good.
Watch the line.
Watch the ministry.
Let's hear the book of fire.
I met you with that whole great bit
and didn't mention Dorothy Killjallon once.
How are you doing?
How are you doing, Boka?
Anyway, you know Michelle Gillen, if there's anybody,
I see I'm not a violent person.
I have a horror violence.
It's a grotesque barbaric country.
But every now and then these things come into your mind.
You don't only have to suppress them.
These instincts, these impulses.
They would just like to beat the crap out of somebody.
Michelle Gillen happens to be the one person in this town
that all every time I hear her voice or see her pathetic,
slimy push.
That comes to mind.
She just makes me nauseous.
Because she's such a self-serving bitch.
Such a pseudo-intellectual, such a goody-two shoes,
such a prissy piece of crap.
And they had a great story on Channel 4.
I guess it's part of an ongoing thing that they do when you know.
And about the kids in highly, what most of that?
I was on vacation.
Wasn't that what happened, I believe?
And they went out for lunch during the lunch hour.
And you know, they're in a big rush like all the kids are.
And they got into a wreck and a couple of kids got killed.
Right? Am I right?
Two or three?
And so right away on the heels of that, the mother of the one girl
and a bunch of other people have decided the answer to that is,
don't let the kids off the grounds during lunch hour.
See, the sad part of that deal is that kids can go out
because kids like to hot rod anyway.
And they can get into a wreck at any time.
After school, before school, kids who drive are like 100 times as dangerous
as anybody else, generally speaking, except for old people who drive.
And old Cubans who drive.
And old Cuban women who drive.
And young Cuban women who drive.
And Schwarzenegger who drive.
And Haitians and Jamaicans who drive.
And old Jews who drive.
But other than that, teenagers are pretty dangerous.
So anyway, she's doing this thing this morning,
which is a growth 10.
I mean, it's a big story, well worth doing.
I applaud Channel 4 for doing it.
I condemn them with all of my heart for putting her voice
and her involvement in the story.
Because she's so syrupy and so goody too, shoes.
And oh, well, she's going to look into it some more.
And she's going to do this.
I mean, just get her off of there, OK?
The essence of the story is that the kids in Dave County
and the public schools in high schools anyway,
have got 40 minutes for lunch.
And the reason that so many of them get in the cars,
and they drive somewhere, usually of course,
the fast food joints, because we're also going to eat in 40 minutes,
is because they're running out of food.
They just have to stand on the long lines.
And by the time they get to the guy, damn,
there's no more food left.
Anybody ever hear such a thing?
No.
No.
In my life, I never heard of such a thing.
And then when they finally do get to the food,
it's like crap.
And they showed a bunch of slob pizza, OK?
That ponytail would have been embarrassed by,
and then got some, I don't know,
but an aboat woman, and she's there with a plastic glove on one hand.
Like a saran wrap, you know,
there's real paper thin saran wrap glove.
And the other hand, she's got nothing.
And you know, she's picking her nose
and sticking her finger with her rectum,
whatever else she's doing.
And then she's throwing them up slices of pizza
and handling the money.
And there's all these schmutz all over the place.
And she's handling all the food.
So even if there were enough food to go around,
the kids that they got a brain,
they want to get their all out of there
when it comes to go to lunchtime.
You see what I mean about how much you people care about kids?
This is a disgrace.
And Mayor Penga, here again,
this is in your county, sweetheart.
This is in Miami-Dade County,
where the kids in high school can't get a goddamn lunch,
so they have to take their lives in their hand
and go out in their hot rods.
And Jamen, seven of them need to a car to try to go out to McDonald's
or Burger King or Wendy's or Taco Bell
or a polyotropic ale or some other goddamn place
and get them frickin' lunch.
And this is what's going on.
I realized that the county mayor
that he has been charged with a school system,
but nevertheless,
this is all the part of the quality of life that goes on.
And the meantime, you want money for goddamn, you know,
for to build more metro rail,
which everybody said,
No.
To thank God.
Some frickin' nerve you've got.
And then we got these assholes talking
with John Henry about,
Oh, we'll find some money somewhere.
I'm going to tell you again for the eight million time
and you better write this down,
okay, write on Wayne's ball spot.
Any person in date or broward
who comes up with some devious money to take,
some devious plan to take any kind of tax money
and give it to this crazy millionaire,
this lunatic,
this piece of walking dreck with his ball club.
I must be crazy, I must be nuts.
Him,
that person is going to be in the serious tourist
with everybody.
They better not have any future political plans.
I'll tell you that.
And some of us will make sure of that.
Because this is a disgrace.
An area where the goddamn quality of the school
sucks to begin with,
and kids go to school in portables,
30, 40 kids to a classroom,
and we got kids waiting online for a half an hour
to get lunch,
and then by the time they get there,
all the food is gone.
Maybe there might be a couple of slices of papi
who will neither let form something like that.
And you hope by that time you can imagine,
you can imagine if you were in the end of the line,
how many times the broad are channeling the food
had her hand in her recto?
And somebody else's about the time you get up there?
God only knows what kind of crap she's got all over her hand,
and she's handling the food.
That was gross, that's the right.
We just, just enough to make you cry,
to make you do a duff.
I'm Tonya.
I sat there and I like,
it was either the story or Michelle Gillan's voice,
one of the other, maybe you want to cry.
Maybe you want to start squirting them all over the goddamn place.
Okay, squirt, squirt, yeah.
But I restrain myself because being a real man,
I don't like, you know, cry that much,
except when I come in here.
I can understand, believe me,
if there's any place that could make you cry,
this is the place.
Believe me when I said,
oh, Greg, it's a lawsuit, it's a lawsuit.
I'm Tonya.
These people here are just astonishing.
They're shocking.
Amazing.
Seriously, Peter Leonard,
I thought was going to start squirting the food
in here this morning.
He was misty-eyed,
and I was mystified.
And then he starts telling Ron Goldman jokes about,
here's a nice Jewish boy,
it's so hard to find a Jewish waiter,
and he could, he could schlep a veal Parmesan.
I mean, the stuff that comes out of his mouth is like,
nobody in the history of the human race could duplicate it.
I'll guarantee you that.
He's one of a kind.
Thank God.
Peter Leonard, in our sales department.
Thank you very much, by the way, queer channel.
Now, he's okay.
He means well.
See, that's the bad part of him.
Some people are assholes,
and they don't mean well.
I don't want to mention no names and sales.
I don't want to mention any of those specifically.
Like Bob Eisenberg, that asshole.
What are we going to do about the myths?
You know something, Bob Eisenberg?
I put the curse on him.
I shouldn't be sure they got four games left.
They'll lose them all now.
Because you opened up your mouth with that idiotic comment
he elevated yesterday,
when I'm worrying about the future of my life,
and the most important thing you can worry about,
is see what's wrong with my myths.
You're a silly person, Eisenberg.
You're a simple, then you're a silly person, God damn it.
He's an asshole.
We better give these tickets away,
but we got to do a break.
Stop your duff.
We're all young and we're singing.
In this brand new gap,
This song's from 6th-E.
Yes, it feels to my dad.
Oh!
Yes, he wanted to go in these clothes.
You've got to have to lose weight.
A fuss load.
Get off your stuff.
You probably think we're kidding.
But we're not.
There's just nothing over.
If you're familiar with the original version of this song,
you're too old to shop the foot gap.
1044-560-WQAM.
So we're going to give away these Panther tickets in just a second.
But before we do that,
so speaking of the NHL season,
are we excited about that?
I am.
God of my sight.
Rumor calls me up last night.
Oh, it's on Channel,
or whatever the hell was on the small dish.
I told you the small dish is the way to go, baby.
And there was,
even though it was the sports channel Chicago Telecast,
with Pat Foley,
who is very good, by the way.
But when you're a Leaf fan,
you don't want to watch God damn somebody Pat Foley
doing any of them a Hawksleece game.
But nevertheless,
Leafs blow the lead in the last minute of the play,
Wendell Clark-Kies again for Chicago.
And for the first time ever,
I had a chance to see the 4 on 4 over time.
And of course, during the regular season,
you understand now that if you end in the tie
and the regular at the end of the regulation,
each team gets a point.
And then whoever wins in overtime,
if somebody scores,
they get a second point.
So now there's motivation for somebody to try to win,
for both teams to try to win in overtime,
as opposed to teams desperately protecting the tie
and try to save the point.
So it makes it for a lot more exciting,
and it was.
It was a damn good overtime.
And there's a Daniel Markov,
a 15 seconds left for the lead.
A great pass from Matt Sundin,
scored the winning goal.
Nice going, Daniel.
What kind of thing is he talking about?
Does anybody know what I'm talking about?
No.
No, it's so sad.
But I got to tell you,
this is a really nice job by the hero.
You know, I give credit what credit is due,
and thank God they put very stupid column on a back page,
so probably most people won't see it.
Right next to that picture of a Brett Hall,
scoring the illegal.
Look at that.
Look at that with a skate in the crease there.
And by the way, that's the other piece of good news.
That rule is completely out this year.
The referees will decide all goals.
There'll be no more replay.
The only replay on goals will be,
did the puck cross the goal line?
And I don't know if there's a question about that.
But no more that crap with a toe in the crease.
So in other words,
as long as nobody interferes with the goal tender,
the goal is okay.
And the referee will decide that.
Thank God.
But here's the picture to show you what a farce Gary Bettman is,
and the whole league up until this year,
with a skate right there in the crease,
scoring the phony winning goal.
And Gretzky, Wayne Gretzky,
he need a low, says,
oh yeah, if it means anything,
I thought it was a good goal.
And by the way, I got bad arthritis,
take some Tylenol.
What a horror you are, Wayne.
You're nothing but a god damn horror.
This guy's got more millions.
He's got that really attractive knockout blonde wife,
who I have no idea which he's,
he's never except the money.
And he's got to do Tylenol spots,
which by the way,
he's taken a lot of crap for.
Look at his Pawbell Burace.
First level was swimming.
Mmm.
Anybody want to see Pawbell in a bathing suit?
Whatever happened to that thing he was doing for Sports Illustrator?
I guess he got the injury.
And here's the usual suspects.
Panthers on the hot seat,
Rob Nidomire.
Hey, Robby, we like you,
but oh man, no balls.
Victor Kraslov,
big guy, big strong,
skates around in big circles.
Robert Svela.
Terry Murray put him to sleep last year.
He finished him off.
And he's Terry Murray talking about the men on the bubble,
the Murray boys.
These boys, you run the bubble this year.
So I'll start Saturday,
god damn, I'm psyched.
I mean, it's not going to be very,
it's a terrible division.
I mean, the best we can do is start with Washington Capitals.
Maybe there'll be another ball
like an energy in the black box.
Maybe somebody will come over
and give a Brian Murray a black eye.
Yeah, that happened in the exhibition game
between Washington and Chicago,
the general manager and the coach got into a big,
a big, a big, a big brawl,
which is probably more exciting than the game.
Nice going, air boys.
So there you go.
We got hockey starting this Saturday
at the Macarena.
Let's get the thing sold out.
Come on, let's get a little enthusiasm
for the practice.
Here we go.
Come on.
Everybody's psyched.
Does everybody ready?
That's enough.
Okay, let's take a,
did we take any, I guess,
just that one call.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, the old Joe.
Pretty good, sir.
Have you heard anything about the SFM talks
up here in Northern Palm Beach County?
Joe was talking about that yesterday.
It's pretty, I mean, pretty late.
It's a great thing.
Yeah, it's the same,
because it's a great signal, you know,
this way.
And it's FM, which is, you know,
there is a big step over the AM as far as the quality goes.
But with like this and some local talent they got,
it's just not there.
I wish they could bring Henry up here, Henry.
Yeah.
Still Henry, and, you know,
I know you're, you know,
way to get you up here, but,
why not?
Well, okay.
No, I mean, I,
I don't know.
What the hell not?
That's not our market.
That's a separate market.
There you go, then.
Let's do it.
Let's do it.
Hey, what's the name of the station?
What are the callers?
The ZER, WZER.
WZER, for another 50 bucks a week,
they can put this show on here right now.
I'm glad to hear you're going to have
a 800 number for us up here today.
Yes, sir.
That's right.
Palm Beach County,
which I didn't even realize,
and Greg Reed finally messed up,
because I guess it was due to embarrassed,
admitted in our meeting yesterday,
that even Palm Beach County can't get through
one day at toll free right now.
And as a result,
when we get the 800 number,
you will be.
That's right.
And my boss,
he can't really see this bill for sale.
That's okay.
It's cell phone.
Tumels and urgency.
Well, if they take him to the game,
he probably will leave me, huh?
Yeah.
He can't break on it.
What is it?
If I could take him to the game with me.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
You're stuck in it around for the tickets.
Is that what they're calling?
Okay, listen,
Yonic Perol of Toronto,
what number is he?
Yeah.
Okay, sorry.
No, I mean, you're going to have to answer your question.
I mean, I'm just going to give you tickets.
This is a really good guy.
And he likes to show it.
He's, you know, trying to hook me up in Palm Beach
on that radio station.
A great guy.
Thank you, sir.
Don't take it personally unless you want to.
But I can't just give him a way like that
with all these people online here for him.
These are valuable.
These are $105 a piece.
Of course, I could ask Panther numbers.
I could ask what number
does two Barnes were on the Panthers,
but that would be a trick question,
because two Barnes ain't on the Panthers.
You know, I see how I like playing those games with people.
I like being like real direct, you know,
like either answer this question or you don't get it.
That's all.
I want to kill a lot of time with this
because we found out in the past that this is a tune out.
This is a disaster.
All that Chris Well stuff, not only at Chris Well's
had hurt the team, but he also hurt my show.
Because I got all psychotic and bent out of shape.
Remember that's sure we do.
What a mistake that was back in those packs of days
after we were off to that rip-roaring start in the fall book.
And all of a sudden, I get all wrapped up and I had crap
that nobody cared about.
That's because George is best friend,
kept saying, oh, we got to do a hockey show.
He had the nerve to say that to me on the phone yesterday
and was half serious.
Half serious.
Half just half?
Yeah, I won't tell you which half.
I think the bottom half is in that half.
God.
Got to do a hockey show.
And I said, no.
You're out of your mind, Mr.
and now you see how they're, I mean,
we still got a lot of calls on there,
but now that they know they're going to have to answer
some questions, give me a number, you know.
So you know, it's cool us.
Because we have no hockey fans on it.
Why is that?
What is the problem?
Can anybody explain that to me?
No.
They like it.
They just don't understand it.
They don't get it.
They know nothing about it.
They haven't learned anything about it.
Maybe part of the problem was Christina
more sitting there telling us to do and sit down comedy on a radio.
But nobody listened to the radio for those games anyway.
Everybody was watching TV with Remar and probably Denise
and she's a hot fan.
It must be her, it's fault.
If we're not educating anybody about the greatest sport in the world down here.
All they know about is God and they don't even know about professional football.
All they want to talk about is the Huracunis.
If you listen to the rest of the station,
Huracunis and the Gators,
Gators suck Huracunis.
We used to think they were okay.
And that's all they want to talk about.
It's a sense of how do you pronounce it?
P-U-R-I-L-E.
Meaning childish.
That's another one of those words that you see in print,
but you never say it, so you don't know how to pronounce it.
P-U-E-R-I-L-E.
Pair-O, Pair-O, P-R-I-L.
P-R-I-L?
No.
Yes.
P-R-I-L?
Trust me.
Have you ever said that before?
Just now?
No, okay.
Now see, I don't think that doesn't sound right.
George says P-R-I-L.
I say childish.
It's a lot easier.
Juvenile.
Embarrassing.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, what's up?
Just called second half of the ticket.
Yes, sir.
Fire the question away, yeah.
Okay, number 27.
Buffalo Sabers.
Patrick?
Okay, thank you.
That's close.
Michael Peca.
Donald Cash.
It sounds the same.
It's got the kind of ring to it.
5670560, pound 560 on the 18T.
I was trying to give away a pair of tickets for opening night at the Macarena.
Maybe it's going to be great.
Francis in the market capital.
Burray is game like the wind.
No Peter War Elv.
That's an improvement.
But by the way, it's taken that.
I don't want to get hockey intensive, but I'll say this.
I did read in this thing here.
I mean, are you serious, Terry?
Marie, this man is going to put Victor Kraslov, etc. on Burray's line.
And Scott Melonby on the other wing.
Oh, my God.
Scott, I love you.
There's our captain.
He's a good guy.
He never met a rat that he didn't kill.
He gives it his all every game.
But here's, again, Ray Whitney because Terry Marie doesn't like him.
He's only led to the team and scoring the last two years in a row.
And about every meaningful offensive category last year.
When he was playing with Burray with the most dynamic, exciting stuff we saw.
Those 11 games or whatever it was.
And I don't know.
We're going to take instead of putting somebody who's fast and can compliment Burray's speed and talent,
we're going to take a slow plotting guy who when he skates, you want to do a Duff when you watch him try to skate up and down the ice.
Because you know he's trying like hell, but he's really slow and ponderous.
Does anybody with a brain want to put him on line with the Pobl Burray?
No.
No.
What are you doing, Terry?
You're screwing up already.
Why don't you let me make out the guy to aim line up?
Okay, Terry.
Make up the damn lines.
Chases.
Christ.
So you know it's kind of an ambivalent feeling on the one hand it's our team.
We want to see him do well.
But on the other hand, if something happens that they do get off to a slow start,
there's always a silver lining in that dark cloud because it means we can pack a submarine sandwich
for the boys that we got in the bush and we can shake it by to the Murray boys because it's a package deal.
Oh yeah, one goes.
The other one's got to go too.
You know it's like they're joined at the hip.
Like Simon's twins.
Here's a mobile in West Palm.
Hello.
It's two for one.
Get rid of both of them.
Yeah, I thought they said.
What happened in your meeting?
What did they say about your stale dolls?
They said, yeah.
Yeah, that's what they said.
All right, something to be a quick question.
They were very apologetic.
Let's see.
Bobby Holik on the New Jersey Devils.
What number is he wearing?
Number six.
Dean.
Okay, that was very good.
Actually, he had like a half-right.
That was not, but I almost said a good thing.
I'm not going to give it a 10 because that's as close as we'll come to a winner today.
I'll give you an easy one in a minute and then we'll come up with a winner.
Get rid of these damn things because you know me.
I hate prolonging the agony with this stuff.
I hate dragging it out.
Isn't that what's his name said?
Roy.
He hates dragging it out.
That's why he took that black dillow that day.
It's a lot easier.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Yeah, two things.
First of all, OJ signing watergrass.
You spell OJ right?
No.
And I'd like to take the tickets and donate into your center one AIDS cause minus OJ.
What does that mean?
In other words, if I win the ticket, I would like to donate them if somebody did on the tickets.
No, we're not doing that.
Okay, five, six, seven.
You see, why do people always do that with me?
How many times has that happened?
I'm giving these away.
We're not, I mean, we start the center one thing.
By the way, don't forget.
We'll be at specs this Saturday, noon to two with the sawgrass right by Ruby Tuesdays.
And the stuff our CDs and cassettes go into all the specs doors all over South Florida starting this Friday, October one.
And I appreciate the sentiment there, sir.
Although I'm not really, I really don't because what you're trying to do is you're trying to change rules and the stream and make me feel compelled to give them to you because then it's like you're doing something nice.
Which I don't want to do that.
I want to give to somebody who's a real hockey fan.
That's why I'm asking a little questions here today to find out somebody who knows a little bit of something about the game.
And then they can go and enjoy it.
Sit right up there against the glass, push their nose up against the glass.
And by the way, those stains you'll see on the glass.
Those are from the petunia pigs that go down there to watch practice people with a game.
All those porkers.
Yeah, Desperados couldn't get laid in the pickle patch.
You know who I'm talking about?
All those real porky broads.
Four minutes before 11 at 560 WQM.
We got the Hank Goldberg show at two.
Talking baseball.
Oh, geez.
Talking baseball.
How many more games we got?
I think three.
Are we down to three?
Let me take a look.
We got this last one with the X-Pose tonight.
That you'd garnered us about a point one.
In fact, this is kind of like a Brook Daniels game tonight.
That's about the level of what we're beginning.
Let me take a puke at this schedule here.
Let's see.
We got the one game tonight.
Marlins and the Braves.
One, two, three.
Four games left.
That's it.
Oh, hallelujah.
Doesn't it feel better now that the season is almost over?
It's for us anyway.
For the Marlins.
For them.
Like I said, them.
Oh.
It's great.
What's the sub-tession with Hoki?
Coming soon to a theater near you.
Every male celebrity who's ever shown their butt.
Teach you in hundreds of A-list actors with one thing in common.
A great set of tight pun.
Jeffrey Lyon says, I've never seen so many butts before in my life.
Roger Eber calls it a non-stop butt best.
Tom Cruise.
Bruce Willis.
So Vester So Long.
Kurt Russell.
Antonio Bender.
Tennis Friends.
Michael Gunglitz.
Ronald Trude.
John Woodson.
Kevin Bacon.
Ken Orey.
And nearly 350 other butt-sheets.
If you only see one posterior this year, make it.
Every male celebrity who's ever shown their butt.
Playing soon in selected cities.
Check local listing for the once newest you.
It's loved out two at five sixty WQM.
Here's the second hour already.
And we still haven't given away these guys.
They're beautiful big souvenir tickets, which are probably worth almost as much as OJ's autograph.
Wouldn't you think?
Uh-huh.
Especially that one I tore up in a million pieces.
I'm sorry about that because then there are a lot of collectors out there who are very serious.
So hey, OJ like poison, but they will take the money anyway.
And that thing's in a waste basket now.
Maybe we could tape it together.
Yeah, like in your spare time just to sit around there and like tape.
It's only in about eighty ninety pieces.
In fact, I bet you if we gave, if I just collected all the pieces and we promised to mail it to somebody,
somebody would probably take it.
Here's the Palm City.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
That was number twenty seven.
The two ladies now.
Uh, I got to understand that.
I'm a big hockey fan.
Okay, here we go.
So here's the guy at worst Palm City by the way in Palm Beach.
Uh, north of Palm Beach.
North of Palm Beach?
Yeah, about twenty minutes of Palm Beach.
And you're going to come all the way down to a Panther game Saturday?
I'm the biggest hockey fan in Florida.
Steve iso many Trey Red Wing's number.
Steve iso.
Yeah.
Oh, hold on a second.
Oh my god, I can't believe you.
Yeah.
Nineteen.
Now that was pretty easy.
And this guy is the biggest hockey fan in Florida next to me.
And he don't know Steve, why?
He don't even know the uniform number of Stevie.
Why?
Oh my god.
What does that tell you?
But I, and this guy sounded like a good guy.
You know, like he really knows his crappy.
He really wanted to come all the way down.
But he just doesn't know, you know?
I mean, see, if you guys will get the small addition start,
there's more to the hockey world than just the Panthers.
That's why we have no hockey fan.
Because other than those three months when we got hot like four or five years ago,
whatever it was now seems like another lifetime.
Other than that, it's been a pretty dismal six years to be honest with you.
I mean, we're ecstatic.
It's the only thing we're happy that we like waning for is bringing hockey to this town.
Other than that, we hit him like poison.
But nevertheless, why was thinking about that, by the way?
You know, when this station first got the broadcast rights,
when we were over at Paxton, and this station outbid everybody else
and gave away billions of dollars, $35 million for five years for the broadcast rights,
and waning owned all the teams at that time,
all three teams at the station carried the Marlins, the dolphins, and the Panthers.
So even as much as they really only would have preferred the dolphins,
then they would have continued the Panthers, I guess.
It's not a real expensive deal.
But they were forced to take all three.
But now that Wayne doesn't own the Marlins anymore,
wouldn't it make sense that now since John Henry owns that horse and buggy
a bankrupt minor league team, they can't you.
They can't blackmail these people with the dolphins and the Panthers stuff,
because John, Wayne Henry's got Wayne Henry.
He's got nothing to do with that.
John Heizinger.
You follow what I'm saying?
Maybe we could give them as a gift to Wafen.
Exactly. Let's give the Marlins games for the next two years as a present.
Oh, yeah.
To our friends down there at 17 out of the way.
Stay on your lawn and up for next baseball season.
Oh, that very jackass delivered the letter to the people over there who Wafen saying,
here you go, because we like you so much,
and because we got a great sense of humor, and because we're good sports,
we want to give you the Marlins broadcast for the next two years.
All you have to do of course is pay the broadcast rights,
and then good luck selling it, and you know, and it's yours.
It's a tie-knights bow on the letter.
Don't you remember when the thing first started with the lawsuits back and forth
for this place about how the Marlins were threatening?
That was when Wayne's the one in the team, I believe.
And the Marlins were threatening, oh, well we might have to pull the game so,
and that was before the season started. That's right.
And they went to a whole other bunch of stations.
Well, do you want the game?
No.
No.
How about you?
No.
What about the...
No!
Nobody wanted the game at any price.
At any price.
Damn it.
Great idea, though, Neil.
Thank you.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Speak to me, sir.
Okay, nice talking to you.
Too late to see you.
Here's a guy waiting for a long, long time.
I mean, a long time.
And he just can't get his name.
He's got the radio up in the back.
I'm saying hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
He's out.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I don't know why I'm giving the number out.
These phones are jamming now because people are desperate.
Especially, even if they don't want to go to the game,
this is souvenir of these things are beautiful,
or maybe they want to scalp them.
Although, you know, when the game isn't even sold out,
I don't know if you're going to be able to do much scalp in with tickets.
Plus, you don't want to go to the Who's Gotfer scalp and panting tickets.
Especially this year.
Now that we got Ken Jenny is really all geared up there and proud.
I bet it's like 10 to 20 for scalp and tickets today,
a sporting event.
Here's a mobile of the West Palm Beach.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was wondering if you had caught on a,
they showed a couple days ago that a share over on Lee County.
Yeah.
Who's putting those, uh,
those raps in the other laptop.
I'm not sure if he's sure.
Here we saw, but nobody over here knows anything about Lee County.
Out of 200 faxes on it yesterday.
But nobody here even knows who that is, you know.
All right.
With all the respect to our friends and four buyers,
nobody here cares about that.
I said that yesterday.
I can't understand that.
I can't understand people can just let people like that in the game.
Because you're another religious.
Now what would you expect in the Lee County?
I mean, look at the nature of, you know, 80% of the people over there.
What would you expect?
Yeah, I guess you're right.
I really did not care.
So, anyway, I like to see them trying to get those tickets.
Okay.
Steve Thomas Toronto Maple Leafs numbered.
Uh, 25.
Okay.
32.
Not bad.
That's only seven off.
Get a dish.
Get a small dish.
It's amazing.
You'll see all these channels on there.
They got all the football games, the NFL package.
They got all the college games.
They got the NHL center ice package with almost every game
that's ever been played, including the Lee Splatcox exhibition game last time.
It's amazing.
And like I started saying before before,
so rudely interrupted myself.
And watching, you'll see there actually are some teams that are exciting to watch.
Unlike our team, which if Pavel Burry goes down again,
I mean, bring a good book.
Very sad.
And of course, the coverage here.
Now, this to me though is a good start.
And believe me, it must be Dan Good for me to say something really to be peeing all over about the hero.
It must be Dan Dan Good.
Because for them to put a whole special NHL preview section here,
and there's the lovely Pavel Burry right on the front page of it, by the way, in full color.
I'd like to see them put a picture of David J. Neil in here wearing his Hussade Shaco.
That would send me, you know.
It might reduce me to tears.
Like.
And then here's Greg Kotex.
Is this the year that come back begins?
Oh yeah.
Panthers try to win back to fans.
I think what he's really trying to say is there's a lot of those season tickets to the one soul.
Come on, let's get out there Saturday.
Let's fill up the joint, baby.
Maybe if we beg hard enough, maybe Terry Muriel come to his senses
and pull Ray Whitney on the left wing,
they were in that line with Pavel Burry,
and stop being a bozo, stop being a hard ass.
Get a brain.
Get a life.
You simple to me.
In any language, including God, then check his Lovacchi and Rurski too.
See, the team is in Broward now,
and he's appealing to the big county people with his English only crap on the bench.
Nobody cares about that in Broward.
Or friendly, we just want the team to win.
That's all.
Asshole.
Show me yours, I'll show you mine.
We always do things together for it.
Get you to have ourselves a family time.
Watch your steps again and dance.
We're going for take-out.
All right.
We'll be taking-out of the time.
Did he all have fortune, son?
What'd you say about taking a chance?
We'll start a day well.
You don't let you run and turn.
You can't stop her and drop her and start a day well.
And that's right, I'll real fortune.
We'll start our two seasons.
Our favorite season's good.
And then we'll get some more potatoes.
Can we throw the gold for two?
We'll win the roughest in the toughest.
Not you, who the only good find.
We'll start a day well.
And then we'll play the game well.
And then we'll get something to lie.
We'll start a day well.
And find out who's sure to die.
We'll start a day well.
We'll start a day well.
We'll start a day well.
It's 2015 to 560.
I got the gun right to his ass.
I was going to say don't do it too late.
Can you believe that?
We're happy.
We're getting a new phone thing in here.
What do we always complain about?
Just take the money and run.
Here's the guy saying okay.
Here's the pair of tickets worth $210.
Right up against the glass.
For the opening game, these are these beautiful souvenir tickets.
We're not going to mail these out.
It's already Wednesday.
No, it's for a game.
The game Saturday.
Somebody will have to pick these up in addition.
You wouldn't want to put this in the mail anyway.
These are collectibles.
I would rather have these than have OJs autographs.
Better get with it.
Look at this.
Here's a lady in homestead.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
I don't want the tickets.
I'm not into hockey.
I'm sorry for jumping around on my subjects.
Please, we don't have a subject.
I'm trying to give these tickets away.
I just wanted to make a comment.
This is getting back to the lunch program for the school.
About ten years ago when I was in high school,
the school I went to had so many students that if they closed the campus,
they would have had to have three shifts to serve lunch.
They said that they would have had to start serving lunch around 9am
and they would have stopped serving around, like I think they said it was about one o'clock.
I think closing the campus is a horrible idea.
I also think that half of the local restaurants would probably go out of business too
because they depend on the students as a major part of their restaurant income.
Don't kids take lunch to school anymore?
Is that only little kids do that?
Just little kids do that.
Yeah, peanut butter, jelly sandwich.
There's no word to keep it.
Now they want to get rid of the lockers in school so they'd have to
schlep their lunch around with them all day long.
Where the hell are kids going to put their guns and machetes?
Well, they could put them in a lunch box thing.
Or maybe they just put overheads over the desk like they do on the airlines?
That's it. That would work.
That's it. That would work.
That's all I have to think.
I'm with you.
I think it's ridiculous.
It was a tragic accident.
But when I first heard this thing about, oh, we got to keep the kids on campus and then not let them out.
Well, what is that all about?
Based on what?
Now granted, when I was in high school a hundred years ago, I used to walk home for lunch
because I was lucky enough to live like three-minute walk away.
The high school is right up to three-done corner there.
In Canada, when the New York-Canadae were a academy.
Great school, by the way.
But we only had 25 minutes for lunch.
25 minutes and another 40 minutes stuff.
And I would go home and my would have whatever there like whatever was, always something good.
And we'd have TV would be on every day between 12, 45 o'clock and there would be guiding light.
Which is why I've been watching that crap.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of the guiding light.
Because every now and then, you know, you get some of these hostile assholes out there looking for reason to take a shot.
Oh, yeah. Well, you know, you faggot. You watch soap operas.
Guess what?
I'm reading in here in a special hockey section in the hero today about my close personal friend Paul Laws
who may actually be listening right now.
Practice is over.
Here it is.
Personal. A year-round resident of Booker Raton lists days of our lives as his favorite TV show.
Okay? So maybe you'd like to take on Paul Laws for two or three rounds.
Okay, pal? And tell him that he's a fat because he watches a soap opera.
That's why, Paulie.
That's our last hope there.
Now that we got the big sparser out of there for five or six weeks, we've got to get Paul Laws out there cracking some heads.
Make sure nobody takes the one at number ten.
Oh, what number was Paul L. Burry?
You know something of ISN? Now they probably still wouldn't get that.
Yeah, this business about they don't have enough food for the kids at lunch time.
And this is a, I'm going to tell you something.
In my blood, I may, I may pop a gut.
I may have an aneurysm.
If somebody ever calls me and tells me that they, they support spending a penny of tax money to build any kind of a goddamn ballpark or rena any of this crap for millionaires.
Like the guy sitting in an article, I read the other day, let him build it himself just like everybody else does when they go into business.
They either build it or they buy it or they do something.
Nobody else pays for it. Let him pay for it.
He's got hundreds of millions, billions, whatever the hell he's got with his big stick and yacht up there in Alaska.
What kind of a lunatic, especially with all the things that we got to do here in this town, what all the needs that we've got?
That must be crazy. That must be nuts.
You're a madman.
A madman.
A lunatic.
In addition to which, I wish I would have saved those pictures from the front page that day.
In fact, also, if somebody could have faxed me to pop each front page, he was all three newspapers on the front page with his nine people he had in the stands.
Standing there like a shlumpr.
Like, oh, how about over there?
Are you guys sitting over there or are you not?
So sad.
So tragic.
Don't you understand nobody, anything, cares.
Nobody is interested.
Pack you a sandwich and get out of here already.
Now, how come they can't, like, I know this is a terrible idea.
But it sure got to be better than the swill up there serving in school for lunches now after that real greasy, nasty pizza I saw.
But how come they can't have, and I noticed the governor here a few weeks ago, which I forgot to comment about, he signed the bill to allow he made some kind of a deal to allow a coke to ban all these things.
He's vending people to put their stuff back into goddamn schools again so that your kids can rot their teeth out.
And be sure and keep taking a lot of riddling because they're just loaded with sugar with all that crap that they're drinking.
Nice going air bushmeister.
You jackass, you imbecile.
God, I wouldn't be surprised if just like his brother pretty soon we have a bill here that it's okay to carry your pack your peace in church.
Well, now it's church is all about peace, love and brotherhood.
You got to bring your peace to a church man unless they put up a sign saying, oh hey, leave your peace outside.
Check it outside.
Everything has the metal detectors like they have at the schools and the airports.
No, no, they can just have like when you go to a summer restaurant, they check your coat and they check your hat and you know what I'm the guy who used to wear hats.
Well, they can have like a thing out there in the front lobby in the church.
The four yay.
Then the four yay. Yeah.
Charles four yay. Remember him.
Can we check your peace Charles Boyet?
Okay, see it like chef boy ID. Remember him got to be a little more contemporary for George.
You don't know Charles boy A from Ingrid Bergman.
Just like these people, they don't know Stevie Ijemen from Dorothy Killgown.
It's true. I think they know as much about both of them.
You're about to say about McDonald's or getting them into school.
No, no, so seriously. Are you trying to like interrupt?
No, you actually you should be talking a lot more these days.
You better not putting them because I know you're still under the weather today, but that's what it's going to be.
New and George talk a lot.
No, seriously. Oh, these people. Yeah. What? Yes.
I'm the very serious. Yes, they we had a great show again yesterday with the you know up until about 12 whatever was very few phone calls.
The first of which we believe was OJ.
Yeah, you wait. You'll find that later on when you have time.
You'll flip through and find where that call is and we'll.
They're card it up. We'll put in them thing.
I think it's him. Yeah, you think you're talking real to of you.
Get out of here. Okay. Murdering peace of crap.
He ought to this is the thing about the arrogance of him. That's what really bothers me.
And you ask holes you butt liakers out there. You jocks nippers.
All you do is feed this arrogance by sucking up to this guy.
He ought to be kissing the ground that he's walking around breeding the fresh air instead of sitting on death row someplace where he ought to be.
God. And instead of that this arrogant and curious attitude like his stuff don't stink.
I guarantee it stinks.
So anyway, getting back to McDonald's.
No, and it doesn't have to be McDonald's, but why couldn't the public school system make a deal with the companies that operate the fast food franchise?
Because that's where most of these kids are going anyway.
You know, McDonald's and Burger King. I mean, they're in airports.
They're everywhere in the world that I go. They're everywhere. You can't get away from them. Wendy's whatever for years that has been suggested.
I mean, excuse is just like I'm always saying like the airlines could do the same thing too.
Instead of feeding you this slap, why can't they make a deal especially since most of the fast food joints have got outlets right there in the airport anyway?
You're going to laugh, but here's the excuse that the schools come up with and this is brought up and always brought up because it's not nutritious enough.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to do a job just turning you crazy.
It's not nutritious enough as compared to the great stuff that they're addition out like that greasy slimy pizza that we saw this morning on the Michel Gillens piece.
It's ridiculous that they call it junk food and we didn't want to serve junk food as opposed to what as opposed to the crap that they're serving them without I guarantee you probably the McDonald's people might even wash their hands.
Yeah, that's right.
And we'll handle the money and the food with the same damn hands.
Let them set up a deal. Let them kind of franchise it out.
They could take bids. Take the goddamn school system out of the food business and take the airlines out of the food business.
Let food people do the food business. I know that comes as a great shock.
So you bring in educators out there and as far as nutritionists concerned, who you kidn anyway.
I remember what the food was like in school even though I used to go home for lunch in high school.
I remember what the hell it was like in the cafeteria. It was crap.
Sloppy macaroni and cheese. I mean, it was garbage.
And what the hell was wrong with a big Mac? What's wrong with the, yeah.
And doesn't McDonald make salads and other stuff like that?
Taco Bell? Huh? What's wrong with that? They can even bring their little trowel to school with them.
They need Taco Bell if they want. They could do Wendy. They have a salad bar, the stuffed potatoes, but they can't do it.
So, what's wrong with that?
The next for large, these shields. Yeah, that's right. A nice knees shield.
You know how kids aren't going to go to school with a flu and just a nod a little bit in there?
It looks like salad dressing, but it's not. It's wrong with that.
Yeah, I just don't understand what this country is thinking of with all the resources that this country has got.
I turn on my TV this morning and I have to be treated to a spectacle of this bitch, Michelle Gillen, who makes me sick.
Who makes me nauseous?
Channel 4 seems that if they could only get eye-seemings over there, they have a clean sweep.
If they could just pry him away from the chair, they don't want him.
They got enough losers over there already.
Just like that. It's freaking, and by the way, you notice the thing on her lip angeles getting a little smaller all the time.
I think either it's getting smaller or Brian's trying to bite it off.
Yeah, he thinks it looks kind of like a f*** is what he told me.
Well, honey, you got it, f***.
Well, you can't tell by the way the people stare at the walls of me with longer hair.
It's not that bad.
God, it's all the night.
It's a little crazy, but you still are right.
You still are OK.
You can't go down one way.
You still got to save it, little silly n***a for dancing shoes.
And Johnny, you're believing because he was dreaming it's saying a lot.
Saying a lot.
Nothing is weird to see him in the computer, but he's saying a lot.
Saying a lot.
Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh?
Saying a lot.
Saying a lot.
Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh?
Hillary Clinton dies and goes to heaven where she meets St. Peter.
She notices that there are clocks everywhere.
She asks St. Peter why there's so many clocks here.
St. Peter tells her that each clock represents a person on earth,
and that every time a person tells a lie, the clock picks off one second.
It gets ticked off.
St. Peter explains that one clock is never moved because it belonged to Mother Teresa,
and she never told a lie in her whole life.
The next lie belonged to Abraham Lincoln.
That bagged.
And since he only told two lies his whole life, only two seconds is picked off.
Hillary asks, where is Bill's clock?
St. Peter says, those clock is upstairs in Jesus' office.
He uses it as a ceiling fan.
Yeah, it's old.
I've been not up to the usual standards of this factor, but usually sends us good stuff.
So anyway, you talk about a joke, you talk about humorous.
I was just showing George who don't even care about this, but nevertheless.
And I heard even Beful this morning, who's usually Mr. Noncommittal, Mr. Night Sky,
Mr. Sit on the fence, but here is one of the dumbest headlines in the history of any newspaper.
This one in the Sun Sentinel Day.
If the hero doesn't get you, the Sun Sentinel will.
Well, let's do pittedly.
Here is Demetrius Underwood, who just tried desperately to commit sausages up there
and landing Michigan over the weekend because he owed his wife child support
and they put him in the slammer for a brief time.
And because he's a basket case, and because he's in a cult, and because the dog's done it,
and he made another reason.
And I'm telling you, if OG would have just been there, he'd gotten the job done right.
Right in the right spot, man.
His head would have been hanging just like a bio thread.
Just like the cools.
But anyway, here's the headline on this story by Craig Barnes.
They pointed out this morning on the worst team accurately.
So the guy that writes this story doesn't write the headline.
But wait till you hear this headline. Underwood will sit out season.
What a shock.
What a profound headline.
Here's the guy that just tried to kill himself.
Stab himself in the neck is upgraded to good condition or fair or decent,
or he will make it.
And we're supposed to be shocked because he ain't going to play no football games.
Jesus.
I'll never be the same again.
Here's Lake Worth. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm sure a lot of people are going to disagree with me on this.
But I really think this year they should have made our captain Billy Lindsay.
Maybe I'll have to.
They were done and thinking about trading him.
Where are they really?
Yeah.
This is the only guy on the team.
All of the old guys there that has any grit.
You know, that has any desire to be out there and actually work hard.
Yeah.
You see minutes of following.
He plays hard.
And he looks hard.
That's just all I wanted to say.
I want to have put in my room and play.
What's the biggest thing about trading?
I haven't been keeping up with a newspaper.
Your phone is wrapping out.
I'm just going to tell you a few weeks ago that rumors were that before the trading deadline,
there was no trading.
But before whatever.
I'm looking forward to seeing him.
I'll be here.
Okay.
We'll see him.
Yeah.
Okay.
Get a new phone.
Good guy with bad phone.
Sorry.
560-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What are you talking about trading deadline?
I don't know.
I don't know where that came from.
By the way, we pick up Lonnie Bohanna some Monday.
No.
How about Derek King?
No.
Not too much money.
We like Chris Wells.
Here's the sunrise.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
What's up?
Yes, sir.
Can you give me the question real quick?
The hockey question.
Can I give you the question real quick?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Chicago Blackhawks.
Doug Gilmore.
What number?
20.
93.
560-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's only 1135.
These are the hockey experts.
You see some people think, oh, that Neil.
He's like his son of a bitch.
He's always saying these people, we don't know nothing about hockey.
We forgot more about hockey.
Well, you know something.
Maybe if you remember it, then we could have a conversation someday.
But I doubt it.
Man, this is a terrifying number 20.
And of course, I'm given people who are easy, people who are stars, who have worn the same
number forever.
Doug Gilmore went to Leafs.
He was 93.
Would have Devils.
Now would a Blackhawks.
Nobody knows.
Now that I think about it, was he 93 with the Devils?
I don't know.
It doesn't make any difference because he don't play for the Devils anymore.
He's a Blackhawks.
And he's wearing 93 like he did with the Leafs.
If you would have been watching last night, you would have seen it if you had your small
dish there.
If you would have been a fan like me.
I bet you there weren't ten of us watching that game last night down here.
Here's four Myers.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, I'm the second biggest hockey man after that other guy they called.
All right.
Shoot me with questions.
Well, how's that for a start?
That's good.
I wasn't even thinking.
Let's see.
Let me come up with somebody good.
Yeah.
Team Usalani, what number?
Oh, boy.
Number 12.
Eight.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Palm five, 60.
And I'm doing these all off the top of my head.
Wow, we're really impressed.
I sure hope I'm right.
Yeah, I'm right.
Believe me.
Oh, it's really sad.
And this is a real good education for all the sports people out there.
All the home will course are going to be listening to Waffen and Jim Roeman.
All the other good stuff as we continue dividing up that little teeny tiny pie.
It would be like if somebody gave me like, you know how you go into a diner
and have those little pieces of stale pie like cherry pie.
It would be like if somebody took that little piece of pie
and tried to slice it up in about 10 different slices,
that's what it's going to be like.
All the sports nerds.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
I know a little bit about hockey.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to take this shot and I hope I don't pitch it off anymore.
I'm not pissed off at all.
I'm having a great time with this.
Yeah.
Well, it's kind of sad to hear everything.
I hope it works out when you asked me.
Okay.
Toronto may believes Matt Sundee, number 21.
13.
Oh, man.
I may never give these away.
How about Pavel Burry, number 10?
What's his number?
You know, number 10 on the Panthers.
What's Pavel's number?
Anybody know?
No.
Okay.
You know, number 10, Pavel Burry.
Well, that's a good thing why I'm only doing this today.
Better get off this hockey stuff real quick.
We're back down there with a one share pretty soon.
We'll be down there with the battling brook before you know.
We'll be fighting it out for the toilet for the war.
It's just, I mean, oh, and by the way,
you haven't seen these because the new, uh,
did you see these in to you?
The new numbers?
The new format for the way you saw them?
But it's so impressive to be able to look there from, um,
three to seven p.m.
On W-I-N-Z.
50,000 watts.
Person's 25, 54.
And by the way, Hank had a two seven, but that's three to seven.
So between two and six, certainly he had a three something.
So it's not as bad as everyone thinks.
In fact, it was a hell of a lot better than the morning.
That was, that was the, uh,
Chigurita Woodpile was that morning show.
Wow.
God.
And of course, if they stick enough 13-minute breaks in Hank show,
they can get that down to a, you know, to a low two.
Oh, yeah.
That's a 20-minute break.
And that'll be out of there too.
But take a look at where she is down here on this list.
I can't, I can't find a guy damn thing.
Where is this bitch?
With her 0.9.
Where the hell is it?
Here's a magic.
Here's TMI.
Even TMI, the classic music station.
Oh, look, it's, you're not on that page at all.
Wait till you hear this.
Wait till you hear this.
Oh, my God.
WRMF.
Which is a pretty good station, but it's in Palm Beach,
County, you know, FM 90, uh,
8.97.09.
Right?
Yeah.
Oh, by the way, the coast had a pretty good book too.
Nice going there, Bob and Cheryl.
Oh, yeah, Bob, by the way, send me a letter.
He said, boy, Phil's going to kick your ass.
I don't think so, Bob.
He sent me a letter.
WRMF 1.1.
3 to 7.
He didn't send me a letter.
And, uh, Radio Mom B had a letter.
It was 0.9.
So here's the station out of the market that's got a 1.1.
And Brook has got a 0.9.
Tied for 23rd with Radio Mom B.
And, uh, oh.
And with WET FM, which is also in Palm Beach County.
What is it?
Isn't that a country station?
WET or is that a slush station?
We don't know.
We'll find out.
Somebody in Palm Beach will let us know.
Oh, man, just, just, and then WNBM, which is got about 6 watts.
That Haitian scharzer, whatever that station is.
WNBM had a 0.7.
With about 6 watts, she's got 50,000 watts.
She's got a signal that makes your radio vibrate.
If you live on the goddamn moon.
That's right.
Even if your radio is stuck in your neck, it still vibrates.
Every time you go by 940, because their daytime signal is so strong.
And she's sitting there with a 0.9.
Boy, I would do a time like this if I was here.
I'd get in the car in the middle of the night, put all my, uh,
ball of wax and all my stuff in here.
My whole, uh, kitten, good little.
And I would just pack it up and disappear.
I'd pack it if I were her.
I just head over here to Tyra Kingdom, get, you know,
some nice new tires and hit the road, sweetheart.
No, Roger.
God.
Yeah.
The day, like this is the same.
Like the sea, but the most famous.
We swear with nightgates if you want.
These outfits like mine, they will take your hand.
We got a man.
We swelled in nightgates.
These are glides and clear designers.
We sing like a bunch of pretty whining.
I was saying, our agent says we got a saying.
We swelled in nightgates.
Our big fans are 12 year old girls.
Two super-estates as indeed.
The best they can hold is the all they can out.
We're hiding our late-tencies.
One thing is for sure.
When we get many children.
What's our global goal?
The delicate cycle.
Want to do what I should with your might go.
But today we think that we have better say.
We say we're not gay.
I swear with nightgates.
Thank you, my Justin Todd, for the first to slip it on the best of the O'99.
Which will be selling its specs by the way, October, November, December, starting this Friday, October 1.
And I'll be its specs towards the O'odge.
Maybe we'll have a book of Brian O'Shoewa.
This Saturday, noon to two with the specs of the Sawgrass mills mall.
And the specs of the mall is right near the Blue Dolphin entrance right by Ruby Tuesdays.
Maybe Ruby Tuesdays will bring us some free lunch while with her.
Do you think so?
No.
And Brian said no.
Why not?
Don't they like this?
No.
We'll find out.
Here's a lady in Voka.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Just so you know, my daughter's high school.
They do sell pizza.
They sell Papa John's pizza.
Really?
Yeah.
And she said only the kids that have no money that are in pre-lunch eat the school lunch.
Yeah.
But they get pizza every day.
Well, wait a minute.
The school lunches are free.
Well, you know, the kids that can't afford it that have to apply for pre-lunches.
Oh, I see.
So in other words, there is something, such a thing as a free lunch.
Yes.
But they don't get the pizza.
They get whatever the school serves.
Why?
Yeah.
Oh, God.
Can you imagine what's in there?
I wouldn't want it out.
Not good to be poor, is it?
No, I guess not.
I mean, if you have to choose between having money and having no money, always having money is just a little bit better.
It's not like that.
Yeah.
Obviously, it's a ticket holder, but I don't have opening right?
You don't have opening right?
Oh.
Oh, that's great.
It sounds so depressed.
I am.
Well, how about Oleg Kavasha on the Panthers?
What number is he?
Oh, let's see.
On the Panthers' clashes, 16.
You know, the only reason I'm laughing is because I'm always bitching about women being free-loaders.
But you're the winner.
Oh, me!
All right.
Hold on, sweetheart.
Thanks.
How do you like that?
A lady.
I mean, I didn't ask her about a Panther player, but I didn't ask her like Ray Whitney or Needermar.
I asked her about somebody who's like holding a second-year player now, a little bit on the obscure side.
Nice going.
Of course, she was probably looking it up there.
It sounded like the meat.
But that's all right.
She still gets him.
I'll come over to hang it up.
They're hanging up because they didn't win because they didn't have nothing to say.
And that'll open up the lines for people to have something to say, which is good.
Killed almost two hours with that.
Nice going.
Nail, come on.
Excellent job.
Now we can talk about important things like what the hell's wrong with lunches that they're feeding your kids at school.
And what's wrong with you people that you don't care about your kids?
I don't understand it.
I just don't get it.
We had this horrible story up in Vancouver, Ray, which I've been watching on the BBC last several days,
when his baby allegedly fell off the Vancouver Bridge up there and miraculously survived.
Now comes to find out that baby didn't fall off the bridge.
The mother threw it off the bridge because it's got down syndrome.
And the police are charging her with attempted murder because she threw the guy down baby off the bridge.
And they confiscated her PC because she's got all kind of the email on there where she was trying to put the baby up for adoption in the States.
Will anybody take this baby off my hands?
And I guess the response was no.
So she just threw it off the bridge.
And it's still alive.
How do you like that?
Don't understand it.
Crazy people making babies.
For sterilization for 100 years I've been screaming those two words into your ears, folks.
Forced sterilization.
And by the way, I know this comes as a great shock to you.
But one of the reasons that we have so much rampant crime in this country is because the population is growing here like copsy.
I can remember in my lifetime when a population in this country was 150 million people.
Now it's like 270 million people which is then near double.
And you wonder why there's so many shleppers out there.
There's so many desparados, etc. and so on.
So many crazy people.
And of course when Reagan closed up all the loony bins because we had to take the money away from social programs and put those people out on the streets.
That was another nice nice going there Ronnie.
You know the Lord works in the serious ways.
That's why you've conveniently forgotten all the grotesque things you've done.
And they're all making a big, a song to dance about this biography of his.
And they're not too crazy about it.
Too bad he is a bubblehead and always was an airhead.
Just a just a face man.
He was kind of like the.
Roll on the political world.
That's right.
A face man.
So I come across in my son's center this morning one of the most obnoxious, well we already had the obnoxious headline.
Here's one of the most disgusting articles I've ever seen in my life.
Having to do with.
Having to do with this story that again that they I mentioned yesterday.
I guess this also happened a lot of his on vacation.
Did it?
I think so.
Where this kid got shot and killed by the cop.
The Miami police officer.
And so we had angry black folk out there in the streets getting psychotic, jamming up on 95 protesting.
Even though of course the investigation is still ongoing and he just started a short time ago.
Even though the investigation is going on still let's get pissed off and go out there and screw up the streets.
What's not anywhere nearly as effective as the Cubans yet thank God but nonetheless let's go out there in the streets and get pissed off.
So she writes this inflammatory column this morning which I happen to think she's full of crap.
We don't know the fact of the case that's number one.
Number two this kid at a rap sheet as long as your arm and leg put together.
He was basically a young scumbag.
Not enough strength to stop a speeding bullet right.
Sherry Winston Winston tastes good like an asshole should remember those spots.
Oh yeah.
Oh my god I'm going to read this and you're in us and not right this second.
Everybody's going to puke when they see this okay Sherry when they hear this stuff and they haven't read the column.
Which they probably haven't because nobody reads the damn newspaper.
Thank God if everybody read the newspaper they'd be so depressed from the from the depressing crap that gets written here.
They probably blow their own brains out.
Not enough strength to stop a speeding bullet.
She's got all the answers Sherry.
She's got it all figured out.
I don't know about you.
But if I'm saying I'm from a cop and I'm chasing some scumbag who's got a stolen car.
And he reaches into his waistband which he's she don't like anymore.
She doesn't like that line about reaching into the waistband.
It's it's overuse.
She said it's overkill.
If you've heard that expression.
I'm thinking you know saving my own ass is what I'm thinking.
And you know I'm not all in an embarrased with cops in the first place.
Maybe a lot of trigger happy cops is no question about that.
And certainly we need to hear all the facts in this investigation.
But but Sherry your column is a piece of crap.
Here's a mobile in Pompo-do.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Oh yeah I would have liked to go on the hockey game but I couldn't have picked up tickets anyway.
No that's good then.
I might be there Saturday night anyway.
You were talking about that.
The government so so interested in financing John Henry's stadium.
Yeah.
Well a few days ago in Palm Beach post the county commission told them no we don't want to belong to the sports council that mainly benefits date in Broward County.
They said we don't want to be a part of it because it benefits those counties and we don't want to build a stadium for John Henry.
So in other words they just said to John Henry.
Right.
Excellent.
Exactly.
And I might see it the hockey game Saturday night.
I'll be there man with bells on.
Okay I'll see you Neil.
Thank you.
What section are you in again?
106.
Okay.
We'll see you Neil.
Bye.
Oh god we didn't choke that about the start of hockey season or maybe it's something in the vents in the air in here.
It's more likely.
Well and by the way down over by Greg's office which I was in here for the first time in a long time yesterday.
Thank God.
So the painting that's going on up here it's in the vents down there in that part of the building and man.
Woo!
You talk about inhaling not just fumes.
That's got to be one good excuse why he didn't hear that much you know and I wouldn't be either.
Grotesque.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil, can you hear me now?
Okay thank you.
567-0560.
Well at least he knows that we're both going to be there that's right.
We'll be there having a good time.
All these other people are busy praising God for eternity.
Praising God.
Oh god you're so good.
You're so good God.
We love you God.
Yeah what's for lunch?
No lunch just keeps us in it.
Just keep praising.
That's right we'll be down there burning in hell baby because God is a pissed off God even at Margie Felt's shit in her brilliant letter of the paper last week that I read on the year.
God hates people.
He hated Esau before he was even out of the room.
We already decided he hated him because this God is as sick and twisted as the people who invented him and the people who believe in him.
I'll pass thank you.
Hello.
I'm George W. Bliss Jr.
and your next president Lackin' or not.
And I'm here to talk to you about headache relief.
If you live in the South and suffer from occasional headaches why?
I recommend Bush cocaine powder for relief.
That's bloody funny for short.
You know I'm so spank and rich that a headache about all I can relate to when it comes to little voters like you.
I don't mind telling you that you'll contribute to my soft money campaign war chest with every package of Bush cocaine powder you buy.
Bush cocaine powder is not recommended for you spy Jews.
From a 1 to 560.
Oh!
W2M here's a bizarre facts from WKRR and WKZL.
Do we know where that is?
Where's area code 336?
Is this not a West Coast?
Because it's unsigned but it's got the facts thing it's got to the collaters.
But at any rate it says I like it better when you were slamming Greg Reed in the beastly just today the beastly suck ass.
Well we all know that.
Did you agree to stop harping on the OJ thing?
So I guess whoever facts this expected me to do a whole other show on us.
Did I agree to stop harping on it?
No.
No. What is there to say about it?
I started out this show today by tearing up that OJ autograph.
What else is there am I going to do that every day on this show?
No.
No. No.
As a matter of fact I wouldn't give that murdering set of a bitch that much publicity.
Is Big Fat Roy?
Being recommended for his support of the wife killer?
I would assume so.
Did you discuss the long-room or TV campaign with Greg yesterday?
When were you beginning your sweet ass on the tube just wondering?
So it says from WKRR or wherever the hell this is.
No name, no nothing.
No I will not be getting my ass on the tube.
The only things I put my ass on are either a seat or a tourlet seat.
Chair or a seat.
Those are the only things I put my ass on.
If you want to put your ass on a tube be my guest.
Two minutes past noon at 560 WQN the Hank Goldberg show at 2 o'clock talking baseball.
One more time maybe or is it three or four more times with Donnie B?
Six o'clock the Marlins at the X-Pose and then Kaplan after that ballgame after the disaster ends.
Believe me the pain from baseball will soon be over and just coincidentally almost at the same time.
The hockey season starts Friday night in the Panther game Saturday.
Let's hear it.
Can't you smell it in the air?
Can't you smell the excitement?
Huh?
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neal, how are you doing?
Great.
Listen, it's funny you talk about baseball season.
I'm so glad it's ending.
I'd rather shoot myself and listen to another game.
I don't know.
I don't know how the sponsors aren't suing the company for what they have.
What sponsors?
Wow, there you go.
You know what though as bad as it is I think I'd rather listen to that than to Brook because she is the worst.
Yeah.
She is the absolute worst.
Now listen.
Well, I guess what the Marlins games believe this or not haven't got very much number.
I think we got a 1.4 at night there.
But it's yours help beats the battle in Brook 0.9.
It's close.
No, I didn't get a chance to listen today.
I was calling in and the line was busy all day all morning.
I guess I gave away those games.
Yeah, I had a feeling it was a giveaway.
But that's okay.
We made it very entertaining.
The Panthers are really breaking my heart with what they've done.
I read in the paper that...
How can they break your heart with what they've done because they haven't done anything?
That's what I'm saying.
For me being a hockey fan coming from New York and growing up in Long Island where they went for a cup
and you come down here and get a team and I'm really excited to be able to go to a game.
I want the team and all of a sudden they start trading the players.
Yeah.
How to get the exclusive.
What do you think about Tampa Bay cutting out the game?
Alex Dagle.
Dagle.
He's a stiff.
He's a movie actor.
He don't want to be a hockey player.
He wants to be a movie actor.
He's another one of these guys.
He could play for every team in the league and he shows flash and promise and speed.
They don't do anything.
Any chance in hell we can get Alex a yashin?
Oh yeah.
They're paying $10 million a year for Burrey.
They wouldn't even pick up one of the kids from the O'Waver draft on Monday.
They're sure not going to pay $9-10 million a year for yashin.
And the last question I have, I don't want you to think I'm making fun of goofing on you.
But I've heard little things about a field coming back and I put it.
I can get them on the internet.
I think after 10 o'clock at night, is he coming to this market at a regular time or what's the story about?
What is it?
Ten at night to one in the morning and then they're going to replay his tapes from 9 to noon.
Oh, on a different station?
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Not on this station.
I think they're going to put him on this station on the sports nerd station.
That would have made too much sense.
What station is going to pick up?
I don't want to say 940, stupid talk.
Right, but okay.
I got you off.
I'm still listening to you.
Thank God.
All right.
Okay, God bless you.
And I'll pray for us.
I haven't spoken to one person that's not going to continue listening to us.
And there will be people who tune over and sample.
And by the way, I'm all through promoting them.
You know, I did more than my share.
Now let him go out and spend some money.
I'm amazed that I haven't seen anything yet.
No, I'm not amazed because, you know, AM radio, it's all the companies in this market.
That's the one thing I'll say for packs.
No, several things I'll say for packs.
And even though he was a real asshole on the phone.
But when we were over there for that short period of time,
they spent money on all those billboards.
I mean, money up the ass.
And they spent money on equipment.
We had a studio.
We had equipment that was superfluous.
That we didn't need and never used.
We had a, no, we had a dad player in the studio.
Anybody ever use it?
No.
Now, I looked at it and I said, what's that?
We told them we didn't need it.
They said, I take it anyway.
Yeah.
They said quit, quit this and that.
They had two of them in the talk.
Right.
Two of them that we never used either one.
But nevertheless, they spared no expense.
I mean, granted they had a, they had a bonehead for an engineer.
Well, no, they had, they had, first of all,
raw.
This is where that came from and thank God for that.
You know something?
Stop and think about that.
If it wouldn't have been for Roy Presman, the engineer over at PAX,
and we never would have had raw.
From its lowest to play, when we came over here for,
raw.
Foster.
Who's joined an OJ's hip.
And by the way, speaking of the engineering department over there.
What's the boss of that?
Yeah, they had him too.
He likes to schmooze, he likes to eat, he likes to flirt.
This is a guy who is supposed to be an engineer.
Every morning he'd come in and say the same thing.
I like to flirt, I like to schmooze, I like to eat.
I like to eat, I like to schmooze.
And of course, anything that's for free, he likes to schnooer also.
Anything that was for free, especially a meal.
Well, could he eat a free meal or what?
I mean, we eat a lot of free meals, but we're pikers compared to him.
He could eat a free meal or three or four at the time.
That max.
Couldn't do much else.
And that was one of the problems with PAX as they had such advanced equipment
that nobody knew how to use it.
Remember that?
Like the God, they many displeased.
They had over there, which of course the ones we got here.
I mean, we got something, we got these Sony's, or GO.
Yeah, but they had stuff that was like a thousand
that had actually like a full printout over the whole disc on there.
Tenons.
Yeah, they were great.
But nobody knew how to do them, how to dittle with them.
It's great you call up the engineer and they got to run and get to manual.
Well, let's see if we can figure this out.
Although also over there we had real computers and we had a computer guy who was on staff.
How do you like that?
The Paxton people, they had a computer guy who was on the payroll,
who was all he did for them,
was go around and troubleshoot and set up and fix and teach about the computer systems that they had.
It was like a real radio station and it could have been,
if it weren't being run by a demented lunatic by a crazy person.
Yeah, well, by several crazy people.
One thing about Pete, he's still there, baby.
He's still over there sucking in.
Here's the cruel spring.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, you are my favorite.
You are my god.
I am so happy that hot seasons here because last night I couldn't fall asleep.
Yeah.
What did I do?
I put on the baseball game.
And that is coma inducing.
What game was that?
OZ.
Oh.
And then that's it.
You were sleeping while a Marlon game was on.
I couldn't sleep so I put it on.
Oh, I see.
Oh man, I fell asleep.
It works every time like a charm.
In fact, maybe they could do it as a public service and show reruns all during the fall and winter.
Absolutely, but I have to tell you I'm the biggest hockey fan and I would love an opportunity to get the tickets.
You mean the tickets I gave away about 20 minutes ago?
No, you didn't.
Yeah, I did.
Oh.
To some woman, no less.
Only V.
Exactly.
I love you, Neil.
I'll see you there, pal.
No more hockey tickets, baby.
I gave them away.
Anybody wants to more though?
Oh, God.
Now he was a good guy though.
He's a little woozy from the sea in the Marlon game last night.
That'll make you woozy.
5.670560.
What number is he?
Woozy.
And pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line on a great Wednesday, man.
You can smell it.
There's something in the air.
We cleared the air yesterday and Greg reads off orifice.
We cleared the air in there.
Bluff Lindsay was in there.
He was going.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then screw Anne Winick.
She came in and she went.
Yeah.
And I said, OK, now we got an understanding.
Just like in Godfather 3.
How come for a movie that was supposed to suck so bad?
There are so many lines.
I'm always quoting from Godfather 3.
Always one and two.
But especially Godfather 3 has got a million great lines in there.
We have an understanding.
That was great.
The Bishop with the Corleon with the George Hamilton with the phony,
phony Maple League, Greaseball lawyer.
We have an understanding.
Then of course the Bishop didn't realize somebody else had a better understanding than he did.
Here's for a lottery.
Hello.
Hi.
Good morning.
Good afternoon.
Good evening.
I want to thank you once again for turning me on to that Freedom from Religion Foundation.
They're great.
I get their mailings and they're really terrific.
I guess I'm going to end up down under with you too.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to be really crowded.
We're going to have a hell of a party.
I'll tell you that.
Right.
I also wanted to correct one thing that heard you say this morning.
The way that people got out of the mental institution was not for Reagan cutting back the money,
but the ACLU sued to say that if a patient could be maintained on drugs,
it could not be kept in the institutions anymore.
And that's when they opened it door.
Now that I'm all out on the...
Maybe that was part of it, but also had to with Reagan budget come.
It was also a state...it's also a mostly a state.
Well, regardless of who done it, the fact is that they're out.
They did it and it was terrible.
But I enjoy your program and I'll just keep on listening.
And I'll pray for it.
Thank you.
Okay, 10 past 9 at 560 WQM.
I'll pray for your ball spot to heal up, but I don't think that's going to work.
You could sit around and pray, or you could be like Buddha, you know, just get your head shaved all together,
or you could go see my good buddy Charlie Alfieery, and he'll make you look like a man, like a real guy.
That's right.
Just...just...just...just...just...just...just tell me what your problem is.
It's theaters now.
From the producer of teaching Mrs. Tingle.
It's making the teacher tingle.
Hey, teach! Here's my new science experiment!
Here!
I will win!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, God!
Oh, God!
Oh, oh!
Oh!
Making the teacher tingle in theaters and tech shops everywhere!
We can vet by the way.
You ever hear any more about that teacher, uh, 13-year-old kid?
No.
You ever hear any more about that whore house that were running down the recendol with a 16-year-old cop?
No.
No.
I love the way people call them in a stone wall.
I all know there's this big and total investigation going on here, right?
Uh-huh.
How come we never hear any more about it?
Just, uh, it gets buried somewhere, swept into the old rug.
Speaking of people with a bad rug, by the way.
And speaking of...
Just...just...just...just...just...just...just...just...just...just...just...just...just tell me what your problem is.
Just had a spy report that Mr. Ego was always over there to see Hank yesterday.
It's a cool cat.
Which I find bizarre.
In fact, Hank probably found it very bizarre, too.
And I was told by a very authoritative source that he looks not a day over 90.
You see, it's one thing to extend, you know, the way you try to make yourself look
a little bit better with all the...the phony body parts, you know, the...the false, the snap on penis,
and the phony armpits, and the phony, uh, everything on the eyelids.
But then once it all starts drooping and falling apart, then they wake up on morning and it's like,
you just got 30 years older.
You know what I'm talking about?
Just...just...just...just...just...just...just...just...just...just...just tell me what your problem is.
And I'm thinking to myself, I think the one reason that I...
in a very bizarre, perverse way I admire this guy is because here Steve Kane,
who is still on the air, amazing enough, nobody listens to him, nobody knows where he is.
He's got 8 million sponsors under there, he goes on and BS is about.
And he's been in the market for...
I would say, let's see, we went on WS News in 78.
I would say about almost 20 years, almost as long as I have.
And never had any ratings.
Never any word to the average ratings of WS News?
No.
Even in books when the rest of us had Jai, Evil and Jerry Williams was there,
and the rest of the station had gigantic numbers, that he have any numbers?
No.
No.
It's astonishing.
And then of course, when they put him on in the morning on a stupid talk,
and he had like fractions, 0.6, even lower than the babbling brook.
I mean, that's quite an accomplishment, Steve.
I write that in my diary.
Not as low as John Ford, our paper, but lower than even the babbling brook,
a 0.6 with 50,000 ones.
And now he's on some station, which if you held a gun to my head,
I couldn't tell you the column is at station, 1470.
And I promoted the hell out of him when he first came back,
because I tried to promote everybody else, because I'm not paranoid,
because I know that they're going to fail anyway,
unless they got something going.
And you can...
How long ago did he come back on the air?
It's got to be a year, doesn't it?
After they blew him out from the INZ.
Has it ever showed up in any of the ratings that you got the new trend right here?
Does it show up at all?
No.
I mean, even like a tenth of a point, does it show up at all?
Not at all.
Nothing.
No demographic.
No nothing.
Not even a hundred plus.
Not even in dead people.
Does it show up?
No.
And yet, he's still making a living.
He's still there doing something.
And he's making a living.
You talk about a great BS artist.
You talk about a guy that's got loyal sponsors or just dumb people.
Maybe he's got one of those dumb magnets like our sales department's God, you know?
One of those little metal detector things.
They run around and they find dumb people.
Oh yeah, we'll sign up.
How much you want?
Here's the money.
We know you don't have any audience.
You have no ratings and nobody's going to come in.
But here, we'd like you to hear some money.
Go get your Facebook back together.
He really is miraculous.
I got to hand that to him, you know?
He's a survivor.
Not a talent, a survivor.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
I'm listening to you for a little while.
And you're really funny.
Yeah.
So you've been in a little...
I like not like that.
But so I was listening to that kid who got shot.
Yeah.
I was thinking maybe you're a little off base there.
About what?
I know maybe you shouldn't be criticizing their active civil disobedience when the guy was shot seven times.
Didn't even have a weapon on him.
Yeah.
So that's not right.
What's not right?
That's not right.
How did they know whether they had a weapon on them or not?
They didn't know.
Running away from the cops.
How did they know?
No, sure.
They don't know whether he has a weapon or not.
But you don't shoot him.
You don't shoot him step-by-step.
There's a lot of other officers who know that might have taken more care.
Yeah.
And maybe prevent the feedback guys from...
A back guy might still be alive.
There wouldn't be this whole protest in the first place.
So if this people want to slow down on the highway, why not?
If people want to go out there and screw up the county and inconvenience to everybody else,
what do you mean why not?
Because they're pissed off.
How about if they wait for the investigation?
How about if we wait for due process of law?
Does that make too much sense?
Maybe, but you know, they're also in a sense sticking up for your civil rights
by being out there and protesting.
That was that.
Because there might be...
How many cars have I stole in this week?
How about stealing a car?
You know, the kid was shot seven times.
He was running away from...
He was running away from the crime.
He was stolen a car.
He had a rap sheet as long as the guy named Stata Florida.
And he was running away.
He was evading arrest.
And he was told stop or I'll shoot.
And he reeks for his way span.
He put his hand in there.
And they shot him in self-defense.
That he had a gun.
The kid was running away.
Right.
Exactly. That's right.
And so, second of all, do you...
Suppose the kid gets away and maybe he does have a gun.
They don't know.
And they don't shoot him.
And he goes into somebody's house and holds them hostage.
Or suppose he goes to...
The hijack somebody else's car.
Because he's already stolen a one car.
And goes and kills somebody another car.
That sounds pretty dramatic.
Mostly.
Mostly they could have picked him up on another time.
And again, you're talking about the rap sheet of this kid.
Look at the rap sheet of this kid.
Look at the rap sheet of this officer.
In other words, they could have made an appointment to pick him up when it was, you know, maybe after lunch.
No, I think they...
Have a great life, pal.
Have a great life.
Okay.
No, just...
Yeah, pick him up any old time, you know.
See, I hate to break the news to you.
I believe that law enforcement exists for the purpose of protecting the public against scumbags, against murderers, arsonists, and other people.
Thieves, car thieves, these people.
Rapists.
That's what law enforcement's all about.
This crazy sheriff make Dougal over there in Lee County that everybody's all up in arms about.
This is just another one of these crazy religious notes.
That's all he is.
Same old tired crap.
You know, about abortion, about the feminists, about the fags, about the same old tired garbage.
That's not what anybody pays sheriff's for.
And of course, Ken Jenny doesn't understand that.
Just by Rudy Giuliani up there in New York with his guide, Dan Brooklyn, the Museum of Art, with his art exhibit.
He said, and you know something, every single one of the attorneys and the experts the people that they bring on, every one of them, whether they agree or disagree, whether the art exhibit is disgusting or tell whatever, they all agree on one thing.
He has what he's doing is illegal.
He's got no right to take away their funding.
It's already been appropriate.
He can't just unilaterally say, well, we don't like what you're showing and it's disgusting.
Therefore, I'm going to cut off the funding for the Brooklyn Museum of Art.
Bull crap, you can't do that.
He wants to be a dictator and people that want a pander to this sick twisted mentality.
If you don't want to see the guy, Dan Virgin Mary, with a bunch of elephant dung all over that goat, don't go see it.
That's all the simple as that.
Don't go see it.
Don't subsidize it.
Nobody's being dragged off the streets.
Oh, we find it very offensive.
Dan, what a shock that Cardinal Conner, by the way, that right wing fascist piece of crap, hypocrite.
What a surprise that he's one of the big opening up a big mouth up there, huh?
God, the pious Cardinal Conner.
That damn bag, I can't stand it.
Exactly. Couldn't have said it better myself.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
I have a few things I'd like to talk to you about.
First that last color, they're in the sharpest, nice and the drawer, is he?
Neil, I have a son that goes to school here in day county, however he's not in high school.
But I'm a PTA member and I try to get involved with what's happening there.
Well, they give us a calendar for the month.
So what is the school is giving out for lunch?
We don't like it. We pack our lunch.
You're talking about it?
Yes, not one time.
I said, okay, it's our health compoyal the other day.
I can't honey. Would you have to love?
She said, mommy, they gave me corn dogs.
I said, you know what? I don't give you a goddamn corn dog.
Corn dogs?
I said, I don't give you a damn corn dog.
What's the school that they just talked about?
Right.
Talk about nutrition. What are the disgusting?
Oh, I'm getting, I'm getting screened. It's just thinking about it.
He loves his vegetables.
I said, every day you have to eat your fruit or vegetable at school, honey.
They're giving it to you. Take it.
He says, mommy, they don't have vegetables.
I fast eat right here every day. They have a vegetable, honey.
So I thought he was lying to me.
I go into the cafeteria. I talk to the fat bee that's been in there.
I said, you know, this is the third year he's in the school.
I think in my son's a liar.
I said, but every day he comes from crying because I'm getting on his case about what he's eating.
I said, he's after the vegetable and the lady don't speak English.
She says to me, oh, yes, she does.
I swear to God, I went in there eight breakfasts this morning to say, lady, and Brandon says, yeah, that's him.
That's her mommy and she don't speak English.
He's asking for a vegetable. He's a fifth squeak.
He can't see the food. They just hand a tray over with whatever's on it.
Well, whatever's sloppy. They want to dish out.
So I'm really pissed off about that.
What, now, where is this?
This is in day county in Miami Lake.
You don't want to tell me this school all of Miami lakes.
Yeah. Yeah. Anywho.
I want to tell you about OJ.
Keep bashing the bastard because you know he's listening.
Oh, yeah, he is.
And I hope his knees hurt so damn bad he can't get up to turn the radio off.
Oh, man. Yeah.
And I hope he always does time calling here again because of beyond this as long as he was yesterday.
He's like for seconds until we know it was him.
I knew it was him and I was how come you didn't recognize that right away?
No. No, it just sounded like, you know, they all come to me.
Oh, that's terrible. You shouldn't have said that.
So listen, we're hoping somebody comes on with a mask and beats his kneecaps with a goddamn golf club.
Okay. All right.
I'll pass it along to his friend.
Roy.
Yes. Thanks. We know it.
So in other words, that list of crap that there were schoolers giving out.
It's maybe it looked pretty good, but that's not what they were serving.
Corn dog, huh?
Oh my god.
They want to give good, nutritious stuff there in a school.
Yeah, you should live so long what you people feed in the school is slop.
Slop. I've seen it.
Slop.
Crap.
Dreck.
And then the governor, like I said, and I only had one call about that from a woman.
It was the incense and rightfully so that the governor says, oh, I wonder how much somebody got smeared for that by the way.
Letting the coke people put the soft drink machines back into schools.
Just what your kids need is some more extra sugar.
There we go. Get them just bouncing off the walls.
Nobody cares.
Like I said, nobody, these are all little small things that nobody's supposed to care about, I guess.
We got bigger fish to fry, so to speak.
We got stadiums to build.
We got ballpark.
We got crazy people like Bob Eisenberg, who the only thing they know about in life is, oh, what's wrong with my mess?
No, not so much. I think the question is not what's wrong with the mess, Bob.
What's wrong with you? That's the thing I'm wondering about.
They could have goddamn hand grenades that they're throwing back and forth up and down the halls in this place.
And he'd still, oh, gee, do they still have a mathematical chance? What are we going to do?
And when I think about this place is one term that comes to mind a lot.
Two words. Emotional cripples.
You know what I'm talking about?
God, but anyway.
Oh, frosty nads.
I am guilty.
What the hell?
I got hit.
I killed the cold.
Here I am on the sand.
I will tell it all.
About a man who no longer can't be playing broke for talk.
Everywhere people stare, each and every day.
They see me on TV and I give them say.
Hey, you didn't hide that level day.
Testify I won't lie.
I can't help trailing.
Is this the main sense that by Johnny Coquette?
Yeah.
Now I see the journey.
Look at DNA.
Gather around all the ground.
Let me give them say.
Hey, you didn't hide that level day.
Hey, you didn't hide that level day.
Yeah.
Yeah, you saw really tough.
You know what those are.
It's a 23 of 5.
Here's a great passion.
No.
Here's one reason not to watch Brian Norcross is predicting a hurricane.
Al Sunshine is investigating why he's so fat.
Michelle Gillen just signed a 10-year contract with WFOR.
Mental health has cleared Angel Array to return to work.
Jim Buries is going to start his own boys in the hood segment.
Angel Array's mole is going to blow up like a balloon and explode all over the camera.
Oh man, can you just see that?
Al Sunshine is going back to high school so we can test the lunch food.
And WQAM Sam Duskbag is going to replace Jade and Escapade.
So it's his own segment.
I'm a nobody but I want to be somebody.
And speaking of that by the way, a great segue into another facts from Mike in Miami who says in this month issue a ocean drive magazine.
There's a picture of Sam standing next to a very attractive woman.
Here's a picture of Sam standing next to.
Here's a picture of Sam standing behind.
There's a picture of Sam hanging out with.
Here's a picture over here with Sam holding the Q&M microphone in front of.
Gillen the blank. Somebody famous.
The human appendage.
Here's Sam with somebody everybody knows.
Also, it says please give your listeners a rundown of what will be on the best of Meele CDs.
Will farmers daughter be on there? Yes, I believe it is. It certainly is.
And will you play? Yes, I will.
So that takes care of all of that.
I got to read this article.
Do I have time? Yeah, I got to.
Sherry Winston not enough strength to stop a speeding pull.
This is about the shooting of that kid that stole a car and had the long rap sheet.
And ran from the cop.
The mythical waste band.
She says, hey, didn't you know all the bad guys wear house knives, guns, dope, death in their waste bands.
Police officers learn to fear the waste band.
It's potential to hold destruction.
On a war Miami night.
In fact, in interrupt, I don't think they fear the waste band.
I think they fear what might be in it.
On a war Miami night, police officer Juan Mendes used deadly force to protect himself from the dreaded waste band.
The Antonio Butler 19 was later found to carry no weapon.
Miami police officers rallyed.
On a dark street in a split second, you would do the same thing they cried.
The waste band. The man was going for his waste band.
What else could the officer do?
That's Mendes' story.
The old waste band routine.
In the theater of the absurd, his tale is dark comedy at its blackest.
You should pardon that expression.
Did you hear the one about the fleeing suspect who even though he knew he had no weapon and knew where the police were hiding his heels, began climbing offense.
Then no weight you love this part.
Then the fleeing suspect turned and looking dead at the police officer reached inside his waste band.
Now that's classic.
Police report that Mendes pursued Butler because the car Butler was driving had been stolen at gunpoint the night before stolen at gunpoint the night before.
When he stopped Butler fled and Mendes pursued.
How many dead black men does it take to establish a quorum?
One, two, a hundred? One is enough enough.
How long can we, black or white, look for ways to distance ourselves from the dead?
He was stealing a car. I would never steal a car. It could ever happen to me.
He was running from the police. I would never run from the police. It could never happen to me.
We reached for anything to draw the distinction. Only bad people armed or unarmed get shot by the police. That's what we want to believe.
New York headlines quaked with news of a black man shot in the doorway to an apartment unarmed.
Armadu D. L.O. 22 stood in the doorway of a Bronx apartment building waiting for a friend.
For black folks, New York's Chicago Los Angeles doesn't make community. Black folks shot by bad cops. That makes community.
D. L.O. was as much as Butler still rationalized away the pain.
He was as much as Butler, even though of course it was in the New York.
I would never stand in the doorway. I would never wait for a friend. It couldn't happen to me.
On Tuesday, Carlos flooded WEDR's radio lines, venting their pain.
A police officer called. People need to understand that police are not trained to shoot the gun or knife out of somebody's hand.
Police are trained to shoot the kill in order to protect themselves in the community.
The next caller, a woman asked how the young man was a threat to anyone if he was running away.
If a police officer believed the suspect was carrying a gun, running through a while to a neighborhood wouldn't make sense for the officer to stop that person by the means necessary.
Maybe the suspect is heading for my house. Maybe he's heading for yours.
But the I thought he was reaching for his waistband routine is overused.
Mendez says he believed the man carried a gun in his waistband. That's his story and no doubt he'll stick to it.
In the meantime, South Florida moves forward. Meals will be cooked. Children will be dropped off at school. Lottery tickets will be bought. Life goes on.
For those of us who are black, though, the hazel uncertainty grew a bit thicker when Butler fell dead in the street.
If you can't make sense of the killing, how can you be sure you won't be next?
No matter how straight you live your life, each dead body encircles your heart with a bull's eye.
When will I be at a gas pump and get mistaken for the bad guy, so, Shuri?
When will the buckle of my waistband be mistaken for a weapon? When?
Now, here comes the part that just I don't know whether to scream or just make howling noises.
Black mamas and daddies provide a powerful spiritual love for children.
Each deaf challenge is then to instill courage, honesty, teach their children to be strong.
All the parenting in the world, however, won't make a man strong enough to stop a bullet, especially when his back is turned.
So, the problem in the black community or in the community is large.
It's not the fact that we've got all of these people, all of these thugs, all of these criminals, black and white.
Many of whom don't even have daddy or mama anymore, but especially no daddy.
And this line about black mamas and daddies provide a powerful spiritual love for children.
Do you want to laugh or cry when you read that?
How many families, how many households do we have just here in South Florida?
Or there may be a mama who was maybe, in some cases, maybe never married to daddy, but there ain't no daddy.
So, everything is the fault of the police, okay?
It's the fault of the police who want to go out there and kill black people.
And last night on the 60 minutes before they had the part about big pop that they're in about all the rock groups,
they had a thing on there with Dan Rather interview this third punk, this, in the in the case, that's going to be on trial in Texas for the lynching and the killing of that black man there.
And that made me nauseous. That made me sick just to watch it.
And of course, we're supposed to feel sorry for this punk, you know, all while, you know, he only wishes that he could have done something and could have resisted what they were doing and interfered.
And that makes you nauseous. Sick. No matter who the victim was, but especially.
And I'm one of those people that doesn't believe in hate crimes. A crime is a crime. If you kill somebody, they're just as dead, whether they're black or white or straight or gay or yellow, whatever they are.
Let's start. Yeah, it's prosecuting people who do crimes.
Who the hell, what difference does it make what the motivation was?
So, I was grossed out and nauseated by that, but to start trying to compare every time a cop shoots a black person and then to bring in the thing in New York,
which was obviously a grotesque overkill, if you pardon that term. And a compare it with this is ridiculous. This kid stole a car at gunpoint.
Evade the rest runs and just like the article says, who hell knows where he's going? Who knows how many other weapons he might have somewhere or if he's got weapons on him?
What we're supposed to stop like the guys says before make an appointment while we'll be convenient for you for me to come to your home, giving the address and I'll come and we'll pick you up then when it's convenient for you.
The public is tired of excuses, Sherry. The public is tired of excuses and they're more tired of scumbags, whether they're black or white. And they're more tired of a polygist like you.
Who can't keep a packer in his pants?
She told her friends that she showed them her ruffles and laces and white fluffy darts. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, rescue send later from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her, I let the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front. If he has her fun lightly, she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to fence.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so quick and then she'd bend over and suck on his candy so tasty made of butter sky.
And then he spread with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go for yourself.
So it's not on air. It's the day we played it then. I will have to play it a lot. It's not on the best of CD. How about that? Which by the way will be in the spec stores this Friday, October 1.
And you can pick up the CDs and the cassettes and all the specs all over town and will be at the specs in the sawgrass this Saturday, no to two.
So anyway, in the article I was in a couple of days ago and I heard about this shooting that Sherry Winston is so outraged about.
I mean, how stupid can you be to lump everything together? Arthur McDuffie to bring it up again. Arthur McDuffie was murdered. Everybody knows that.
There was no question about that. Arthur McDuffie was murdered 19 years ago. Does that have anything to do with this? No, of course not.
And then a brilliant comment by the self-serving Bishop Victor Curry who was there as the cheerleader for all of this civil disobedience and malcontent even before the investigation is completed.
He says there are no black folks shooting Cubans. It's Cuban shooting black folks and apparent reference to men this. Domendas is Hispanic. His nationality could not be confirmed.
That's productive. Cubans are shooting black folks. How do you like that? So says the Bishop Victor Curry. And of course, black folks don't shoot Cubans. In fact, before black folks shoot anybody, they stop and make sure they ask for ID and the Czech green cards and visa master card and then they'll shoot.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hello. Yes. I think it's always regrettable when anyone gets shot or even gets beat up by the police. But people get to understand you just don't run from police officers. Nothing good can come out of that.
Yeah, and you just don't steal cards. You just don't do heroin and all the other things that this guy has done. Exactly. I mean, you know, people flip out when I tell them, you know, not to bring up the past, but you know, when I tell them, I think Rodney King brought that down on his own head, you know, because I mean, we're not starting mixing all these, like I said, about the ortho McDuffie thing. Don't start bringing in Rodney King and every time an incident happens, you got to start comparing all the other ones. This was one specific incident that's got to be discussed and decided.
And they own based on the fact that they're similar in the fact that they were both resisting arrest and writing case violently. You know, I just.
I can write a case violently against that whole bunch of cops that are on video beating the crap out of him. Do you understand or two other guys in the car with him and they both put their hands up and they go, you got me and they didn't get hurt at all. This guy.
Let me say it again. Have a great day. Okay, Mr. Chronic. He wants to redo the whole Rodney King thing, which almost every one of us with a brain with an IQ larger than our fingernail has seen the Rodney King beating a million times.
And you're trying to justify. So in other words, as long as you don't resist. Okay, resisting is one thing.
Did was he was he a danger to them and there's a whole bunch of these cops and they're like like the one that we saw was a couple weeks ago. Where now was it where they were beating this guy just beating the crap out of him over and over and over again.
See, I don't support bad cops in her plenty of mine. There's bad cops all over the place. This guy, I have an LA. He's always going to be on the side of the cops as long as you just submit and you sit there quietly into whatever else.
Regardless of the circumstances, then there'll be no problem.
As long as you take a good weapon and beaten.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Carl Springs. Hello.
Neil, yes sir.
Can I give you another perspective on this?
Yes. The whole first of all, a guy that called in as a jackass. He doesn't have a spack street. The cop shot seven times. The guy got hit twice.
Okay, so tell him to get a spack street. The other thing is the fact that he was reaching for his waistband is one thing. The other thing is he was jumping off fence into a residence.
Had the cop not taken action and he killed somebody in the residence. Later on that night killed somebody. The community would have went back to the police officers.
Why did you shoot him?
So for the police officers and a lot of people don't understand this, it's a no win situation out there. You're in a situation where you have to make a SNAP judgment. Sometimes it's wrong. Sometimes it's right.
For the most part they make the right decisions. And even when they're wrong and even when somebody gets shot and they shouldn't have been shot.
Yes, it's a terrible thing. But every time somebody gets shot by a police officer and it was an accident, it's not racially motivated. It was an accident.
Even if this guy has found it, have acted improperly, which I don't think he did. Did he act improperly because he made a mistake or did he act improperly because he didn't like black people?
There was a difference. And people have to stop using everybody.
Speaking of OJ, this has become a convenient excuse. Every time a cop goes after somebody who's of color or who's a minority, there's race involved, which is anybody with a brain knows that that's not true.
It happens sometimes. I'm sure that it involves race sometimes, but not every time. And you know what I thought? You say it all the time that friends, dresser, perpetuates anti-semitism.
Right.
I hate to say it. Black people that make excuses perpetuate their own...
Races.
No question about it. This column by Sherry Winston this morning makes my blood boil.
It's unbelievable. It's unbelievable.
It's unbelievable.
Every...there's always some excuses.
Reaching for the waistband.
I would...
What would you be reaching for your waistband for? Are you adjusting your crotch or something? I mean, what would you be reaching for?
I mean, how the hell are they supposed to know in that split second? And to push easy somebody that's reaching for their waistband, who just got through stealing a car at gunpoint?
Right. You don't know whether he's armed or not.
Maybe they're also supposed to bring a psychic along with them who can tell them whether they suspect his arm or not.
Everybody can be a Monday morning quarterback and you sign sight and second guess everybody.
But you know what? Those people are not out on the streets making the judgment.
Said the police officer wait until the guy gets off around and then fire back?
No way.
It's unfortunate, but people...
You have to understand. Officers have to take action in a...
Literally a...
In fact, it's been...
You don't have time to think about that.
Speaking of bigotry, if that line that I read again from this Victor Curry, if that's not bigotry,
there are no black folks shooting Cubans. It's Cuban shooting black folks.
What the hell is that? If that's not bigotry?
I would love for them to find out that this officer's wife was black.
Then what would they all say?
Maybe he's Puerto Rican.
You know, the guy who committed the crime was a scumbag.
And he was getting ready to jump and I don't even care about the long record.
He's got a long record of drug arrest, robbery arrest.
The waistband doesn't even concern me.
If I'm looking out my window and I see somebody black white or any color jumping over the open life fence to come in my property...
He can be a white as a fallout of snowing. Nothing different would happen.
That's right.
So I just ridiculous. I'm sick and tired of the goddamn excuses.
Wake up, start taking responsibility for your own actions and stop blaming everybody else. It's a bunch of B.S.
Amen.
See you.
Okay.
It's a little hysterical, but why the hell not?
You know, always transference of blame.
Always transference of everything is all we're so picked upon.
We're so put about...
How about cleaning up your own goddamn act, Jerry Winston?
All this bull crap about black mamas and daddies providing a powerful spiritual love.
How about staying in a home and raising those children?
How about a little bit of responsibility?
And I'm not saying that only for blacks, but there's certainly a hell of a lot of it.
They disproportionate amount of it with absentee daddies.
I mean, this column is an insult to anybody's intelligence.
But then again, would that never stop anybody from, you know, putting something in our local newspapers?
Most of what's in our local newspapers is an insult to anybody with intelligence.
Here's Hollywood.
Any idea on this?
Okay, sir.
Along those lines, you know, Sunday there was an article in the paper about a guy.
His name was Raul Candelaria, who broke into a...
You picked for the pirates in the Yankee.
I'm sorry.
Now, he broke into a guy's house in plantation who happened to be a cop.
He broke in at three o'clock in the morning after him.
And then, him and another friend broke into this cop's house after they had been analyzed or broken into another house earlier and stolen two guns.
I'm surprised you haven't read about this because it's been in the papers every sense.
But this was in the Miami Herald.
Yeah.
They did an article about it.
Now, the cop is a woken at three o'clock in the morning by a loud crash in his home.
He gets his gun out of his nightstand.
He goes to investigate what this noise was.
Right.
He's confronted by the two guys and he points the gun at the guy and he says,
Freeze, I have a gun.
Raul tells the cop, so what, I have a gun too.
Yeah.
And of course, the cop fires two shots right in the chest, killing him.
All right.
Well, in the article, Sunday's article, a show picture of the guy Raul.
And under the caption of the guy's picture, they lift him as victim Raul Candelaria.
Yeah.
I swear to God, you know, shooting victim.
Shooting victim.
As if the cop was a perpetrator protecting himself as a cop.
How dare the cop shoot some intruder when it was house that had a gun?
Yeah.
That had just stolen two guns.
Now, if that weren't bad enough, his mother, who has a different last name, by the way, said,
Why couldn't, why did the cop have to shoot to kill him?
Why couldn't he have shot him in the leg or something?
Why didn't he take target practice, you know, a little bit better so he could have shot him in the leg and disabled him and shot him in the earlobe or something.
If you're in your house at 3 o'clock in the morning, you're allowed crashing.
You're going to blow their crap away.
If you know that if somebody tells you that they've got a gun, especially, or if you see it, you're going to blow their crap away.
This guy, you know, had 40 arrests before the time he was 18 years old.
Great.
40.
40.
Now, obviously, he didn't get arrested every time he came into the crime.
So that's just the amount of times he was arrested.
Yeah.
40 out of 80 probably.
Now, between him and the other kid, you're talking about that shot.
I tell you what, I'm going to sleep whole hell of a lot better tonight.
There you go.
You know, one other thing.
You know, you have to look at the other one.
Okay, Roy Foster.
What did he ever do after the White Stevens and got hurt?
Nothing.
He was a fraud.
Yeah.
He got elected to two pro-bulls while he had White Stevens and got an important friend.
Yeah, but he got an important friend.
He got an important friend.
Have a great day.
Yeah.
For the waiting outside the city, that's what you do right now.
I am happy for the other day.
It's so hot in the middle of the hour.
It's so hot.
It's so hot.
It's so hot.
I'm happy for the other day.
I'm happy for the other day.
I'm happy for the other day.
I'm happy for the other day.
I'm happy for the other day.
I'm happy for the other day.
I'm happy for the other day.
I'm happy for the other day.
I'm happy for the other day.
I'm happy for the other day.
I'm happy for the other day.
I'm happy for the other day.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
That's what he says.
He didn't say that.
He didn't say that.
When people say these things in behavior this way, that perpetuates the attitude that he's right.
well
like people who say these things but that's the way he makes it
and that's just not the fact
not all black people believe that we understand that i think you know
the other thing uh... out there and he was a bill of society and that type of
thing obviously he was a jerk
that's clear
that obviously with that that i don't think that's a privilege
i don't believe that he was anything other than what he was
you know what i'm saying
and and it bothers me that people think that all black people are difficult
to fall in line with these people out here screaming and hollering and carrying on
and not all of us are
because we see things and i would say the vast majority of us see things as they are
now having said that i would also like to say that
there are many of us two or two who actually experience things every day
that uh... make it clear to us that there are prejudices and there are things
that happen because of who we are or the color of our skin as opposed to who we are
and that bothers me you know what i'm saying
i'm not having a problem with this guy that
well the president has done all kinds of people after experience of it
because that's the nature of the world that's the nature of this country
there's lots and lots of prejudices and bigotry
but you can't live your whole life based on that
and believe me i don't you know i've been working for my entire life
i take care of myself and as i see it the vast majority of people like that
do like me black people do exactly the same thing
you see those people on the TV
and you assume that that is what reflective of everybody and it's not
you know what i'm saying that is a small
well it was a small there was a lot of people out there
right there was a couple hundred people
what does that in the in the larger scheme of things what is that
nothing that's what i'm saying so i just want them
everybody to understand don't look at a small group of people
and assume that all of us are the same
right
okay thanks we don't feel better
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
here's a mobile and four-letter deal hello
and you how you doing pretty good sir
and you know you a fan of Chris rock at all
a little bit well until the MTV awards show
okay well before that he had a CD and a you know bring the pain on HBO special
right and on their Chris expressed the sentiment that he said
i love my black brothers that i hate me some niggas that's exactly what he said
that's not a word that i use in my vocabulary
i do well i don't and i used it to apply to people who fit into that category
okay just like i use the word faggot in my vocabulary too
cool now the the point that i was that i'm trying to make is this
not everybody that's black is a career criminal not everybody that's black isn't
and if you want to get a good reading for the way that cops look at criminals
black or white talk to a black cop ask them how brotherly they feel in a situation
where they're chasing a black man down the street who may have you know stolen a car at gunpoint
are they going to stop and say this is a black man there for i'm going to cut in some slack
and if he reaches into his waistband is this guy going to hesitate to blow his damn brains out
of course not i don't think so
black or white doesn't matter and if you talk to black policeman and i have
they will tell you that being a cop and seeing what they see makes them anti black in their own way
right then they'll question about it
and it's just like the thing that you had said about friend restrior i happen to be Jewish
and i agree with you 100%
and i agree with you
and i agree with you
and i agree with you
and i agree with you
and i agree with you
and i agree with you
and i agree with you
and i agree with you
and i agree with you
and i agree with you
and i agree with you
and i agree with you
i told his story about getting stopped many many many years ago in liberty city when i was trying to take that short cut to the polo
across 79 street back in the days when i worked
this is a long long time ago
with w's news
and get stopped and why did i get stopped because it was a car with a white person in it in black neighborhood
and there were two cops, one white and one black
and the black cops said to me
he says you better not try to come through these these animals here will kill you
this was a black cop said that to me
in Liberty City. I said okay and I hold hands.
Pregidist self-test. Question number 36.
Patio Duel and Sal Bernstein are at a bar.
Which one refuses to buy the first round of drinks
and which one is puking in the men's room?
It's a one for a teen at 560 WQAM. 560 out of 560,
pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Hello. Yes sir.
In the eye. Good. No, you got some signal. Yeah.
Paid 60 in the local section. I'll find it.
There's a couple of articles there that I think it pretty much tells the tale of both sides of these
tops. Top schools and Broward get rewards. No, no, no, no, no.
Counting out money for Canine draws protege.
The pay 60? Oh, 60. I'm so mesmerized by the front page. I couldn't make that.
Teen gets six to eight months in Boka Dragon. Now look down in the left
lower section there. When that's in there, and Port Helena.
Yeah, a lot of this is cleared in two shooting deaths. Yeah.
Yeah. And then the one who is that definitely tackles a 14 year old boy school.
Sheriff's deputy tackled a 14 year old boy in the middle school hallway when the boy reached
for a loaded gun in his waistband. Douglass Michael Williams was arrested on
Monday on felony charges of carrying concealed weapon and possession of a firearm by a
felon. He had a previous arrest on a burglary charger pointed the sheriff's office.
Another student in Murray Middle School notified officials Williams had a gun
and loaded it in a bathroom install during lunch.
Yeah, boy.
Isn't that something beauty? All right, hey, Neil, nice talking to you.
Okay, thanks. Yeah. Where do you have that gun?
In his waistband. No. Oh my god.
What Sherry Winston tastes good like a jackass should.
What's your gonna think of that? Huh?
What you be thinking of that, Sherry? You jackass, you simple, then you idiot.
You I guess you don't read your own newspaper reader.
That old famous waistband says Sherry.
We were tired of hearing that waistband, but you know something sweet.
That comes as a very convenient place to stash your piece in your waistband.
Not in your crotch, not in your rectum, but in your waistband, not in your pocket.
Because God forbid it. You go off in your pocket. You don't understand.
Oh boy. Who knows what it might hit in there?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the 18 T line.
Like we've said before, when is the time going to come?
People in this country will start taking responsibility for their own goddamn actions.
And you know, I mean, there's no question that if there's racism involved,
that there's prejudice involved, and you can prove it.
Sure. Somebody's got to pay for that.
But when you got scumbags running around on the loose, stealing people's cars,
doing armed robberies, running around with loaded weapons.
And all of a sudden you got these people.
It's a racial thing. We got to take his side. This is wrong.
It's a Cuban shooting black people.
Isn't that that's kind of ironic, isn't it?
Cuban shooting black people? What's the difference?
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello? Yes, sir.
Can we try some perspective for just a second, Neil?
I'm listening.
I mean, the people, this stuff that I'm hearing on the radio and the people that are calling in,
it's just not really racism.
There's a big difference between racism and being prejudice.
Racism is when you practically get your entire race of people wiped out.
When someone breaks into your home and shoots your entire family and then leaves and blows up your house,
okay, that's racism.
Get in shot because you're a robber or getting shot because you're a thief.
That's not racism. That's a cop doing his job.
You know, right? Racism isn't when an entire race almost gets wiped out.
If you commit a crime against somebody because they happen to be black
or the other way around, that's racism.
If that's the reason for it.
I mean, to me, it sounds like that's the reason.
If somebody rent an apartment, well, a lot of racism is.
I'm not talking about genocide.
We're talking about racism.
Yeah, but I mean, if you kill an entire or a genocide,
you kill it up in the dictionary, sir.
G-E-N-O-C-I-D-E.
Right next to waistband.
Hey, by the way, a lot of people want to keep a dictionary.
Instead of, but there would be a model.
There's a great idea for you here in America.
Instead of a gun in your waistband, how about a dictionary?
Oh!
There you go.
Stick a dick, dictionary in your waistband.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, what's going on, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I tell you what, all these white people call in pretending like racism does against this.
Next to me.
Nobody has said that.
You know, nobody has said this.
You don't really know.
I'm an educated black man.
I got an MBA from University of Tennessee.
Yes, I have a nice car.
I couldn't tell you how many times I got stopped in Miami.
So I'm from my ship.
Reloading them.
Okay, great.
He said bull rap.
And of course, who knows how many times I got it.
Can't say bull crap on a year, sir.
Sorry.
And he's going to say, oh, you see, come me off.
I would listen to her for five minutes if you, you know,
when the said bull crap.
I'm sure one time I did get on, but that's where it goes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
We know that there's racism, racism, but that doesn't mean that every time a black person
is shot in a commission of a crime or a commission of pursuing him as the
as the perpetrator of a crime.
That doesn't mean that there was racism involved in that.
It's like the boy who cried wolf.
That's that's a very, very large point in the middle of all of this.
Is that if we're just going to keep crying every time something happens,
then it's going to fall on deaf ears when there is legitimate racism,
which as you say, there is loads of.
There's no question.
It's a bigoted goddamn country, sir.
It's a bigoted world.
But Jesus Christ, and here the guy wants to bring back Rodney King and the newspaper article,
Arthur McDuffy, give me a break.
Has this incident got anything to do with either of those episodes?
No.
Of course not.
Oh my god, little Joey.
What's going on, Neil?
How you been?
Doing yourself.
Okay.
Getting ready for a little hockey season starting Saturday.
Yes, sir.
Unfortunately, no one else around here has a clue.
Nobody cares.
All they wanted was the free tickets and that was the, there's no conversation.
Did you see that little blip in the newspaper today, or saying about how they
was that they can barely show up the Miami arena or the new American Airlines,
and that they've dropped a...
Oh, they're having trouble with the heat, by the way.
They're having a lot of trouble so no stickets out.
They said that they don't even have 10,000 season tickets.
To the heat?
For the heat.
Right.
And that...
They need one, like, another 1,000 tickets out of the...
Never happen.
And that deal with the Panthers, they had 16,000 season tickets last year and they're
down to 13,000 years.
Right.
It's off 20%.
Yep.
Well, you know...
They're the sports in this town.
And what a great job of building that great new arena over there at the, in Miami too.
Yeah.
It looks great.
I mean, we have four retas for 14.
Yeah, we can have another arena on every street corner, like I said.
I mean, forget about schools and forget about giving kids a decent lunch and forget about,
all the kids in portable classrooms.
Let's just keep building stadiums and arenas.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, like, in my wife's, in instance, she has two sets of students in the morning afternoon.
They have one textbook for both kids.
And none of the kids can take the books home to study.
Nice.
Oh, that's beautiful.
Unbelievable.
That is beautiful.
And she says that that's the least of her problems.
He's probably got what?
30, 40 kids in the class?
She's got 27 and 28.
Yeah, close to 30.
Each session, yeah.
And Shannon's still way too many for it.
The school was built for 800 and there's 1900 in this school.
Oh, beautiful.
Beautiful.
Hang in there, Joey.
Anyway, something more important.
Yes.
I need to find a different way to get to Las Vegas in America West,
because I cannot believe that I suffered through the same thing I did four months ago when I went out there.
Yeah.
How can you get out there without going through that, through the horrible mess?
Yeah, you have to go through Dallas.
Take, uh, I won't know.
Take Delta.
Don't take America.
Take Delta through Dallas.
Oh, through Atlanta.
Yeah, is that, and there was an, I don't know who was.
They wanted to go through Chicago until I didn't want to do that.
No, that's a look at the map.
I mean, go through Chicago.
First of all, it takes three hours just to get to Chicago.
Yeah.
And then you got to sit there for an hour.
It's way out of the way.
Don't do that.
Go through Dallas is the best way.
It takes seven hours altogether,
but it's only about five hours of flying time.
I'll believe that.
That's the five hours of being stuck in that hellhole.
Right.
It's a piece of cake.
Oh, all right.
I'll let you know.
Don't do it again.
Take care.
See you.
They all hate America worse, baby.
They all hate them just like me.
I'll never fly them again.
Five, six, seven, oh, of course.
Why do I keep saying that?
I hear so many people saying I was sitting in the airport
the other day and a woman came rushing by and I'm never going to fly that
airline again.
We all say that.
But when push comes to shove, how many choices have you got?
We got the star alliance and this alliance and your ass alliance and, uh, you know,
and they're all in bed together.
And so the routes are very limited.
And if you want to go from point A to point B,
you maybe have a couple of choices and that's it.
Sometimes you don't have any choices.
Like this American thing,
everybody I talk to, uh, screaming,
yelling bloody murder.
How much they hate American Airlines,
and including me.
And you know what?
We're still flying them every now and then.
Tragedy.
Here's Sunrise.
Uh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
And first I want to say I love your show.
Um, I was talking about that newspaper article that I've already wrote about the, uh,
not enough strength to stop a speeding bullet.
That's the one.
And, um, you know, she's saying that, oh, just because she reached in.
Where's the end?
That the cops had no right to shoot him.
She'd have been crying something different if that would have been
her house and then when it standoff,
then the guy shot one of her,
her husband, her kids or whatever.
She'd have been crying something else,
fighting, you shoot them and pressing the lawsuit and everything else.
She'd have been crying bloody murder if the,
if the cop happened to be her son and happened to be a black cop,
and it went and the same guy that he was chasing would actually
had a gun in the waistband and shot and blown the cop away and it happened to be her son.
She'd have been singing a whole different tune then.
Exactly.
Why why is it we've always got people apologizing for criminals?
I don't understand that.
I don't either.
First, I think they should think all the criminals can make murder and rape,
send them out to a football game and electrocute them on the stand.
There you go.
That's the way.
Get a 90-year easy.
There you go.
Okay, thanks, pal.
You have a good one.
See you.
Your rich santa is out there to moderate.
In fact, he can drive everybody to the event.
Then you won't have to worry about the electricity.
We'll get Ted Kennedy and the rich santa is to drive the limos.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, there ain't no prejudice.
There's plenty of prejudice.
There's plenty of brain-beginery and plenty of racism.
But when somebody's a scumbag, when somebody steals cars,
when somebody is doing arm robberies, when somebody's a murderer,
stop making excuses for them.
Jesus Christ, I don't hear anybody crying about these three scumbags in Texas
who have already been given the death penalty and the third one's trials getting started now.
I don't hear anybody, any white people saying,
oh gee, you're picking on them.
They, you know, horrendous lynching and killing of this black man.
I don't hear white people see them demonstrating over there that they're getting a bum rap.
Get with it.
There every time I look at all the mass murders,
I can't think of one black, oh, they had the one guy in Atlanta years ago.
What the hell was his name?
His name is Skisbee.
Remember the one who was calling all the kids?
Oh, this is years ago in Atlanta.
Mass murder, but all the other mass murders are white.
Ted Bundy, John Wayne Gacy, Ted, what do I say, Ted Bundy?
They're all they all blending together.
Charles Manson,
the guy in Milwaukee, what the hell was his name?
I came in there, Jeffrey Dahmer.
Oh, white.
I'm here, anybody screaming, oh, Jesus, people are more framed.
It was a bum rap.
I don't hear anybody saying that.
I don't see anybody marching and protesting and blocking off traffic
because those people got what they had come into them.
You're going to be a dangerous criminal.
That's the thing.
A dangerous criminal and a danger of other people's lives.
Then guess what?
You're going to get problems.
Oh, that line about black,
momma's, and daddy's with the powerful spiritual
offer children.
I'm going to tell you, it just makes me want to scream.
People keep calling about that article.
Where is it?
Where can they find it?
It's on the bottom of the front page of the local section in this morning
Sun Sentinel, the front page of the local section section B
in this morning Sun Sentinel.
Sherry Winston, not enough strength to stop a speeding bullet.
Winston tastes good like a...
Beckham should.
Spread him and say cheese.
There, pace.
The bad don't think I'm lacking anymore.
No!
You used to watch me shave.
Now you do stare at the floor.
On their penis.
I don't like you anymore.
You used to be you and me.
A paper towel and a dirty mask.
That's all it needed to get back.
Now it seems nice.
Change the change that I think that you're the one who's lying there.
I don't like you anymore.
He thinks.
They're right.
I don't think I'd like you anymore.
This is when you get to drink it.
You put me places I've never been before.
They're right.
I don't like you anymore.
No.
You're shaving my whole face.
Oh, black.
That's what he said.
560 WQ.
I mean, the guy's name was Williams.
They have the first name or not in Atlanta.
Let's make any difference.
He was the black mask murderer.
I'm not really sure what the outcome of that was.
It was still dubious.
But nevertheless, I think they fried his ass.
Anyway, Sherry Winston's column is published Sundays and Wednesdays in the Scum Sentinel.
And it says here she can be reached at
Swinston at SunCentral.com.
Or by phone, 954-217-7156.
954-217-7156.
So, you know, whether you agree with her article or if it got you angry,
you disagree and thinks she's full of crap.
You can call in the relay your message because she's kind enough to put that in the right there in the paper.
So she's obviously looking for some feedback a response.
As in Winston, it tastes good even though it's full of crap.
Here's a Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Listen, there's one thing that people like, you know, I haven't heard mentioned, you know, concerning all these basically apologists.
This phargin is decorated officer.
I had four kills, which I mean, there's been people that serve military careers without four kills.
Right.
There's officers that serve 40 years without trying to get through.
It's all more ultimately ruled justified after internal affairs investigations.
I understand that, but how many cops, how many cops shootings have you heard of maybe one or two that were approved on justifiable?
The only thing that's unjustifiable nowadays is like, oh, so you're saying you're different?
You're saying the trigger happy cop is that what you're saying?
What's that?
You're saying he's a trigger happy cop?
I think so.
And I think that if you think so.
There is definitely in today's, you have any information about any of the other three, four cases?
No, but statistically.
Okay, thank you.
Yes.
The article is on our website.
I have no.
Oh, the article of by Sherry Winston is on our website is right now.
Great.
NewRongers.com.
That's our website.
Not enough strength to stop a speeding bullet by Sherry Winston.
Just a just a road test and so typical and so counterproductive to what what's the point?
What is this accomplished?
Just like a refbishop curry with his comments about oh, there are no there are no black folks shooting Cubans.
It's Cuban shooting black folks.
There are just just remember that we have better aim.
Yeah, they have better aim.
There are no black folks shooting Cubans.
Okay.
I'll keep that in mind.
Wayne Williams.
Wayne Williams.
Thank you very much.
That was the name.
Where they had the mass murders of all those young kids.
Guys.
Where we going?
Oh, here's a mobile in the key.
Argo. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I've called you only twice before on a subject that you mentioned and nobody ever makes a comment on it.
Okay.
I don't know this come begs how his family was.
I don't know if he had three, four or five brothers and no father or didn't know who was father.
I don't either.
But it goes back to what you said.
We have to have mandatory sterilization.
I mean, that's the you can't be having three, four or five kids in on welfare.
And no parents running around.
No father, no father, no mother.
And it's just we have to start at that the start.
If you're going into the hospital for your second kid and you're still on welfare and you still don't know who the father is,
sorry, sweetheart, we're going to tie your tubes.
There you go.
And when you're mature enough to get a job and you'd off a welfare, and I'm not saying you have to have a man in your life,
but at least be responsible and just stop having children.
That you can't support and you don't want to be.
And most of these kids, they throw up.
But you've got to understand the lower the education level, the less awareness there is about about plan parenthood, about birth control,
about all these things that we're talking about.
And of course you got to write wing in this country, why not keep everybody in ignorance?
True.
Just keep them in ignorance and they won't be screwing around.
You know the other two times you mentioned mandatory sterilization, no one called in common.
Nobody has ever come out of the only one that called instead of...
Well, why do you mean the only times I've mentioned I've been talking about it for 15 years now, I've been saying that.
Well, that's what I'm talking about.
It's forced sterilization.
Yeah, it has to be.
And a new phone.
Okay, thanks pal.
We're getting a new phone system because this one blows.
This getting her, man.
Yeah, I even go through it.
You know, I go through the aggravation.
For sterilization, you know, crappy people making crappy babies.
And I think, oh, I never did get to that.
Did I do that the other day?
I got to hear somewhere.
I think, was it Monday?
I talked to Joe about it.
See, my mind is going now.
I don't know, it was on Monday about how scientists used to link all of these different things to genetics.
And now they realize that when the baby is in the womb, all depending on the health of the mother and the nutrition it gets,
and how the size of the baby when it's born determines so many things that happen later in life, including IQ.
Try to start educating people.
Just having people reproducing like rabbits and having a bunch of kids running around.
And people killing kids.
And people throwing kids off of bridges because they're a burden.
They don't want them.
Well, what kind of slaughterhouse is that?
Crazy people making babies.
22 before 2 if 5 60 double to Q a m.
Nobody likes to shop, especially men.
But if they need to buy a new pair of shoes, why does it say that?
Nobody likes to shop.
Women love to shop.
Men don't like to shop.
Why does it say that, John penis?
I mean, you're a good guy, but you're full of crap.
I feel the cool.
Pregidist self-test.
Question number 54.
A pickup truck and a geometro are at a gas station.
The man filling up the pickup is dressed in dirty overalls.
And the man filling up the geometro is in pink leotards.
Which car CD player is playing Garth Brooks greatest hits?
And which CD player is playing Judy Garland's greatest hit?
It's 142 at 560 WQM.
Here's a facts from Andy and Wes Palm.
This morning on a Bob and Tom show they were reporting on the news.
They had an article on America Worcest Airlines in which a blind woman had purchased
a first class ticket for herender seeing eye dog freedom.
A man complained about sitting next to the dog.
They removed her inner dog from first class to accommodate the complainer.
On the ground after raising hell with the FAA, America worked with a spine a whopping $1000.
Instead they were used the incident in their training films.
Now if one of the passengers or a person said FU to the stewardess,
he'd probably have a ration jail right now.
It's inappropriate language for in the air.
When you're on the ground it's maybe okay but maybe not.
But in the air absolutely not.
No way.
Jose.
And don't forget Cuban suit.
How's that go?
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey a couple of things.
I didn't get to catch your opening this morning.
I just turned it late.
You were talking about those idiots who felt the need to rub elbows with OJ
at the golf tournament.
Were you ever able to read that list?
No and I haven't found out the names yet.
I'm working on it.
Yeah.
Another question in the wrap.
You also missed that the first thing that we had following me walking the studio this morning
was a program from the golf tournament on Friday.
It was autographed by OJ and LT.
Oh terrific.
And one of our sales holes wrote on top to Neil.
Let me ask you a question.
We tend to separate ourselves from idiots like that.
How do you think it will affect the sales department with potential sponsors?
Or they come, you know, they go to make their sales calls.
Oh you're the one that needed OJ's autograph.
I don't think I want to do business with you.
Oh man.
Exactly.
That's why I'm going to work feverishly to get that list and put it on here.
Oh absolutely.
Man, this guy is the idiot.
You know, that's just a professional suicide.
Right.
The other thing, I drive a vet and I'm cruising up 75 and this Mustang pulls up next to me.
And so I take them on the left.
Yeah.
And that's the racism.
Okay.
And I want to hear Jim Manon say, all white.
See ya.
All white.
All right.
That's what he said, all white.
Not anymore, you ain't saying all white.
Maybe in a hockey game.
Now that Peter Werels on the sidelines for five weeks of the injury.
That's the Panthers, baby.
All white.
Yeah.
We can get managed to do that.
He'll do anything.
Let's get him saying that.
All white.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Everybody's the bigot.
Everybody, you know something?
I've encountered, I mean, look at all the different things I got going, man.
So I know all about prejudice.
Any other something?
Screw them.
That's my philosophy.
Who cares?
Consider the source.
Here's a mobile in Pepper Pine.
Hello.
Hey, deal with that.
How you doing, sir?
Good.
You got a page six of the local section with Sherry Winston.
Same the local section.
Right.
There's an article in there.
He shared a deputy, tackling a 14-year-old boy.
I read it.
You read about a half an hour ago.
Got called on.
Sorry, I missed it.
All right.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot.
Right on target, so to speak.
Yeah, Sherry does, like I said, doesn't meet her own goddamn newspaper.
He had the gun in his waistband.
And he was probably going to waste somebody with it.
Sherry.
Something good.
She's so tired of hearing about the waistband, huh?
What a what a simple thing you are.
You're writing a goddamn commentary on a supposedly major market frickin' newspaper.
God, are you an idiot, Sherry?
You're a simple thing.
You're an aboso, a bozette.
Black, mamas, and daddies.
Oh, oh, how can this be in here?
How can this be in here?
Are we all living in a vacuum?
And of course, don't leave out the white trailer trash that are busy barefoot and pregnant all the time with no daddy around,
and with, you know, 15 kids running around.
Don't forget them, too.
They're white.
So white, black, whatever it is.
People are just baby-making machines with no responsibility.
We don't need no more of that crap.
Like the guy said, for sterilization, let's see your collar monad, honey.
And we're not just talking about any one group of people.
We're talking about scumbags.
Here's Daniel.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Any first time caller?
All right.
I just wanted to comment on as far as the police human goals.
Sure.
I really can't say much about it, too, you know, the investigation is always...
There you go.
But what I really wanted to call about, I can't understand how come we don't get up and get it to the police.
And the upper or when someone in our own community kills each other.
I just came out and said, you know, in most of the time we know who did it.
You know what it should say here, mostly blacks are shooting blacks.
Not Cuban shooting blacks, but they don't confuse Victor Curry with that with the facts.
Yeah, exactly.
But, you know, but some of the white killed one of us, you know, was like, oh, always racist.
Yeah.
And you know, something you're just as dead no matter what the color was in the person that blew your crap away.
You're just as dead.
Exactly.
That's racist in the sense that, oh, it's okay for us to kill each other.
But it's not okay for us to somebody white to kill us.
Yeah, then they're bigots.
Yeah. That's all I had to say.
Okay, thanks a lot, Paul.
Good point. Excellent point.
And it is true, by the way, it's statistically, I mean, overwhelmingly true,
that the majority of black people who do get shot and kill get shot and killed by other black people.
How come Victor Curry and screaming about that?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
I mean, in this town, we've had enough.
Every time some growth, I mean, the McDuffie thing was a grotesque miscarriage of justice.
But what happened in 1980, I remember what it was like yesterday, was one of the ugliest,
the most disgusting, the most barbaric incidents in the history of the human race.
Talk about racism.
Young white people who happen to be in the wrong god damn neighborhood,
getting dragged out of their cars and having their brains gouged out with broken bottles.
That's beautiful.
That's lovely.
That's justice, man.
That's barbaric.
It's sick and disgusting.
And how come it says nothing here about that?
It talks about Arthur McDuffie who had a beating death at the hands of Metro-Date Officers
and the deadly 1980 riots.
But that's all it says.
It doesn't say anything about what happened during those riots.
Craziness, insanity, disgusting, just subhuman.
You want to be angry.
You want to take your anger out on something.
Take it out on the people who are responsible.
Love for innocent god damn bystanders who just happen to be, you know,
a member of whatever group you're angry at.
How can you blame something on a group?
White people did this.
Black people did this.
Cuban people did this.
Not like individuals.
And that goes back to what I said before.
In America, individuals aren't supposed to take responsibility for their acts anymore.
It was fags that did it.
It was straight people that did it.
It was the white people that did it.
It was a group of people.
That would be, you know, that thing that bumper sticker about guns,
don't kill people, people, people, people.
How about groups don't kill people, individuals do.
Oh, Jesus god, we're talking so frickin dumb.
And it goes back to what I'm talking about, the education system.
You can't complain about it in America because it's a joke.
There isn't any.
Kids go to school and, and poor, portable toilets practically, and porta-potties.
Portable classrooms, my ass.
Don't have the money, you know, to build real schools, real civilized schools.
And the little joy that business about his wife, who's a teacher,
teaching in an overcrowded class in a highly overcrowded school.
And they've only got one textbook for two kids.
And nobody can take any textbooks home.
What kind of crap is that, Mayor Penga?
That you want to keep doing his masquerade, money for Mickey Erison.
Here's a man who's worth billions and billions of dollars.
And the taxpayers in Dave County, from now until the end of time until he,
tear that damn thing down.
