The WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
You're talking Neil called 5-6-7-0-5-60 toll free for date and brarrad or pound 5-60 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5-60 Q-A-L.
One million times the Neil Rogers even to his out.
Oi!
On the first day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me a picture of my sad and ferny.
On the second day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
Two stinking trade-offs with a picture of my sad and ferny.
On the third day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
Three happy shirts to sink and trade-offs with a picture of my sad and ferny.
Oh, what? What's the weird thing on the head?
That's your save. Oi! On the fourth day of Hanukkah.
That's cool. My parents gave to me.
Loud and kosher candy for me. I'd be sure to sink and trade-offs with them.
No.
Say it!
When I made it out of clay and when the wine is lodging, I'll throw the thing away.
No but that nice.
Fight me.
On the fifth day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
For once in a Christmas tree.
Oh, Jimmy's got one.
Maybe Jimmy's Catholic.
And not watching candy.
Not watching shirts.
Not watching trade-offs.
Or a picture of my sad and ferny.
Oh, man.
Oi!
On the sixth day of Hanukkah, my parents made me sink.
If I were a rich man,
I'd be sure to sink and trade-offs with them.
I'd be sure to sink and trade-offs with them every year.
In front of my sad and ferny.
Oh, man.
On the seventh day of Hanukkah.
Not bad.
My parents made me sink.
Seven three three four.
Get my one little rich man.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
Oh, man.
It's Christmas tree.
Now.
Oi!
This is a cut.
On the eighth day of Hanukkah.
My parents gave to me.
Nothing that I wanted.
Get a tree, see Lachas.
Yes, I want a rich man.
Where is my Christmas tree?
Now he chose your candy.
Three candy shirts.
Say, sink and trade-offs.
And a picture of my sad and ferny.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
10, 4, 5, 60, WQM.
Tomorrow it's sundown.
It's Hanukkah, baby.
Let's hear it.
See, one thing about the Jews.
We know how it went and down how to draw it out.
Yeah, we got all these long holidays.
Like, Pesos, Becca Passover.
Goes on for days and days and days and days.
And then you got your Russia Shutta and your Kipper.
Which sets like a whole week to carry on and make a big
Timmis and blow your chauffeur.
And now, of course, we got Hanukkah coming on for eight days.
And I'd like to go in with Christmas.
It's one day.
Right?
Easter Sunday.
You got your ass Wednesday, but then there's Easter Sunday.
That's basically it.
The only thing that go in that they drag out is length.
Which I still don't know what that is.
How long does that go on?
40 days?
I don't know.
You don't know?
No, Sunday school.
You don't know?
Mr. Expert on religion?
It starts on Wednesday.
It's like half a week.
You don't know how long length goes on?
No.
That's one of our first orders of this.
We're going to find out.
I bet you're on line nine.
They know how long length goes on.
Hello, WQA and religion line.
Oh, I was going to, I was, as George on in today.
I want to get your facts number.
I want to fact you something.
Well, I can give you the facts number unless you want to get it from George.
Sure, I can give you.
I got this article that I thought might interest you.
These are the about length.
No, it's about, um,
Is it about overall sillier-diligious holidays?
It's about what?
It's about how abortion is lowered the crime rate.
Great. Excellent.
I think you would like it.
Is it abortion lowering the crime rate in certain nothing might already groups?
No, it basically does.
Because I think that might work too, but anyway, I'll give you the facts number.
Okay.
305.
650.
Okay.
0198.
98.
I don't want to go too fast because otherwise it can't kill a good time.
Okay, I'll, um, I'll let you read it.
It's pretty, uh, pretty extreme, pretty strange.
Excellent.
Okay.
The more extreme, the more we like it.
Okay. Thanks a lot, amigo.
See you.
See you.
There we go. Right off the bat.
We got a good guy in there.
Oh, right.
We want to find out what this Hanukkah business is all about.
That's number one.
And number two, I want to find out why you people continue doing these things.
It just tears my kiskees out.
Here's my guts out.
Why do you keep going?
Why?
Well, what is the point?
I'm going to go to show them.
We got to pay our dues.
And we got to go eat a bunch of potato, which I do like potato lock is, by the way.
The only thing important about being Jewish, of course, is, uh, culinary Judaism.
That's my former religion.
Dietary Judaism.
Potato lock is the filth of fish, which I do like.
You have to wash off that crap, by the way, that gel.
For when you glam out there, if somebody's going to give you a jar of your filth of fish, don't eat that mung on your that gel.
That's like a preservative.
That's like to keep it from, uh, sticking and joint out or something.
You wash it off and then you just, oh, that your filth of fish is great.
Whitefish.
Kai apike.
Huh?
White, a mister of whitefish and kai apike.
But I have no idea what else you're supposed to eat in Hanukkah.
People come up to me.
This is amazing to me.
Estonishing.
Knowing what a hard, bitten atheist, what a professional atheist I am.
Not one of those people like George who's saying, I don't know.
I'm not looking for no answers, okay?
I'm looking for something, but it's not answers.
And lately finding it.
But anyway, I'm going to sit until I come back here.
They come up to me and I'll say, what are you doing for Hanukkah?
And I'll say the same thing I'm doing for Sookas.
The same thing I did for Tisha Bog.
The same thing I did for Yom Kipper.
For Rocher Shana.
For a log of olmer.
Whatever that one is.
Nothing.
Nothing.
I'm living my life.
In fact, I'm going to go see for Rocher for whatever this one is.
Hanukkah this year.
I'm going to go see the backseat boy Sunday night.
Yeah.
Well, I'm a big Jewish kiss.
And if they looked any better, I would just well.
Speaking of that, by the way, in Rike Iglesias, declared his innocence to TV guide.
That's right.
How do the heels of Anna Kurnakova?
And Rike says he's got a lot of wannabe number one fans now because he says this is amazing.
Julio is rising sun and people in esponials.
1998 sexiest man alive.
Is he really a virgin?
That's what he says.
He says he's really a...
And of course, he says no, of course not.
That's my pickup line.
I think Girl Spide is sweet.
That's how I picked up girls in college and it worked a lot.
Who in Rike says?
Iglesias who released his English debut last week has been the world's biggest Latin artist
over the past four years with 14 million albums sold and he still needs a pickup line.
Question Mark says in Newsweek magazine.
Now, what are you trying to say?
Why are you like nothing?
Yes, you are.
Is everybody who's like a popular Hispanic singer, they all modicone, says that what you're trying to say?
Oh, I know that Mark Anthony.
He makes me sick.
He couldn't sing his word of a paper sack if he put an oozy up his ass.
He might enjoy it.
One thing about Mark Anthony?
He can't sing for sh-
Right.
That's right.
Let's hear it again.
He can't sing for sh-
Oh, I love it.
Nice going to sweetheart whoever that was.
Who was that?
Do you remember?
Some color.
She was talking about a Rike in the artifact.
She was talking about Enrique.
Shame on you, sweetheart.
Pick it on my good post-personal buddy Enrique.
All of his new single does suck but nevertheless.
9 minutes after 10 and 560 WQF.
No portion of this broad guess may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM.
We need to read acquisition course.
Just to get just to get just to get just to get just to get just to get just to get just to get just to get just tell me what your problem is.
I crossed the sea there is a land.
A land filled with bread sitting there is a hot stuff in ice.
Come back.
Come back to a place where public clothes in the shadows.
Come back to throw it on.
This is the whole world.
This is the third place where your friends are people friendly and it's getting ready.
Oh man.
I'm not your brother in law.
I'm like my sweetheart.
So take the black jacket.
In case you get shot.
Yes, I'm on throw it.
I'm on one of the most beautiful place on the planet.
I'm Lionel Petrovich's circle for Asian tourism in the star.
That's it.
That's it.
So wait a minute.
I'm the minister.
That's the street.
Ha ha ha.
Well make it Croatia.
And bring your country.
We give you a Michel.
And we win the game.
Come back to Croatia.
Bring that to the port of July.
1014 at 516 WQA.
So what's in the Alfaanica baby?
Let's find out in about land and all these other ridiculous holidays.
And let's find out why otherwise intelligent people continue participating in all these ridiculous rituals.
Because that's what they are.
What are you doing for Hata?
I don't know.
What are you doing for Lent?
What are you doing for Easter Sunday?
You're going to roll some eggs on along.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
Gonna go play a little hide and seek.
Here's a mobile and hi Aliah.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Pretty good sir.
Yes.
Lent is the celebration of the 40 days that Jesus Christ went into the desert.
Fasting and without changing his underwear.
Wow.
See, I was right about the 40 days.
I even know more about Lent, a little Catholic Georgian there.
How do you like that?
I'm surprised with George.
Because every time he's on, when you're on vacation, he knows everything about religion.
So I was surprised.
Yeah.
The second thing, what the hell was going on in some hair?
That he don't know nothing about it.
He just loves a lot of obscure facts.
I think he just writes them all down before he comes in and does the show.
Neil, what's going on in Seattle?
What's going on?
Yeah.
Public Barbaric, he hated you.
We've been discussing.
We look like a bunch of soccer fans.
Right.
There you go.
That's right.
At least they're having a good time with the game.
We're just acting barbaric and lifting up God damn magazine and newspaper things and smashing them
through windows of departments doors because you don't like this crazy people.
Are these right wingers, left wingers, or just not?
They're all wingers.
Mostly left wingers, mostly like the tree huggers and, you know.
Well, how come nobody's talking about it?
I think it's pretty disturbing.
What are we going to do about it?
Well, it took the person and coming into town to have them crack down on them.
That's the American fucking way.
That's right.
Okay, Neil, you have a good day.
Hey, back to you.
I was watching Bubba yesterday.
I don't maybe people are going to like me saying this, but I'll say it anyway.
And I was thinking to myself, this man has done a great job.
He has.
He's done a great job.
The economy is spectacular.
Violin crime is down.
It's still in the face, but I mean, he didn't invent that.
It's way down.
And, you know, life is a hell of a lot better than it was in 1992,
or whenever the hell he took over January, 1993.
Things are going great.
So he screwed around.
He got some blow jobs.
Big, stinking deer.
You know, typical of the right wing.
That's the way they always try to win fierce people.
Oh, let's get him with their pants down.
Wow.
How exciting that is.
He's done a hell of a job.
I would say in my lifetime, he's been the best president in my lifetime.
Huh?
Violin.
I'm not saying that there was a lot to choose from.
You know, we had I like Kike, I like.
Who is a moron.
We had Truman who would give him a hairy who is, you know, just people liked him because he was crude.
You know, he was kind of like the Jesse Ventura of his time.
Nixon.
Dick.
Zero four.
Zero four's most famous line was.
Eee.
Which he said just before and after putting the gum in his mouth.
Bush.
Seanna Ronnie, who had Alzheimer's 20 years before he got in the White House, but he forgets.
What do we yet?
A bunch of losers, Jimmy Carter.
When they talked about what a, what I had intelligence in man, a brilliant man, Jimmy Carter.
I all all all all all all all all think that all all on Hitto was hot there all
all all look at it yeah you know the era of kwa go he speaks with the kwa go I all
like to do an entry all all all I would all respect to anybody who might be
listening in Georgia Atlanta being the exception of course because you have a
lot of very light complex parts in Atlanta see like in in city in city this
is true in cities in America where black people are treated a little bit
better like to end down here and saw a florida with a treat or like crap but in
Considered where the treat a little bit better and for some reason their complexion is a little bit lighter because there's more in greeting going on I guess for a while
But you can it's considered to be like a more sophisticated thing
You know I'm saying like Julian Bond there you go. He's just barely even black. He's kind like the Bryant Gumball of politics
You know barely even black
So it's like a whole different ambiance, but the rest of Georgia is like strictly white trash
As in the Carter family, there's Billy tape Billy's been dead for how many years scored scored
Bill P in the streets and Miss Lillian with her 85 chin. She's been dead for many years
She still grotesque. I bet you she don't look any worse now than when she was alive Miss Lillian
And little Amy of course who was like the first troglolite now we got Rosalind. I mean that not Rosalind
We got what's her name? I can't even think of what her name is
Bubba's daughter
Oh, I could have sat here until two o'clock. I wouldn't remember that Chelsea. I know where Chelsea is because they lived in Boston
How's the Kingston trio doing by the way? See them lately? No
Chelsea who's of course looks like Hillary used to when she was younger with the bad frizzy here isn't that sad and by the way
By the way guess who is the spitting image of Hillary?
Remember the movie the hand that rocks the cradle. I don't know what her name is the actress that played back at the morning back at the more
Nate ever seen the two of them together. Oh same person
Am I right and especially in that movie?
Yeah, if you aged aged them back right
Same person exactly the spitting image
Which hopefully Hillary's got a little bit better disposition
Huh?
Yeah, can't stand that bitch makes me I'm so sick and tired of that whole deal
Okay, we're investigating Hanukkah today
We're also going to investigate this whole smoking business because I'm really sick and tired
There's even a big an X smokers misery here in the Sun sentinel today. Do I feel sorry for this person? No, I do not
But the good news is high court leery of FDA claims it's almost impossible
It looks like the supreme court is going to say very loudly. No no to the FDA as far as regulating cigarettes and nicotine all that other stuff. No way
Says during one of the most vigorous or arguments of the court in months the justices are suggested by the questions that they were almost certain to
invalidate the FDA's watershed effort to regulate the nicotine in tobacco as a drug in other words no way Jose
You know when they started putting the a skull and crossbones or the essence of it
I mean that warning message on cigarettes. You know what you're one. No 1965 34 years ago
34 years ago and we have people now
Where I didn't know yeah, right you didn't know
It says on there on the package which now costs 50 bucks a pack by the way and now it says it's gonna kill you if you smoke these goddamn things
Faggot kills what it says on there
Faggot's kill because they're trying to get even
And we got all these whining god damn simpering assholes and of course this goes in handed and with the lawyers now because everybody wants to sue everybody in this country
Swing people suing the tobacco company suing this one suing that one because they're stupid and
Like I said, yeah, I've said it many times it would be like my suing the sugar companies because I'm dying
I got diabetes and I have I'm fat and probably all kinds of other grotesque things because their product is very evil and bad
And if what was the word that they use about being a herodist?
This guy that's suing also this Emma Emma deal who's got the tubanous stomach
Yeah, he has to eat through a tubanous stomach because he has a soft. This is like all blocked off
So there's no taste everything eats is delicious, but no taste
So the jury that's listening to his arguments now it says last July the same jury
Rule that
Smoking causes cancer that cigarettes are an effective and dangerous product and that their manufacturers use deceptive marketing to sell them
They're a defective and dangerous product is sugar with defective and dangerous product
Oless to a deck of defective and yeah, what about that stuff that they're advertising on the morning show that gives you loose
Oozzy uncontrollable stool dangerous product
Sit a cow or whatever is is that it that about caffeine makes a cranky dangerous product a horrible product. How about riddle and dangerous drug? Yeah
Got your kids bouncing off the walls like a bunch of lunatics
Because of all that sugar that they're reading and so they're force feeding riddle and which makes them totally psychotic
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Yeah, sir, good close buddy tip the third
Yeah, I just want to see if you see on the news last night or American Airlines is back a thousand when screwing the flying public by doing what they cut the size of the carry-ons in half
Good
Where they got to make good I'm all for that sure
But dirty only airlines were for that are doing it. Well, I hope the all the airlines do it cut the goddamn carry-ons down
Tip the turrets and cut the
Carry on no seriously
You don't want to be sitting on a plane with these assholes that are bringing their whole life possessions on a plane
Way for the weekend somewhere these idiots
Well, the American Airlines me. Oh, you got a look maybe I'm making more room for the cocaine and the angry
That's the idea now you can catch it on
Check what you see if you see now. Thanks for the good news pal
Finally American Airlines does something good. We're not gonna have room for the hand grenades and all the goddamn other weaponry and heroin in there
If you have all your overheads luggage filled up
You idiots man who just don't know how to travel just don't get it. You haven't got a freaking clue
How come I can go into Europe, which I do five times a year
Take one carry on bag that fits perfectly in any overhead and that's it I
Put after about four days like in a midway point of my vacation
I put I call in the morning to come and pick up your laundry
It's back the same night and I got enough stuff to last the rest of the week
How's that?
Clean underwear
After the third or fourth day of course clean underwear how many pair do you need if you're going away for nine days you take four and a half pair
Yeah, four and a half four and a half pair and you wash him once
See if you turn them inside out you wouldn't have to wait for you
What you're forgetting is that you're as we're in one to begin with so you really got five pair
Look at this response we're getting about Hanukkah. Are you Jews in hiding again? Is that it? God damn it?
I want to find out what kind of a stupid holiday this one is starting to marinate or what it's all about and what you're supposed to be doing besides lighting the menorah with
Those stupid candles are giving a different gift every day see the Jews know about retail Christmas one day, okay?
big-stinking deal
But with the Hanukkah every single day you're supposed to theoretically give another gift on this idiotic holiday and it is it is really
Emperous and I'm humiliated in Paris for my fellow Jews
That we have so many of these ridiculous cockamama holidays well
We have to be to may work out hang out of our Jewish identity. Okay fine. Just talk with heavy accent. Okay. Just go
a lot and that'll that's all you need to do
Here's for a lot of deal. Hello good morning. Neil
Consistent with your theme of holding on to covenants and things of this nature
Tonight show with Jaylen Ohhead Dachel or slushinger. I think her first time appearance
I don't know about the covenant and how all these people who have sex and things before their married their marriages never last
Which was untrue and Jay pointed out to her that the Bible belt of all places leads the country and divorces
Which really stunned her but I don't know how she was with her tried to
state that
Primeraordal sex and having sex before you're married have dissimilar meetings, you know
She is a nut that's fucking bitch
Yeah, but boiling down to where this goes with holding this this comfort zone, which is where she's at
He probably doesn't know half the things that she's referring to in her biblical babble like most Jews of course a
Greater percentage of the this country's atheists are made up of the Jewish community fortunately
Perhaps they're based on their education or whatnot, but a lot of them still want to hold ground to this
Old world stuff and I have some friends who are psychologists and they call it a pocket of retardation or they could normally
rationalize the real estate their stocks they can master law and any other field
Yeah, when it comes to this they turn the brain off and this stuff has a parallel logic to the tooth fairy
But they are afraid to decipher it because this will break their comfort zone. This is really pretty good
Isn't that tragic? Let it go. Let it go cut the cord
Thanks, Neo for your time. Thank you. God bless you. Yeah, see first they cut the foreskin, which is bad
I'm sorry to agree with George on that overwhelmingly
Cut the foreskin which is evil and grotesque barbaric, but cutting the cord can they do that? No can't do it
Here's the best news of all by the way. Thank you whoever fax this to me
It says today males of all persuasions are celebrating all over the world
You want to know why today December 2nd is somebody's 18th birthday? Who do you think it is?
Oh, any spirits turns 18 today see if she's legal. How do you like that? Does it really make a difference? No, but she's legal anyway
Probably a dick
Sorry, it's always the way it is you know just a frustrated hell I watch
27 after 10 at 560 WK getting a tremendous response on this Hanukkah business. Oh, not no, they never do
They're all busy one are busy
Potsking around out the making of potato latkes and they get ready to go to Shul tomorrow and they don't want to you know talk about this stuff
Air their dirty linen in public
Q a M drops the green flag with motor sports Saturday
Saturday morning said fix with Joe Castello right here on sports radio 560 Q a
I just want to tell us to know that all of us American gov is on the one of come to we are Chinese too
There you go. I'm on the holiday season everyone loves Christmas Carol, but until now
No one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time of year
Until now introducing Hanukkah Carol's on TV
Like a cradle as it gives you hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season
On the day of time my mother case okay eight pounds chocolate with a seven slabs of cornpeed
Sink for take a lot of
If you're tired of the old traditional song the holidays here's the whole new tradition
You'll get tired of almost before you know you
You're going to buy this agenda on sale
You know how we make you pay
Recails
Hanukkah is coming to town
Hanukkah Carol's on feedie it's the holiday collection you just can't pass over
That's 33 of 560 WQM are we getting a response to this or what?
No absolutely nothing at one call on the board
Isn't that pathetic?
I ask you a very simple question what will you say 98% of our audience is Jewish 110%
Not one Jew out there can even tell us what Hanukkah is all about here's a holiday that goes on for eight days with
Minoras with candles with 8 million gifts without kinds of who knows what it is I don't know what it's all about
We got one person out there willing to take two minutes of their time to explain to all the glam and me to refresh my memory
See I tell you right now I feel as Jewish as anybody
And I haven't been in a shul in years I have no desire I have had your own cousin
But that was only for that stupid whammy show and look what that did and the more about Yamaha
Yamaha you about lent exactly you know more about Yamaha than you bought lent
Anybody want to lend you or Jiamaha?
Here's a fact from Suzanne who says in response to Hanukkah tomorrow I'm the Jewish show nice Jewish girl
Cause once and while I have a nice Hanukkah well back to you Suzanne have a great Hanukkah
Whatever it is but again nobody wants to tell us what it is
This is pathetic I do a radio show here every day I come on I ask a very simple question
I'll give an example of what I'm talking about you know my good friend Sean one of our group he listens probably home right now for the holidays by the way from Northwestern
Brilliant kid great guy
But brought up in this I mean really fanatical I hate to say fanatical but a very heavy duty Jewish background they go to Habad house
You know what I'm saying exactly and I forget the when I saw Sean over the summer and he tells me he went to when he was in Chicago with school
He went to show on Shibuya so I think it was one of those minor holidays both nights Friday and Saturday went to show I said why he said oh it was I had a good time I enjoyed it he enjoyed it
For why and this is somebody who's a brilliant young man now see he was brought up in this environment is I've met his father with Dr. Ernst the dentist is a great guy brilliant guy
But what is that why what are you doing there what are you doing in there with a beanie on your head and the what is that all about I was forced to do those things the first moment I had the opportunity to get away from that I said oh I get me out of this crap I was forced to go I was slept to show
Anybody out there going to be slept to shoulder in his holidays now of course you are your family they're going to schlep you against your better judgment
I mean if your life is that vacuous especially when you're young that you don't have something better more enjoyable more productive to be doing than schlepping the show and putting crap on your head and tell us is on your shoulders and pay us and this and that my god so kneel did you go to show why you would answer them oh yeah
Yeah I was praying all the time I was on my knees a lot kind of like Ricky Martin by the way his excuses not only was he a member of Manudo he was also an altar boy I think you so he had no fighting chance you know I'm saying
Here's a mobile in pompano hello hi how you doing okay sir listen I don't have something for you on on it but let runs from Ash Wednesday to Easter Sunday
anyway now that you touched on the subject of that nicotine and everything why aren't these all these alcohol companies being sued for liver damage in hospital bills right why they didn't just the all these tobacco companies that's right I heard somebody talking about Walter Peyton this morning how about Mickey Manel who died from a bad liver because of all that boozy drink they destroyed his liver
I mean do they have more money than these tobacco companies or what's going on there I don't know what it is I have no idea of course you got to understand that maybe there's more people in congress who smoked and who booze it up there
and smoke could be yeah like the Kennedy's I don't think Teddy smokes but he sure likes his booze okay Neil thanks a lot and don't forget pal God bless the Irish have a good one back to you because without the Irish you know wouldn't be fat it wouldn't be a
fashionable to be drunk without the Irish that's right that's what Teddy says yeah it's okay but I mean smoking I were also today like to find out if there are people out there who are smokers I'm talking about cigarettes cigarettes who don't want to quit see the the stereo type that they like to paint is that everybody
just like a fat people I'm sure that there's some of you fat folks out there who don't care who don't want to lose weight and while it's not healthy but nevertheless that's that's your option we don't have any laws making it against the law to walk around being fat
because it's the American F and way that's why this is the fattest country in the world if we did that we'd have all of us most of us would be in prison right now fat prison which is a good way to lose weight by the way because I understand the cuisine is not always the best
but I'm sure that we got people out there who are smokers who are getting really tired of being made to feel like scumbags because they smoke and being prohibited and be who to have no desire to quit smoking they're not doing the correct they're not doing the pact and they don't want to quit
they're willing to take the risk they know the risks they know that maybe they're going to have something a big gigantic tumor growing in their throat on their lung on their tongue on their mouth in the rassafogist why would hell it's going to be they don't care
I think that in a matter of fact I think that when you buy a pack of cigarettes they ought to have like a thing every time you buy a pack you ought to have to sign like signing a petition you sign a release form saying that I'm buying this knowing ahead of time that it's an effective product that's going to possibly cause cancer that's got addictive nicotine in it but I will not sue anybody because I'm doing it my own free will yeah they should have to sign it every time they buy a pack for 80 bucks or whatever it is today maybe some company will start doing that offer discount here's Halondale hello
hello Neil yes sir Monica just told me to enjoy your Hanukkah right what is it Monica Monica cool yeah okay okay go blow the show for pal get out here okay you silly old fart you old fossil another old yid from hell and hell get out of here already it's you oh god it's you you specifically in your pizon study Rosenberg you're the ones that are turned this time to without their funeral parlor pal where's the living and breeding people come on let's go here
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line eight seven seven suck me on the other town line god damn it
day after day by the way the trends are coming into 230 the latest arbitrage a monthlies which is going to be August September and October so tomorrow morning we'll have that and then of course we'll see the real evidence of how the whole audience is vanished they must have
even on something is obvious is this even if something is dramatic and traumatic is this it's the same old story get on your hands and knees and beg us and maybe maybe we'll talk to you but I doubt it you atheist son of a bitch
thank you my sweet Jewish lady and castle hoist to by the way while you're at it miserable old bitch whoever you are I'm just a generality she probably married to that guy in hell and hell we just heard from that crusty old Monica sucker
I got news for a pal smotica wouldn't touch you with the the she wouldn't touch your back home with the bubbles hands how do you like that
this guy's probably got more toe jam and and between his big toe and his whatever the one is next to it seriously can you imagine
oh he's probably got he's got spillage he's got spill over from the bag
20 before yeah that's that funny smell when you drive through hell and they'll keep those windows to steal her medically okay
oh god either Josh Friedman zero those bags is still an over again or both of course when you have those staples you know there's a lot of leakage
there's a guy he sucks okay
there we go hey y'all my name is glad you gene Thomas friends of bushes nominee for the supreme part and you know
there's not some people that daddy think just I I won't be little man water when I say cottage and it was nothing but a pinjoy
yeah maybe the guys had your I know remember y'all they don't think I'm fit to be on the supreme car
yeah I got to much let's do this quick and get out of here I want to catch up straight when I stop reviewing the law
I don't just review the law there y'all I'll be talking and I talk it to the ease I talk it to the weather
and I talk it while I look up Saturday I'll be talking let's go bird one y'all
1045 at 560 WQ I am so David who just called a little while ago fact me this piece which is very interesting by the way the aborted crime wave
and it's a hypothesis it's a study where they the conclusion is that because of the fact that the
abortion was legalized in 1973 over if you wait as a result it says the first set of children born after 1973 turned to 18 1992
and because most crimes are committed by young adult males between the ages of 18 and 24 the absence of millions of unwanted children led to fewer crimes being done by that age group in total researchers say the advent of legal abortion may be responsible for up to 50% of the drop into crime rate
because it points out that while the New York City crime rate is dropped dramatically because of all the things that they've done with the police etc and so on that even the city's like Los Angeles which haven't followed suit the crime rate is dropped the same amount
how do you like that so when in doubt a boredom out isn't that unusual and that unwanted children are more likely to become criminals
put that in your pipe and smoke it okay are you right wing assholes all you idiots you morons all you fetus lovers
here's Fort Lauderdale hello how you deal yes sir yes I wanted to talk to you about Chanukah and really what is it
Chanukah started out as a minor holiday festival of the blight of light
we just you don't even you know you're not even supposed to go to school on Chanukah just stay all the light the lights and the same the songs and the
cradle cradle cradle y'all are not in any cradle cradle cradle I'll come I'm just okay yeah yeah
and but recently the past I don't know 20 years or so as a because the goi ever going nuts with Christ with Christmas and the lights on a hot
kibble that's right that's what we had to have a Hanukkah bush to make up for the Christmas tree that's right that's what you think
you do become a Christmas for Jews that's what Patrick Ewing says monkey see monkey do and and I personally think it's disgusting but you know what the
other I'm not saying disgusting but it's a perfluous what's the point it's good for business that's what it is
economy it's good for business because you got to go out there by a whole lot of gifts which is fine I guess because I'm all for a good
economy but nevertheless it's ridiculous it's just a minute to wait for energy and time what's the point it's just to keep the kids happy
because the Jewish kids see all their goi's your friends going through the open the lights up on the house and all that and say he's up in a zoo for them.
Monkey see monkey do pretty soon the Jews are going to be rolling east the way because I'm not face off this way or
possible there you go now you're talking I have a great day pal happy I'm not I'm Tanuka here's a thing for you
I think I've been on this flight where even the male flight attendants were stored this has been on those flights five six seven
oh five 60 pound five 60 you see I know that a lot of people in the audience people listen every day and they get a kick out of the show they listen
for whatever reason but there's a part of their mind where they're saying oh you know Neil must really feel a little bit left
out because he's always like on the outside looking in well first of all there are occasions when the just as George with those swing clubs
sometimes being on the outside looking in ain't so bad number one and number two I'm happy to be on the outside looking I'm proud
I'm pleased this punches Hubert Horatio Humphrey would say a bean on the outside looking when it comes to all these things
no pain in the ass shotgun I don't want to be part of the mainstream with this direct okay I just find it the bizarre
that I'd like the guy said before like otherwise intelligent people it's kind of like they have a brain fart you know
yeah there's just a little part of their brain that they can't clear up there and so as a result oh everybody else does it so we'll do it
well I'm going for a pace off say to to to and say these why well I don't know we just do it
to be good excuse to get drunk have a little Morgan David little man of shavids and all of the above maybe even a little grandma boom what's wrong
with that she was Jewish wasn't she Pat boom five six seven oh five sixty pot see religion didn't work for him he gave it
a best shot now we had to turn into a punk rocker now Pat boom well he sure did used to look good I'll turn to that
why do you know it's those glam those real clean cut glam tab hunter here's having to her hello
hey how you doing pretty good hey you finally you finally said what I've been saying for years is that Clinton is the greatest president we've ever had
I didn't say ever had but in my lifetime I'm in my life time too that's right and not only that is your old Ford
yeah no but in the face of everything he bent through two looking at what he's accomplished
in fact your old Ford you know they said he couldn't walk into gum at the same time president Clinton can make world
hinging decisions and get a blowjob at the same time how do you like that that's right
we're working yes well hey hard new one last thing I know we got to you by the phone call back that as well
right back that answer I'll write please okay thanks and happy hannika okay happy
hannika to wear our brothers and sisters out there and sister soldier happy Chanukat awd you a
large part is out there they like to do holidays they let back that to the they don't like Chinese restaurants too much but
they love the delis the only Chinese they like is like the angled coast where they can go and get those chicken dishes and the watermelon
hmm they do like to be like an ad five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and you'll notice the only people who call me
because you're all a bunch of pussy's are the ones who agree with me that it's a waste of time and at its silly
and it's a monkey see monkey to the only ones who call me pussy's pussy pussy
we're coming on the elevator last night at Pompato Park after a rather mediocre evening is usual
and one of the guys down out of this is high and he knows how you doing and you know it's right ordinary seeming
guy middle age he says I called you they said they kept me on hold for 24 minutes I said oh well was it
worthy said you hung up on me this was the guy that called yesterday and a good guy he was a good guy
but he called yesterday wanted to talk about that Cuban kid and I said no no we're drowning in a sea of all this
Cuban is my color but audio mom be I don't want to hear about it I want to discuss it I'm through with that
again on the outside looking in and I'm I'm proud I'm pleased nice going to thank you nice going
at it for once you're putting your foot down and saying I don't want to hear about that crap anymore
this town is suffered not with all that garbage and by the way how about those three kids that got shot in the Hollywood
have you noticed a suspect here now from that picture on the front of the paper it's in both papers
today I am really not I mean I don't want to jump to any conclusions but the guy's name is Nanu Nanu okay
Oh Steven Nanu Nanu yeah his name is Steven Nanu Nanu 21 he's he need a suspect and look at now look at the picture
this what I'm jumping in is he like Middle Eastern is he like slightly dark completely
what is he going southwest he's from the Southwest maybe like New Mexico he looks like one of them
here's a mobile in Miami hello how you doing I wanted to give you some history on history on Hanukkah
all right now we're talking here's the guy that knows his crap it's called a festival of rights
that has to do with when the Romans took over the June so his damn Romans man they're everywhere
you know it and after the Judah and the Maccabees came back and resulted against the the Romans
they went back to the first temple which was destroyed and it found only enough olive oil for one day of lighting of the eternal light
what the hell is life without olive oil especially in Rome exactly and it was only they could it was eight days
so they can get the next shipment of olive oil and remember when you had Wallach was out there meeting with the the phony assassin priest
and his mule sounding son there or you'll leave that was well I like you like wallach could he act or what I'm sorry go ahead
right well and then the whole idea is it's the miracle of the lights where the one day worth of olive oil lasted for eight days until they could get more
how do you like that and if you walk into a shoe even my favorite even of my favorite top to reason room one thing olive oil will never last eight days
exactly but if you walk into a shoe you'll see above the above the arc you'll see like a little light on top of it that's the light they signify and every shoe you'll see that is called the eternal light
yeah I'll try to get up yeah I'm a smoker doesn't want to quit excellent I you cover all the bases nice go on pal
I will send you a carna camels have a good life or okay new port lights there I used to smoke new ports when I was in college used to just tear my throat up like crazy three packs a day
I think I want to start smoking again just to piss off my mother five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless on then she can start leaving me more articles you know she loves doing that about cigars and about this and about that and about how everything I do is wrong but nice job on at the house while I was gone my nice job
got tiny up to about twenty five pounds of course he's only supposed to wait ten she likes to overdo just a little bit he's looking good
here's a mobile in Orlando hello hey how you doing okay sir hey we need some more radio like yours down here I got a question I already like mine all over the world is what we need sir that's what we need
hey I got a question you can run by somebody republican friends on I don't have any republican friends sir I don't have any republican friends
I don't have any I don't have any I don't have any I'm not with some of the colors okay yeah abortion becomes illegal in its states right what's the sentence going to be if a girl from Florida goes to Georgia where it may be legal
we just we just have to put the sentence they have at the plant parenthood and the abortion clinic off of your head yeah now we can have to go to the airport now on international flights
and ask you have your luggage with you the whole time and if you're white with you are you pregnant that's right that's what it would have you'd want
similar questions nobody seems to be asking guys in the media when it is all these guys who have their who have their nose in every woman's
feet and every woman's uterus that's right you got that I want to know if the sentence is going to be you know we got that
for women who choose good luck and have a happy Hanukkah even if you don't celebrate it Murray Christmas too by the way there's the Christ child there's the Virgin Mary over there she's
making another one of those fourteen of pizzas let's see it's the second only 11 days till Rosalo Pez has a Virgin Mary and of course this is a special one because it's right in your Christmas day I
wouldn't be surprised if the Virgin Mary pops another punches another one out you know why not she's like a
eternal she probably any older now than she was when she gave birth to the to Jesus the Yashke how about a twin brother sound good well a little bit better
of a dresser we can only hope although sandals man people are talking all over really bad well you read up the Jewish counter there that we got from your
accountant friend yes but I was the insurien my cities right now on your kids out there don't pop your zits I think that goes wrong you get bad scars man
okay the Jews never want to get the Romans I think it was the a serious the a serious how about the Jordanians on the serious is that what
that Kennedy says he thought it was the a serious I'm just in coherent with this stuff and I'm just so so tired I mean maybe one day I'll
wake up and all these bubble my sees will go away you think that's going to have no no and we can just get on with the important
things in life you know like getting laid stuff like that things that are worthwhile because he knows fun stuff
three minutes before 11 at 560 WQN special Christmas message from mr. Jack
thank you jack or was that Hannibal again it's 11 I wanted 560 WQ I am yeah we got to do something about this Jeff the
florist okay masquerading number one is a Jew which of course he is not with a name like that that's you know as
gracious Rogers and the number two Capricchio okay repeat after me Capricchio
Resterante not Resterante okay I mean I'm sure this is a wonderful place and maybe somebody else
in some free food and then somebody will come on here that can pronounce the name of the restaurant right Capricchio
Resterante if you look up dumb goi in the dictionary there'll be two pictures on the one side on the left there'll be
there'll be a large head Joe Rose and on the right there'll be Jeff the florist
thumb goi and in the middle will be Rick Riley I mean let's get serious Capricchio Resterante oh my
God so what do you say with the Greeks and the the uh oh Syrians 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the
8 see all you people out there you're gonna go in Haca China tomorrow night you're gonna go to
shul and you're gonna be doveting one by the way oh my God are we got another hockey game in the
middle of Hanukkah or sound the first full day of Hanukkah on Saturday night oh my goodness why
do they keep doing that are they anti uh anti intelligent is that what their problem is over there
they keep every time we have another Jewish holiday this scheduled another home hockey game we
air we go days and days and days no home games then as soon as it becomes young Kipper hey here's
a Panther game as soon as it becomes the first full day of hot Shinuka hey and of course it's not
one of those like solemn holidays even I know that so don't use that as an excuse the fact
that we're playing a crappy team like the Washington Crapidels that's a good excuse not to go but
please come anyway please did Jacob call by the way to sit in my seat on Saturday night did not
how about in my lap come on Jacob I won't tell 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
here's Miami hello hello yes sir yeah I was just gonna want to make a comment on the uh the
abortion thing earlier you you mentioned yes sir are you a smoker by the way do you smoke cigarettes no
I don't oh damn I don't mean to sound like a right-winger yes I don't want to sound like a right-winger
aha fun but I think I maybe a better solution and as true as that data might be about the
the two things of crime going down with the abortion being in effect I think maybe a better solution
instead of like killing the babies might be just to learn to love them instead of oh yeah they
learned to love them that's a good general it's ever done on you though to the people first of all
they're beating them up they're beating the crap out because they didn't want them in the first
place exactly and they become abused you're running and of course we know about abused people are the
ones that abuse other people and kill people do stuff like that true true that's what I'm saying
that why would you love a child that you didn't want in the first place well that's what I'm saying
is that you got to teach the people to love the children and how do you do that how do you teach
people to love somebody how do you do that well do we bring back John Lennon and getting together
with Yoko Ohno again and I don't think that they can run around saying you give peace a chance you
know a lot of songs generally do it you learn the theory the theory is great pal but you got
to come into the real world well unfortunately that's that's what's wrong with it with the world
right now is that it's not living the reality of the real world that is the real world learning to
love people is the real world this however is real what's that I said have a great holiday
56705 60 see all you guys do is say Israel right by their circuit in panicky okay I wasn't talking
to talk I just said Israel 56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line yeah we don't want to hear
all that you talk okay Rogers we don't want to hear that you talk oh there you go there's some
you talk I don't get it I don't make you feel better to go there is that what it's all about
does it make you feel like you're a part of like the elks or the koanis or the rotary or the
emasonic lodge god forbid oh and by the way was it the night to Columbus this book that I'm
reading Hitler's Pope I think was the night to Columbus is not a good Catholic organization yes
but also never met an Nazi they didn't like back in those days yeah so many Catholic organizations
including the Pope of course mr. Pusom sopias better than you are and of course the excuse says wow
this is a good way to keep out the commoners we got to find some is that we like so that why not
the facet Mussolini Hitler never met a fascist they didn't like here's Fort Myers hello
yeah knew I wanted to let you know I'm on my way to Blocsy Mississippi to punch my brains out
oh god I've been there twice this would be my third trip and I love it really yeah everybody tells me
it's pretty good of course I won't go there because they don't let Jews in Blocsy well you know
over here in Fort Myers the big deal is the county fair and rodeo and of course you don't have any
Jews in Fort Myers so you guys can all go you know there's nothing you know like watching a red neck
and tight pants grab a bull by the horns you know so that's our big thing for entertainment over here
so any you can cross the street and have a good time you probably come over here to hire Leah
during noon hour any day the weekend watch the cock fights and get more entertainment that you
got in high and we could just get some bullials over here to stop traffic you know okay okay I mean
any we're posted over about 50,000 over the weekend I mean any any kind of excitement I mean we
don't even have minorities over here so boring damn it's pathetic yeah we're like the fire hydrant
exactly everybody stops just you know P on it well I'll bring my dogs by this weekend I hear they're
like the P on they do yeah well I have a great you know what you need to be the drop for casinos you
don't have a drop to that like a little you know but they'll go on off the whistle something like that oh
yeah we we got that have a great day that's what I do okay take a bite take a bite get out of here
we need a drop in for casinos we need a drop for nine things so what is he talking about five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line the out of timeline where we just had that great call
from the guy that's good to galaxy Mississippi from Fort Myers 877 suck Neil S.U.K. any I.L.
That's a good way to do it isn't it just to him you spell it right out when it out spell it out
because some of the people out there they're a little bit like Frater you're not not too smart not too
smart they look kind of like dumb you ever notice listening to some of these calls I have some of
just like a little a little bit dumb here's a lady mobile in Miami hello hello yes man
well I figured you always say you don't get enough calls and you don't get very many from women so
I figured I break your trend well good for you you're our first woman caller today sweetheart oh my
friend all right on Hanukkah Hanukkah is a holiday against assimilation it's wise the happiness
not the Romans the Assyrian Greeks who wanted very much like it is today everybody to be a like
and have no differences and they came in and they defecated the temple and I is right when they
came back and cleaned it up the word Hanukkah just means re-dedication they cleaned it up and they
re-dedicated you could go to a panther game you could enjoy yeah yeah you need to go to show
write some handles and this if giving is a bunch of garbage now let me ask you how many
particular I could do I have to because they're not allowed on the edge inside it's all
carbohydrate it turns right to sugar but I do love in fact if corkies were still open or north
by me beach I'd probably take off in about 20 minutes and go there right now I think you're
up in Broward now isn't there a corkies up in somewhere around there I think so I'm not
really sure where somewhere I think somewhere there's a corkies that still has those great
little potato lockers I'm on that again so I'm never fine that's right yeah you can't have the
jelly donuts either I mean people it's not less as is not even a religious thing as there it's
not even a ritual just became a habit in Israel they eat that's why I said that bad word they eat
jelly donuts the eat jelly donuts yeah the idea is something cooked in oil so you know you're
an atkins go have a good piece of the oil okay sounds good maybe cow sounds good yeah as far as
the loving the children instead of the these anti-abortion thing I have adopted daughter I am
thrilled that I have her she's 30 years old both to the children of her genre this is before
there was massive drugs have cost parents who does of money with learning disabilities emotional
problems and other things she was worth I have to tell you when I look around at a lot of them
they really caused the parents a lot of problems and I don't think it's anyone's business what you
do with your body exactly you know tell these right wingers to get lost please to find a life
I have a happy Chinooka and I guess I guess I can see and do you eat too many jelly donuts
make me because they like to suck the jelly out of the donut maybe that's what it's all about
huh or maybe they'd like to stuff yeah they like to suck the jelly out of the donut and stuff
with the Reese's peanut butter cut get the honey tune yeah nine minutes after 11 at five 60 WQM
millions have converted for fun and profit now you two can turn your pagan ways around at
Earl stripes will convert any goi for just 99 95 that's right listen to one of our successful
graduates oh Ken I shall learn Malakay Hasealem at Earl stripes will convert anyone into a Jew
translated means sorry I must have left my wallet at home
and Alex
translated means stewardess did you make sure to give me a kosher meal
and Alex Mahalakay Hasealem
Hasealem
translated yes rabbi the check is in the mail yes you two can convert into a Jew for just 99 95
that Earl stripes is act now and get a free yardside candle for just 10 dollars
Earl stripes will convert any goi for just 99 95 or more if we can
how the hell miss the three backwards for Christ sake come 14 at five 60 don't do it for Christ
eggs do it for Yeshua a Florida woman given away by her hairstyle was sentenced by a Jamaican judge
to 12 months in prison for smuggling cocaine in her hair a newspaper reported on Tuesday
surewanda brown pleaded guilty to charges of possession and dealing in nearly 2.2 pounds of cocaine
the court was told that brown accused police the aroused police suspicion before she
boarded an air Jamaica flight to Orlando never November 14 because she had unusually high hair
and she didn't look like Carmen Miranda asserts reveal the package of cocaine wrapped in a stocking
stuffed in her hair at the time brown told police she had put the package there as a treatment for
her hair her lawyer Earl Wright pleaded with Earl stripes pleaded with magistrate joys bed at
to find brown saying his client was the mother to free but to whatever his client was the mother
of two young children face of her economic difficulties there we go again a good case for abortion
sports sterilization your honor she don't anyway try to deceive this court someone
trick to write said she can't say that mr. right to judge said the police took it from off her
head 12 months come months in jail for surewanda and as if that isn't exciting enough from the
fax machine here come eight hundred and eighty five pages of good stuff about Chanooka
Hanukkah which means dedication also is referred to as the festival of lights is a Jewish fest and by
the way this is under minor holidays including Purim how do you like that according to these
vases here these heathens Purim is only a minor holiday at the firm they just don't get the good
humontosh and I guess they must get those little still rotten ones those hockey pucks they'd realize
how major a holiday Purim is if they had the good stuff mm those good stuff soft ones we get from
the what's in it of that bakery pastry lane is that it mm which I think they shine this this last
year anyway the festival of lights is Jewish festival beginning on the Hebrew date of the 25th of
kiss lab and the in last for eight days through the second of tevet this year that corresponds to
December 4th through December 11th Hanukkah commemorates the victory of the macabees led by juda over the
holonomistic Syrians and a revolt took place around 165 BCE the Jews used BCE before the
commoner and CE the commoner instead of BC and AD because they don't believe in Yusky the victory
in itself is considered a miracle but Jewish legend gives an additional explanation for the
Hanukkah rituals explained below once the temple mounted Jerusalem had been reclaimed the temple
had to be rededicated the coin to legend only one jar of Sacramento olive oil was found
enough for one day miraculously it doesn't say olive oil miraculously the oil probably was like
a canola the oil miraculously burned for eight days the eight days of Hanukkah how do you like that
oh the most important Hanukkah ritual is the candle lighting of course and you have to stand over
there and dovet over the candles like my Bubba used to do as per say on Friday nights on
Shabbos is standing with your hands and nobody but a little bit about Iberu I'm not or not yeah yeah
and you duel a lot and that cast the magic spell you do a lot because your hungry for those
potato lock is in maybe for those jelly donuts each night one more candle is added the middle
candle called the shamash is used to light each of the other candles and it's lit every night
I never heard that before shamash did you ever hear that the middle finger was called
therefore on the first night of Chanukkah two candles are lit the shamash and the candle for
the first night and on the last night there are nine candles lit it is traditional to eat foods
fried in oil oh my god
during Hanukkah some of these of course are potato lockies which I would make an exception there
like those great little potato lockies from corkies and uh soofganyote which is jelly donuts what
is that like posk good nyaksu ofganyote that must be the same thing and it goes down about the
draodles and about the letters none gimmel hay pay nes goodle haya whatever all that I don't
know what that means that's the letters on the sides of the adradle draodle a yiddish word
drive derived derived from the jerman drahten means to turn the game is played by literally turning
spinning the drahtle top and waiting to see which letter will show face up when the drahtle
stops spinning in falls or is it just going to be a dollar sign card playing on Hanukkah that's
right a tradition to begin in the middle ages among older yashiva students those old havaat house
escapees at Hanukkah time a respite from the study was permitted and students expressed it
during the holiday by involving themselves in an open game of chance the tradition of playing cards
continues until this day cheese delicacies also on Hanukkah when you drink it off of that good
holiday wine you also cut the cheese and what could be better than Hanukkah a good holiday goose
it says never pass up a good goose in early centuries it was common practice to use the fat of
the father prepare holiday delicacies because goose is so fatty a bird it became traditional to serve
goose on Hanukkah and to render its fat some of which was set aside for use on the Passover
on the Passover that's like an April let's see just in January February March and okay like a
little bit gaming between like uh oh oh Jesus god so there you go we're getting a great education
here in spite of the audience which is they're all out there going to show yeah that's right
they're busy shopping till they drop for gifts they don't know what it's all about
uh potato lockies in donuts it says are two of the favorite Hanukkah foods among the world
but in Israel donuts are equally as popular as pancakes what the two haven't come in again is oil
both being deep fried and very very bad for you are symbolic of the curse of the cruise of oil
which miraculously burned for eight days and it's got even a little recipe here for potato lockies
mm-hmm I do like those can't have them but I sure do like those those great little
especially like a little nice and crisp bunny outside like almost burnt not burned but almost burnt
here's the mobile informiers hello hi Neil how are you pretty good sir
I talked to a couple times in the past uh never mentioned this to you in our previous conversations
I'm a rabbi over here oh hey I have a little Hanukkah kid but everything you just read was wonderful
uh huh and and pretty accurate but I have something I think there's a shul in four mayors
there's a lottery forum and we have a conservative shul yeah no orthodox though
well there's a hapad house but there's no there's the only real orthodox people here are the actual
hapad rabbi in his family the geckys yeah yeah here's the story
I love that's one of my favorite words in the world geckys but anyway I'm sorry that's okay
we have two sources for the history of Hanukkah yes one is the book of macadies and that was written
pretty close to the time that the events took place the second source is the tomad which is
at least six hundred six hundred fifty years later the book of macadies doesn't say a word about
oil burning for eight days it's only about the military victory the tomad almost ignores the
military victory and only talks about this oil burning for eight days what happened in between the
tomad or I should say in between the book of macadies and the tomad was that the macadies
themselves that has mony and dynasty that defeated the Syrian Greeks he came pretty howonized
themselves and so when the book of macadies is written these guys are heroes by the time the
tomad comes along they're no longer in favor their fate maybe came corrupted themselves
the tomad ignores them and this legend of the oil is created is a couple of covers the reason
for Hanukkah being eight days long is because they modeled it after the holiday of Sukhas and the
eighth day of Sukhas really is culture union of seren but I like Sukhas much better than Hanukkah
Sukhas is a much yeah that they modeled it after that and the oil comes up six hundred fifty years
later as a as a legend to uh... allege of all the military victory of uh...
of the macadies yeah all i do like the way i like the sound of that of the macadies it just
just i've always liked that yeah yeah anyway another bubble my see okay thank you so much my friend
uh thank you and have a great time now whatever it's going to be it's going to be as eastern
Hanukkah baby okay and if he's in a place off to it's never too early to start
yeah but keep that goose fat in the uh... in the refrigerator exactly don't have to
tell you what i don't have to put your goose yes a little tip uh... about the lakis
leave it to a dude for a little tip yes sir if you smother him in sour cream
mm-hmm not so bad i agree i though i love that okay thanks a lot i'm going right now thanks
that was our side isn't we're going for a potato lock is right now smothered slathered in sour cream
they brought a stuff before you know who did corkies tomorrow maybe a thank for uh...
um... tomorrow corkies doesn't know it yet but they're bringing us some of the whole bunch of
those great little potato pancakes slathered with real good sour cream that has no carbohydrates
in it by the way even though the potato pancakes do and we don't care because we're not doing
the addkins on a Jewish holidays how can you do the addkins and beaten jelly though much anyway so
i mean you know you're damned if you do and then if you would don't how about we do i'll tell you
what we'll have potato pancakes and crispy cream or maybe the dunkin donuts people tomorrow being
friday i don't know what the first thing did to piss them off but they don't show up anymore
the first team pissed them off they must have they probably found out that jeth de force
they really Jewish i mean they love us after the after they heard the jeth de force say that the
cup capricio restaurante oh my god i mean i know that de florist is a total sellout but that
thing is just so unconscionable so goyish capricio restaurante makes you long for the days when
Lenny martes used to do more spots don't do it not on not air of uh... hannika don't do it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teal and let's hear from some Jews
around the world today who smoke cigarettes hey i wonder if you can smoke cigarettes on hannika
how about chocolate cigarettes what holiday the uh now that that's true as a kid i can remember
we used to have chocolate cigarettes and they were they associated with one of the holidays
that i remember which one maybe was pays off but you would definitely talk with cigarettes
eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five is a worldwide line eight seven seven
suck nil suk and you know please here's for a lot of the hello
i'm going to be on the whole i'm going to be very i'm going to be on but i would like to say that
i'm also a smoker that doesn't intend to quit anytime soon good for you i'm i'm on your side
i don't smoke no cigarettes but i'm going to tell you right now i'm getting sick and tired
of the militant anti smokers and the phony baloney government that just subsidizes the back of growers
and then tries to punish and sue everybody i'm getting real sick and tired of them they like the
tax money but they don't uh... you know what i will however that goes yeah no nil the thing
that's really despicable is uh... at the end uh... uh... the smokers is though it's pretty bad but
the worst thing is if you've been smoking for fifty years and then you decide all of a sudden you
want to sue okay like you're not responsible for the activity i mean but there's nothing wrong with it
you enjoy a cigar i enjoy cigarette and that's it what's wrong with a good bag of you know that's right i'm
smoking on it in a cigarette too right all right and also i don't forget to love those children
nil oh god you know i get to say about that listen to this nil it's better no life than a miserable
horrible abused life okay there you go okay nil god bless you sir thanks i'll pray for apple my
hands together for you right now five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen
t-line eight seven seven suck nil on the worldwide line eleven twenty seven by the way you got
kates myth on bh one there she looks really big fat and robust look what happened to her
cheat that happened because she was smoking no no happened because she you fat and have a stroke i
believe and then turn into a little little puddle in the middle of the wheelchair here's kates bye bye goodbye
wheeler all one more time come on she couldn't look any worse now than she did that last time
they wheeled her out there on tv oh that was just grotesque here's what used to be kates myth
everybody to wave goodbye one last time she waits about four pounds i'm hyperventerally
now i'm not like the guy and the guy you're doing an impression on other people's
bad business what you do is up to you why some folks care is the okay i thought this country
was free as far as what anybody else likes to do i like to smoke don't see relax and i'm aware
of the cancer and the heart attacks is the meantime i'm as healthy as i could get
but these two laws are getting me pissed and i'd like to strangle the son of a bitch that tells
me not to smoke my cigarette smoke smoke that cigarette
smoke i don't care if i smoke my health again i don't give a crap what you say now get the hell out
of my way now you can't smoke it most restaurants or florets or rings or even bars it's the most
fascist agenda i've seen yeah i don't need any judgment passed on me by some think of
money as that just because i'm smoking it's cigarette
oh it's smoke that cigarette oh right
oh smoke that don't care if i smoke my health again i just want to have a little fun so get
your hands out of my lungs cigarette the one two screams the most these
seems about how dangerous cigarettes can be or smoking me jeez i guess it's okay for them
if you want any more as i smoke and laws fast let me bed right over and you can just
buy us what's going to happen other cigarette
smoke smoke smoke that cigarette
here smoke smoke that don't care if i smoke my health again now get the hell out of my way or else i'll
blow smoke it or things go south further i'll blow another cigarette
okay we heard from a one person today who's a smoker and doesn't want to quit and is sick and
tired of being proud beaten the button he's the only one i guess because all the rest of
the brain washed in the you know you're filthy and evil and your hands are all like all
this colored and your teeth are like this colored and smell really bad and etc which is a good point
but nevertheless we don't hold it against you in fact i'd rather be around somebody that smokes
than somebody who's fat and disgusting and oozing all over like Josh Friedman and smells real bad
but anyway here's the fact speaking of that it says the high need i was listening to your show a
few days ago and you were talking as if all black people are criminals and live in the worst
neighborhood uh-huh i don't know where you get your ideas from i made decent black to make
in woman uh-oh wait a minute you know i'll be more on time oh seriously there a black a decent
black to make in woman isn't that a noxie moron uh-huh you mean an imperious obnoxious the
condescending piece of crack is that what you really mean uh-huh thank you who lives in one of the
best neighborhood which is jack-or-right election plantation which is 99.9 percent white see there's
always one cigarette a wood pile i told you she says you fat bald head bastard not bald headed
you fat bald head bastard is what she says yeah man i didn't say that what does it say you say
that um all black people are criminals live there where i didn't say that i just said most
let's say all that was wrong with you bitch oh she's you making i'm sorry
speaks for itself it was then in priest caught with the 11 kilos of cocaine hidden beneath his
casak told police he was trafficking the drugs to save a struggling daycare center
in sail power over zil yeah police got father George saliva trying to board a flight from sail
palo to honest it on boy in what the priest said was this fifth international drug run
drugs for christ baby we're gonna save the boys in a hood
saliba said each delivery paid 30 grand money that they said went to church sponsored children's
daycare center and say oh palos poor urban neighborhood of fraguesia fraguesia the oh do oh yeah
that's the last part of the award it's uh oh news where i hintia estato said
Brazil while not a major producing nation of drugs is sometimes used as a way station by smugglers
trying to get drugs to rich markets in a federal probe underway here a long list of prominent
officials were implicated last week in drug trafficking including a well-known university professor
and a former president of a local soccer team all right if you don't like her soccer
here you go and if you do like her poker 1135 at five sixty wcument by some a little bit in
coherent it's because i've had like enough to see sixteen packages of pork wines with that
delicious and this is from market friend alan over there at delights walled in farms calorie-free blue
cheese dip the pork wines have zero carbs none and the blue cheese dip has zero carbs so you can
go into lunchtime and monies time and i'm sure that mom you'll have some great potato
lockies won't you no she knows i can't eat that although i will be very upset and disappointed if
she doesn't five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t line
our tool free number for the rest of the universe eight seven seven seven eight five nil seven
eight five sixty three forty five here's coral springs hello
coral springs he's gone here's the homestead hello good morning sir how are you okay
still morning a couple things you tell my corkies we used to drive from south mimia corkies
north mimia beach just to eat the potato pancakes of course absolutely that was the
handle sauce they had they had apple sauce and sour cream and all that what you wanted was the
the dill pickles and the little pancakes with the sour cream absolutely all you want the rest
was windowed resting exactly but uh... so we got there several years ago i remember what was in
places gone and a couple years back i found the neighborhood i think exactly i found in the
frozen food section of my my local public uh... corkies uh... potato pancakes but not the same
there are no it's some company out of Chicago bought the trademark and they are crap right i mean
they are crap golden makes a good frozen one but not like corkies oh no hell no there's nothing
like corkies okay second thing i'm a smoker who doesn't uh... choose to quit
and i find it uh... offensive the way people treat you right uh... in public you can be
standing like some kind of a leopard now that you like it actually yeah you stand you stand in
and uh... and uh... outside the mall or whatever and you pull a cigarette out your pocket
everybody looks at you like you know you're you're only in america by the way sir only here this
is the only country in the world where the public has been conditioned to treat you smoking
back to like a bunch of criminals because there are one else in the world smoke cigarettes that's
right you got a uh... uh... uh... europe or uh... each it for a while there in an accident they were all
smoking something either uh... you know you know i'm saying something well that's that's that's
that and by the way they rule their own over there i'm not talking just about we but i'm talking
about cigarettes here some of them you know they buy the pack but it's a lot cheaper and most of
the people over their role their own cigarettes the same in the middle east there you go okay the
reason i call this fda crap that's going on this this uh... i just found out about this like
yesterday i don't know what when this crap started trying to control nicotine they haven't got
a china in chance the article today the good news for is the supreme court says no right get serious
well i i'm surprised that you missed a really salient point in this whole damn thing yeah uh... whatever
that you want to call this uh... the debacle going on with the fda if they want to control something
control pot yeah yeah i mean that was good on the right action the crap of cigarette now they're
not going to do it to america man maybe another fifty maybe another hundred years but i mean that's
but that's a realistic goal yeah controlling cigarettes is an unrealistic goal i mean the politicians
and the heli's people in in control of our lives uh... are doing absolutely nothing worth
what if i see the media their co-conspirators and they work with the federal government the brainwashed
the public about the evils of the wicked weed the evils of smoking cigarettes etc and so on for
some reason they don't talk too much about the evils of sugar and the evils of the right you're
right you know you're absolutely correct sir and on that note i will go white up and have a great
hall of the equipment there you go he's going to like one up right now i think about he don't
apologize how do you like that he's going to start puffing on the bag right now five six seven oh five
sixty but just i think america's general version of the fact that i think that's part of the problem five
six seven oh five six and we got four hundred open lines for you by the way we're having a real
intellectual discussion about Hanukkah and about christmas and about smoking and about all of these
things and about abortion and about how come there's not so much crime anymore is there used to be
since we have abortions and we don't have somebody unwanted kill kids killing people etc
fifty million things out there under play including those great little potato luckis
this is five sixty two a.m.
Neil Gah
all right this one goes out to Jeffrey Dahmer sorry couldn't be here very proud of you
jack nuts roasting on an open fire now i'm nibbling on his nose
yeah thank you very much my anticipation makes me start to put fire now his liver pate is on my toast
everybody knows his pinky and his little toe
oh
hard to find when eating light
saute flesh and to eyes in a bowl will be part of my snack tonight some people say that i am sick
because i eat human eyeballs on a stick
and that one sitting i am gonna try to down a torso or leg and a five and so i'm taking out my power
saw to dice some heads for human stew it puts the lotion in the basket but there's one thing
i know i'll never make reservations
give it up for gays beyond 10 it's eleven forty five and five sixty w came i was just telling
George one night at about two thirty in the morning i come in and i'm standing in my hotel room i turn on the tv i'm flipping
the channels and there is like the last twenty five minutes or so of the hit your all my all time favorite movies
with the speaking of finger foods with rucker hower and see Thomas howl make it and they're just at
the point of the scene where we talked about on effects what's that effects where they uh
they clipped out that scene there where he spits in rucker howers face
and of course they're just at that point and they bring Tom howl in there and he looks at him and he
grabs his hand between and the way he put his hand between his two hands by the way was also a little bit suggestive
and Tom howl spits in his face and of course did they bleed but out of course not
and because i haven't seen the original one in so long the unbleed that one and then you see
rucker hower taking his hand as they drag Tom howl oh that was a bad idea let's get him out of here
and he like is rubbing the spittle against around his chin you know like with a big smile on his face
i mean if there isn't something pseudo psychosexual about all of that then my name ain't uh
whatever i made up you know what i'm saying that's right
very interesting movie five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line
eight seven seven on a tool free line eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five
here's the mobile and west pond beach hello
eight seven seven out of five would have phone up
yeah okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line like i just said
here's a mobile and four-letter deal hello hello
two in a row two in a row how do you like this
yeah are you there i'm here i'd have been here 20 seconds ago if you had your radio turned down
well we're not perfect you know i know we're just trying to drive the car and talk on the telephone
at the same time i know and for most of you not probably not a good idea but anyway
well good morning happy uh conica well i'm so happy the Irish people are getting along today
we're going to be able to have no more wars the blow each other up in peace right
exactly uh huh right like the middle east piece of core we've got our 85th one just in the last
ten years it's great here's wonderful he said it's a great day for the Irish that that's what the
George Mitchell said he said it's a great day for the Irish and Al Goldstein said i hate the Irish
but there you go yeah but Al Goldstein he's the best he's got all the beautiful women right
that's what he says okay well the reason i was calling was just to say good morning and also
that every time when you leave town and you put George on the uh run the show uh huh it's
over life is over life is over i got no force here if that's the case how come George had 85
million calls here last week and even my close friend Eddie Moss called up here on Monday it's
said oh you know what George was on the phone to ring it off the hook and everybody was all
whipped up and they were frenzy and they're all calling and bap bap bap bap this and that how come
that's the case and when i come back i sit here for the fourth day and a row today begging and
pleading for somebody to talk to why is that because we're glad to have your back oh you're glad
to have me back so i can sit here and suffer and nobody will talk to me thank you so you make
a hell of a lot of sense as in i hate the Irish right
god yeah it was all over George it was all over it's always over and those tapes were so great
that i and ask in all week if anybody heard the tape on Thanksgiving day and the Friday that followed
last year's the and Friday i finally got two people to call it couldn't tell me what i was talking
about the last Thursday and Friday i was old boring best of tapes everybody's got a story everybody's
got another story but for me i'm used to it it's 23 years of the same old tired crap nobody's
got anything to say and especially the masses out there were a bunch of pussy because they don't
have the guts to call up and disagree or say something that might be a little bit contrary
Mary we got 50 open lines right now okay i'm looking at the board we got a few calls on
there but we could be doing a hell of a lot better i'll tell you that we can have 600 calls on
here right now and i feel a lot better about it not that i necessarily want to talk to
many of them but it's you know it's like a uh i don't know you know what i'm talking about don't
you no here's my any hello yes as my brain tries on a cell phone yes are we talking corkies
potato pancakes we know who bought that company but Vienna Vienna beef hot dogs body i do like the
end of e-piax by the way yeah and the the ingredients those good are weenies yeah they are and the
ingredients on the pancakes are exactly the same as when corkies made them you're you're talking
about the frozen ones yeah no they're not it's not the same it is a you know the way that is
frozen is never the same as the original well corkies used to freeze them too yeah but they actually
improved on another oh you kosher and it's uh i think the better way okay yeah now we don't we don't
want froze we want the real thing brought in here tomorrow we want to see if we still have the touch
you know what i'm saying he uses them from Vienna beef he buys them but i don't got to care where
he gets him i want them to slap us in some stuff tomorrow all right i'll give him a call okay thanks
and we want some kisky too by the way there's nothing new with Hanukkah i don't think but nevertheless
oh yeah quote i wish that villa deli we're still open on out and road on the beach boy that was
that was as good as it gets the villa deli there aha what a sad day what now what's the place down
the street the market the uh not kosher market it's not kosher but the uh not a story no no the big
market down the street from the villa deli on out and road the the epicure sponsor mine about 800
different times over the years i'm sure they must still be open see nothing is the same anymore
on the beach you know like the old famous boy there was the best restaurant that ever existed in
this town i think a lot of people choose especially but also some goyem would agree with me that was
one of the very best restaurants that ever opened its doors in this town with the famous restaurant
i'll watch the avenue and then we started having changing neighborhoods again you know and instead
of the kisky in the matzibals we started with a paella and rice and that's direct you know
Georgia's people started moving in and as soon as Georgia's people move in the Jews they go
in a one like crazy to bokeh she weren't so racist oh were the ones that are racist
oh my god and guess what we're in the race we wind up in bokeh with what you got we're
you got you got a little havana you know what else you got you got pember pines pember flakes
centuries young and you know what you can have it even you moved out of there
and Georgia moved out of pember flakes all the Cubans were moving in too crowded here's hollywood
hey what's up nil how you doing sir hey the best thing see more paella every day for corkies was
then that company up to Wisconsin because uh let me tell you something it's a lot easier to work
with potatoes whereas the climate that's frozen and down here in 90 degree weather you know where the
potato gets a lot of movement of course you know who's famous for potatoes don't you sir
who the Irish i hate the Irish yeah but uh yeah he'll send you some over he's a good guy Mr.
Paley he is a good guy yeah about one more of our paley he was a good guy too I want to tell you
about this uh why is this um politician down here in Miami Joe um Joe come on you know the Cuban
woman that that's uh that's a representative for the house gionna rosanna danna this lady i'm so sick
of this lady i've been living out here 15 years and all the lady tried to do it's off the
yeah that's exactly right yeah trying to bust up relationships with with Cuba yeah those
people need to lift the embargo you know so Cuba people can have a home people over there so
they can fix their houses over there and and so get the goddamn casinos back too everything man
i mean this is the only glitch in the whole thing i and i don't need that but i guarantee
there's plenty of heroin added to over there we got to get the flights back every day from
american airline so we can get some good drugs over there too that's right we need another you
know another way to get it in here and if we can get those hand grenades over there on the
american airline flights then maybe the over there with that bearded bastard make everybody happy
what about those cigars man we can't even get those cigars down here we gotta go through
Canada some foreign country or we got to go to nix right there selling souvenirs and my
amy beach made in Cuba brought in through Canada yeah and we have an embargo with Cuba so
we're losing the battle man i'll tell you one thing you can buy those Cuban cigars in Amsterdam
you can yes you can yeah you can buy the most cigars to a bet all the good smokes
yeah i'm trying to trust you and i'm excited and happy hop on it and back to you okay very ex-mus
yeah the poor go in there left out you know christmas kind of a sad little holiday now
compared to Hanukkah's big time eight days big time
cradle cradle cradle cradle
so sad so so silly it's so silly and of course the gandons just silly with the kids with the
Easter eggs on you know on the lawn all the way do like they chop a Easter bunnies
huh Easter candy's good especially not the hollow bunnies a solid one oh yeah solid
hollow hollow were like oh awful because they're like real thin tindersy pointy
chinsy now we had about three pounds of chocolate on a plane coming back from Amsterdam
we're about those cream filled eggs mmm i love cream filled speaking of our friends at our
former friends at duck and donuts they could bring in jelly donuts tomorrow for a Hanukkah
and they don't have to talk to the morning guys they can just shine those guys huh what's wrong
with that see let's see if the duck and donuts guys have got any balls okay they can bring in
breakfast tomorrow morning bringing in the jelly donuts for Hanukkah and then we can have
corkies bringing the potato pancakes slathered with sour cream and then wind up with a tremendous
indigestion all we came along just before the back feed boys concerts on the night at the macarena
and the a panther game wins Saturday night by the way to Jacob calling yet oh don't want to go to the
game with me huh pretty sad commentary that i got that one empty seat because john refuses to go
to that game on Saturday night he just said he'd rather he said he'd rather play in traffic
then go see the panther game i can't blame be honest with you five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T line eight seven seven seven eight five uh whatever that is Neil
seven eight five sixty three forty five four minutes till noon we got Hanukkah
Brigadou we got the hurricane hotline at six from the uh hex center from the bent hex center
and eight to eleven we got the stelers and the jaguars and boys anybody doubt the outcome of that
this is five sixty two a.m. depots Tony sports showdown are you up to the challenge
no Saturday mornings and eight only on sports radio five sixty two a.m.
oh
you
check them
if
My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain it's my ain't it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain
My brains are gone I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't fit dry out with spice, girl I'm gonna fart on Dr. Dreas Yo, man, you can ask a hell no What do I smell at pain you look like? Well, since age 12 it seems like I always smell like
I thought ripping gasses in the juice was pretty swell I got pissed off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard
but I didn't turn my under ones backwards
Like Chris Cross. And every night I'm like, oh
then I had another 10 rounds, and none of my ass passes
I'm sad fate you ask you fat Smell this honey
anilot you'll be waiting for next month girl, cuz I don't give that up
God's thinks about the world, though
My ain it's my ain it's my ain it's 
My ain at my ain it's my ain't it's my ain-it's hell
My ain't the seasoned presidency, to make it stood back in junior high
Said the problem was something cold up my ass and died I shot him in the face with my vapor
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper
Walk in the strip club my testers will fill up move the bar can and took a dump of the tip club
Went over to a dancer had a fucking regards. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father
My life I was lied to
I just found out my mom got all gas and I do
I told her I throw up to be a famous rapper
They were acting about strange noise made on the crap
You know you was dirt when the living first lead
Drive the whole back, but she's but he didn't really
This guy a white cat was pretty cool. I had to go go drop the kids off and move
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
Couple two five fifty W two I am welcome to our big new to one hour
This is double chocolate cheesecake by the way from the lights of white smoke is pretty damn good too
You know, I'm just sitting here eating the whole thing right out of the yeah, huh almost no carbs
For a little no sugar. It's got asperity minute which by the way
Let me say it again the RC died cola with the splenda in it is splendid this
The after you used to the taste it doesn't taste the same as saccharine or a aspartane after the first 20 or 30
Two-liter containers, huh?
Seriously, I think it used to the taste. I'm just swinging that stuff down
Hmm. This is good
This is delicious
Well, I sure hope I have room for lunch today at Mars
What and then of course for the potato lot these we're gonna have tomorrow and the jelly donuts and I see the jelly donuts
I can't eat I will not eat well
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 5 6 be on the 18 P wireless line the out of town line not too good today
Had a couple of days this week when it was like yesterday. I do believe was pretty good
They had calls from my here and from there and over young but not today not too much activity
They're all about there buying their Hanukkah candles
Getting their Hanukkah belt ready whatever the highlight is
8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 D 5 C Hanukkah gelt I guess is for people not creative enough to buy a different gift every day
So they probably put a you know two cents plain and envelope
It's always leery about people like you've money for gifts like Georgia's birthday is this coming Monday and
Last couple years I have how many years in a row now last few years on Georgia's birthday
I give him a check as my way of rewarding him for the great work
They does and being underpaid under appreciated here especially
But I mean giving money for somebody's birthday or for holiday is so crass and I'm sure that he probably would turn it down
But nevertheless
Historical laughter well, you know, I guess he's got to wait another few months for his bonus until that quiet period gets over
With an a you know start reason the life cash. Yeah, I don't need that check a nice fruit basket will do okay
So you know just I had it halfway made out to right up to the dollar amount five six seven oh five sixty rhymes with Chixie
Come on. Let's get with it here today. We're solving the problem of why you're going to show why you're going to church
Do I don't know about that? I guess they go to mass on the Christmas isn't that like a big church going time
Christmas Eve or is that just the time we get ready to put all that crap under the under the Christmas tree? It depends on the culture
What do you mean by that the
Big celebrate
By the way forget about that. I want to talk about that. It's boring. It's for us being in that so I go to the doctor yesterday
Dr. Dick which I'm sorry for calling Dr. Polikov Dr. Bob, but I thought his name was Robert Robert Richard nice Jewish name
And David they're all the same with Evans is a mate, but his name happens to be Richard
So from now on we'll call him Dr. Dick and my good friend Gary who I know I mean really know what Gary is
Well, I think I do know what he is, but I mean, I don't know what his is he really like a doctor
No, he's like Igor. He's like a mad assistant
So he draws my blood and he's that that that I'm doing as usual yet to routine and
You can see you know not a bad job no pain in my right arm there
He found a nice vein and a drainable bruise like that drain the vein and as I'm getting all done a way to go
So in walks this guy, you know nice looking human guy who's the head of the lab?
Who came into personally apologize for the fact they screwed up my homo?
Sistine test from last time and this guy's got a whole kit under his arm
It's all a geez and I look at a couple minutes too late because I got this whole big battery of test that we do
It's like a $700 deal and they test the I mean air week like all the cells in your body
How much vitamins of every vitamin in between is in there and it's a very comprehensive run down
So you'll notice I also have a mark a very tiny mark on my look at a good job
He did on that one, huh? Just like a little prick on my left arm
So I've got a zillion dollars worth of test there and by the way, how much did I pay yesterday?
I was the show you see when they screwed up the first time and it's they were good. They were very nice about it
So if you get screwed over the best of the best philosophy is bitch about it
But it really especially helps if you have a radio show
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach hello
Hello, Bill. Yes, sir. I know what I wish you happy holidays and back to you sir
Thank you. Why but back to you
It's good to hear you again the last time I spoke you was several weeks ago
I'm the guy that referred to Miami politics as a banana republic. Yeah, it's being California since that I'm just getting back now
All I wanted to do all I really want to ask you what's new in Miami because the only news that we get out there in California
About Miami was that story about Miami Beach restaurant a Japanese and the searchers the black couple
Titanium they thought like no, there was no couple. We just one guy. Okay. Well, they thought that
I'm sure there's out there and the other and the other
Sprout chewing anti-smokers in California feel that the air in states government is so
I don't know. They're so nice this time if you're holidays season the gaves to let them the rules this little kid
That was on the raft that they rescued how I didn't stay
But the foreign we don't not discussing that sir not on this show. We don't discuss anything ever you do with Cuba on this show
Well, let's put it this way. This is the anti Cuba show. We just don't discuss it
We're hoping that if we close our eyes and the bay at the moon that two will just go away
And all the people who are obsessed with that Dreck
Well, listen, this is what bothers me about the whole situation. Are you not talking about you're not talking about that
Are you sir because I just got you saying we're not talking about that?
This is what I'm sure that was trying to call just to talk to you about that. Yeah
We're not talking about that. I know that's not what I'm pissed off about. What are you pissed off of?
I'm driving in
From out of state
What I wanted to do was call in because I didn't have to say that and obviously I'm not too happy that you did
Here's I almost forgot about this George's big prime co appearance this Saturday his birthday party and is the big appearance at
Prime Co at
1996 North Federal Highway between Oakland and commercial is that correct on the east side and wherever that is for a lot of now
Noon to two this Saturday go buy and see George
They'll have all kinds of giveaways for you also you can buy the best in the LCDs and cassettes for center one and also the key chains
They'll have there what I do my key chain every time I stick one of these in my pocket
Somebody grabs it. Yeah, it's hard to keep a hold of these and by the way
Can we have like a couple who doesn't more you think maybe the nephew has got a stagia in there?
They were supposed to be getting some work today. Yeah, I would hope you know
That's another thing this year with the center one thing
Air be little like the first CD that I said I'm so glad that I just thought I said to Duff that day
It's specs at the sawgrass mall at first appearance
I said hey, how about going over there and grab me one of the CDs so I can listen to it see how they sound
And I took it home and I put it in the pop that in the player and I went oh
Because if I wouldn't have done that that day
We'd have had a nightmare that nobody would have ever recovered from
That's right
So don't forget to go see George this Saturday noon to with the prime co six and 1996 North Federal Highway and tell them how much you like to show
Where my vacation and how I should get a lot more vacations
Because you like to show so much that sounds real good to me
Even on paid vacation sounds real good. You know, I don't know if they do that here
I know what I would be we used to have an option of taking like an extra couple of weeks a year if we didn't want
You know, I never did that
But wouldn't that be interesting?
That's a couple of extra weeks. We just didn't get paid for it
They probably go for that in the big way here, huh as long as we get the spots on
What
Nothing I think it go for that I think 15 or 16 weeks vacation is enough
9 minutes past noon at 560 WQA
Hi, this is Bill Zimperick
You're the WQAM.com for all the latest dolphins information in your country when great crisis playing beat the broadcaster
Sports Radio 560 WQAM
Can beat that gator meat
You know, I think it were again were so close in so many areas and
and I think out of
Improved a lot. I'm keeping building on it and it's just a matter of cutting down the air is better kill them
On the west side of the river
Or dead team that's going down
Down in the middle lands were the best game plans. I just throw out David Brown
When I dated
a fumble
Can't keep the ball off the floor
And if it gets off the path you can bet your path to the other teams gonna score
Go be bad
Or David Brown
For exception for each touchdown
It's like they haven't had them the wrong
Worst and the slightest
Now if you go down to this one plans and think you smell it all
You're not
Supposing that it's half a decent posing, but it's dead brown with the ball
If they've married
Lorraine of by
It's a child's off for both his hands
We might have been solution to the nasty evolution down in the middle land
They said David Brown is roast for it for section 4 each touchdown
All right, it's not for you having the run
In worst and the size of the sun
Go be bad
Sad
David Brown
If he got balls
Make the Mona Lisa proud
Did you chop off all his limbs
And give the ball back to all Phil Sins
I'm hot I got sick
I told you
Club 15 if I
Oh my god
Now see this is unbelievable I'm acceptable because now I've got to go to mommy's for lunch today
She's going to be psychotic I already had enough of that diet double chocolate killer low carb cake
And I had 16,000
Barbecue pork rinds and a half a gallon of that blue cheese no carb dressing. You don't have to have any of these
I
Mean that was quick service curkeys that just sends over thank you curkeys. We love you
Wouldn't surprise me if they're bunch of people what I'm gonna do is I'll take some of the mommy's as that
I won't eat them now. I'll take him over there. I'm bringing potato lockers, ma
We'll just put a couple on a plate. Is that applesauce that I see and foward cream
And sour cream all right all right
All right, boys and girls sports fans
We got potato lockers with applesauce and sour cream all right now. We're talking
We know monkey around on a show, baby
And you people talking about frozen only goi and eat frozen
Let me take a look at that. Mm-hmm
Wow a whole big platter of potato lock is no less enough for the Jewish army
Whoo oh
man
And they're cooked just the way I like them just a little yeah, crispy not burned
But like a stage beneath before being brilliant talking about just a little over cooked just perfect
Just one will do right now just for now to tie me over to no no just one don't be a goddamn potato pusher, okay?
You know what they say about potato pushers. I hate the Irish WQA am lunchtime
Hello, hello, yes, sir
Neil yes
Hold on WQ. I am that line
Speaking all right. How you doing buddy pretty good where you're coming from naples. Oh naples now we're talking all right
What do you think what do you think a large believe in her radio who you're here Mark Larson's leaving her radio the end of the year who's that
You know more Clarkson up in Tampa never heard of him. You never heard of him. No
He does before Bob's who
Not interested
She just like I told the guy yesterday. Yeah, we don't care. Don't you understand?
Good boring, okay, we don't care about Bob Lasseter about Mark Larson mark in the dark Don Larson, okay, we don't care
God some of you people on a west coast it must rub off that's like the chicken in the egg question of the day
With those people so boring before they got there or did it rub off or maybe that's why the area so boring over there in a west coast because the wrong people live there just like here
God that's all they want to talk about is the people that are land though they call all what you don't want real radio
We got to yeah, and then what's his name Jim Phillips up there and we got Mark Larson though
I never heard of Mark Larson. I have no idea who that is
Yeah, and by the way, these are some of the best guy that potato pancakes ever invented each your hearts out all you old Jews out there, huh man
Care your kishkish out because we're sitting here eating the great potato pancakes
You don't have to be in Jewish to enjoy Corpus potato lock is on thing that right now although it helps
Here's hi, Alia. Hello a meal happy holidays and back to you stand bursting and Spencer Ross won't said you don't have to be Jewish to enjoy the leavey
Yes, sir. I'm sorry. I love potato pancakes. Well, you want to for your right now. I can play and play
That's what I'm doing and you happy holidays to your buddy
I just I just want to say what's that?
I ask you what's the name of that comprehensive blood test that your doctor gave you that that gives you all the details regarding your blood
And all that stuff the other name of the procedure no, okay, because I want to ask my doctor about it secondly
How 700 bucks? Oh, it's be covered if you got medical insurance. Oh, that's right
I forgot about that which I don't have but in this case it was free. What's the only reason I said oh?
Yeah, here's the other arm. Yeah, I'd like to ask my doctor about it because I'd like to get one just you know to to keep tabs on my
I think it'd be real interesting. Yeah, gives you the whole breakdown of all the vitamins and all the nutrients and everything that's in your blood
That's great
Secondly, George wants to become a real serious AM talk show host or whatever the case may be you should change his last name nothing
Rodriguez nobody's gonna listen to guy in George Rodriguez on AM you can't just in this town
He already got a 90 share. Yeah, but he said but he's catering more towards
English speaking people out of the Spanish speaking. Yeah, and your drodgers
George Rod maybe better George Rod
Certainly George
Just George Jeff George. I'm a horde hero. Okay, but anyway, I also wanted to tell you that mom. Hello
Yeah, right
I just want to
As Rucker Howard said mama la finger
Ha ha ha
Mama or you know, but anyway getting getting over to the topic that the Rucker Howard said mama la finger
By the way, what was his name in the movie he had a name his name is John in what movie in the hitchor
We can't ask him what's your name and and the seat Thomas Halses his name is John. I just don't know
Oh, I forget can't remember his name of the great movie the HBO movie by the way tremendous movie. No, then HBO movie right
I just wanted to comment because I use marijuana from time to time. Oh no
You from time to time. Yeah, I'm not me
And it's good stuff
He was sitting my hotel room and Amsterdam with a bunch of Ben and Jerry's cartons and the
Allows. That's another reason. I don't understand why you go there if you're into drugs
What does that mean? You always talk about everybody always is getting high over there
I never said everybody is getting high the people of wana get high they get high not everybody's getting high
Yeah, but you said everybody over there is doing what they want to do and then you have all the shamekin the blacks
Are the ones who control the drug?
Beeling
Didn't you say that I said that out in the streets the illegal drug peddling that goes on
There's not that many of them, but there are a few here and a few there and they're annoying and they stand in the middle of the streets
Coke coke crack, you know, and they solicit you for to buy illegal drugs and it's their Jamaicans
No, they're not Jamaicans. They're from like the Dutch and Tillies
And they got black huh? I think you said they were black
They are they're from the Netherlands and Tillies. They're from the Caribbean. Have you ever seen any white people in the Caribbean? No, wow
Yeah, well okay, you've never heard of a white drug dealer. Yeah, really not now if there's maybe an argument
But I just I use marijuana from time to time, but I don't believe that it should be legalized
Why not? Well because that that industry which it is and the drug industry is really usually intertwined with people that also
Be a heroin and cocaine whatever whatever. There's a marijuana dealer. There's a cocaine dealer. Oh, yeah, right
Like when you walk into cafes in Amsterdam they're selling a cocaine and heroin not
No, yeah here here in the United States
That's the whole point if you decriminalize marijuana it takes that element out of it
It also takes the crap out of whatever you're buying on the street
So people are getting buying a pig and a poke
Yeah, but just because I smoke one of those I mean that it's okay
The heroin or cocaine which are highly addictive drugs. I think nobody is suggesting heroin and cocaine are not legal in the Netherlands
And nobody with a brain is suggesting that they should be legal a year, okay?
Thank God and have a great day. Oh my god. He must be related to the guy that called uh that was doing the double talk before
Remember the guy that called that one day said Neil what do you consider a good call the last two was not it
I can't tell you what I what is it, but the last two definitely that was not it
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
Too much weed all your kids are out there a little weed not too bad
But too much weed to be just like this last guy talking crap
ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line still waiting for a great call on the out of town line from somebody who doesn't want to talk about boring radio stations, okay
Oh, man. I'm telling you that West Coast of this state
I really pity you I said my deepest condolences
To those of you good people who are forced to live over on that coast. I mean what you got we got our problems here believe you me
But what you got over there you talk about desperate you talk about getting a search party
To find people with IQ larger than their finger
877
785
6345 that's our out of town line number toll free for the whole USA allegedly
Although I have people fact in the city still can't get through from various places and I believe that
I believe that then and I believe it now here's my maybe chill out
Hi Neil. Uh-huh. How you doing? Okay, so off of my maybe yes, so I'm sitting there Villa deli was the best wasn't that great
Yeah, but you know what I never heard you talk about the epicure still there epicure, but they sold it now a new family
From California company is taking you taking it over now. Oh
Oh, I'll never be the same. You know, how come you never mentioned when you talk about steak do you know?
The Christine leaves sure oh they hit the best stick ever had it was good very good
How about this one how Christine was was overpriced?
But it was very good. I'll take you back just a little
How about pop of the home restaurant don't put me out but take me back how never put you out of the one
Top of the hole in Hollywood. Oh, that was great. Whoo. That was sensational. It came. He's top of the home right that was fantastic
How do I do it? Am I right about the famous you're right wasn't the famous the best that was it my friend. Oh, how those potato pancakes great delicious
It's also okay as deep I would say delicious also have it right there circus. Oh
Oh
That was Sal I think you just went over the edge
On the beach. Well, he just looked out the window. It was all those Cubans
Oh, that was delicious. Yeah, that was like like I said default. It's a delish. Also, you're such a goi decode
Get out of the house once in a while, where you? I'm not just talking about when your wife kicks you out
I mean, just like in general get out of the house besides the track
Here's Evan Ture hello
What about abortion?
Abortion.
Yes sir.
You're a foreigner?
Yeah, I'm a foreigner.
Where are you from?
From Finland.
Oh, from Finland, alright.
I've been in Helsinki.
Yeah.
Very civilized city.
I like it very much.
It sure is.
Anyway, in my country, I have a woman bus to have an abortion.
Who's after him?
He gets an abortion.
There are a few more runs in my country too, who think this is murder.
So all of you have to watch the video.
You know, not to get an abortion.
Right.
But not to recite a force they believe on other people.
Over here, I see these people, you know, the Christian college and the right to life first.
It's unbelievable.
Religious nut.
Religious nut.
America's overrun with religious nuts.
Yeah, that's right.
Which in Scandinavia, of course, you don't have too many.
Hmm.
And in Netherlands, we don't let any of them in.
So that's good.
So any of them across the Germany, let them deal with them.
What are your own special ways?
I've mentioned that I've seen that, you know, doctors getting killed, abortion claims getting bombed.
I've seen one of the demonstration of right to life first, you know, an abortion clinic.
Right.
I have a message for them.
Good.
I look at their woman.
They were ugly and fat.
They have no worry about getting abortion because I don't think any of them are right.
Mine would impregnate.
Exactly.
Maybe Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles, but no way.
Maybe that I doubt that.
And they got near the smell.
They probably don't like that.
Yeah, that's right.
And they're mild breathing, husband or random.
And what man has to do with an abortion?
Exactly.
When a man gets pregnant, he can open his mind.
Otherwise, shut up, but let's-
Excellent.
Nice job, Hal.
So nice job, he's-
See in Helsinki.
Yeah.
I'll start with whatever that means in Dutch.
Yeah, isn't everybody in Amsterdam on drugs?
No.
Aren't they all a stone out of their mind?
No.
Oh, you, I'm telling you.
You, you parochial people that never get more than 10 blocks from home.
Now, what are you hanging out in the show?
Okay, it's a good safe place for you.
They got their goddamn sits as rat-to-type.
It's 1227 at 560 WQA-
Enter hockey, Dolphus football, Marlon's baseball,
and now the Miami Hurricanes 2, sports radio 560 QAM.
Holy macken on!
This is Joe Ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf.
I bet.
You're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God!
Rock and roll, historians, digging in the childhood home
of Jim Morrison.
Recently uncovered tapes of a legendary singer,
no one knew existed.
And now you can experience a Jim Morrison Christmas.
Santa's on the roof.
I heard the reindeer hoos.
He's coming down the fluke.
He's got something for you.
Santa's on the roof.
Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season
with the melancholy sounds of one of the most depressing artists in rock history.
Yeah, the chestnuts grow still.
All the famous co-stits.
We're in our highest pride.
Another family of five.
It's the lizard king at his most best.
A Jim Morrison Christmas.
First take.
I hate a prison.
It wasn't me.
That's all I know.
When it comes to you.
A Jim Morrison Christmas.
It's the CD that proves the Yuletite season is still alive,
even if he isn't.
From 32 at 5.50 to over to Kim.
Here's one of the great facts in history.
It says a brief explanation while getting t-shirts,
keychains etc. to retail outlets is a problem.
Question mark.
Okay.
And what's the answer, Robert?
You hear that?
A brief explanation while getting t-shirts,
keychains etc. to retail outlets is a problem.
Question mark.
And we're waiting for the brief explanation,
which is, are we going to give it to us?
5.670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
877Suckney,
unless you pay any ILO.
I'm discussing on the out of town line.
I didn't choose that thing by the way.
That was my idea.
That was some disgusting pervert.
I think our program director.
And one of his wild fantasies.
Here's the dear field.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Welcome, size Toronto Jubilee calling.
Okay.
I wanted to ask you a dish question.
I have a big dish and I've had it for years.
And by the way, I can't get most of the panther james on it anymore.
Correct.
And what's the channel is now a,
digitally compressed,
it's only on a small dish.
Right.
Which is a noise the hell out of me.
And now I might have to move,
and then I have to give up my big dish.
And I can't, what I really enjoy.
Your big dish, sir, I hate to break the dish,
because I've had a big dish for 12 years,
and I love it, but it's a dinosaur.
I know, but I, yeah, I can't.
I get the Toronto james from,
and greats on CBC every Saturday night.
And you'll also get that on a small dish.
Or you will.
Yes.
You can get the, you can get the CBC on a small dish now.
Absolutely.
Oh, that, that's all, everything.
Can I call the cable company a douchebag?
Yes, sir.
Yes, Metro Media, you, I hope you eat every unwanted fluid,
and the duty of the Ayatollah and die.
You corrupt scumbag company, you.
Okay.
See you around, eh?
Hostel Canadian there,
a little upset with this cable company.
Thank you.
That's why we like them all that much better.
Oh, he's a Canadian and circumcised.
That would say that the Canadians pretty much like the American.
Not quite as high percentage, but very high percentage of Canadians circumcised
for my personal research.
5, 6, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
So wait, not a line, 9, boy, I'm bitterly disappointed.
I thought that was going to change the whole ambiance of the show.
Didn't I believe that?
No.
No, but it sounds good.
At least I got it out of these cheap bastards anyway,
and out of the audience to use it.
We got it, but you ain't using it.
All over the state of Florida, all over the US of A,
877, 785, 6345.
Here's a call on the alley.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I'm an out of town visitor.
From?
My New Jersey.
All from Jersey, I'm so sorry.
I'm visiting in plantation now.
Right.
My name is Manny Needle.
And Manny Needle?
Manny Needle.
We're headed out to San Abel Island where we...
We've been coming for many years now, and we listen to you when we're down here.
A couple of years ago, I heard you play a record.
I think it was the farting pole, the farting post,
something like that.
You still have that around.
We only play highlights.
Highlights?
Yeah.
You can hear a highlight.
That's a highlight.
Well, I mean, we only play that on holidays when we...
They won't have a lot of commercials because it's too long.
It takes about 25 minutes to play.
Oh, yeah.
It's great.
I mean...
So maybe like on Christmas Eve or one of those days when we have a very light commercial load,
if that ever happens on a station, we'll stick it in there for you.
How long are you going to be here?
We'll be here only for about 10 days.
Like I said, maybe in these next few days.
Oh, that sounds great.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, have a great time.
Thank you.
Okay.
Here's a guy from...
Jersey, he can relate to that smell.
He's probably from like Newark.
Oh boy.
Have ever been to Newark?
Yeah, that's nice.
Oh, wow.
Woo!
You thought that Josh Freeman just landed.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on EAT and T.
Is that line nine working or what, huh?
Sounds like it's working.
I mean, we've had some calls under the day.
Sounds like it's working.
But we just can't muster up anything on that thing.
I bet you're all the people are listening like in Kalamazoo and Marshall Michigan,
Rochester, New York.
In fact, Dick Feinberg, who's a new GM up there, whatever his title is at Pompedo Park,
had a little chat with Dick last night.
Dick Feinberg, that is, at Pompedo Park.
And it comes to find out he's from Rochester.
How do you like that?
Went to Monroe High.
And we were talking about Don and Bob's.
And I also was trying to think of the place where they had the garbage plate in the great white half,
Nick Tahos.
That's our poll question today, by the way.
Which has the better white hops in Rochester, Don and Bob's or Nick Tahos.
And the word is that Don from the original Don and Bob's has opened up this place called Original Don's,
where they brought back the original great Don and Bob's that the new guy had pretty much ruined down the toilet.
You know the new guy that bought out there?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, you know.
Maybe we'll get a call from Rochester before the day is gone.
How do you like that?
Wouldn't that be exciting?
I mean, you know, there's something about Rochester.
All us Rochesterians, we kind of stick together from Brighton and around the Quentin Fairport and Greece.
Here's the call from Nassau, Nolan.
Yeah, man.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes sir, speaking one.
Man, I've been trying to get you for so long.
You got the good stuff over there for us, man?
Oh, we got the good stuff.
All right.
The great stuff.
One thing I want to tell you about, uh, on here we have a lousy cable company man.
Yeah.
Last night, I don't know if you watched it.
They have a whole station.
It's just Catholic.
They are on the Pope.
You were reading off this little script.
And you see that someone was telling what he could say because he was going like, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh.
Yeah.
And you all could understand it, right?
That sounds like him.
I say God.
Neil God said, could see this man.
That's me.
Stop, stop, stop.
Yeah.
He was trying to stand up and he was like, he was going to do the thing and then.
And I was like, uh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's exactly what the Pope told you.
I thought you, uh, I got a lot of things.
Yes, sir.
Uh, that's good.
You got it, man.
All right.
Can I call someone to do strike?
Go ahead.
On your case, I'll make an exception after this great call.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Uh, five more down.
I'm kind of slumming another.
You do strike you.
Five more.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
There he goes.
See now, an answer to the guy who said, what makes a good call?
That's a good call.
No, I take it back.
That was a great call.
All right.
Nice going, amigo.
Yeah.
Great invitation to the Pope.
That was a bell.
That was good.
What do you expect from an old guy with a beanie on an address?
And a white, lovely white dress, though.
Lovely flowing gown.
I like this sentence.
Book Hitler's Pope, you know.
Look at the lovely gown that the pious has gone on.
Isn't that beautiful?
Is flowing, blowing, uh, robes?
There are a couple of comments about Cardinal Spellman in there, too.
You know the one that used to alter boys in New York?
21 before, uh, one at 5.60 WQAM?
Yeah, they used to bring them in the rear.
Of the rectumry, they used to have a special level of limo
would bring up and, uh, bring them in the rear.
QAM drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday.
Saturday morning sets, it's in.
Oh, wow.
Show Castello right here on Sports Radio 560.
QA and.
Trackwood can't keep us packer in his pants.
True land.
You think blackmailing sun wants no money.
A big blackmail, especially a gift,
is caught between your thighs.
True land.
Roy.
You don't think blackmailing a charity is wrong.
You then don't ever go or answer anybody.
We can show you something strong.
That's what you feel right.
What process your racquet's eyes?
Watch that night.
You think of your reason right?
That's what you feel right.
What?
True land.
You'll be the picture of Banking Guy.
I smack your hand and bruise up your body the way you like.
Alright.
True land.
You get my boat going long and strong.
If charity money, you hold your hand so fair, if it's known.
You're not paid to wife.
You just need my side.
It's time to bid to ease out.
You know how to do it right.
Now the big one, no day to die.
Don't.
Roy.
Club 45 at 560 WDQM are topic today.
Jews who have Christmas trees to pacify their little pen and the ass kids.
560 on the AT&T line.
Still waiting on that line.
Boy, this is a real punch in my purse.
Man, I thought we'd be getting calls from Anchorage, Alaska and from Honolulu and from Ferdonia, New York and the Pughans Connected.
Squat.
That's what we got, man.
The big fat squat.
That's your internet for you.
All these people, by the way, don't forget neorodges.com.
You can order the best of stuff and the keychains off of there.
Robert, by the way, corrects his facts and says, please explain.
While getting t-shirts, keychains, and Senator Retail Atlas is a problem.
Thanks for the correction.
Can we explain it?
No.
No, first of all, you don't want the t-shirts.
They suck.
And number two, the keychains, which you should have, the answer is they were afraid that if they put them out, that they get stolen.
Instead of like somebody explaining to them, how about having them behind the counter?
And like having one like chain down at the counter, so people can walk up to it and feel it and touch it.
And the keychain too.
And you know, once they see it and squeeze it and did it with it and the keychain, they'll want to buy one, of course, for Senator One.
But don't ask me because the amount of effort and energy being put by others into this thing this year is so minimal that it's rather appalling at best.
But we're doing the best we can.
The specs has done a great job for us.
They're doing the best they can.
They got great displays of our CDs and cassettes right out in front of each of their 17 stores, including over the earth four buyers, and in Palm Beach, Broward and Dade.
And we're doing the best we can, Robert.
I'm sorry that we couldn't do a lot better job this year, but if we had a little cooperation, a little bit of ass systems, but we don't.
And it's kind of depressing, but we don't have a little ass system.
Here's a call on line nine.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Line nine, right?
Where are you?
I'm in Sedona, Arizona.
Oh my god!
Oh, right!
I'm trying to mute my computer here.
Hang on.
Okay.
You did that.
Nice going.
Hi.
So what's going on over there?
It's sunny.
Yeah.
It's a little chilly.
And we're, you know, old dolphin fan.
I tuned in to see what was up with the dolphins and how you reacted to what Damarina's last performance, frankly.
Oh, I don't.
I don't pay any attention to that crap.
I don't have the...
Not anymore.
When did I ever?
Well, before I left there pre-Hurricane Andrew, who were big dolphins and...
Oh, yeah.
That's who I used to be, but it's gotten so boring, you know.
In addition to which this town is so fickle and all Danny Boy has got to do is play one or two bad games.
They want to lynch him and they hate him.
And all the calls on the sports show is it's a same old crap.
Oh, yeah.
Well, he's finished.
We need to get him out of there now.
And, you know, Damon Heward is the savior now.
These people are ungrateful bastards.
Okay.
They don't deserve Danny Boyle.
Because he is not treating him well or is it just...
Well, some of the media people and mostly the ethical fans here.
What have you done for us lately, you know?
Well...
They don't understand that he had that little car wreck, you know?
Oh, the coffee spill he's got.
He had a scalded penis.
And if you notice, he had a very difficult time in the last game, the Dallas game.
He was like a little off balance.
And, of course, anybody out there that had a scalded penis, they'd understand that.
But I think it's all healed up for this week.
Well, I hope so.
Because Jimmy said that he kissed it and made it feel all better.
Oh, well.
It should be okay now.
You sure, Jimmy?
Great. It was either Jimmy or Joe Rose, I'm not sure which.
Well, have a great day and see you on the Fleet Art.
Take care.
Great hair, son.
Take care of yourself.
Have a happy.
Bye-bye.
Sedona, Arizona, baby.
Oh, right.
Now we're talking.
Do you have any idea how uplifting that is?
I don't even know where Sedona is.
I don't want to ask her because I don't want to spoil the ambiance of the call.
But it's just such a tremendous feeling knowing that you're communicating with somebody outside this state.
Oh, God.
I get a quiver in my...
I was thinking about it.
And she was so nice to top it all off.
And she also wasn't hateful and sour and nasty, like the so-called sports fans that we have here.
And I underlined the so-called part.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call in Boka.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
I have something in question about that topic you were talking about Christmas in Hanukkah.
Yes, sir.
All right.
It's a little bit of topic, but I'm going there in the same way.
I'm going to spend holidays with my fiancee.
And but she's Jewish and I'm not.
And...
Are you circumcised?
Yes.
Oh, thank God for that.
And her fans...
Most Jewish women are not ready for the sight of that foreskin.
I mean, oh.
Woo!
And while the poem is her family, they say they like me, but they're not fond of me because I'm not Jewish.
But they like.
You know what?
Tough crap.
So, and I want...
Tom, tell her family to choke on their crepolych.
That's what to tell them.
They're family-spreading enough to talk to her anymore if she marries me.
And so, what do you care?
I'm worried about her.
Does she care?
Not really.
So, tell them, Cox, you know something?
I said this a couple of weeks ago.
I want to make a very good point to you.
Okay?
You can pick your friends.
You can't pick your relatives.
It's only an accident.
And all that belonging about blood is thicker than water.
That's the falsest thing that's ever been uttered by a human being.
Okay?
The fact is that if your relatives suck, wave goodbye, okay?
Who needs them?
Yeah, and I told her if I had to, I would convert.
You know, I would just...
No, don't do it.
Don't sell out, man.
Yeah.
And you wouldn't do it for her.
You'd do it for the relatives, right?
Yeah, so they wouldn't get it.
So they wouldn't give her a hard time.
Wave goodbye.
Just tell them all audio.
So, we're going to go have a great life.
And believe me, you'll both be a lot happier without them.
Trust me.
Yeah, because I mean, I was telling her, you know, well, okay?
I'm happy.
My father's Jewish.
My father's Jewish.
My mother's Catholic.
And so you're Jewish from the waist down.
And that they say that doesn't matter.
Doesn't matter.
There you go.
See your parents, they're more like real human beings.
Yeah.
And her parents say, doesn't matter if he's affected.
My mom is Catholic.
That just gives it up on me.
Really?
Yeah.
And so, and they said that, you know, that they wouldn't talk to her or anything like that.
So, you know, and I just want to make it easier and for sure.
I want to know what I can do in my life.
I would rip them as is right off their doorframe and just wave goodbye.
On a way down the road.
Good luck, pal.
All right.
Thanks for having me.
You're welcome.
All right.
All right.
All right.
He's not going to do it.
Pussy.
He's a good guy, but he's a little bit, you know.
Let me say it again.
Okay.
This business about relatives.
You got good relatives.
It's a matter of luck.
Okay.
You didn't get to choose what family you were born into.
Nobody gets to pick and choose their relatives.
Whatever they are, they are.
And believe you, me.
Oh, could I tell you stories?
Could I tell you stories?
Uh-huh.
Woo-hoo!
I could tell you stories.
But I got to go to mommy's for lunch.
So it's probably not a good day to do it.
But I could tell you stories about relatives.
I wouldn't spit on the best part of them.
Okay.
Here's a call from Milwaukee.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
That felt good.
Hey, I just want to tell you something.
I don't miss South Florida and the least bit.
Other than listening to you.
There you go.
And now that you got us on the internet, life is complete.
My life is complete.
Neil, open up the water tap up there.
And you got beer floating right out.
That's the way to do it.
Oh, my God.
You go to cheese beer and sausage for lunch right now if I wanted.
Right.
You're on freeway in Spigot.
I love it.
But the Packer fans, that's the only problem, Neil.
They're out of control.
Yeah.
But hey, can you do me a favor on the meal?
I think we're spoiled rotten as the world with them.
Okay. They spoiled for too many good years.
Now they have to suffer.
Oh, and it's a beautiful thing to watch them suffer.
Will you fudge back in?
Go ahead, sir.
Can you do me a favor?
Anything you want.
Can you play the Neil God song?
Can do.
You are the man.
Have a great day, pal.
God love you, Neil.
Happy your circus.
Hey, Frank.
By the way, you know that cake you were talking about that makes you think you're right.
Oh, man, that's probably not that.
It's just the volume of food.
Well, what is that?
Why did I have all this food here this morning?
It showed up.
Yeah, because Peter Leonard's a piece of crap.
I love my friends at Delights.
They got really good stuff.
But Peter Leonard comes here and starts for speeding cheesecakes and pork rind.
I mean, on the day that I got to go to my muggus for lunch, too.
And I'm going to tell you there's no way I'm making it until two o'clock.
There is absolutely no chance.
What?
Well, I got a really good idea.
What I'm going to do.
What do you want to hear?
Neil God.
So I think what I'll do is I'm going to play the, I'll do the spot.
And I'll play that.
Then we'll do the right to the spots out of that.
You follow what I'm saying?
Sure.
And then we'll come back.
Right to just fire it off after the break.
It's in the amount of time.
Yeah.
We don't understand.
It's not time for the break.
Oh, oh, oh, you need to go now.
I don't need to go now, but I choose to go.
Okay.
Now, like you said, do you know what I mean?
Now.
We'll go back to that.
The more you talk about it, the more I need to go now.
The more I think about it, the more I squirm here in the cheer.
And I don't like this.
I do not like this.
There's only about the third time this has happened since I've been on the station.
I don't like having to go any vacuate in the middle of a program.
At least you can pull it off.
Yeah.
So to speak.
Oh, I got a great spot to do, by the way, right now anyway.
Oh, I do because it's all about lunch.
Everything there is food.
Everything that's going on here is food, food, food, food.
And why not?
It's Hanukkah.
It's coming up on Christmas.
It's food time.
It's eating time, baby.
And where the hell is that needle?
God song.
There it is.
Hey, what do you ask?
Do you understand what I'm doing?
I'm playing the song.
And then you do whatever you're hired like, because I'll be busy.
Do I OD?
Oh, Neil God.
Oh, Neil God.
There's power that it'll present, that's it, man.
I'm the most powerful God day man in the world.
Yes, I am.
Oh, Neil God.
There's power that it'll present, that's it, man.
I'm the most powerful God day man in the world.
So is the correctness of made out of people.
Oh, that's beautiful.
I'm sick of it.
I'm sick of it.
Get that taste and smell.
How do you feel?
Well, 86% of newborn boys in this country are circumcised.
The procedure is why they perform without any sort of anesthesia.
I have no pre-peer.
I'm dead on it.
Oh, it's still good.
Neil God.
Oh, Neil God.
Oh, Neil God.
Oh, Neil God.
I'm sick of it.
I'm sick of it.
Oh, it's still good.
Neil God.
Oh, Neil God.
I'm sick of it.
I'm sick of it.
I'm sick of it.
I will ask Agent Eyes Blockbuster,
any other company that propitiates this kind of behavior.
You jackass.
You jackass.
You jackass.
You fern.
You jackass.
Here again.
He's an Ojon Provacassure.
I don't have a bones for ferns.
I don't have a bones for ferns.
I know that the floor is used for not working your rockers.
Fatherless tools.
God.
Neil God.
Oh, Neil God.
It's a very complex deal.
Neil God.
It's a good deal.
How's that hand job?
Something long job.
You have no feet.
I don't do my job as well when I'm standing.
Take it as long as that.
It's great radio.
I am that humor.
Do we have a laundered cord?
Then a piece of grass?
Look at this.
Look how short this is dancing.
I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to shrub the white up his neck.
OK?
Come on, Neil.
This place operates like a freaking nut house.
It really does.
I want to be left a freak alone.
I don't know man in mind.
But just got a board to be made.
Look, look.
Oh, boy.
Neil God.
Oh, she just did her feet on.
There's no one that's trapped again out there.
Oh, boy.
Neil God.
That power that nails Presidency, man.
I'm the most powerful God damn man in the world.
That's so easy, correction.
No, why should you hit when I can do this?
This is 560, QAM.
You QAM.
My heavy foot is on your tail.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
When some swallowing up Christ up for me now
and said he had a lot of congregation
I tell him right away now.
This is the next decade.
I heard a bunch of discomfort in the nation.
I was saying people tell me they're talking to me.
I'm no one.
No.
I'm no one.
You're no one.
You're no one.
I'm no one.
You're no one.
I knew swaps got me in broider than gold.
It sure is gold.
I wear it everywhere.
I don't round the other hey,
The hey, the fit of no one today.
So be sure you show us.
I'm a Christ, I'm a Christ, I'm a Christ.
So be sure you show us.
Be sure you show us.
So come back to me, bring it in.
Oh, I'm a Christ, I'm a Christ.
Here we are, show us.
Her price, I'll be jacked up on the Sabbath serve.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be standing out myself as that the author is a choir now.
She'll be singing away.
Be sure, you show us.
Oh, right, hear that man say me, say me.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so
sombre  milleurene is so dr demonstration, the studies have joined and I've got porteeyo,
One of three of five sixes that I'm going to kill is a little bit concerned because I had
a spectacular, very enjoyable ball movement during that brief Exodus from the studio.
I actually asked for this.
And I got a little bit concerned though at the conclusion of all those events.
It was very quick and very paneless and very antiseptic.
But I began to smell this horrendous odor.
And then I opened the door to get a deep part there after I washed my hands this time very,
very carefully.
Opened the door and I discovered that the aroma was a Josh Friedman in the hallway.
So I'm not as nearly as there.
I thought that it could have been me.
I thought, oh my God, did I just die and I don't know it?
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Mr. Neil.
Yes sir, speaking.
Hey, this is Billy.
How are you doing, Billy?
I'm not bad.
Look, I'm going to down here for Georgia about two months ago.
I was saying Billy Carter, is it?
I thought you died.
Oh no, no, no, no, sir.
I'll be peeing outside anymore, Billy.
Come on.
I'm going to be a full enemy.
Anyways, I'm down here dealing with construction.
Yes sir.
And I got a question about the building.
Where did you go to you from, Billy?
Atlanta.
Oh, Atlanta.
Oh, Atlanta.
Okay, well that's like a real city.
I thought maybe like Aintree.
Oh no, no, no, no.
My family tree had branches out.
Well, you're from the branches like the kid that was playing the banjo in the deliverance,
right?
There you go, there you go.
Uh huh.
I got a question about that.
With one eye to the sky.
Or just with one eye.
But anyway.
You're the man.
I'm the man.
I got a question about it.
I got a man, Billy.
Oh no, no.
I got a question about that swingers club.
Yes sir.
Do you have to go with a woman or can you go by yourself?
What's the answer George?
I'm sure you can go by yourself.
Saturday night is couples and I just ordered females only the rest of the time.
It's uh anybody wants to go.
Yeah, call up.
Call up and they'll tell you.
All right, yeah, because I just been lonely and you know I miss my goats back home.
Uh huh.
All right, Dan.
Been fun.
Okay.
See you, Billy.
I ride.
What do you say you miss this goat?
5, 6, 7, 8.
I'm going to go to the
old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I'm going to go to the old house.
I thought it was Alexander the Great was the one I was responsible for the beginning of the origins of all of us.
Yeah, he was.
Yeah.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
Now, one more question.
You're on a call basis in apostles of wars and prayer.
Now, the Pasts of such highly comunicalukuancial raid was ready on theustitacles in the 8th House symmetry between two ers at La chests of 80%
I hear it's Trayf, it's not managed to shove it, it's not Morgan David.
Wouldn't have been something that they'd drink, grandma, boon at the last stop.
Wow.
What if George Jefferson was there?
How is she doing, by the way, Helm and Sherman?
What's his name, Sherman Helmsway?
How is she be doing?
Well, he's got more problems, you know, bankruptcy and then of course they outed him
and which came first.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, a pound and then of course they heard A.M.
Brian Curtis, he's feeling kind of weasy.
9 minutes past 1 at 5, 60, WQAM?
Well, that's a great show.
I don't care what Tom Jicke says.
What's wrong with Tom Jicke anyway?
Why is he such a hard ass, you know?
I like Tom but he's such a little hard ass.
Always ripping the Jefferson's about, you know, that was such a stereo, to the such an
ugly show.
It was a great show.
That might have been the best show that was ever on TV, the Jefferson.
Certainly top 10.
Top 10 material.
Right after Green Acres.
How young is two young?
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Yes, yes, yes.
Don't we need Bill Bradley?
Yes.
He's more than six feet tall.
He's from basketball.
Oh right.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Yeah, we need him Bradley.
He is.
He's gonna win the race.
He's for love him.
He's for love him.
He's for love him.
He's for love him.
He's for love him.
He's for love him.
I say it one time more.
We love Bill a lot.
Mostly because he's not boring out first goal.
Well, don't you love Bill Bradley?
I can't imagine how much I let you love Bill Bradley.
Oh god, what they great.
He's still alive by the way he's in the Pittsburgh.
Anyway, rumor is that if Bill Bradley gets elected,
we'll be able to say the word tits on here for the first time,
which I'm pretty excited about.
We're looking forward to that.
It's 115 at 560 WQAM.
Now what does that say?
This sounds it out.
I have no idea.
Simmerer Shash.
Here's a call from Sweden.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, Neil.
How are you, sir?
Great.
I think I got Arizona and I have Milwaukee Beak
by just a little bit.
Simmer Sham.
That's right.
That's the way we would say it in America.
Simmer Sham, Sweden.
Simmer Sham, Sweden.
Exactly.
You're not an erotic into press like they are in Stockholm, are you?
Oh, no.
Not at all.
I'm an ex-cietal and anti-social like those Swedes.
Yeah, exactly.
Whereabouts, whereabouts is this place?
Is it near Stockholm or Malmo or one of those places?
Yeah, near Malmo.
It's a very, very, very south-east of Sweden.
I'm about two hours away from Malmo.
You're close to Copenhagen, then.
Yeah, exactly.
We actually fly into Copenhagen and we take the ferry over to Malmo.
Then we drive.
I got a lot of ferries in Copenhagen is what I see.
Yeah, you can say that again.
Uh-huh.
Absolutely.
I wanted to say to you happy Chanukah.
And thank you, back to you.
I think it was the start tomorrow?
Yeah, tomorrow night.
Okay.
Okay.
In this side of the world, not too many of us, years over here.
So, you know, you don't know exactly where you're going.
First thing Sweden, the Swedes are not too fond of the Jews for some strange reason.
I'm like the Dutch who are very fond of the Jews and everybody else.
But the Swedes, first one thing, don't take it personal because as you know, the Swedes don't like anybody, including themselves.
That's absolutely right.
Absolutely.
They're in Eurotic.
Stockholm, and I'm sure you've been in Stockholm, right?
Yeah, yeah.
I have beautiful cities.
It's breathtakingly beautiful, but it's very unbelievably expensive number one.
And number two, the people are as cold as the weather.
You're right about the cold as the weather, but you're right about the exact right now.
Are you a father getting quite a bit of crone over here?
Yeah.
Yeah, for every dollar we get, like, eight and a half crone or a half.
Well, that's good, yeah.
I'm going to have to explain right to the great reason.
Because he's not fond of you because his business at the Hanukkah is because my wife is Swedish.
Her family is friends with Peter Forsberg's family.
Really?
Yeah, and you're not the NHL player as you are.
Right, of course.
This evening, we're having dinner with Peter Forsberg's family.
Peter won't be there.
Oh, right.
Not with the Household.
We're having to, yeah, exactly.
He's a little busier right now.
Well, he's busy eating potato lakas for Hanukkah in Denver, yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly, exactly, right.
And one last question for you, sir.
Yes, sir.
The CD.
Your CD is now out over in America.
Yes, it is.
Where can I get someone to buy it for me?
I'm going to send it.
Where are you selling it?
All the specs, stores.
All the specs.
Uh-huh.
Perfect.
Perfect.
I have to get that over here.
I have everyone that's in my wife's family.
We'll all listen to you on the internet now, which is the best thing ever.
So I have all of these Swedes over here into Neil Rogers over there.
Outstanding.
So I have to absolutely say we love you over here.
Tell them to tell Dr. Bell, but I don't speak no Swedish.
You should.
Dutch is close to that day.
Hey, they'll understand it.
They'll understand it.
Over here, the only language is the language of love, I think.
There you go.
That's all you see over here.
Love and suicide and neurosis.
Exactly.
Exactly.
A lot of the Swedes in Stockholm understand so from neurosis to deliver.
Well, listen to me.
Go have a great time and a happy holiday.
Neil, same to you.
It's a happy New Year.
And take care of yourself.
You too.
Bye-bye.
There you go.
Call from a similar Sweden someplace in Sweden near Malmo.
That's a lot easier.
Yes, Sweden is a beautiful country.
Stockholm is a beautiful city.
Do you want to go there?
No.
No, you don't want to go there.
I mean, if you have a lot of money, you'll have a lot of time.
And you can't have time.
Many, many other places I would recommend, much more enthusiastically, before Stockholm.
Stockholm is nice.
Like I said, it's beautiful.
It is breathtaking.
Like most of the European cities.
We're trying to think of it.
Well, Milan is not beautiful.
But it's interesting.
And it's certainly a place that I would go for a couple of days.
And we just did go last summer again.
Milano.
You can go see the Duomo.
You can go eat some great Italian food.
Even the northern Italian food, once you get used to the differences, is good.
Just stay away from that risotto.
And don't go into those restaurant days.
Seriously, there's Diffo.
We got to have a deep programming for him.
It must be the stress of that marriage or the gambling or the boozing or doing 15 jobs to make a living.
The stress is getting to him.
If Diffo's mother is listening, sweetheart, don't take it personally, but your son is crumbling under the pressure.
When he keeps saying over and over in that spot, one of the great restaurants.
I'm just sitting here.
Steven Jocostello, who's a real good Italian boy, not even just a Guido.
He came in here with like spitting blood all over the guy at the end place.
So to 15 people to just wash it off.
Because he's so ticked off about this Biffo guy.
And his glaucia spots.
One thing about the spot on this station, man.
And as much as we love Tommy, I don't want to start.
Tommy's great.
He's one of my favorite people in the building.
But those spots, Tommy, I'm sorry.
Here's a mobile in Seattle.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I feel like Larry King now only less hunts back.
I know.
You're getting calls from all over the world.
Sweden, Seattle.
What will be next?
I don't know.
Maybe Syracuse.
Hey, I just wanted to let you know about the reality of what was going on up here.
Yes, sir.
Are they killing each other in the street still or what?
Well, I'll tell you.
If compared to the Seattle.
Earlier then for this way, if what went on yesterday in the day before,
went on down a day county, am I any?
Yeah.
There would be more bloodshed and headrolling from the police.
Then, then ever imaginable.
I heard they need to bring back old Dick Daly as well.
They need from Chicago.
Nick Navarro.
Nick Navarro would be good.
Or maybe Ken Jenny.
Maybe we could ship him out of here and get him up there to.
Or maybe Roll and Martinez to go out there and beat up a few punks,
a little guys in the street.
Yeah, well, you know, the thing is that actually.
It only takes care of the short guys.
You know, one of the surprising aspects of what I saw in the news was that they only focused on
like a group of about maybe 10 people that were being destructive.
Because that news, you know,
meanwhile thousands of people that were totally peacefully marching,
they got very little attention.
You know, and it just really burnt, it irritates me.
I thought Bubba's comments were pretty good though yesterday.
He said the people that are protesting peacefully,
that, you know, they welcomed them and they appreciate their points of view.
And at the assholes out there, he said, you were bunch of assholes is what he said.
Yeah, there were quite a few assholes.
And you know, they weren't even from here.
They were like from California and, you know, from other places.
That's the thing.
Probably some of those hysterical tree, a hugger, some California.
Oh, the granola was falling out of their pocket.
Yeah, I think I saw some of you will give in his family there.
Hey, I did have to, it has your diet, by the way.
How's my diet?
What diet?
You're like doing like a low car or so.
I was on the actins this morning from seven o'clock when I got out of bed till about 9.30.
What happened?
And then I came in here and tried a lot of food laying around.
Well, actually, I was not until about noon, then the potato pancakes came in.
And I got pulled out the wagon.
Have you ever eaten those crispy M&M's?
Yeah, the M&M's.
It's your crispy inside?
Not to it.
I don't like them.
You don't like them?
No, not at all.
Hey, you know, I was up in a van.
I like a king sized Snickers on the way home everyday.
Oh, no, that's bad.
Hey, remember?
It tied me over till I get to the Flamingo gas state in the mobile station there at Flamingo at 5.95.
And I stopped in there for a Ben and Jerry's fish food stick, a fish stick.
No smarties, huh?
No more smarties.
No, I OD done smarties.
I'm allergic to them.
I can't stand them.
Hey, you know, one of the great things about the M&M's is that they're all in the same place.
I've never heard of stories that I've ever heard you tell was the time that you had to go to the bathroom.
Yeah.
You were stuck in your car and you caught the bridge.
Sacramento.
I mean, no, it was Oakland and San Francisco, right?
And then what happened was you try to get into your house, the screen door was broken or something.
And you wound up like having a little accident out of the patio or something?
No, that was a different story.
Another one you were talking about, the original one was on the way to San Francisco to the airport
when I went into a Denys.
It was about five o'clock in the morning.
It was pitch dark, thank God.
And I was like, when I got out of my car, I saw the Denys, but my mind was playing tricks.
You know how that is?
Yeah.
And on the car, and each step I took, it was like, uh, scored, scored, scored, scored, scored, scored.
And I was goose stepping.
I must have thought I was a member of the Neo Nazi party because I was goose stepping into Denys.
You were doing a quick, a green apple.
I was doing a great apple quick step and left a very interesting pair of underwear under the back of the turlut in the Denys.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
I threw, I, um, I actually had a little emergency.
You know, it seems to close you, you get to the toilet, the work you have to go in.
Right because your mind is playing tricks on you.
Your mind is saying, let it loose.
I pooped my pan.
Exactly.
What, what is the deal with right before you like take your pants off with me, if I, if I'm having to go a little loose, loose in the goose thing going on?
What happened is right before I pull my pants down, yeah, all over my underwear.
Yeah.
I've got underwear all over the city.
Uh-huh.
You know, behind every, well, that's good.
Let's give the homeless people some directions, uh, and some of those people up there in Seattle, give directions where to find them.
Neo, this is probably going to be my last call for a while.
I really, really enjoyed listening to you and, and they have no idea what a pleasure, uh, it is that they, you know, that they have you on the radio and how fortunate they are to have.
I couldn't agree with you more.
Have a great time, pal.
You too, but happy holidays.
Happy Chienucco.
Okay, bye bye.
I really, I have to have to have a Khanika too.
Okay, see you.
I'm going to have a Khanika too.
Okay.
There you go.
Good Jewish boy in Seattle.
Khanika.
Now you're talking.
You can tell the Jews from the goi and the goi and say, Khanika, the Jews say Khanika.
There you go.
Got to spit all over the microphone.
That's it.
Just like the Germans do.
Ah, the labor.
Mmm.
This train is now in the hands of the German police.
I'm sorry.
5, 6, 7, 05, 50.
You will enjoy the trip.
Or else.
How about a shower?
Where are we going?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
You know, yes, sir.
This is a Ronald Reagan fan on the Ronald Reagan term pike.
And I know that you just like him.
I just like him.
He was the fastest pig.
He's a useless, fastest senile fox.
But anyway.
Okay, let me just call him a fox.
I agree with most of the other things you say.
But one thing.
Just let you know.
I'm not a 50-year-old white guy.
It made a lot of money in the 80s.
I'm pretty young.
I just read this stuff about him.
But if you think a lot of money in the 80s, either.
So, I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to have a lot of money.
My leverage to Makeriummo Ballad.
That's how I was out of Government, right?
That's how I was out of Government, right?
So John St Stand...
No, the only thing that went straight ahead was Congress.
That's got to be one of the dumbest that you have to even better than the TV intoxication.
How's Ronnie Samurai doing by the way?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you don't forget to go see George this Saturday noon to two at the
what is that the prime co-store.
I knew it all along.
1996 North Federal Highway between Oakland and commercial and Fort Lauderdale.
I'm going to summarize it.
I'm going to summarize it over.
Okay.
Let me write that on here.
Now that we're finding out a little bit information on us, summarize, open.
And to let some best of Neil O'Ceeves and cassettes.
And of course, a whole bunch of these are keychains too.
These really great keychains.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello there.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a couple of three questions for you.
We're big and sweet and I'll tell you that.
Listen, what's the...
He revved me.
What is what?
He revved.
He revved.
He revved.
He are EV.
I haven't got an idea.
Error.
Error.
That's not E-Rav.
Error.
It means the EV.
It means in the evening of Hanukkah, the night before, not E-Rav.
Error.
Error.
Okay.
I'll just want to know I'm a glium.
I mean, only glium say E-Rav.
All right.
Number two, you're enjoying the hit-list Pope?
Very much.
Yeah.
I never thought I'd see a fascist Pope.
Anyway, it's a good book.
I'm going to read it.
You never thought you'd see one based on what the rights in here most of them were, including
his predecessor.
That's true.
That's true.
All right.
Number two, I'm going to give you a math question, please.
If a woman carries a child up to nine months, up to including nine months, how can Mary have
gotten away with 17 days?
Because according to this calendar, I'm looking at it says the Immaculate Conception December
8th.
Yeah.
And the kid was born on December 25th.
23rd, I think.
He was born on 23rd.
He showed him in a manger on the 25th.
Well, that's strictly for, you know, probably.
And he was even worse than all these women.
And this is an Immaculate Conception.
She wasn't just a ordinary bitch out there, you know, doing this.
This was God's work.
He had to mess around.
But these women have got the sufferer.
She only went for 17 days.
That's right.
And now she's got a suffer being baked in the oven on those 13th as peaches all over the
world, 80 million times a day to make up for it.
God bless you, sir.
I'll pray for it.
Okay.
We've got a couple of open lines that have born a little bit concerned here.
Am I concerned?
No.
But it sounds good to get that tone in your voice, you know, like, we got Hank Goldberg
coming up at two.
Were concerned about that?
No.
You know, he'll be here.
Henry Goldberg in the studio.
We got her a cool hotline from the hex center six to eight tonight.
How about those her cool?
And then we got a really another terrible matchup boy.
These NFL games.
Oh, God.
Pittsburgh Steelers who lose to every girls team they ever play against one of the pretty decent
teams in league, one of the better teams in a very mediocre league, the Jacksonville
Zaguar's eight to 11 o'clock tonight.
Ed Capitol, I'll look your wounds while your gambors after the game.
Did they cover?
Didn't they cover it, said it and so on?
You know how that goes.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
Has anybody touched on the news that McDonald's was buying all of them chicken?
Yeah.
No, nobody mentioned that.
No, and then there's two concepts in McDonald's own.
A pizza concept and a Mexican concept.
Right.
That's going to be pretty interesting.
They're going right after Pepsi and Taco Bell and pizza hut.
Right.
Yeah.
I'll tell you one thing.
If you went to Europe and you saw how many McDonald's there?
I mean, there's also Kentucky Fried and Burger King, but McDonald's outnumbered them like
10 to 1.
Every street corner, there's another McDonald's.
Right.
I mean, some of them about getting the dish.
I mean, I'm not going to say I'm a novice.
I'm one of these victims of the cable companies.
Right.
Is it really worth looking into my basic bill now?
Of course.
That's 40 dollars.
Oh, are you kidding me?
Absolutely.
If I have kids, though, I have to get a multiple set for two different rooms.
If I have a master and like a family room.
Yeah, you're kidding.
But I noticed that they have brands, Martin, some of the other stores are having special
deals on second receivers.
That's what you have to have is they only have to have one dish, but you have to split
off to a second receiver.
But they're having special deals on that now, and you can do that for almost nothing.
Right.
Because I'm part of like three Spanish, three home shopping.
You won't have to see any of those ever again.
And when you see the difference in the picture quality, you'll wonder why you've been wasting
your money on cable.
Believe me.
Trust me.
Doesn't go out if there's a severe rainstorm or anything or farther.
I mean, just maybe for a few seconds here and there, but I mean, it's got to be like the
end of the world.
You know, you're loo-but-but you never have a situation like with your cable work goes
out for hours at a time.
You know, and you have nothing but snow, that'll never happen.
Thank you.
Okay.
Please do it.
I beg everybody out there.
I have nothing to gain.
I have no vested interest.
I got no stock in it.
I got nothing like I said.
But do yourself a big favor.
Went into out, say goodbye to your cable company and go get you a small dish.
Here's a call from Denver.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good, sir.
I heard you talking about the NFL earlier.
You were talking about bad games.
I got to know, I thought the New York fans were very bad.
But the Colorado Denver Bronco fans are the worst in the world.
I mean, I mean, I mean, come on.
Buffalo is bad.
The jet's a bad.
But the Bronco people suck out here.
Yeah.
And the thing up in Washington, Oregon, wherever it is, Seattle, it's all about your hippies.
Everyone's been here the same way.
Yeah.
It's people who want to be, you know, 90s hippies.
They're living in the 30 years past.
They're trying to be a latter day hippies.
I was watching it on the news and those kids like 19 years old, talking about, oh, I'm a new man.
I'm like, you got to know that you're a boom.
You walk it enough and know where you have no job.
You're a f**k.
You're a boom.
Exactly.
Very good.
Good recovery.
That was very good.
Anyways, you know, I love listening to you on the internet.
And this is a little bit of Miami.
And I will talk to you later.
Okay.
God bless you, sir.
And we'll pray for you after what you just said.
He said he's a f**k.
Remember the f**k?
What's up?
Boobs a lot.
There you go.
Boobs a lot by the f**k.
One of our favorite songs.
There you go.
Right next to the place is, uh, we're not a huge b**k.
The f**k is the safe spot on our f**k.
Like I said, we might.
We got a lot of spots here.
We don't have time for too much for quality here because, and once we give one of those condensing things on,
we talked about yesterday.
What do they call it?
Cash box.
Cash box.
Once we get the cash box here, if we ever afford that, and we can condense down the program content,
we'll be running about 52 minutes a sponsor hour, and you won't even notice the difference.
Wake up with the first piece.
Joe, Jeff DeParis and Steve Goldstein.
No.
We've been running for six.
Only on sports radio, 560 QA-A-A.
We're not talking about women.
One, two, three, four, five.
Come on over, honey, now.
Come and take our drive to my big house in Chesa, Claw.
We can both get juice and maybe a little dynamite.
The wash is on business.
She's out for a week.
I might get in the candy store.
It's time to cheat.
I got threats.
Oh, hot dogs.
Oh, they're in pizza.
You remember, Reddabilly, you're leaning to our pizza.
It's gonna be a wild time.
Not my home in New York.
Cause to me, darling, cheating's like a sport.
I'm just my size.
I'm so good.
Coming over, honey, now.
Come on, my trust.
A little bit of vodka.
And my glass.
A little bit of vodka.
About my wife.
Now, a little bit of vodka.
What I see.
When she's far away, I feel a rage.
A little bit of vodka.
What I need.
A little bit of vodka.
That's more me.
A little bit of vodka.
Here I am.
A little bit of you.
I'm a happy man.
144, 560 W.
From Xenian Tantation Facts with me.
And to his lovely show on Boston Neil 99.
Has the best Neil both parts from last year.
And looking for these songs, which was the ones I just played.
Rambo 4.5 and this one.
And are they on an older CD?
He asked.
No.
He asked.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Please play.
by coral springs inside of this world, baby,
especially the gangs that are out of this world.
Here's the call in Kendall, hello.
Neil, yes.
Yes!
I guess so.
Okay, so again, for the guy that asked about,
what do I consider a good call?
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
See if you're gonna, if you're gonna prompt us
to do stuff that we already have here,
that sounds much better like in the studio,
like on our very high priced equipment here.
It probably sounds better like,
Yeah!
Yeah!
Then you plan it on your little cassette record
of sitting under the turlits.
Here's coral springs, hello.
Good morning.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Good evening to you, sir.
Yeah, well, we have another murder in coral springs.
Oh, man, a man came home and had a fight with his girlfriend,
and so he couldn't get to his girlfriend,
he shot his girlfriend.
He don't know what?
Shot his girlfriend's daughter and killed her.
Or is it that nice?
Yeah, we're at a nice neighborhood
over about Atlantic and University.
That's the American fucking way.
Yeah.
The slaughterhouse continues, you know, here's...
There's no such thing as a bad neighborhood.
In fact, any bad neighborhood is one where everybody's got a gun.
And one way we're in America.
Here's one license plate we'll never see.
We'll never see a choose life license plate
with a picture of a handgun in a circle with a slasher.
Right, exactly, yeah.
Yeah, that would be the nice license plate for Jeff
to get into production.
Hold your breath.
And one other thing, Neil, if you remember,
I called you about seven or eight weeks ago
and told you that the satellite deal was a done deal.
Yeah.
And so you were first, your station was first,
and your program was first to report it.
And all I can say is now that we have the local stations
on our satellite, we'll be able to get stories
of local murders even faster.
Even we'll be able to see the blood and guts in the bodies
much more clearer than ever before.
The slaughter continues.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Much more clearly.
I say much more clearer.
Oh my God, am I a literate or what?
Wow, who cares?
Who cares if I'm a literate or what?
Just keep auditioning out the money, thank you.
No, now how come the fax machine is beeping back here?
It's got plenty of paper.
It must need, it must need ink.
Oh, damn it.
Well, we can wait.
I can add, it doesn't beep us frantically
when it's out of ink, when it's out of paper.
It's just hyperventilates.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
it starts doing its rumor routine out.
Like I said, it's starting to get pre-guided demonoid.
Maybe bluff is in the building.
Maybe you'd find some ink for our fax machine, huh?
In between his other very important duties,
whatever they might be.
Oh, here she is.
Happy is Chanooka.
A happy holiday.
Happy problem.
Why are you saying poor women and circus?
You talk about people's brains.
It's all the same.
It's all the same.
In fact, what would you rather have?
Would you rather potato locus and jelly donuts
or homeontoshin?
Why not all of the above?
Well, homeontoshin are always good.
Even at this time of year,
they would go for really big with me.
Well, I try not to eat cake.
Yeah, don't eat no jelly donuts, please.
And the jelly donuts, God, that's very good.
They'll fit it.
Terrible, awful.
But how about potato locus?
Well, I bought some in the frozen food,
and a big jaw of apple sauce.
Mm.
So why?
I bought some right now.
Korki sent me a big container of sour cream,
a huge container of apple sauce,
and about 600 of those great little potato pancakes
that Korki's is famous for.
And I'm taking them over to mommy's house right now.
Wow.
How do you like that?
I bet you'll go nuts when she sees these.
All she got to do is heat them up in the toaster oven,
and they'll be great.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Right.
So did you have a nice vacation?
Oh, the best, the great time, yes.
Yeah.
Well, I didn't have such a nice time Thanksgiving.
Why not?
I had turkey and all of the stuff.
Bleh.
Well, you see, that upsets me, especially if I'm having my lunch.
So I'm not going to keep you.
I just wanted to wish you.
Well, what was wrong with Thanksgiving?
I don't understand what was the problem.
Well, nobody came.
And I watched the parade in New York at the 12 o'clock.
Oh, how sick.
And my mind wasn't happy with supposed to call me
to wish me a happy holiday.
And didn't even bother.
And he forgot.
Yeah, I'd cut him off.
Yeah.
I'd cut him out of your will right now.
Yeah.
Leave it to me instead.
And all 10 bucks.
So I got over it.
You don't get over it.
Life goes on.
You know the hell with them.
Life is for the living for us.
So I hope you and your mother have a delicious time
eating all the goodies.
You see your mother also.
Right, exactly.
Yeah.
And have a have a very happy and healthy.
Thank you very much.
Take care yourself.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
How do you like that?
That's a little bit depressing.
Happy prom.
He sounds like she's over it.
Some nephew, however, grand son, whatever he was,
we're going to track him down.
OK, make sure that this Thanksgiving
was one he won't forget for a long time.
We're going to call Luke Abrotsie right after the show.
10 before 2 at 5.60 WQM.
What's been not too bad of a Thursday?
We got those trends coming out at 2.30,
which means tomorrow morning we can kill a lot of good time
with those ratings with the numbers for whatever
those three months are going to be August, September,
October.
I have a feeling that for this station
they're going to be precipitously bad.
But you know, it never can be too sure.
Especially for that morning show.
I have a feeling void at that morning show.
Hmm.
I'm going to try to be straight myself.
But that's your rose.
He's starting to really turn out to be the backstabbing
turd that we always knew that he was.
That we were always feared that he was.
A lot of backstabbers in that morning crowd.
We got one good friend.
Are there a good buddy Tommy?
Anybody else?
No.
I mean, throw a thick of a minute.
No.
Come on.
Anybody else in that morning show that we are really
can bond with trust?
No.
Care about it.
OK.
Just trying to give you a moment or two
to think about it.
151 is 560 WQ OK.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
Captain's U-logs, Sunday 1225,
towards the 24 Christmas and on the other side.
The crew is feeling nervous.
Fear something wrong.
Captain, what should I get spot for Christmas?
I can't find your mums big enough for us.
I'm a labult.
Get a hold of yourself.
There's a shot for Vulcan catalog in my cabin.
Oh, it's gut.
How was the decoration coming?
I need more time, Captain.
Not to mention, didn't so.
Well, set your phases on.
Trin, I saw shit.
Captain.
Yes, Mr. Spock.
Can you try my Vulcan nerve punch?
Yes, got it.
Mr. Checkup, with your nose so bright,
won't you drive my sister life?
Yes, Captain.
Where the lurk?
Get me him on the bridge.
I'd better find yourself.
I can go and look at the spirit of Star Trek Future.
I am here to bring you tidings of great joy
and another movie script.
How can this be?
It's a miracle.
Got it.
Spock.
Spock.
Captain's law is supplemental.
And the balls here describe as a theme
about the district.
You're all making a myth by Star Trek 6.
After all the worries.
156 and 560 WKM.
I was just thinking, you know, if the shroud of Trin
is authentic, that Jesus was a hell of a snappy dresher,
you know what?
He was lovely.
Here's a Pembroke Pine.
So, right on the wrong line,
nobilin bokeh, like I said.
Hello.
Neil Grinchel.
Uh-huh.
Neil, you're the salsa.
Here's a Pembroke Pine.
Tell him.
And Neil?
Yes, sir.
And this is a jolable way calling up to explain to you
the concept of the immaculate inception.
Oh, yeah.
It has nothing to do with the birth of Jesus.
Yes.
It has to do with the fact that the Catholic doctor
is that Mary was conceived without original sense.
So those people who think about 99% of the population
that it has to do with Jesus' birth
and the fact that she was a virgin,
that has nothing to do with it.
But you know, something that matter
what it has to do with it's still a ridiculous hurry tale.
Oh, of course.
In addition to which immaculate conception
is not an original of the Catholic church
or with Christianity, there were
there were insidians of immaculate births
throughout all of the other ridiculous religions.
Now, remember, she did not have immaculate birth.
You have some things she was gonna see.
Well, let me say it again, sir.
Have a great holiday.
Have a happy, a season face off.
Here's for a lottery deal.
Hello.
Neil is the man.
What's up, Neil?
How you doing, sir?
Hey, I'm gonna call you a baller for now, all right?
You gonna want a baller?
Do you know what that is?
No, I don't know what that is.
It's a big time.
You're a big time.
Big time?
Yeah.
You ain't gonna put me on, are you?
No, I'm not.
I tell you what.
Don't put me out.
Tell them the kids to back that ass up.
Back that ass up, kids.
I knew the man, all right, man.
All right, now you be talking.
All right, happy, Hanukkah.
Happy Shunuka, baby.
Oh, right, Neil.
And don't eat too many potato locus.
And don't eat too many grits,
because it gives them the rhymes of grits, man.
As in, you know it.
Time for one last call, which is good, because that's
all we got.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
OK, sir.
Great show, man.
Great show today.
Not too bad today.
Pretty good.
I wasn't going to call.
I wasn't going to call.
But you know, more and more, as you tell us how incompetent
these people are at your station.
Yes, they are.
No, it's true.
I mean, you have a sponsor macaroni grill.
And they've been mentioning the two locations in Miami
are one in Pemberton Pines and one in Miami on Kindle Drive
and 120th Street.
It's about 120th Street.
