Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
We've talked to Neil called 5600 560, told free for date and grabber or pound 560 on
your cell phone.
No.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect
those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the easily rod fast route.
No.
No.
Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you're first.
Happy LaTram, free when.
It's I'll be filed, but not for too long.
All right.
Thank you, my coach was broke.
I'll pay you the wide issue.
I'll pay you $1,000, basket, all spare.
You can't fail a vehicle, be selling land.
Caution, be defensive, be gasp, be good, say that and I'll be part of the job,
just got to see both best and I'll be following me.
File, the task force is long.
File, but not paying to say that's wrong.
File, oh god.
Next round, I'll be told to get it.
I'll deal with both, god.
Don't vote, god.
Do the abortion, please do that, y'all.
I want you.
I've got to sell all you.
Yes, and I can't do anything.
I want to do the same.
Oh god.
Yeah.
You just keep on buying them tickets.
And I'll pay you the same.
There you go.
10.03.05.60 WQM, happy Friday to you.
This is great.
We never give stuff when it's show.
We're going to make an exception today.
We got something big coming up tomorrow.
Really big, I would say like about this big.
Table for you and three friends at the NHL draft party tomorrow at Shulas.
Enjoy free food and drinks with the QAM staff.
We'll be broadcasting live noon tomorrow.
Yaldi will be there.
Jeff Rimmer will be there, which by the way, if there's any charge for any of this, he'll pick up the tab.
You know what I'm saying?
And Randy Moher, my close personal friend, my hero Randy, who was in the building this morning.
He'll be there.
All three of the broadcasting from the NHL draft tomorrow.
And on air signings and autographs, Peter Wal, where else?
Chris Wells, there you go.
Paul Laws and Stanley C. Panther will be there signing autographs.
Well, at least we got one real Panther player.
They're tomorrow Paul Laws.
Nice going, Eric Paul.
And Peter and Chris and Stanley.
So you know, it's something to do and we'll just give it away to find a hockey fan out there that has three friends.
You think they're such a person in this audience?
No.
And maybe we can give it to some Julio.
Yes, Sam says give it to us, Rick, you know, because then we can teach those Julios about hockey.
And then it'll make Barry Jackass a lot happier too, because then we can be like a little more Hispanic around here, like 1700 Waffin, the fan.
Which by the way, in case you don't have the hero this morning.
Second in a 700 part series by Barry Jackass.
Oh, that's right.
The second in a 45,000 part series about Waffin 1700, the big competition for QAM, which were just in our pants all over the place.
Aren't we?
No.
The strata looks forward to challenge of sports talk radio, which I'll get to this in a minute.
But of course, Barry are going on and I'm just sucking heavy duty over there, praying that maybe somebody over there will talk to him.
Since nobody here except Greg Reed will speak to him.
Praying that maybe somebody might be able to pick up 1700 on the dial, goes through a big song that's not only about how more testing this strata is going to be such a great broadcaster.
And we certainly hope he's going to be a better broadcaster than anyone's a baseball player here at Amarland, which is why they did pool them in the second year.
Boot them all the way to Japan.
But then he goes on about, oh my gosh, if the Dan La Bastard joins this strata.
Am I saying his name wrong this guy?
Call out of you.
If he joins them on the show, that will give the station for Hispanic talk show host joining evening host, Julie Pradov.
She probably came to press in a market with a large Hispanic base.
It's surprising WQM does not have a regular Hispanic talk show.
By the way, does WY&Z have a regular talk show host?
No.
When I would be when we were doing talk and I would be, they have a regular Hispanic talk show host?
No.
WSNO's?
No.
K-18?
No.
Any other English language station that I can take off?
No.
But Barry finds it very surprising, see?
See, I hate to break the news to you, Barry, because I know you're a dumb little putt wacker.
But let me explain something to you, okay?
You little puss?
People turn on the radio to hear somebody who's entertaining.
They don't give a rat ass about their ethnic background, okay?
They don't care how much ball they play like Orange for Marty.
Is he still on the air?
No.
I mean, come on, Barry.
Talk about stretching it.
Jesus Christ is going to fall off of you's retinuity farther, Barry.
Man.
The second and a 45,000 part series about Athens, a station that most people can't pick up on their goddamn radios.
But anyway, look at the tremendous response we got here to give away this thing.
See, Sam, I'm going to screw up my show again.
I want to do this right at the beginning and get out of the way.
So we don't have to screw up the whole show with this crap.
Because give away is you know how give away is go over on the show.
As your pregnant poor father in the middle of the July heat.
There's only one call on the board, which means nobody wants to go to the NHL.
So draft party tomorrow.
Free food for you and your friends.
Free food and drinks with a Q&A staff.
Hang around with Gildi.
Oh, that's probably because Rimmer is going to be there.
They don't want to.
Oh, yeah, I can understand that.
The rim man is going to be there.
Hey, stop.
Yeah.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
That's not the WBA draft party.
Yeah, the WBA.
That's the one I want to go to.
Okay.
Sorry.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
When is this?
I was wondering if I might be the person you would give that package to for tomorrow night.
It's for tomorrow noon.
So get the time right.
Maybe I might give it to you tomorrow noon.
You got it.
The NHL draft party.
See nobody out here even knows there is an NHL draft party.
Because the whole morning this morning, well, they didn't have Randy Molter in there.
But they're talking about the Schwarzer-Larry Johnson.
But you know all this crap that he's talking trash.
Does anybody surprise that some Schwarzer is talking trash?
You surprise?
Oh.
And by the way, we got some of the clips we'll play later.
And he's so then illiterate.
I mean, what do you expect?
Maybe if you got a brain, Larry, okay?
Maybe then some of your other folks might get out of the goddamn ghetto, okay?
This slave mentality.
You know how?
It's like a concentration camp mentality.
How long can you keep doing that?
How long can you keep using that as an excuse, Larry, for being illiterate?
And you ought to kiss the ground that you're making any money for being a stupid joke, okay?
Opening a head, by the way, so Bill Walton did smoke some dope at UCLA.
That's the only good thing we can say about it.
Oh!
After hanging out with Patty Hearst all that time, you hung out with that bitch.
You'd be smoking a lot of weed too, okay?
Larry, you're just jealous.
Okay, I'll get those phones ring.
I'll get to them.
We'll find a winner here.
We'll get this disgusting thing out of the way.
W-Q-I-M.
Yeah, let's speak with him to the nail plate.
Okay, hold on.
W-Q-I-M.
Q-I-M.
How are you doing now?
Great.
All right.
I'm a 25-year-old Julio.
Yeah.
It doesn't know nothing about hockey.
Right.
But I'll take the ticket so that could learn.
Take the tickets to what?
To the NHL drop party.
Yeah.
You have three friends?
Yeah, I got three friends.
Are they all Julios?
They're all Julios.
Yeah.
Did they know anything about hockey at all?
Oh, they know it takes a stick, a puck on that.
They know how to stick it.
They know how to stick it in the net.
And they put the lotion in the basket.
They put the lotion in the basket.
Okay, hold on.
M-E-C-P-A-S-T.
Okay, hold on.
You got it.
By the way, B-N-I-S-T-Rimmer, okay?
Because he's a dottering old man.
Okay, hold on.
Line three.
That's our winner.
See, then, all these other people will get out of here.
Okay.
And by the way, tell him he's going to have to...
How are we going to do this?
See, I asked Sam how are we going to do this?
And he said, well, however you want.
What does that mean?
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, do we have actual...
I'll get...
He'll have tell him he's got to come here sometime between now
and four this afternoon and pick up whatever we got.
How's he going to get up here, by the way?
See, Sam, if I'm going to do a promotion for you,
at least give me a little clue.
I asked him a question.
Oh, however you want to do it.
Yeah, but I don't...
You know, come on, Sam.
What do we do?
What do...
You talk to the guy.
You set it up.
His name's going to be on the guest list tomorrow.
Okay.
Well, don't put his name on the ear
because then we'll have 6,000 people
with the same name showing up there,
shmoring around.
Don't go shmoring around, okay?
Okay, we got rid of that.
Thank God.
There you go, Sam.
And they're all Julios, by the way.
They're all full 100% red-blooded spics.
And by the way, they will take a blood test
before they're done,
because we want to get those Julios in on the hockey.
Then maybe very jackass will get off our case, okay?
About not having enough Julios in our midst.
Christ almighty, Barry, you talk about a long stretch,
about really reaching.
Ten minutes after ten to five, 60 WQM,
your Hispanic station for the 90s.
It's your kids getting bigger.
Look and do the bars at the county jail.
Oh!
Oh, she was there and he began to well.
Yeah.
Every guy living there,
because he drank too much,
and tights him was looking for some food
to touch the little guy.
Look at all the tail-hound shot.
All right.
Everybody was rather their son,
getting ready for the jail-hound shot.
His to-fidth back wasn't looking so well,
saying that his marriage was a living hell.
Topped in the corner with his burrito,
he sent the top ball down his way to throw it all the time.
Look at all the tail-hound shot.
Everybody was grabbing their son,
smiling at the jail-hound shot.
Are you?
And you went to jail-hound shot.
Watch it and start crying.
Look at them, step on their job.
Everyone's shankin' their clients.
Everybody has had hard nights,
including those jail-hound shots.
Ten 15 to five, 60 WQM.
Can we play that one clip?
The first clip of the region?
I can't wait to hear this.
Just the one.
The slave one?
Yeah, that would be good.
Like maybe sometimes.
I suppose it would be honored and happy.
And whatever, just by my success or my bad brother,
that girl who said, yes, I am.
But I can't deny the fact of what done happen to us
for the years and years and years.
We feel like the bottom of the total part.
What did they have?
I can't turn my head to that.
My head.
Okay, well, how about going to like take a refresher course in English?
Larry, that might be good.
How would you say?
How could it help?
It would little ruts come back.
See, I just, I don't want to hear any more of it.
I can't stand it.
It just makes me sick to my stomach.
These people here to be kissing the ground,
then anybody would pay more than like 250 an hour to do anything.
Anything.
And as far as Bill Walton's concerned, we all know.
He's an asshole.
He's an asshole.
He's a smock.
Everybody had to hitch Bill Walton.
Even Patty Hurston wanted nothing to do with him.
After she got the Uzi,
what the hell difference is it making?
All these very important people, you know,
passing their comments on American sociological phenomena
and about the slavery and the equality.
Yeah, right.
Here's a great sociologist for you, Larry Johnson.
You've had him already.
Go find some watermelon.
Get out of our face.
How about maybe learn to speak the language?
That would be a good start.
Where the hell was I?
Why was any elevator in Toronto last weekend?
And there was a black couple in there.
Like I would say in there, I don't know, 35 to 45
is somewhere in here.
And they were speaking to each other like I'm speaking to you now.
And they were not Canadian by the way.
They were American.
They were talking about something in Chicago.
They were from, well, of course, Chicago, you understand.
There were some educated people with dark skin.
To get in a good education and being able to speak English properly,
that's a real good start, you know?
Talking about slavery and talking about the Holocaust
and whining and caring about stuff that happened 50 years ago
or 300 years ago.
Nobody cares about that anymore, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
God, get so frickin old.
Almost as old as this very Jackass business.
But you know what, Barry?
We love the free publicity, okay?
We had a meeting here this morning for about 10 seconds
and everybody said, you love the free publicity?
And everybody in Unison said, yeah!
We like it.
Just keep writing a lot about 1700 Waffen,
Affin, and you know, and get us in there, too.
It's surprising in a market with a large Hispanic base
that WQM doesn't have a regular Hispanic talk host
or Lando Al Zigeri as a reporter and update anchor at QM.
And George Rodriguez, neo-Rodges producer,
fills in on air occasionally.
The new station will be more reflective of our community
although it's questionable whether that will help 1700 defend
attract listeners.
Yeah, it's questionable.
It's dubious.
You know what I'm saying, Barry?
It's real dubious.
Just like it's questionable whether it's a craft
that you write in newspaper.
You don't sell any more papers to the goddamn hero.
You know what I'm saying, Barry?
You piece of craft, you turd burger,
you scumbag on little tiny legs.
God, the Rumpel Stiltskin of newspapers, Barry Jackass.
Ever seen any?
It looks just like Rumpel Stiltskin on a bad day,
on a bad hair day.
It looks like how he doodie on a bad day,
with a worse complexion.
God.
I mean, thank God the hero doesn't have any agenda.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh yeah, and like I said, I love it personally.
I'm not one of these paranoid like Greg Reed
who's running up and down the halls going like that.
Yeah.
Because there might be something.
And not only that, but who the hell is going to buy any spots on that thing?
On a station that most people can't pick up on a radio dial.
Nobody in their right mind goes anywhere near that end of the dial, by the way.
But Barry, he's going to keep pounding away and pounding away
and banging away and maybe someday he'll find something down there.
Just keep banging on it, Barry.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Okay, line eight problem there right off the bat.
Let's hear it.
Hey, Greg Reed, there's a, that's good.
If Greg Reed would be more worried about getting a phone system in here that worked instead of having a piece of crap,
this gender piece of garbage, which is the cheapest, the laughing stock of the guy in the industry.
Yeah.
Instead of being running up and down the hall, hyperventilating about a non-existent radio station,
just like that 1210 that was put on the air by the same board ops, by the way.
Did that make it?
No.
Anybody hear about them?
Like I said yesterday, I can remember back in IOD when people were hyperventilating over here.
We were getting the spy reports about 1210.
Oh, there's going to be another sports station down here.
Wow, this is going to be big time.
And what was it out for like about five minutes?
Uh-huh.
But this is, you know, this is the kind of big stuff that happens in radio in this market,
especially when you have like two or three companies that own 99% of the broadcast things on your dial,
which is why most of it is such crap.
Pure, unadelverated, direct.
Speaking of direct, by the way, anybody seen Todd lately?
No.
Good.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, you know how to go?
Great.
You talking about the board offs came across an arc one radio and records that you would have been interested in.
Yes, sir.
So I'm talking about that extreme radio that's on the air in Detroit,
and it went on to say that Steve Dahl pulled his thermal cast from Chicago
because he got sick and tired of the board offs going up in the commercial breaks
and doing their own mini talk shows.
Really?
So he got sick and tired of it now he's not part of it anymore.
He sucks, by the way, Steve Dahl.
I love that Chicago.
No, I don't.
Maybe he might have been funny 15 years ago, but last time's I've heard of him.
He was terminal.
But that's why he got out of it because the board offs were taken over his show
and conducted her own little commentary during the show.
Yeah.
Typical board offs.
Well, it sounds to me like if you remember when Howard was at CKG,
on Mike Disney Station in Chicago, when he was under the first time and then they dropped it,
he was psychotic because they were planted on tape, and the board offs were screwed around with the tapes
and doing all kinds of goofy things with the tapes.
Well, why did they do that, Neil?
Why did they board offs?
Because most board offs are a bunch of stupid little punky kids who think that they want to,
you know, this is their chance to play radio.
You know what I'm saying?
Play radio.
Get it like they got a director set.
Well, you know, I mean, it's like that on Randy Rhodes, Brook Daniels, Rick and Sides,
Samson 1580, it's like shut up, you're a board off.
Right.
You're a board off.
That's right.
Well, you get plenty of that on this radio stage.
You're not a want to mention anything you have to do on a Hank show.
I mean, once you're 10, you're like,
he's like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And it's embarrassing.
It's horrible radio.
I don't know why Hank just doesn't tell him to shut up already, you know,
although it does help kill some good time.
Well, I guess we should just go a lot to the Joe Costello remote.
He's a board off.
I'll be back in Joe.
No, Joe is not a board off.
Joe is a talent.
He is now.
Quicky voice, yeah.
Oh, because I just thought you always ripped him over.
It's always time I thought maybe it would be more or less.
Joe Costello? No.
I wondered if I ever say anything bad about Joe.
What do you think about Joe?
Have a great day.
Joe is a good guy.
We all like Joe.
5-6705-60 on the AT&T wireless line on a great Friday.
I'm putting in a good word for you.
You're trying to do guilty.
Joe wants to be confused with guilty.
That's why that spot ran here a couple of minutes ago.
He keeps raising his voice higher.
He says, look what I did for guilty.
Maybe it will move me under that morning show.
Of course, I think you might have to do some other things too.
You might not have the stomach for it.
Anyway, move right along.
5-6705-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What was that guy's name that Joe Angel was hyperventilating about?
We'll put that for Monday.
Todd Stiff.
Joe Angel.
I'll show you how exciting the Marlon games are.
Joe Angel did an ending in a half yesterday on a guy named Todd Stiff.
Who was like some, I don't know what he was.
Some Stiff.
Nice going there Joe.
And by the way, speaking of his panic, what about Joe Angel?
He's a spick, right?
There you go.
Who happens to be a sports spick who does the Marlon games on our great Marlon broadcast?
How about that Barry? How could you leave him out if you really were doing your homework?
George Wadriga is who occasionally fills in for neo-roggers.
He's a spick, but other than that, there's a real short of just spicks over there.
I got news for you Barry.
We're up to our ass in spicks and one of them just opened it all right now.
Of course he's Venezuelan, so we don't count quite as much as those Cubans, right?
Isn't that right?
Yeah.
We got spicks up the old breakfast in this place.
How about power 96?
Rhymes would spick.
Loaded with Julio's over there.
We got Julio's that haven't been born yet working in this place.
And Barry says, well, they'd be more reflected in the community than like, oh god.
That's one of the things that most people don't want to hear in his town.
Is somebody on the air going,
oh god, that's one of them.
Exactly.
Maybe we can have an insevald that can start or come back and go, you can do that a lot very happy, okay?
Fat little puts.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Neo-god. Yes, I am. How you doing?
Great. I've got to say first thing, George is great.
Yeah.
And did you see this piece on the news last night about this woman up in where's a pompano whatever that she heard about?
No, I remember I was talking about the booth.
Oh, I know that one.
She went through her house to check the kid, whatever she had the kid under the bed.
Right. And she's pregnant with the tenth one.
Right.
What did I tell you? Forsterilization, baby.
How long have I been telling you that? That's the model on this show.
Do no harm in forced sterilization.
I mean, unbelievable.
Anyway.
No, it's great. I have a great day.
Yeah. I wonder what Larry Johnson would have to say about that, huh?
Oh, what?
Of course, Dave.
Of course, Dave inspired report.
Hello?
Hey, Neo, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Oh, gross, man.
You can't have that thing back. Yes, sir.
I'm in Fort Myers on vacation with the family.
Boring this can be.
That's the night I'm watching Fox News.
Why would anybody go to Fort Myers on vacation?
I got a little kids and they get to play in the golf and all that good stuff.
Okay. Whatever you say.
I'm all put a guy that sits in front of you at hockey.
What else do you got, Roy?
So anyway, Fox News.
Oh, wait, man. You're the guy that sits in front of me in a hockey games?
Two rows. Not the one with the kids that keep solding them up in front of my face all the time.
I'm the one two rows in front of you in the middle.
Oh, okay. Okay.
I'm all right, I think.
Anyway, very safe and a special on Fox News.
Elderly people putting together an erotic calendar.
And he's interviewing these 97-year-old women who have a play.
Oh, yeah.
But what happened? He used to be thin.
I mean, the guy's like a bump on TV.
Who, Cory is fat?
Yeah, he was wearing a disgusting outfit and look kind of chubby with those beaver teeth.
Wow.
Definitely a radio face.
Cory is definitely beefing up.
Maybe I hang out with beefo so much as rubbed off on him.
Beefo and head.
Anyway, in fact, maybe all the way to the head boss.
Maybe Cory found it.
Good voice, but bad on TV.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Oh.
And have a great time in Fort Myers.
Haha.
Have a great time in Fort Myers, baby.
Hey, I'm going on vacation next week.
Where are you going?
Fort Myers.
And then going to stop off in Jupiter de Quest for a couple of days.
Then we're going to go to Pensuko for a day or two and then wrap it all up in OGIS.
There you go.
Answer vacation.
By the way, speaking of Duno harm, so a school teacher from Palm Beach County sends me a photo in the mail this morning.
On a blackboard in his class, he said he's headed up there for eight years.
It's never erased.
It says, do no harm.
God bless you, sir.
How do you like that?
There's the message your kids need.
Not the ten commandments.
Not we the people.
Not Thomas Jefferson.
Not Thomas Paine in the ass.
But to do no harm.
There you go.
What a concept, huh?
Pretty difficult.
Makes too much sense, I guess, for us.
Plus, how can you argue about that?
It's Friday.
You best.
Sure.
You're a manly man.
A man's kind of man, a man above men.
But you still need your vitamins.
The problem is, you ain't getting any.
A man has.
You don't need them because you think they make you look gay.
Kiwi's taste pretty good, but what kind of a city name is Kiwi?
And lemon, please.
The only thing you pucker up to is your Harley.
Once you get it out of a shop.
So the answer?
Tough guy vitamins.
They're shaped like rocks.
They can look like a real man, chopping them down.
They even crunch like sand and have a sewage-like aftertaste.
So if you want to keep that chest hair growing and then black heads popping,
you need your vitamins.
And when you want vitamins, you need tough guys.
And this month only, pick up a free twin pack of tough guy iron supplements so much iron.
They don't sound like your crap in metal.
Tough guy with a male ego list.
1032 at 560 W.
If you want to speak to the tough guys, by the way, this is kind of a delicate story about...
Roy!
Who was just in here a few minutes ago?
Grab them one of our cigars.
And I said, have a cigar, Roy.
Of course, he'd already yanked it out in the cigar too.
Speaking of yanking it out, some of you with a good memory will remember a couple of moments.
A couple of weeks ago when Roy came in here and just in a very hysterical moment,
saw the gigantic black dill-most sitting on the ledge over here to my left and said,
I gotta have that!
And they ran out of here with it and took days and days of my screaming and yelling.
We want our peace pack that he finally brought it back.
So Joe Costello, speaking of Joe, just asked Roy when he was on his way out of here
moments ago with his free cigar.
What did you do with that thing?
And Roy's response was, well, you probably wouldn't understand
but what you ordinarily would do with something like that.
And Joe said, you mean you stuck that in somebody?
And Roy said, or they stuck it in me and marched out of here.
Roy!
And Roy!
Now, if you...
Anybody in the audience, if we only had television here for just a few seconds,
and you could see the size of this enormous gigantic dark black thing,
you would say to yourself, oh my god!
Yeah, at the very least you would say that.
I mean, and of course now that the...
And of course he has to be joking, doesn't he?
Does he have to be a...
Oh, he's got to be kidding us.
Because we've been fondling this thing, you know, we've been screwing around with it here
just as a joke, all we have noticed.
I told you it was much the worst for where, did I tell you that?
Yeah.
And I thought it was just a joke.
And the fact that people have actually been touching it and smelling it
and got only those doing what else with it.
Oh my god!
Roy!
The inside story, the where I fought through story.
Here's the North Miami, hello.
Hello, look at that line 7, we got a little problem here today, take a hello.
Hello.
Okay, call us back.
Line 7 and line 8 are all of a sudden having brain parts.
That must be because Greg Reed was just in here again,
hyperventilating about that very jackass story.
What did Greg say?
Basically, the narrowed down.
Yeah!
That's what he said.
5670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pompano, hello.
Oh okay, line 8 also, we got line...
Maybe we can get all the lines through this and I can go home early, huh?
That's a...
Yeah!
We got a phone system that don't work at all now.
Nice going there, Greg.
He's walking around all I'm going to see those bastards that pursuant Joe Rose,
he's under contract with, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do that, yeah.
And the meantime, can you get the phone system working in here?
No.
No.
See, that's the way it always is here, like I told you.
They're living on borrowed time, these people.
But then some little punky board op comes along and pretends he's starting a radio station
which all he's doing is brokering time, just like all those other loser stations.
And this guy's running around going, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you know.
But can we get the phone working right?
No!
No!
So we're losing half of our calls because they're like, let me try this one.
See?
Sounds okay there.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hi, man.
Yes sir.
Can you hear me?
Here you're great.
We got this phone working.
First of all, how are you doing today?
I hope it's going fine.
I'm feeling good.
Yeah.
Regarding the Miami girls, intelligent people know that that's part of the self-love.
And the problem is that the Miami girls are such a lousy newspaper.
I mean, it offers nothing.
Look at it.
Even the, I mean, here are all these various stories around the country and around the world.
And what did they put on the front page yesterday about this possible new station?
I mean, I don't think so.
Front page, can you imagine people from coast to coast are a gas that this makes the front page.
I mean, supposedly major market newspaper.
Yeah, it's not even in an area that you're going to be able to get so much of.
I mean, and so Barry Jackass, as Hank calls them, does it again.
I mean, it's amazing what this, what intelligent people have to read down here with this Miami girls.
And part of the problem is they don't have true competition.
Unfortunately.
So they don't have any competition.
Do you only got them newspaper and date county in English?
And of course, then they got their L, L, the wave old, and the old, and the old, and whatever it does.
Which it seems to, that they care more about that than the regular heralds anyway.
Right.
That's right.
Well, I just want to...
That's why Barry is campaigning so much for the Julio's there.
If we just add more Julio's on here, well, he doesn't understand is that the Julio's hate the herald even worse than the rest of us.
Well, it's amazing also how a supposed TV and radio writer becomes the NBA beat writer.
I mean, they came in a forge with that.
Getting a real person to call...
Because they don't have anybody understaff.
They got a bunch of stringers over there, a bunch of punks.
Yeah, it's amazing.
We'll have a rate day, sir.
Okay, and also, uh, 12 years of newspapers back.
Okay, and God bless you.
Okay, so not only does it in our phone work right now, but now they're also in the construction thing here.
Now they're drilling like either right under our ass or right over our heads or both of the above.
You probably hear that on the ear.
I mean, they're just...
Any second, they're going to be like flying through the walls here, whatever the hell these guys are doing.
Nice going, great.
Thank you.
I was thinking here this morning, we had a couple of bumpy days there.
Joe had his big thing with bluff, and then Hank had a couple of explosive days there, because you had that Hank.
But everything was kind of like coming back down to earth again.
Bluff brought me my paycheck in here today, actually, on time.
You know, things are going great.
I shouldn't know.
All of a sudden the phone is going ahead on a hand basket, and these construction people are like drilling in between underneath over my head.
All over the guy there.
Sounds like the guy there building is going to take off in orbit any second here.
Jesus Christ in Joseph.
How about like doing it like any of the other 20 hours a day when I'm not on the year in his studio, huh?
How would that be?
Does that make too much sense?
Uh-huh.
God.
22 before 11 at 5, 60 WDQAM.
So let's take a vote.
Let's find out where raw.
Really stuck that thing, huh?
You think you really stuck it in this...
Factor.
Oh, that's...
Oh.
How is that possible?
The diameter of that thing is going to be like about four inches.
I mean, a crud diameter I'm talking to length is like about two and a half feet.
Well, let me take a look.
Oh, wait a minute.
You know what I'm saying?
X marks the spot.
There's like a little line on here at the bottom about two and a quarter feet down.
You think that's as far as it got in?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
22 before 11 at 5, 60 WDQAM.
Several open lines here.
Give it a shot.
Some of them might actually work.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the 18 T line.
We got part seven in our prostitute ring there, which finally made the front page in the year old.
But only like a little part of it, then they put on the rest of it on the inside, because they don't want to get too carried away.
Because it's too big of a story.
In fact, that we got go in those harmony cops, morning noon and night, bang in 16 year old miners there and running a horror ring here in town.
That's not a big story, is it?
No.
The fact that so late he drove into a gas station in like Drove On a Pump, that's a big story.
I mean, what do you want from old people?
They drive a lot of buildings.
They like to do it by the day.
And like my mother, they're stubborn.
It's a drive-in.
It's a drive-through.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
And they just go ahead and drive through the joint, right through the goddamn wall.
It's commonplace here.
It happens every day.
And just because they're 99 and just got a six-year renewal on their driver's license, they'll make a big deal out of it.
OK?
Don't be a goddamn trouble maker.
Oh, God, Neil.
Where's the house over here?
It's a big shot.
That's not the border.
It's a real surprise.
You guys out there, as I have to go.
But I'm going to stick with light, under your nose.
They use mail.
Oh, my.
Oh, my God.
Well, sometimes they feel like spaghetti, yo.
Or the cheese that goes on my toes.
In between my legs is where they put your head off.
Take them out there.
Under your nose.
They have a yeast.
Mail, my.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, I'll give it a we'll help.
I'll keep it in your truck.
Check out that visitor.
No, no, what a good place.
But it's also good to meet.
Yeah, take a buddy and you'll know.
Ha, ha, ha.
That's not my business, it's just me.
You've shut the all-here and not the bus road?
Hey, it's not this is where they make a...
I'm not going to be able to do that.
You...
Let's play a little bit behind.
Roy!
Ahhhh...
Fingert.
Alright!
10.45 at 5.60 WQM.
Wait a year or this.
Oh, by the way, speaking of smell, I think you're just one little footnote.
That's all we'll play on the Northport.
Footnote toward discussing yesterday about flushing toilets in public care restrooms with your foot.
Didn't dawn on me till I left here yesterday, and this proves to me because I spoke to 6,422 people after I left here yesterday.
There wasn't a single one of them said they ever flushed a toilet with their foot in their life, okay?
Real men don't flush toilets with their feet.
In addition to which, if you were to flush the toilet with your foot, that means you have to stand up and turn around and face the music so to speak and look and see what you left behind.
Now, I don't know about you, but I'm not one of those people that necessarily has to take a look and see what I left behind.
I figured, get rid of it as soon as possible.
You follow what I'm saying?
You get it?
Why would any person in its right mind want to know unless you've had some kind of intestinal problems or something like that?
Sounds like somebody on the hall's got an intestinal.
You hear that?
That's got to be on the ear.
What are these people doing in the middle of this show?
I said, you're all morning long, was this going on this morning?
No.
But now that Neil got his paycheck, let's terrorize him for four hours during a show by doing a heavy duty construction right over his head under his feet.
We finally got the music turned down on power 96, so let's drill for four hours.
What is going on over here, man?
Yeah.
So, don't tell me that any real man flushes the toilet with his foot, okay, because I'm not buying it.
Anyway, fat boy just came in and he handed me something really exciting.
Florida Marlins news bulletin from Pro Player Stadium. Wait till you hear this.
The Florida Marlins, is somebody going to do something about that or what?
Huh? Is Pussy Galore over next door? I mean, he'd birch up so much, of course.
That was when Greg was out of town, you know, when he and a little dog had a big confrontation and he was over there flexing his muscle.
They're still drilling it.
The Florida Marlins are supporting Miami-Dade County Mayor Alex Penis, the Miami Coalition, and weed and seed in their efforts to re-refer to the state.
We do scum violence in injuries in Miami-Dade County by rewarding residents who participate in gun surrender day.
Anybody know weed and seed? How about you do?
Yeah, man.
Local residents will receive free ticket to a Marlins game on July 9, 10, 11th for every gun they surrender.
This is the best! This is the best!
Free tickets to a Marlins game July 9, 10, 11th for every gun they surrender on Saturday, June 26th.
That's tomorrow at our Cola Lakes Park or Tropical Park between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.
The event encourages area residents to turn in their unwanted guns, receive trigger locks, and participate in gun safety demonstrations while educating them about the state of Florida's new 10-20 life law.
How do you like that? And the weed and seed people are going to be there.
YUM LAW! That's my favorite. What are we going to do about this, Mr. Program Director?
It sounds like any second they're going to come a crash into the goddamn roof, which at least will make for interesting radio.
God! Nice going Greg, you jackass!
Yeah, there it goes again. That worked like a charm. Not.
How about you bury jackasses the one that's doing? He's probably outside the building trying to drill his way in.
Yeah, they won't let him into the door, so he's probably trying to drill his way in.
Okay, so don't forget, take your guns. That should be pretty good, huh?
To our Cola Park Lakes Park, I have no idea where that is.
It's a tropical park, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. tomorrow.
What are you doing here, gun? For free Marlon Tick.
Huh?
There's so many angles to that deal, aren't there?
Free gun, free tickets for Marlon, however that goes.
I could, they've got a great line for it, but I've been to not use it.
Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hello.
New God!
Yes, sir.
What about Marlon Lemieux?
Yeah, he got the pen with nice gun, Mary-Anne.
Save the franchise.
He had to do it again.
Yep.
He saved him the first time, and now he's saving him again.
You're right. He's the savior.
Hopefully he'll do a good job running the team.
Okay. God bless you, sir.
And the Yammy Yager there last night got the heart trophy for most valuable player in league,
and of course the top scorer in league, and they got up there in his broken checkers,
LeBocke and said, well, now that I'm on the payroll working for Mary-O,
I want to thank him for something like that.
Nice gun, Eryami.
5'6705'60", 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Guns for tickets, baby.
That's the only way the Marlon can get anybody in there.
Just to hold them up, I guess.
By the way, our sales staff, you'll be impressed, though,
and they spent the entire day yesterday selling spots on Marlon's games.
We're not supposed to put that on here, but I'm putting that on anyway,
just to impress and dazzle you, to tell you that we sold a billion dollars worth of spots yesterday.
Marlon games through a bunch of unsuspecting suckers out there.
Nice going, sales staff.
And by the way, the rumor has it around the building that the spot sales people,
not the sports sales people, but the spot sales people wanted to sell this show
and the morning show and hang show, regular like spots and not the ball games.
They're the ones that sell all the spots that are Marlon games.
Because the sports sales staff came up with a big fat goose egg.
All those grandmas in here this morning, bragging to me about how we got the best sales staff,
and I have no idea what she was doing in here.
I have no clue what she was doing.
She was standing there and her mouth was moving,
and I haven't got a clue what she was talking about,
which I guess made two of us.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning. I've been known to flush with my foot at one place.
No, don't do that.
At ProPlayer Stadium.
Oh, well.
You've got to do it there.
I mean, the people are animals.
Yeah.
Just animals.
But the reason I call...
Let me tell you this.
You don't want to do an edible park, you know?
I mean, I'm one of those people.
I guess because I'm diabetic, I have to run, take a leak a lot,
you know, when you drink a lot of sodas or a lot of beer,
whatever you might be drinking.
But to actually do a serious number at the arena or a ballpark,
you have to try to make sure you take care of all that business before you go there.
Well, you know, I have a lactose intolerance problem,
so sometimes I have no choice.
Uh-huh.
But you mentioned yesterday that you spend a lot of money on your dog at the vet.
Don't you have pet insurance?
No, pet insurance.
Pet insurance.
What's that?
My dog is 13 years old.
Yeah.
And it has saved me hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of dollars over the years.
Pet insurance?
Absolutely.
Well, it's too late now, I think.
My dog is about like 10 and a half years old.
Well, my dog is 13, I can still get it.
Really?
Call 1-800-USA-PETS.
I don't work for the company.
USA-PETS?
Yeah.
1-800-USA-PETS.
Yeah.
And you could probably get insurance.
I have like a $40 deductible per incident.
Now you're telling me.
And they can't get it.
You have any idea?
Do you have any clue how much it cost me?
I went and picked up my little dog yesterday, that little piece of crap.
And uh, 355 bucks.
Yeah, well.
And I got a great vet.
I mean, I love her, but 355 bucks.
I mean, this guy had shots that haven't been invented yet.
You've gotten 70% back after a $40 deductible.
Wow.
I fall above.
I feel so used.
Yep, you should.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
I'm the first time you feel used, though.
Right, exactly.
Okay, thanks.
There you go.
1-800-USA-PETS.
PETS.
PETS.
Do I have health insurance for myself?
No.
But for the dogs, I better get it.
5-6-7.
Thank you.
Bluff, blah, blah.
I haven't got the construction workers to cut the crap.
What is it?
Oh, okay.
He's going to come in here and give me a low-by blow to tail of what went on out there.
Yeah, they're drilling all over the goddamn place.
They're maniac.
They're looting at these people.
Okay.
Go do it like after, uh, after six at night.
There's nobody around.
There's nobody listening either after six at night.
Believe me.
Anybody see the book on it?
Nobody listening.
They're all over the 17-ever now.
I'll see anything and pick it up.
See how many sticks they can find on the fan, on the affin.
I'm going to tell you something very seriously.
If brains were dangerous, you'd be the safest goddamn guy to hang around within the world.
Man.
What a piece of turd.
Okay.
You just look at that picture.
First of all, I know the heraldest famous.
We're putting a lot of bad pictures of people they don't like in a paper.
But what about people around their payroll, huh?
Take a look at that, Poise.
This one, that's, he looks like he's a store enough of the guy they winter time.
Like a chipmunk, okay?
Jesus Christ, even Alvin.
Never had cheeks like that.
Maybe hangs out with raw.
He goes like to keep their cheeks full.
I don't know what that's all about.
Sir, if the more I think about this thing and the fact that we were actually inspecting
nothing closely and touching it, God.
Man.
After raw.
Came in here and told us that he had a deep inside his, uh, somewhere.
Beckham.
Oh.
I'm starting to like uptruck and lunch hasn't even shown up yet.
Here's Boker.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
We're all here at work, bending over for you.
Yeah.
So.
Well, Royal B right over.
Okay, great.
5667 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pompoidoh.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Circus 5, do you want a line?
All right.
All right.
Uh, and I also never flush with my feet.
Just let you know.
Well, thank God.
Jews don't flush with their feet.
Yeah, there's no point.
I think only Graham do stuff like that.
Well, I'm sitting here working at an office furniture company.
He got a bunch of hockey fans here.
Yeah.
Actually, some are from Toronto.
It actually met when I had an airport.
But, um, call about the, uh, NHL draft tickets.
What do you mean by that?
I always wondering if you get it to us.
Every, uh, when did you turn the radio on?
This morning.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I said I had, uh, a thing for three people.
Right.
And I gave it to that Julio.
Oh, you did?
Yeah.
Didn't hear that one.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
But you're Jewish.
We're not sending any Jews to this.
We got, we got, we got, we got, we got, we got, we got, we got, we got, all the Jews we can handle over there now.
We got to get some sticks in there because Barry is going to keep picking on us.
Oh, man.
That's right.
All right.
But God bless you, sir.
If I had him, you'd have him.
I would go with.
I have a great day.
And don't go with your feet.
5, 6, 7, 05.
You know, I, I'm trying to think if I ever gave anything away on the year and made it very clear.
I was probably like, we would blow a trumpet, make a big sound effect like something to make it clear it's gone now.
No more, okay.
No moss.
Like they say at the age of no moss.
To make it very clear that that's the end of that, okay.
No more.
You got it?
Huh?
No more tickets.
No more ticking.
No more washing.
And by the way, who want to go to that thing anyway?
And we'll have it right here on QA and tomorrow, by the way.
The only way we're going to get on it.
This station is that stupid hockey show we've got Sunday night and it's drafting tomorrow.
That's what Greg just told me before.
If he thinks he's ever getting on this station.
1055 at 560, WQA.
And we can't afford to feed him anyway.
Tell, present, over 740 games of like poisonous songs of love.
Especially for the Lady In Your Life by Cherry Loose.
Lady!
When I hit you, I'd say the...
How many love songs do you already eat?
All contributed by the love mightier himself.
A livingable superstar entertainer, Cherry Loose.
And to get your favorite Lady Loose song by Cherry Loose.
Lady!
Lady!
Lady across my big red bed.
It's an amazing competitive of 748 love songs for your Lady.
All digitally remastered and all performed by the masterful superstar, Cherry Loose.
I'm just scaring you by the heat of joy for you on K-Cell Records.
I think they're very special musical instruments of a lady.
You'll get this arosmith classic.
And...
And...
You look like a lady.
And...
And...
The food looks like a lady's sherry.
Now it's always with a pair of Swissers.
At Ellen Raties, it never sounded better.
That ain't the way between a lady and a woman.
It's the lady to walk on our show.
And look, Cherry, the busy interpretation of this super hit from the Kigapuh.
Oh, the lady with my wife today.
The lady to see who's has a lady.
I want to live up to that.
Juryler!
Oh yeah!
How about that man?
Ah!
I want to have a hearty.
That's 748 copies of the Play-D-Song.
From 35 CDs or 125, 133 H.T.
All re-mixed in play and sponsor for Fearless Milk is at my shoes.
And it's a collection you'll share.
Your friends will love and your old Play-D-Song will be playing.
It's all yours from 17th DC payments to only 32.95.
And it's all from K-Sat Brothers.
You can tell it's H.T.O.
We go!
All right!
1101 at 560 WQM.
So anyway, let me just check line 7 because it's out of order.
I want to pick a lead band on here the rest of the day.
We'll just get in the spot.
I want to pick it up.
Yeah.
Hello?
I love it.
Just something about that sound.
Anyways, your beats are sound of the walls coming down, which is stopped for the moment.
But here's one of the greatest factors we've ever received here at 560 WQM.
It says, did you know every time you sit on a toilet,
your ass leaves a unique bacterial-logical fingerprint on the seat.
It can be distinguished from any other ass print in the world.
The only way to erase the print is to coat the toilet seat with alcohol and set it on fire.
Ooooo!
There you go.
That should get the job done.
That's right.
Don't be leaving no prints around town.
That's what we ought to do around here.
Start checking the lectin prints in the...
Oh boy.
Usually one of our salespeople always leaves a real...
Wow!
Bad aroma in there.
I mean, really bad.
You know what I'm saying?
Who knew you would?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
You know how you doing?
Listen, I'm glad you're on the topic of the foot flushing.
You see, I didn't know if you were talking about that number one or when you're doing a
dude.
The thing is, is that when you know in public, I don't do that.
You know, I have control over what I have to do.
But sometimes you go to the movie theater, you know, and all of a sudden, you know, everyone
leaves the movie at once and there's a mad rush to the bathroom.
You gotta go in the storm, stand up there and do your business.
Like the guy called about the stadium man, animals, you know, they pee on the seat, they
pee on the floor.
I'm either going to use my foot, or I'm going to even walk away from it or I'm going
to get a urinal where it has that thing.
I'll use my elbow.
You know, anything that's like a soccer match, but I'm not using my hand and that's just
the way it might not be bad.
Okay, thanks for the phone.
I'm talking about good lines on the phone.
Well, listen.
There we go.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 00, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
would arrest the situation in Kosovo or cure cancer,
you have to go through so much nonsense like that.
At a boy, Bob, I feel like if you are a little pork, okay?
An arrogant little pork that nobody can stand cause this,
we still say, hallelujah for you.
And God bless you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We apologize, by the way, for line.
Seven.
That's just the way it goes.
It's just part of the ambiance here at QAIM,
where it's a real piece of crap.
But nevertheless, we keep faking our way through.
Billing millions and millions and millions of dollars,
building unsuspecting clients from money
that they're never going to make.
Here's a mobile and Davy.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing now?
Pretty good, sir.
First off, you know, you're talking about these mall and tickets
and there's not that, you know, you get free mall and tickets
when you turn on the gun.
Yeah.
Every time you buy mall and tickets, you should get it done.
Right.
It's like, come and suicide when you go to the games.
Uh-huh.
I went to a game about that.
Yeah, that would be the dangerous thing.
I think that most people would be afraid that folks
would start playing Russian roulette out of boredom
by about the middle of the fifth inning.
I mean, I tell you, when I went to a game like three weeks ago,
when they had done, we had those real bad rains
and they had double-hatter.
I went there and I was there for the first pitch.
There had to be maybe 250 people.
Right.
Well, that wasn't that the Yankee series
and they played the four.
No, it was right before the Yankees.
It was the Orioles.
Or the Orioles series.
They played the first game of that double-hatter
with about 50 people in the stand.
And they played the whole game in pouring down rain
because they were so terrified they wouldn't get it in.
Exactly.
And so all the people had to have spent their money,
the few thousand people had spent their money
for the season ticket.
Like I said then, John Henry said,
screw them, we've got to get the game in.
Exactly.
We have to get the money back.
Talking about this crafting and everything
like that with the toilets, I'll tell you this.
It's so disgusting when you go in there
and you see any fine people that are not
flush in every corner.
Oh, God.
I've gotten to the point that if somebody does that,
I'm just going to sit there and I'm going to do the same
down thing.
I'm putting my finger.
If they're that stick.
You're not putting your finger where?
Correct them.
Yeah.
That's a good idea there.
But no, but I'm not, you know,
well, no, they did that in the bowl.
What are they doing on the handle?
Correct.
Good point.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
I'm going to become a footflusher.
There's an old saying, you know,
Jews have an old saying it's going to say, say,
better to be a footflusher than a floorflusher.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We're just rolling along singing a song here
on a great Friday.
Tell you what, it's 1,50 June.
It's just amazing to me.
We've actually, I shouldn't say this because every time I do this,
I give myself a canary.
But for some strange reason, maybe we're making a big comeback in a summer
time.
Everybody in town is out of money or something.
Because usually this time of year, everybody is long.
Maybe it's after the 4th of July, huh?
Don't count your calls before they hatch.
But usually it's, oh, boy, really slow and grim in slim.
We got our buddies coming from Wayne Arnold's,
we're all canceled by the way for lunch today.
I know a lot of people out there who take notes on their show.
People who just want to mark down every goddamn thing that goes on in.
Because they're very much in the show, which we appreciate that.
Wayne Arnold's come out and put lunch today and they're delivering by the way.
What's the guy's name that brings us lunch now?
What is it?
Oh, Hudson, that's right.
How can I forget that?
Name the car after.
And a river.
Nice going, Hudson.
We're looking forward to it.
And where's John Penis with my blood people, by the way?
11 o'clock, he says they're going to be in here by 11 o'clock.
See?
Because once the food comes, then I can't eat.
I'm not going to sit here and stir it food because these people are going to come
and take my blood and test for allergies, which believe me, I'm sure I'm allergic to this place.
That's going to be the first thing that comes up, seriously.
The first thing that comes up on a list when it tests my allergies is going to be...
It's safe!
In Miami Town.
Have bites, we told.
WQA.
That's going to be it.
Well, there's John Penis right there.
Good timing.
I was just screaming and carrying on like a child wondering what the hell is going on with you.
Forced Fad Radio will never be the same.
Starting this Monday on 560 WQA.
It's the Brian and Terry Murray Show.
6 to 10 a.m. Monday through Friday.
Only on 560 WQA.
7 to 8 a.m.
The first thing that comes up on a list is going to be the Brian and Terry Murray Show.
The first thing that comes up on a list is going to be the Brian and Terry Murray Show.
The first thing that comes up on a list is going to be the Brian and Terry Murray Show.
The first thing that comes up on a list is going to be the Brian and Terry Murray Show.
The first thing that comes up on a list is going to be the Brian and Terry Murray Show.
We're here on the list, we're on the tank, you'll need.
What you'll call for a currency plus a trade and it's called plus a trade plus a trade plus a trade.
It's the key, your number is your value on the C.
You should remember the number of the value you'll need.
You should remember the value you'll need.
You should remember the value you'll need.
Okay, I have never seen an honest regarding talking about the flushing thing with the feet now beginning to understand about all these macho men that I'm surrounded by.
I have never seen too such pussies in my life, especially John Penis.
This man, one of our great sales holes, is sitting in there.
His face is red as a goddamn beat.
Ready to pass out.
I just had blood drawn, which is not a big deal.
I get blood drawn all the time for a cholesterol test or whatever.
All the time I get blood drawn if you're like a real man like me.
And here's a married guy with 600 kids in there sitting there like,
you can't even watch it.
And he's still ready to pass out just from looking through the window and seeing that this is going on in here.
Unbelievable.
And Mr. Hotshot and there, JP, who also flushes with his foot, he's like looking turning the other way and staring at the ceiling like anything to see from blood coming out of somebody's arm.
Now, why don't you flush with your foot?
Jesus Christ.
Am I going to put a little something on there or what?
Like a little bandage? You okay?
Great job, by the way, excellent.
Yeah, we do a little thing here to test for allergies.
And like I said, the first allergy is definitely Todd Dreck came to the top of the list.
His name is the number one on the list.
Todd Dreck, your allergic dim, screw and she's on the list.
The water not. She's on the list. She's on the allergy list.
Okay, there you go.
Simple painless. No problem. No pain. No gain.
What, what do you need? Oh, I thought you were okay.
Okay, there we go. All done. Was that a big deal, huh?
No.
And John penis is barely staggering against the wall in here.
It can barely stand up. What a pussy, baby.
You're ready to take over the PD job any day and other pussy.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Let me go ahead those by the way.
Excellent. Sounds good. Thanks.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Hey, Leo.
Hey.
Sounds chronic to me. Yes, sir.
Yeah, what's up with this penis thing, though?
Yeah, okay.
567-0560, pont five. What did I tell you?
Pont five, 60 on a mobile one.
He would try to be nice to the Julio's Berry.
We're trying to accord our some favor with him
and they got a half a dozen of these little punks out there
and it's the same no life, no material,
but a bap-bap, a big bap, a same old crap.
Okay, Berry?
So you can have those guys over there on laughing.
We're all laughing at laughing.
Yeah, what is wrong with these people around here?
They're having a little blood drawn and they're like swooning.
Oh, I can't even look at it.
Much less having anybody do that to me.
Poor John Penis and you were like, oh, brother.
Lost all your credibility. Mr. Macho Man in there.
Here's a mobile and a fort lottery. Hello.
Good morning, Neil. How are you?
Pretty good, sir.
Good. I want to talk about something.
It has a little bit to do with sports,
but it's kind of related to life and in general,
the Larry Johnson issue that's...
Yes, sir. When we played that clip before,
maybe we'll play another one.
Now, a literate clip.
Okay. Just a... are you still there?
I'm listening.
Okay.
You know, this problem with the race issue,
the race car being brought into different situations in life,
honestly, will never ever be solved and never even be confronted seriously about
until people start realizing, especially people that are in every day in life,
that have a major voice, like a Larry Johnson,
where you can speak to the...
The reporters got a comic-catering or basis or Johnny Cochrane.
Yeah.
When it's taken seriously one day and not being brought out as things that happened in the past
and being confronted seriously about the problem,
then and only then will anything ever be done about this issue.
When people bring up slavery and stuff that happened in the past,
which everybody's fully aware of,
if they keep bringing things up like that,
I mean, they use it as a joke, they use it as a way to get out of it.
I look at it like a misery index.
It's a comparative misery, like who's been persecuted the most,
and who's been picked on the most, and who's been oppressed the most.
And here it is, it's like the end of the century,
and let's start getting with the program now.
Okay, stop making excuses for aberrant behavior,
and not having an education, and having your priorities all screwed up.
It's not blaming things that happened 50 years ago,
and 300 years ago.
That's the only thing,
anything ever be confronted.
Otherwise, it's going to keep coming up and keep coming up,
and everybody's going to make fun of it,
just like the other Jason St. trial.
Thank you very much.
But as long as we live in a country where people hold up as heroes,
a little bit of seven foot freaks,
and have no admiration for people with a brain,
then you're going to have more of this.
Exactly, and it's going to continue.
Have a good weekend now.
Back to you.
God bless America.
56670560.560 on a mobile one line.
Larry Johnson, another great philosopher.
All these rocket scientists, Reggie White, Larry Johnson.
They already be no one there crack.
I'll run it around, tell him it's a talking trash, talking crap.
A literate bullcrap.
Here's Google.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Praise Jesus.
How's it going?
Amen.
I'm a foot.
Oh, God.
You're another footflusher.
Oh, footflusher all the way.
Oh, my God.
Have you ever seen, you know,
working nightclubs a couple days a week,
and I don't want to touch where these people have been urinating on?
It will be crazy.
The handle, I mean, the handle is on the side of a toilet.
These people are in touch.
They're being on the handle.
They lose control.
They're handling this.
They're just bodily movements, if you know what I mean.
Really?
All kinds of movements.
Yeah.
Crap it on the seat, crash on the floor.
Yeah.
Crap it on the flesher.
Yeah.
So I just used the heel on the floor.
I must be lucky.
I've never seen any crap on the floor.
No, even at work.
I work with pretty much decent people,
but I used the elbow at the urinal.
And what I used to do.
You used the elbow?
The elbow.
Yeah, I hope you don't, I hope you don't slip and fall in.
That would really be rough.
Well, thanks for giving me that picture.
Right.
No, but these toilets that do the automatic flushing for you.
That's the way to go.
No, that's the horrible thing to go.
Not the way to go.
You know, every time you flush the toilet,
the water pressure coming down and the air waves bring out all the air.
You come down to your waves?
You know, the water comes a little bit of air flow.
And it pushes the germs and it swirls them up into the room.
So you're sitting there with your pecker exposed.
This thing automatically flushes,
spews all these germs all over your toilet.
It's not healthy.
I just like to, you know, the manual flush.
I don't want to flush it.
Maybe you put your pecker away before your flush.
Maybe that's a good idea.
Well, the thing, I don't flush.
It flushes automatically.
Yeah.
The thing there, the stream is going on,
you're purging the bladder and then it's flushing for me.
And I'm like, don't cheat.
It's flushing before you get up.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
I'm standing up.
Okay, well, listen, I'll see you up there.
I have lots of days over there.
You love it.
Okay.
Psychotic.
I never realized that we touched on such a traumatic thing yesterday.
We just kind of fell out of this by accident, so to speak.
He's doing it with his elbow.
See, I don't think that's a really good idea.
Because I can just see the vision.
Whoops, you know, and there he goes.
The whole body right into the, oh man.
I apologize so close to the lunchtime for conjuring up the vision,
but nevertheless, falling into a big pot of crap.
But at least it would be his own.
God.
Speaking of crap, here's a call from Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing, sir?
There you are, show.
All right.
Hey, we want to tell you though, how's Cory Saban doing over there?
We hear that a lot of people hate him like poison already,
so it must be doing pretty good.
Well, I guess he's doing good.
See, I work for a TV station.
Do you?
And I want to tell you that.
It's some of the air.
You're not on the air.
What?
Are you on the air?
Oh, no, no.
I'm a production assistant.
Let me tell you, the bathroom at the TV station where I work at,
or just...
Oh, discussion.
I need to be...
There's crap on the seats.
I mean, we're in a professional environment for crying.
Yeah, well, it was kind of a bad business, you know.
Yeah, and it's just, you know,
while walking the bathrooms, I expect to be, you know, be clean,
and then crap all over the place.
Yeah, yeah, I'm going to tell you, if you work in a place,
you go like into a restaurant, you go to the restrooms,
and they're not like sparkling clean.
You know you're in a crap house.
I'll tell you that right now.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
But I heard you talking about our NBC affiliate the other day.
Right.
Talking about, I forgot which one of the anchors, Craig Wolfe.
Yeah.
Well, somebody faxes.
I have no idea who, I don't know, Craig Wolfe
from the Little Red Riding Hood.
Oh, okay.
He used to one of our local anchors from our NBC affiliate.
But, uh...
Is he good?
Oh, yes. Very good.
Very great.
Yeah.
And the guy that you were talking about that works for our Fox station.
Now, what was his name again?
Cory Sabin.
Cory Sabin.
Yeah, he's doing, he's the weekend, six o'clock,
and ten o'clock anchor over there.
He's doing pretty good.
Is he?
Yeah.
He didn't blow up like a balloon like the one guy said.
Uh, no.
Because you wouldn't know if he blew up like a balloon
because you never knew before he came over there.
So you have nothing no reference.
So, he sports, uh...
He was a sports nerd over here.
He used to take a lot of crap from Hank,
like all the other people that work Hank's showing.
And then he got out of here and went over there
to get into important things like news.
Wow.
Yeah.
Wow.
He said he was tired of all these sports nerds around here.
I'll have a great day, pal.
All right. Thank you, bud.
And so I had to, uh, what's his name there on NBC?
When you see him in the T-room, five, six, seven,
oh, five, six, eight,
five, six, eight, five, six,
and all of a sudden nature is like,
and of course, a lot of times when you're coming in off a plane, you know?
Or like maybe you're sitting waiting to go on a plane.
I don't know about you,
but I don't like doing any serious business on a plane
unless I absolutely have to.
Because it's so cramped.
That's not good for your body.
I'll tell you that right now.
See, the European toilets,
I've told you this many times over the years,
that's the way...
If nothing else, that's one thing they got way over us.
Their hotels are old and they're dilapidated,
but the European toilets,
not only do they have the days and most of the restrooms,
but the toilet seats are like wider,
which puts less strain on your rectum.
So it makes very much easier movement.
You get what I'm saying?
Much easier on the roads.
The moment you're on an airplane,
I mean, it's like that Peter Sellers thing
where he's got his leg in a cast and stuff against the wall,
not a lot of room to maneuver around
and not definitely not good on the old...
Correct him.
Now, so if you're getting ready to go on a plane,
or you're just coming off a plane,
maybe you've held it in
because you just don't want to go into that little two by three space
and try to do a nature's business.
So you go into an airport and that'll tell you a lot about the airport.
Now, we'll say this, my main international,
the restrooms are spotless.
There you go.
Spotless.
Because there may be a lot of other stuff going on in the key rooms at MIA,
but I don't think too much of that.
Especially late at night.
You know what's going on in there?
Yeah, that's what we hear.
Especially over there by American Airlines.
Speaking of American Airlines,
by the way, that little problem here today.
Boy, they're having a tough run.
You know what I'm saying?
They're having a really tough run in American Airlines.
I don't want to say too loud.
Because every now and then, I do go up there
to run a lot of American Airlines.
And they do, at least they used to like me like crazy,
until they had that walk out, you know, by the way,
it was at the pilots who were having a lot of ones several months ago
and they screwed over all those passengers.
See, they're like Delta.
They're ready whenever they feel like it.
You know, you used to be ready when you are,
but now we're ready whenever we feel like it.
And since you got no other choices anyway,
you'll go when we're good and ready to take you
and otherwise shut up and sit down.
That's the airlines attitude these days.
And by the way, pay us through the nose.
But other than that,
26 past 11, boy, now the food got my blood taken,
the food is coming out.
I'm serious, man.
All you macho guys, I have to, I go home and I laugh at you guys.
There's such a bunch of pussy.
Pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy.
Everywhere you look is another guy named pussy.
Have a little bit of blood, only two little vials this guy took.
Great job, too, by the way.
Didn't even feel the guy named Neel.
Friday, you bastard.
Food.
Miss the toilet last night.
Sh** all over the floor.
Wipe it up with my wash cloth.
Don't wash my face much anymore.
Went to whizz in the sink.
Pissed all over the floor.
Mopped it up with my toothbrush.
Don't brush my teeth much, also.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thank you, Kathy, for reminding me about that great,
the piece 10, it's 11.32 at 5.60 WQM.
Here's our good friend Harvey P from Paradise Limousine's Facts is Me a Thing.
It's a crackpot drug campaign.
Group tells how to be good, crack smoker and you pay.
Smoking crack doesn't have to be losing control of your,
this is from the Philadelphia Inquirer.
It says the page of this little poison is pamphlet.
Freezes you in place.
Smoking crack doesn't mean you have to lose control of your life.
And it beckons you inside with an invitation to check out some suggestions
on saving money, keeping a job, staying safe, keeping your life together, while on crack.
There you go.
Well, maybe we're getting to that.
Because evidently somebody around here has got a crack problem.
What do they do now?
5.670560, 05.560 on the mobile one line.
Now, don't let me forget, I got to get back into this prostitution probe.
They're probing with it, implicating more date police.
In fact, I think the most important part of this story is that they've only scratched the tip of the,
some of these tips so far.
Sometimes there'd be five or six or seven officers there at once,
and one of the residents of the complex who are getting the complex from it.
Other times there were five or six who visited different times throughout the day.
The cops were going and coming.
Squared, squared, coming.
Squared, squared, and coming.
Squared, squared, going.
Back and forth.
When a 16-year-old chick with his whore ring they had going on there.
Like I said, that's the motto of our police.
Don't do as we do, do as we say.
Drive nice and slow.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of drive nice and slow.
Yesterday, one of my 85 trips up my shortcut hiatus road between Brow and sunrise.
And I get almost a sunrise bull of our nose on the right hand side.
Have you ever seen these things where they have these speed detectors?
There's nobody around, but they have these things that show you your speed as you're approaching it.
And they got one sitting there, like about a half a block off the corner of sunrise on hiatus.
Now I got news for you.
And that almost all of hiatus road in that mile stretch there.
There's no residences.
There's a couple of churches that are said way, way back off the street.
There's no reason in the world for the speed limit to be 35.
But that's one of the favorite speed traps.
And now they put this thing out there to like inspire you to keep going slow on there,
even though there's a canal way over on the right.
And there's nothing but trees.
And there's not a home within 500 yards of where that thing is sitting.
Nice going.
Ah!
plantation pork.
And in the meantime, people are running that goddamn intersection there at sunrise into hiatus.
A hundred miles an hour they're going through there.
And I saw a woman nearly kill somebody night before flying through there, like four seconds after the light changed.
Are we nailing them?
No.
No, but we got that thing sitting there making sure that you see that you're going too fast on a 35 that should be at least 45.
Nice going, baby.
Nice going, she.
Steve, you jackass.
Here's Coral Springs, hello.
Nino, thanks for bringing up this problem of toilet bowl design.
Yes sir.
It's terrible.
In a country in advance of this, we have these narrow little shallow bowls.
Right.
You know, if you slide back enough to get frontal clearance, you're going to have some rim blockage.
And if you slide forward enough, then that, you know, if you have more than having a rim blockage, I'll say to that.
Yeah, but then down it's such a ridiculous angle that water is ice cold.
Why can't we have some decently designed toilet bowls in this country?
Yeah, exactly.
And if we enclosing Nino, Coral, back up.
Okay, hit the brakes, Coral.
And that hit the brakes, Coral.
Too late.
Okay.
Haha.
Yeah, there's a great story for you right on the front page of the hair of this morning.
Another old lady who went.
Oh, yeah.
Well, for Coral, she's what, 175 years old.
She lost control of her car and was trapped in a fireball.
That's right.
Well, she was driving the gas station and she was in a big hurry, you know.
And this guy, Greg, played, you've been playing whatever his name is, say Pearl Steinberg.
Oh, I like that.
Steinberg, 85 from Century Village, hit the gas when she met the step on the brake.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, it's a common mistake.
Oh, that's the brake over there.
Oh, too late.
She hit the accelerator when she meant to hit the brake.
And oh, my God, she went knocking into this gas pump.
They had a big ball of fire.
Nice going, air pearl.
And by the way, congratulations on your brand new 60-year drivers license that I'm sure will be coming in the mail any day now from the state of Florida.
There we go.
State of Florida where even the dead people are going to have a good time driving.
That's what I like about this state.
5670560, 0560, on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in sunrise. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Hey, getting back to the toilet issue.
I have a friend who on the one hand has germphobia uses his foot, but on the other hand never washes his hands when he leaves the bathroom.
Yeah, see, I mentioned this yesterday.
Why would you use your foot when you're going to wash your hands anyway?
I mean, if you just took a dump, my God, almighty for sure, even if you might have to make a mistake like I did,
and you don't wash your hands after you take a leak.
But after you do some serious business, anybody with a brain with any decency washes his hands.
So what difference does it make whether you put your hand under your thumb?
Yeah, it's such a germphobia.
You didn't want to touch the flusher on one hand, but he never washes hands during anything.
I don't get it.
Hey, can I also want to do some of that?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Ron and Lenny, you keep delivering douchebag.
Okay.
Yeah, this is a real interesting thing that we unscruped on the show.
Like last year, at this time, we unscruped all these straight guys that want to have anal sex with their women.
Or anybody else that won't move away too fast.
That was last year.
Now, this year, we're finding about the toilet fetishes of America.
And believe me, I've been in a lot of toilets all over the world.
I've been in places that you wouldn't even want to know about, or maybe you would.
Never heard of such things.
And these are people, by the way, they never heard of a glory hole, but they're flushing with their feet,
with their elbows, with their armpits, with their nose, with their earlobes, with their...
Here's the Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
I have a question, maybe you can answer it.
Go ahead.
You prefer to it sometimes as a professional Cuban.
Could you explain that for me?
What a professional Cuban is.
Professional Cuban is like a professional Jew, or a professional black or anybody else,
who's like, that's all they know about are things that have to do with being Cuban and Cuba and Cadillac and all that other stuff.
Who walk around with a professional ethnic chip under shoulder and are just regular ordinary pedestrian human beings.
Like professional Jews, who 24 hours a day are worried about Israel, and somebody steal them and zoos off their wall, and stuff like that.
So pretty much everyone in Miami is a professional something.
I wouldn't say just in Miami.
I mean, that's one of the problems with Americans. We got too many people with a chip under shoulder,
instead of just being ordinary, run of the mill folks, and they all kind of like being like everybody else.
They're more worried about their own personal astagrines.
Okay.
Am I wrong about that?
I do answer the question, but I thought it was, and you answered it for me.
Yeah.
Now, I have a Catholic story as well, and I want to tell you...
You're not a professional Catholic, right?
No, no, no, no.
Yeah, the other day I stepped into church, and I thought something very strange.
A brick was taken place.
A brick?
A brick.
Yeah.
But when we made it stranger, what's about the priest was using a knife, he was using his teeth.
Oh, okay, thank you.
People packed in the church.
Okay, thanks.
And that's the way the Catholics do it.
They don't want to spend the extra money, like the Jews do with the moiled to bring them in there for that little silly thing.
So the priest just bites it off.
Okay, I guess that's what he's doing.
Here all the other times, these poor priest that could send to jail, they weren't doing what everybody thought they were doing.
They were just performing a circumcision.
You know what we're saying?
Exactly.
That was wrong with all of you people.
You're also uptight.
Everybody worried about all these things that are supposedly happening.
Why not?
Because you're helping all of them, boy.
I'm a Catholic.
No.
21 before noon is 560.
Oh.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
I've said this before and there are a few things in life more annoying than going into
a public restroom where there are like four or five stalls or however many there are.
And there's some old guy, always some real old geezer sitting in a couple of stalls or
maybe God forbid the one right next to you and he's like making these, like he hasn't
had a, which is probably true.
He hasn't had a movement since before Beethoven was a baby, okay?
And like, oh Jesus, God already.
But anyway, be that as it makes 1145 at 560 WQAM 567 0560,
0560 on the mobile one line, Hank Goldberg show it to 6 o'clock we got our former friend
Donnie B. Talking baseball, which we used to like Donnie a lot, but now that we understand
he's concerning with Christine and more, we're a little undecided.
630 to pregame, we got the Marlins at the Montreal Expos.
I mean, talk about a loser of a game.
Oh, no chance.
But Bobby, sure sold a lot of spots on those Marlins games.
By the way, Barry Jackass, you better get that message, get the info, because I know you're
listening right now, Barry.
We sold a ton of spots, a crap load of spots on the Marlins games yesterday, but we sold
I think, what was it, a million spots, a dollar a piece?
So we're in and out, we may actually make the next payment.
Here's the lady in Kendall, hello.
Hello there, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How you doing?
Great.
I'm one of those toilet flushes with the foot.
No.
Yeah, because I travel the, now I'm the alley a lot.
And when the woman has to go, she's got to go.
You can't hold it in.
And I'm up a little bit further.
Not only do I press my foot, but you know the dispensers for the hand towels.
I'll take them out first, put the towels away, and then wash my hands.
So when I wash my hands, I haven't touched anything in the bathroom.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, let me try to follow that again.
You take the towels out.
Right, first, you haven't washed your hands yet.
You use the dispenser, you take the towels out, just in case someone, you know,
sneezed or touched not on their hands or whatever.
Oh, is it?
Yeah.
And then put it, put the towels like put them on your arm, wash your hands that way now.
Your hands are clean of anything you've touched in the bathroom and then you have your towels.
Well, you're like, hermetically sealed.
That's beautiful.
Not really. I'll tell you in the eleventh, since I washed my hands with them off,
and I watched what I, you know, where I go and stuff.
Yeah.
The colds have been cut down.
That way, this is godliness, am I right?
Yeah, pretty much that close.
And also, one more comment on the prostitution and right there in little candle down the road.
Right.
I've had friends in there for about a couple of years.
And I saw it down.
This is like the most well protected place I've ever seen.
There's always cops up and down that place.
I thought, well, you know what?
Yeah, that's right. At least the residents are safe in here.
They're safe, you know, there's hardly any little problems like that, you know,
and like, King's colony with the murders and stuff.
But now I've realized what it is.
The cops just been hanging out.
They just wait for their turn or something.
Exactly.
They're technically taking a number.
They're watching out for their buddies.
Okay.
You have a good one.
And back to you.
Go Nick.
See you on the alley.
Oh, she say, oh, she reminded me by the way.
Let's go spread it out.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Welcome to Toiletalk.
You know, it's just a real crappy topic of conversation,
but nevertheless, it's a real part of life.
And like I told you before, if there was a God,
there's no way in the world that we'd have to go through this.
But nevertheless, maybe the devil, maybe the devil is behind this, huh?
Maybe every time you have like screaming diarrhea, the devil did it.
Right. Every time you have like bleeding hemorrhoids, the devil did it.
Or maybe like, rawr.
It's hoping a little bit too much.
I still can't get over that.
That had to be a joke, didn't it?
No.
Oh, if anybody knew I didn't see the size of this instrument,
then the enormity, I mean, in your wildest dreams,
you have never seen anything this gigantic and vivid and massive and throbbing.
But evidently, maybe Roy and OJ like shared it.
In fact, maybe if we get one of those double ones,
that's got like a head on both ends.
There you go.
OJ and...
Roll!
...to get it again in stereo.
An opposite end to the pool.
5670560, 0560, on a mobile one line.
So any prostitution probe implicates more date police.
The probe into prostitution ring allegedly run by a Miami Beach Police Officer,
even expanded to include four more officers from two other departments,
law enforcement sources, SAID.
The Miami Dade Police Department transferred one narcotics detective
and was implicated in the ring, two sources said.
Another officer, a 17-year Miami Police Veteran, was suspended with pay
after an internal investigation determining knew about the prostitution ring
and did nothing to stop it.
And it goes on and on.
And then of course, as luck would have it,
as the story continues on page 7a, on the inside of the heraldous morning,
the right hand part of the page, you know,
every now and then they get a page that's got black, you know, like a black border,
like a funeral march, or maybe this one should have.
So it's really hard to read, probably intentionally, right?
Just an accident?
No.
No, it's intentional.
The father of the 16-year-old prostitute charged in the case that his daughter was in fear for her life
because she's been threatened by the officer's friends.
His daughter, he said, is a teenage mom who fell into the street life by following her parents
poor lead and was making all the big bucks and lying through her teeth about where it was coming from.
But it says, from all the departments,
Miami Dade and Hylia, here were all these different patrol cars parking out,
going upstairs up and down, in and out, obviously a lot more in and out,
squirts coming up and down.
Sometimes there would be five or six or seven officers there at once.
Other times there were five or six or five at different times throughout the day.
They kept this bimbo busy.
I mean, she was real busy.
Nice going, air-porkers.
Like I said, I'm only scratched the surface of this,
from forces all over town.
So that goes to show you if you want to really get results,
advertise in new times.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one-line.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Plantation.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Get a shameless request.
Yeah.
Little today.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one-line.
He said he's got one.
Here's Miami D.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
I was just including the car before.
I didn't know if you covered this or not.
And your favorite column, the Sparrow Jackson's column today.
Yes, I did.
About the block cost is, quote?
Yes.
Okay.
Covered that cover the right to the article.
A second in the 45,000 part series.
About 1700 sports fan.
There's one thing about that station that I, you know,
put a view to point that out.
And you may have, like I said, I didn't hear too much of the show.
Don't you think that if you can get the station,
which I can't even get it in my car,
and go up that high?
And we might get another point of view,
besides the at the kissing point of view,
that the guys on QAM give out because they're carrying the games,
and they're friendly with the coaches and the players.
A point of view from home.
First of all, I miss is going to be out in the morning.
He doesn't talk about it.
Okay.
I'm Mike and a mad dog.
I ran New York.
They do a syndicate.
They're not going to be talking if they do carry that.
They're not going to be talking about software to sports teams.
The two sports might be, you know, really poor.
So why?
Oh, I listen.
Why was the thing?
Listen.
If you listen to it and you like the sports shows over there,
be my guest.
But the point I'm trying to make to you is that nothing that I read
in his gigantic front page column on Monday
indicated me anything that might be interesting.
They got two guys going to be in midday against me
who are losers on the weekend on this station.
You couldn't keep a weekend job on this station.
So what point of view are they going to go?
I think I can get this station like I said.
I couldn't listen to it if I wanted to.
Right.
You know, just there's a thought that we might get
another point of view besides the...
Well, let me ask you how many points of view
do you need about the same boring stuff?
I mean, what's there going on?
What is there to have a point of view on right now anyway?
Sir?
I'm thinking about it.
Exactly.
We'll call me back when you come up with an answer.
Thank you.
There's not a damn thing going on.
We got the NHL draft.
Have all right anybody care about that?
No.
Except the people who wanted the free tickets to go
and get their free meal and booze.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
We got 600 open lines here all of a sudden
because everybody suddenly got the urge to check it out.
Count 5, 6, the animal mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Halea.
Hello?
Yeah, it was going on.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
One thing I was wondering why would Roy even be messing with that thing
when he had those blue and muddy stool from the action?
You got to wonder about that.
You know what?
I think that's a good point you reminded me.
Maybe that's how Roy got boozing bloody stool
because he was bitching about that a year and a half ago
when we first came here.
You know, if you're going to be sticking big gigantic objects
into your rectum,
you're going to wind up with bloody oozing stool.
Action,
analyzations are outstanding.
Another thing,
when the guy said the guy was using his teeth
to do the brisk,
there's a guy on a new line back on the dolphins.
I don't know if you read the story in the paper,
but he went through the guys farm with a friend's farm
and she had to cast her at all these sheep.
The castored the sheep,
because the least painless thing he could do
is to bite him off.
And the story is that he castored maybe 500 sheep at that.
Yeah, so the headline he said it's a dolphin bite off more than he can chew.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 60 on the mobile one line.
What do these people got to live in and live in the sense of humor today?
They're out of control.
See, that's why we don't have our weed here today
because evidently, good stuff did come in
but didn't make the building.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm fine.
Okay, sir.
You were pointing out before about how
why don't people are,
or how disgusting it is when people don't watch their hands after they use the bathroom
in public.
Well, the only thing about that is you have to make sure you use the paper towel.
It's usually if you, you know,
if you craft or you take...
I'm not talking about it right away.
I'm not talking about after taking a leak.
Real men don't wash their hands after they take a leak.
Well, there's a lot of people in the world who,
they don't know, they miss.
They pee on themselves.
They pee on themselves?
There's people out there that do their hands.
On their hands?
They pee on their hands?
Well, the first thing they do is they touch the,
they touch the faucet to turn it on.
So they've just touched the rear or they're trapped.
They touch the faucet to turn around.
Well, when they turn on the water,
they're getting the crap or the urine, whatever it is,
they're getting it on the handle.
They're washing their hands.
Then they're touching it again when they turn it off.
So what are you talking about?
How difficult is it to wash your hands?
For me, absolutely nothing.
I use to tell them to turn on the water.
I think these people need some assistance to be asked,
may Jesus Christ, how do these people get out of bed
in the morning?
How do they put their goddamn pantaloonies on?
Something as simple as like going and, yeah,
is as complicated as this.
And you wonder why they can't like walk and chew gum
at the same time?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
I will say one thing and it is I don't like those
blow dryers that they have in the some public restrooms.
Give me some nice paper towels, okay?
I don't want to stand there rubbing my hands together
for like 45 minutes waiting for like that's a little bit
of air to push on your hands.
So maybe it might get dry sometime between now
and a year, 25, 25.
That I don't like.
Give me some good paper towels.
And of course, these places that are doing that,
number one, they're saving money on paper towels.
And number two, they think this is like,
oh, this is so much more modern and space age
and more sanitary, you know?
They have that little blow drop,
pushing just a little tiny flow of air onto your hands.
Forget it.
Four minutes till noon at 560 WQM,
your etiquette station for the 90s,
we don't take any crap from anybody around this joint.
A, you want some good crap,
go down and mix the guards in Miami
and you'll find out what real smoking pleasures all about.
I feel sorry for people that have never really enjoyed
a great cigar from Nix because those people are probably
buying some stale crap from their drugstore or supermarket
or one of those little mom and pop stores,
you know, that's got stuff laying around for months
and years of the time and they open it up
and what they do is speak into crap.
That's what they got in their mouth.
I'm in to be the center rock worth it, sour crap.
I love a Polish Mickaul,
I'll roll the barrel out.
I put on the leader, hold it and I will never funny hat.
The town of El Brasduma,
and then I'll no better dare.
This is the hour you want from me, yeah.
This is my favorite death.
I'm staying in a life in a Polka.
Fear is gone, fear is dying up.
Fear is my name, Polka.
The camp is rolled out through a distanced drama,
it's broken, it's gone, fear is gone.
I'm staying in a life in a Polka.
I'm staying in a life in a Polka.
I'm staying in a Polka.
The band goes on top, top,
we'll stand on our bare Polka.
Dance with your grandma,
hearing a loud singing Polka.
This is the band,
no fear, Polka.
Tricks of my new Polka.
It's the band,
nip them into a Polka.
This is the two of our Polka.
Everyone's out,
Polka, two seats on.
That's not very nice.
All right, we're no dope trace,
maybe that's what it says,
but it's literally crazy to keep standing over
and over and over.
That's basically it.
It's two minutes after noon at 5.60 WQM,
your anti-Ricky Martin station.
Let's power 96, have Ricky Martin, okay?
We'd rather have Billy Martin,
and Ian feeling stupid right now.
Thanks to my good buddy Wayne Arnold and Hudson,
who bolts you up here together,
they'd bring in the food, God.
Look at that.
There's enough food there for the Chinese army,
or maybe just the three of us.
Don't forget Joe Costello's big auto racing
showed him our morning at 6.
I thought I would mention that.
Test the case, you missed a problem.
5.60, 705, 60,
on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes sir.
It was good afternoon.
Yeah.
I was calling up just to,
I have a comment about the,
about the thing in Kendall with the police.
Yes sir.
Yeah, I want to be hormongering cops, yes.
Oh yeah, just, I'm just,
I'm just with them,
and the corruption has got to stop.
And I, but however,
I wanted to give them a little creativity,
because they're so used to always going into the donut shop
depending on our,
just to kill time.
Yeah.
You know, drinking coffee,
how long does it take to drink coffee in the donut?
If that's the case.
Well, you were spending their time down in Kendall more constructively anyway.
Exactly.
Well, that's what I mean.
At least I give my hats off to them on that.
Right.
Just going to Denny's and killing time,
and when they should be out there patrolling the streets.
See, I have a feeling that's probably the reason we have that too much.
Oh, thank you so much.
I think somebody got to them.
Uh, the reason we haven't had a lot of comment about this is
because a lot of guys are jealous,
and they would like to find the address
where the 16-year-old hookers were.
I think that's what,
no, that's the real reason.
See, prostitution is legal in so many countries.
Oh, wow, see, there you go with that again.
You know, don't start with that.
But the thing that I find most irritating is that these are the same people
who will destroy your lives.
If God forbid, you get caught,
you know, picking up a hooker on a bull of art
or wherever on federal highway.
But they're running, they're not only one in the ring,
but they're, in fact, it says in the article,
the only people who ever went in there were cops said one.
The neighbor who said he was afraid to give his name.
Can't imagine why.
We saw only police and nothing else.
We just thought maybe she liked policemen.
Yeah, she just liked the cops.
She had a uniform fetish or whatever it was.
She liked policemen.
She just liked to hang out with the cops,
and they would hang it out and she would do whatever.
And like I said, nobody cares.
They just want to know the phone number and wordy.
Because it said barely legal, huge breasts,
very hot, et cetera, and so on.
What could possibly be wrong with that?
Sunrise, hello.
Except that they weren't sharing with everybody else.
Yes, sir.
Open earl.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how are you doing?
Okay.
Want to talk about NHL draft?
About why?
The NHL draft.
Okay, tomorrow, noon to three.
This guy wants to talk about the NHL draft.
Oh my god, have another draft.
Okay, it must be a mullson.
Or is it a little bat?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Pond 5, 60 on the 18th.
Tee line, look at that.
There's the Neely play with the Neely burgers.
No bread, by the way.
Thank you, Wayne and Hudson.
Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle, 125th and 441.
It's still there, baby.
After all these years,
where the castle burgers and Neely burgers
would bake it in cheese and the Rochester White Hots,
the Russia's White Hots, just like direct from Rochester imported.
No except any substitutions.
Here's Miami Beach, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Good.
Back when I was in grade school,
I do it flushed the toilets with my foot
to make like rear kick starting a motorcycle.
Uh-huh.
I just thought I'd share that with you.
Okay, well thanks for the good news.
There you go.
All the bikers out there,
they do it with their foot and the toilet too.
Speaking about bikers, by the way,
I know this is a very delicate subject,
especially in the middle of my lunch.
Is there some kind of an unwritten law somewhere
that says that people who ride motorcycles
have to be fat, have long hair,
and look grotesque, and never shave?
Is there some law that I haven't read?
Uh-huh.
They all have to look like jazz,
mache on a band-aid.
And lately, by the way,
I've been seeing schwarzer bikers.
Have you seen that?
Like on I-95 or the Turnpike,
like packs of young,
dark, and pletid guys on motorcycles?
I mean, don't like ordinary pedestrian,
regular looking, run of the mill,
white people ride motorcycles?
No.
No, why is that?
What is the ascender?
What's the attraction there?
Besides the obvious thing,
with the leather and the SNM,
and the boots, and the spurs,
and the spikes, and all of those good things.
What's the attraction?
What's it all about?
Another thing is we desperately try to complete the learning process
before it's too late.
5.670560,
pound 560, on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello?
Hey, what up?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I just want to spread the word, man.
You would have bombed.
Yeah.
You are wicked.
I am.
Catch up in Lee County, and I tell you.
I beat a bomb.
You had a bomb, man.
Speak that truth.
Do no harm, dread.
Okay.
Be good.
So, yeah.
Well, that must have been Tommy,
because he said, sup.
5.670560, pound 560, on the AT&T wireless line.
Two and a white guy said, sup.
Then you know you're in deep trouble.
Okay, you know they're probably dying there here, yellow?
Now, he's a good guy.
Some days.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
You know, I was just thinking the old thing with this candle,
the prostitution, and all that with the cops.
They're just trying to work off the extra weight from the drone.
From the drone?
Yeah.
After they visited the Dunkin' Donuts.
So, nobody takes it seriously.
Nobody cares about the fact that we live with such a bunch of hypocrites.
Yeah.
Paralizing your lives, writing your tickets.
They can go 90 miles an hour.
I see it all the time.
Drive weave in and out, irresponsibly.
Yeah.
That's true.
Anyway, in honor of the foot flushes, can you play,
don't wash my face much anymore?
Don't want?
Don't wash my face much anymore.
I just got through playing that.
Oh, did you?
Yes, sir.
Well, have a great day.
Just got through playing that only moment ago.
That was thanks to Tommy reminding me about it because I'm old and senile.
But anyway, have a great weekend.
567-0560.
Pound 56 on the AT&T Wilder.
Can't we get off this toilet talk?
We got all these other important things going on.
And all we got, like for example, these people at swoon.
Swoon at the side of somebody else.
See, this is the thing that gets me.
I can understand some people being nervous about giving blood.
Oh, I can't relate to that very well.
A little bit nervous, because everybody doesn't hurt that much.
In fact, if they do it right like today, you don't feel anything.
It's like a little prick.
And who can't relate to that?
But I mean, guys who are ready to swoon just seeing somebody else having blood taken.
What kind of emotional cripples?
What kind of mental midgets?
What kind of weaklings are we talking about besides John Penis?
I bet you we got a lot of macho guys, notions right now,
including somebody's big athletes just passed out at the side of a needle.
Yeah, I bet you even maybe Roy would have an arrest breakdown.
He don't mind a big black dildo, but a needle, oh my god.
Oh my god.
I'm gonna bang you in the butt, honey.
Hello, suckers.
My name is Columbo.
I got off the plane after shopping in front to get your money away.
I thought designer clothes expensive bubbles and jewels.
And new in-advanced and duty, past with you.
I feel like very hard to smuggle.
And they wouldn't let people die.
But I did not get in trouble.
I was like the governor's wife.
Yeah, some jet-dough-perience wife who wants to live up my life with special favors.
After all, my husband brother will soon be your dictator.
I'm like a bird, there's a bee that I buy anything I need and just wouldn't think more.
I'll be just rich in family values when I get back from the fall.
I got 14 at 5.60 W.D.C.M.
By the way, thanks to Bill and Homestead who faxes me and reminds me that last night.
That's an upsam.
I knew he was getting any, he couldn't have had it.
For Miriam was okay, not for that free-letter.
Anyway, he reminds me that last night on the NHL award show, which was really ponderous by the way.
It was on ESPN2 and also on CBC if he had the big dish.
But nevertheless, and I did watch the whole thing.
I have no idea why, nothing else on.
The great one, Rain Gretzky, one of the two times he went up there for a standing and screaming in hysterical ovation and sucked around.
At the end of his speech, he asked to say, oh, and for what it's worth, I thought it was a good goal.
And everybody went, yeah, right, wait.
Get your tongue out there a little bit longer on Gary Batman.
Okay. You've phony.
Yeah, more and more people are not trying to rationalize.
Oh, yeah, it was the continuation plays.
Anybody know what that means?
No.
No.
Yeah, everybody, and of course Ron McLean and Don, cheery through a couple of shots and Gary Batman in the lead direction.
But nobody pet any attention then.
Thank you so much, Bill, for most.
That also points out that all these very antiseptic people that are flushing with their feet and then scrubbing and washing their hands for five minutes.
On the way out of the toilet, of course, they open the door with their hands.
What are you opening with your nose?
Legs.
Especially if it's gone more than knobs.
Okay, maybe that's why we didn't see some of these people for about four or five hours.
They were trying to open up that door knob with their toes.
John Penis says he waits for somebody else to come in before he goes outside.
Yeah, there you go.
Yeah, John Penis waits for somebody else to open the door.
And then as soon as they come in, he rushes out so we don't have to touch the handle.
Life's going there, John.
Oh, pussy.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I bet you we got people in this audience who will not have blood drawn, who like pass out at the side of that needle.
Of course, they'll never admit it.
Here's a mobile and four-lotter nail.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to say, your topic's thought to sound repetitive because today you're talking about...
Yeah, okay, great.
Well, turn to some other show where they're talking about something else.
Okay, asshole.
They're starting to sound repetitive.
We're picking up this as part two.
Okay, we talk about whatever the callers want to talk about.
If you had something you wanted to talk about, which obviously you didn't, then we would talk about it, but you don't.
We're not interested in critiques.
We're not interested in your goddamn resume.
Go get your own show over there on 1700 AFN.
You'd fit right in, especially if you got some Cuban friends, but I doubt it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
My shows are starting to sound repetitive, but thanks so much for listening.
Four hours a day to the Neil Rogers show.
Here on 5, 60, WQL.
Thank you so much, sir.
Any other complaints?
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
I just have a quick observation, which you pointed out about the fact that radio pretty much goes down the hill after two o'clock.
I can't say what I said.
What do you mean by that?
Well, it's like after two o'clock when you leave the radio, there's nothing.
I mean, absolutely freaking nothing.
Are you knocking a Humper now?
Hey, stupid!
What was that?
I said are you knocking a Hank now?
I'm knocking a radio in general after two o'clock to six o'clock, there's no good show.
Yeah.
And that's like everybody...
Well, one hand is on the end today.
What are all the other great shows that are on before two o'clock?
What are all the other great shows this one aside?
What are the other great ones in this market?
Before two o'clock.
Right.
Well, you're obviously right there.
Right.
Right.
Besides this one, what are the other great shows?
I would venture to say that the good talk show would be Howard Stern or IMS.
You've got a lot of variety out there that...
IMS, you enjoy hearing a dead man on the ear.
IMS is not even on yet, by the way.
He's okay.
Yeah.
A key for a dead man.
Exactly.
But I mean, it's...
Especially on the weekend, all you have is sports.
There's nothing, nothing but sports.
You can't listen to a talk show.
So how about if I make this a suggestion with all due respect?
What's that?
Like a hobby would be good.
Well, of course.
People are in sitels and they're driving around their car all day, especially on the weekend call.
Well, you know, there are these amazing things.
I know that's...
Maybe you haven't discovered them yet.
There are these amazing things.
There are two of them.
One is called cassettes.
And the other one are these little round discs that look like donuts called CDs.
That's what happens.
It will be amazed at how many of those CDs fit into my car just like...
I have never thought about doing a little thing called re-roger.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Even I can't stand that much suction, okay?
Even an old queen like me can't stand that much suction, sir.
Hobby would be good.
Part cheesy.
How about golf would be excellent.
There you go.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Miami Beach.
Going once.
Nine minutes and 38 seconds they pee away from their lives and they're gone.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in a candle.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Yeah, about this police board, Ella.
Using to understand that most police department's model is to protect and serve.
So that's what we're doing, that poor girl, who are protecting her from unsavory characters.
And they figure well, she's there, the most responsible service too.
Yes, service, yeah.
Service with this mile.
That's right.
I need to call someone at this bag.
Mm-hmm.
It's Maria, you do as back you.
Okay.
Okay.
See, it's a good thing I'm meeting right now.
Some of these calls might have been a little bit shorter, but that's okay.
It's Friday.
We're having a great two weeks in a row in the middle of summertime.
Let's hear it, Neil.
How do you like that?
Here's a fill in Boka, whoever that is.
Hello.
What do you mean, whoever that is?
Oh, listen.
For a test, fill in Boka.
He don't know.
What do you want from JP?
He don't know that you're a chronic.
That's why I put you on.
For some of your newer listeners.
Paul Harvey, Jr., ladies and gentlemen.
Yes, sir.
For some of your new listeners, as far as public toilet habits go.
Yeah, you're the expert.
Never rub stool in your eyes.
Yeah, good idea.
You know, wash your hands first if you're going to rub your eyes.
Don't you rub in that crap in your eyes?
Right.
Listen, I don't know if this is sick or perverted.
But if it's coming from you, I think we already know the answer.
You know the lever of the button.
In fact, you're starting to catch up with Roy.
I use my foot to flush it.
No, you don't.
I do.
You know something.
Somebody came up with this the other day.
And now all of a sudden talk about being repetitive.
Now everybody that calls this show allegedly flushes with their foot.
I spoke to 14,000 people after I left here yesterday.
I couldn't find one person who ever not only did that,
but ever heard of anybody flushing with their foot.
Well, I didn't hear the show the other day.
So that's news to me.
Yeah.
But, A.
That's why we're doing it again today.
We just for you.
Did you do that?
Yeah.
Did you discuss white cleaning habits?
No, no.
I'm right in the middle of my lunch, God damn it.
And I also open the door.
If it's a push door to leave, I open the door with my foot.
Yeah.
Let me tell you what.
If you look at everything with this foot.
Back down.
Maybe that's why you've had your foot in your mouth so many times
and he's called over the years.
Let me ask you just look around the building you're in right now.
No, please.
Not in the middle of lunch.
I walked in it this morning.
I think it smelled like a horrible thing there.
Well, it did.
Now, let me ask you.
You're eating with your hands and your fingers.
No, I'm eating with a knife and a fork.
Okay.
But if you were to eat a sandwich, you would pick it up with your...
I don't eat a sandwich.
I'm on the neck and I don't eat bread.
So you see, I got it lick no matter how you look at it.
Now, there's some things I might put in my mouth
and it won't be on hand.
I'll put it on hand, but nevertheless.
Yes?
Anyway.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I just will not let any of you eat it.
You got to steady it, you know, anyway.
I mean, in general, people are disgusting.
Yeah.
You look around.
I mean, just...
Is that something you just discovered?
No, but it's the topic of the day.
It is.
And you're the perfect caller.
Have a good day.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T world sign.
Just for reference, that's Paul Harvey Jr.
for when you put him on again the next time if you ever do.
And if you ever do.
Okay, where we go and let's go to somewhere.
Here's a...
Oh, a biker in Port Saint-Lucy.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you were asking questions about bikers.
You got one.
Right.
Now you're not one of those hellsangels, type, sorry.
No, sir.
What is that all about?
Do you have a long hair?
I'm growing it.
It's not that long.
Shoulder length.
Do you like smell-real bed?
No, I take a shower every day.
Every day.
Then how can you...
How can you be a biker then?
Well, there's two kinds of biker.
You don't know what I'm talking about, don't you?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I'm a biker.
That was just up in Laconia for a bike week in Amsterdam, sure.
Yeah, there's...
Well, there's actually three kinds of bikers.
You got the guys that ride the rice burners, the crotch rockets.
Those are your schwarzers.
Generally, the guys that ride Harley's are very big of it.
They don't like black people at all, so it's very rare to see a black guy on a nice Harley.
And then as far as Harley riders go, you've got like the doctors and the lawyers that spend $18,000 on a bike
and put $10,000 worth of chrome on it.
But 20 miles on it a week is driving on Saturday.
That was very impressive, right?
And then you got the guys that ride.
We don't give a crotch.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But how come it is that every...
99% of the bikers that I see, they all look to send.
They all look like the hell's angels just descended on 10.
They're usually in packs, usually like 8 and 10 and 12, you know, like a convoy blocking off all three lanes.
Well, it tends to be kind of like a club.
If you're on a bike, well, you know the driving down here in South Florida.
Yeah.
If you're on a bike, it's absolutely horrendous.
It's a gay club you wore on.
Yeah.
Well, okay, don't get that carried away.
Don't get carried away.
It's a lot safer to ride in a pack with bikes and it is to be one person because they're so small
and you know the old people can't see you anyway.
But guys with bikes generally like to hang around because they'll, you know, they'll play in a ride
and a nice 150 mile ride over to the west coast to eat lunch or go to Lake Okeechobe or something.
Stop at the truck stop and have a little fun.
Oh, sure.
They could do that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
Anytime.
And drive it safely.
Were you clutched back in?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless lambda.
We're learning all kinds of useful crap on this show.
I'll never say this in the start of a learning show.
Here's the lady in North Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you doing?
Great.
It's good.
I wonder if I could kind of show out a question to your listeners or maybe you know.
I've been trying to, I got laid off a couple months ago, been trying to find a job and I've been going through the most incredible mind games with these people and also the BS.
And one of the things that I keep finding are you computerized questionnaires,
where they want to test your attitude toward work and with their customer and blah, blah, blah.
And I keep coming up with this, especially this last one, came up with this question out of a quickly sky.
Asking me how much, what my opinion was, of how many people in the general population use marijuana socially.
And I'm sitting there looking at that.
But I'm sitting there looking at that, thinking, well, first of all, I mean, I could give you an educated answer, I could give you an idea of what my friends do or what I do.
Or you could give them the answer that they want.
But the question is, what the hell does this have to be, whether or not I can do the work.
What I think other people are doing is they want to do that.
Because if you say that you think a lot of people, the propensity of, they would think your propensity would be to use it yourself and therefore they would probably say no.
I'm not going to hire.
And again, what does that have to do with the work?
In fact, the best answer would be, what is that marijuana? What is that?
Yeah.
They don't give you that option.
I'd write it in.
Or you skip the rule.
I put it in the lowest percentage.
That's what I tried to do.
But you wouldn't believe some of the garbage people call you in for interviews when they've already heard somebody.
But this is just in case they walk out there and watch.
And you go through the whole thing and always decide we're not going to hire somebody after all.
And I'm good and I just want to work and I just can't find anybody who knows what he's really sincere and will hire me.
It's amazing.
And then you'd like to say to people like, what's his name? Larry Johnson?
He's making millions and millions of dollars.
You couldn't speak a word if you're stuck or gun in his leg.
He still can't speak.
He couldn't put a sentence together other than maybe 10 to 20.
Exactly.
Okay, sweetheart. Good luck.
Thank you.
Stay in there.
Yeah, see, I'm suspicious of people who say that they don't smoke weed because they know they're probably lying.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
If you want to get yourself some here, in fact, more and more people since I mentioned the fact that my friend John has got the atrial's up here.
It's just now and looks great and it feels great and it makes them look younger and better.
And so now, Boff is talking about doing it.
I'm thinking about doing it. Everybody that I know is thinking about going over and seeing Charles out here.
Because what? What are you looking at me like that for?
Maybe even you too, Joe, might be able to use it based on an haircut you got today.
Jesus Christ, might even lower your voice a couple of octaves too.
I'm your 5.
Join the anarei to start guns today.
Have yourself some down on Christmas fun.
Oh, you're right.
Well, your friends away will back you all the way.
And sending your right you want to come.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting, life will be sweeter when you press your heater.
Carry a license to be deadly.
Come on and die today.
It's the American way to be a member of the anarei.
Aim for the meat. Aim for the chest.
And always aim for the head. In case they're laughing, I'll have to try to do your skills.
Feel more and more comfortable. Be careful to spend your right to hold the gun.
Come on and die today. And you'll be proud to say your a member of the anarei.
Call 32 at 560 WQM.
So anyway, Dan and Thor Myers.
Cory, if you're listening, you got a fan over there already.
Hey, how are you?
How are you, Cory? Dan says, Cory really does look too good for radio.
Wonder what he means by that.
I guess he hasn't seen that vault spot yet.
At 560-705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Leo.
Yes.
Hey, first of all, I just want to say Ghost Birds Go.
Yeah, let's go Spurs.
Let's put it away today.
You have the next debone in San Antonio.
Yeah, I'll say the NHL board show yesterday.
Now, I look good at it all, but you know why he said that.
Yeah, to suck up the Cusgiri weapon, they probably approached him to say something like that
to try to cover their ass.
Now, he's probably bread-hose called Gulp.
No, I don't think that anything to do with it.
I think that the league looks to him to try to cover it up a little bit.
That's what they're doing now.
Trying to cover their tracks.
That's why Brian Lewis made up that ridiculous story about the continuation play
that nobody ever heard of in their lives.
Hey, how come none of the stars were in person there?
Probably out getting laid, I don't know.
Hey, how about that comedian there?
And he's got him.
Oh, my God.
Now, if she was the worst.
And by the way, you noticed that she cut the act in the middle.
She left early because they just about booted off the stage.
Steadin' and hired her themselves.
Hey, can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yes, sir.
Do you mean in Bruce?
You guys are douchebagged.
Okay, so I have a great life.
Don't forget, by the way, the Marlins.
Remember the Marlins?
No.
They're supporting Miami-Dade County Mayor Alex Penis, the Miami Coalition, and weed and seed.
We like weed and seed, baby.
Oh!
They're the weed part.
And the efforts to reduce gun violence in injuries in Miami-Dade County
by rewarding residents who participate in gun surrender days.
Tomorrow is gun surrender day.
Local residents will receive free tickets to a Marlins game on July 9th, 10th or 11th,
for every gun they surrender tomorrow at our Cololakes Park or Tropical Park between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.
The event encourages very residents to turn in their unwanted guns.
You see three deluxe and participate in gun safety demonstrations,
while educating them about the state of Florida's new 10-20 life law.
That's right.
Actually, it's going to be a stick-up.
They're going to hold you up and force you to take the Marlins tickets whether you want them or not.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60, on the 18th, he wireless line.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Meal God.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Great.
Hey, I heard you mentioned earlier about jazz, McCay.
Yeah.
Do you know what would have happened to that guy?
I have no idea.
He was fired in this place and fired in that place.
And then I think he was up in Cleveland for about five minutes.
He got fired up there.
I don't know.
That's funny.
And he got to force, too, by the way, his wife got there.
And she never was his wife either, by the way, with that broad that he kept passing off his wife.
She got there to carry around the big crypt all the time that he had all his crap in.
That he used to steal all the stuff in.
Yeah, I remember her.
Well, hey, when he was filling in for you when WIOD days,
he played the song about a rapper that sang about how black he was.
That was a black-and-black.
Do you remember that one?
No.
No.
Okay, can I call somebody to do this bag?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I apologize profusely.
I made the cardinal sin.
I mentioned jazz McKay.
Sorry.
Next thing will be getting letters from jailbirds again.
This is the only guy I've ever worked with in my life.
And 600 years in his business, he come on a year and do his job jazz McKay.
And that really just horrible show.
And he get call after call from jailbirds on the inside.
Hey, James.
I can't have calling from Arcadia.
I'm on death row.
And it's about to fry me.
But hey, could you please play that bit about the rapper?
Yeah.
Okay, no problem.
The worst excuse for a broadcaster in the history of man,
except of course there's only one I can think of much worse.
And I don't want to mention her name on here right now.
Okay, that gives me a real stiff competition in the ethanol.
Woo!
Heavy duty sweetheart.
See a tar kingdom.
I think she's changing tires over there is what she's doing on diesel trucks.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Have you ever smoked pop before?
Yes.
Have you smoked it recently?
No.
When's the last time you're...
Let me ask you something.
Sir, is this an inquisition?
Do you smoke pop?
Be inquisition.
No.
Yeah, blow out your ass.
Have I ever smoked?
He's asking me eight million.
Quite many of your business.
I smoked it twice in my life.
I hated it.
And I don't smoke weed, okay?
But everywhere I go, everybody else does.
And that's their business.
And it smells like crap.
How do you like that, sir?
Inquisitor, the graph.
Yeah, would you smoke it?
When's the last time you smoked it?
What do you know about it?
Are you shifting the seeds?
Are you sticking them in Roy's rectum?
And you might be enjoyed it too, by the way, if there's any room left.
At the end.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's dear field.
Hello.
Can I always tell a call like that when they start out?
But not even with a hello or with anything.
Just, uh...
Are you, uh, yeah.
Have you now or ever were dear field?
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
What's your problem with Jamaicans, man?
What the hell are you talking about, sir?
Who mentioned Jamaicans today?
Where is this coming from?
Let's meet the center field.
Because you always talk about people, man.
Yeah.
You always have problems with everybody, man.
Do I really?
Yeah.
We love our Jamaican friends.
We got our...
We love our Jamaican friends, man.
They got the good crap right here in our neighborhood.
Okay, what do you...
So will you be talking about?
Yeah, get out of here.
You doust bag.
And quit playing.
Quit tying up the goddamn interstate.
Next time you go on to those stupid soccer games, okay?
I'll only we don't care anymore, because we moved to hockey right next to my house, because we don't want to have to drive down there.
With all your crazy Brazilians and Jamaicans, tying up the goddamn interstate on night when we got a hockey game.
You moron!
Jesus Christ!
That's your course to show you what you start doing when you smoke too much bad weed.
You start going to soccer games.
Then you really know you've gone nuts.
Then you start thinking that maybe that refer madness that you had a pointer to.
Going to soccer games?
Get real, man.
You know what I'm saying?
Come on!
5-6705-60, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line, Hank Goldberg at 2.
Donnie B., who used to be a hell of a good guy, because he sucked Chris Moore's ass.
He's gonna be on it at 6.
6.30 to pregame show Marlon's at the expose at the...
No!
Yeah.
New...
Yuck!
Yuck!
Yuck!
Yuck!
Yuck!
Yuck!
Okay.
He dysm ole Goodbye Bono Comolog
Will it Bloc through They're joined by cries
Velocat  A
Walk the Social
No
A lot of balloons in everybody out there with smoke and fire!
I'm blind and feeling it is really much like that
We broke the air in one three minutes
Let's go back to fire!
Oh, let's go back to fire!
Yes!
Let's go back to fire!
Okay
Let's go back to fire!
Yeah!
Come on!
Let's go back to fire!
Let's go back to fire!
Are you sure?
Pro 45 with 560 WTQ.
So let me ask you, you smoked pot.
Now, when was the last time you put some weed in your purse?
How many left time you lit up when it was gone?
And how often and what was the likelihood you bought from?
And how much and it's determined so on.
And you make sure you picked all the seeds out first.
Uh-huh.
God, there was a serious walking asshole.
How do you like that?
Call up the Guinness Book of Records, a walking asshole.
560-70560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I want us to know if you were going to attend this week in Gershield.
No, I'll pass.
And how about...
I'll pass him.
How about some pot?
What?
How about some pot?
560-70560, another Julio would nothing to say.
560-705, that's one thing that Julio's in a stout of gotten common.
Okay, besides all that heavy jewelry, is, uh, and the extra low degrees.
Is they got nothing to say?
Okay, so very jackass, by the way, there's proof to you.
If you think that the Julio's are going to help the, uh, whatever the, uh, Aphon station,
1700 Aphon were laughing, you're dreaming, baby, because one thing that they've proven
beyond, uh, you take away the cock fights, you take away the soccer with those South
American, is there anything in sports that they know anything about?
No.
Are interested in anything to say about?
No.
No.
So forget it.
560-70560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Uh, the caller that called a couple of, uh, calls you go about the Black Rapper, we can
be Black, Black, it's up, uh, CB4, the Chris Rock movie.
CB4, what is it?
It's a CB4, it's a Chris Rock movie.
Yeah.
It's a sketchy scout on it with, uh, a Black Rapper.
So what is, what is Jasmine Kay, in other words, he stole it from somebody else's, what
you're saying?
Um, no, it's a sketch in a movie.
Yeah, but that's what I'm saying.
So if Jasmine Kay was planted, that means he was planted out of a movie.
Played you, you're right.
I got some notes.
That surprised me.
I'm planning to go on vacation to, uh, O'Cala National Forest.
Yeah.
I'm wondering, what do you know about that?
What do I know about it?
O'Cala National Forest.
There's been a lot of murders up there.
Yeah.
I'm a little worried about bringing my girlfriend.
Yeah.
Okay, well, drop her into wood and notice how she makes out.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So we got one guy that's spending his vacation in Fort Myers.
Here's the guys going to the O'Cala National Forest looking for Ted Bundy in the woods.
And, uh, hey, what a crime we got, huh?
Yeah.
Here's a call from Orlando.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, for that guy that's going to O'Cala National Forest in the woods on Nancy Kerrigan.
Why?
Mm-hmm.
But anyway, uh, you put a few moments ago.
You talk about what the colors want to talk about.
Been looking you all day.
I haven't heard anything.
Uh, what are we going to do about Robbie, what plug in our fascist governor trying to kick
out, to see no votes out?
That was yesterday's topic that I had no calls on.
That was the self-righteous article, the editorial by the Miami Herald, the Worst Editorial
in History.
Yeah, that's what I heard.
Screaming about the anti-Semitism at some snowy Palm Beach Club when the Herald is the
most anti-Semitic institute in everyone's South Florida, so maybe Arthur Gottfried.
So what are they going to do about Mickey's ships with all the casinos on there?
That's what I said.
That's to ensure you're repassion.
What I said yesterday, they were the ones who were in bed with Mickey to put this dam
arena over because they want to renovate downtown so they can boost the value of one
-year-old plaza and then get the new slip slip in there for Mickey too for the mercenary
lines arena.
But in the meantime, Mickey just happens coincidentally to own the carnival cruise
lines with all those gambling ships out there.
Not that they would ever contradict themselves.
You understand that the Herald?
Oh, man.
Well, I'd like to hear some calls on that.
You're not going to hear anything, sir.
You'd like to hear some calls on it?
Boy, you must be dreaming.
Understand these people don't care.
That's why all this stuff goes on here.
They're going to put over an election here on the 29th of July when 90% of the people
who didn't come off of an antibotor on vacation and out of town on a Thursday in the
list, they're going to sneak over an election so they can sneak another penny sales tax
in here and screw the public again with more metro rail and buses and bull crafts.
Go to Merritt Steerheim and Mayor Penis can pull his crap over on us.
And you want to hear something about it?
Get a voice of Florida, Neil.
Yeah, well hold your breath, pal.
Have a great day.
I'm the voice of Florida.
Like El Martino and the Godfather.
My voice is weak.
Okay, yeah.
And by the way, nice going on at SunPath.
To see Gary Nelson on Channel 4 News last night, 33% of the time they tested that they
went through there and did it charge it?
No.
Or they get the money?
So the state's losing millions of dollars right there because we got the SunPaths.
They got those nice little things on her windshield and they think it's swiping it right
but it's not taking the money out of there.
Beautiful.
33% of the time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
You know, I just got done watching Channel 7 News go off at the most.
Oh, I'm sorry.
And right before they go off, they show a piece on Darrell Strawberry and Tampa.
OK.
You know how he's spending his community service talking to little kids about drug abuse.
Isn't that great?
Well, here's a guy.
My white man, who would know better than Darrell?
Absolutely.
Voice of experience.
Now, what my question is, who would want Darrell Strawberry talking to their kids about
drug abuse?
I mean, here's a guy that continuously falls in the hole and keeps getting away with it
because of who he is, because he's a superstar baseball player.
I mean, do you want your kids to have some guy show how he keeps getting away with crap
because he's a movie star because he's a famous person?
It boggles the mind.
You know what he should be doing?
He should be cleaning debris off of I-95.
He should have on his family.
And running between traffic to pull truck tires off the middle of the lane instead of
talking to kids.
But don't forget August comes.
He's going to be eligible to come back.
Unbelievable.
His 89th comeback.
You know you were right about Mick Harrison.
The people that defeat the casino down here are the people that are making money off
gambling now.
No.
Then the people all over.
All those people that they're the ones that are the main ones that that-
Here, now you're starting to sound like the guy that just called from Orlando.
You've got to understand, wake up and smell a coffee.
This is Florida.
This is the way it is.
It isn't going to change any time in your lifetime, my lifetime.
Your great grandchildren's lifetime.
That's the way it is here.
This is a backwater, backwoods, the endothal state that keeps regressing and regressing.
And that's Florida.
You know, it's scary because-
No, it's not just Florida.
It's every-
No, it's Florida.
People are-
For everybody everywhere.
Even even a bunch of red-nacks up there in Baloxi, Mississippi and in Louisiana and
Missouri.
Even those people that got casinos.
But are we going to get in here?
No.
People don't read the newspapers.
All they know are those 30-second and 60-second spots that they see on TV with the
What do you mean they don't read the newspapers?
The newspapers are going to tell me, how about that editorial in a Herald that I was just
talking about that talks yesterday about parasitic enterprises and end casino leases and get rid
of these goddamn shifts out of our ports, et cetera and so on.
Yeah, you're right.
If they're reading the mind of your own.
If they were talking newspapers, they might have a chance, but they're not going to
happen, okay?
Yeah.
And God bless us.
Oh, it's in here.
Too late.
Too late.
Out of control.
Puh-puh-puh.
Just calm down, okay?
So let me ask you.
Let me take you down to the stadium where Strawberry feels.
While making drag to hell, and nothing since the giant mouse.
Strawberry we have forever.
All right.
Living is easy for sports, trials.
Who's put the fanny in my seat?
A self-assigned gizmest, somebody can still catch up.
If he can hit 293.
And he won't come down, because he loves his tooth.
With strawberry peel.
He's making dried peel.
As long as he can hit about.
Strawberry, dash, dash, forever.
Now when he's swinging its strike tree.
How many must be high on blow?
And all the little kids will sing that it's your right.
To get real high and grab a bat.
Let me take you down here.
It's any of the words strawberry peel.
While making dried peel.
The naps are going to take him out.
Strawberry, we have forever.
Strawberry, we have forever.
Feel probably real forever.
I'm going to take you down here.
I'm going to take you down here.
Hello, dear strawberry.
You still have me in the corner, but it's coming.
You look at the strawberry, I don't know what it's like.
I'm not welcome.
I'm calling you later.
I've noted slow.
$25,000 to $65,000.
Even Joe Costellard just came in and said that they bring Darrell Strabbery back to the Yankees.
He's tearing up his Yankee jerseys, he's going to burn it.
He will never be rude for the Yankees again.
And that George Steinbredder can go to hell.
That's what he said right now.
Nice going, Joe.
Have a little bit of principle for Christ's sake.
Instead of worshipping a bunch of scumbags like Steve Howe and Darrell Strabbery and every other gangster.
Have you ever seen George Steinbredder and Jimmy Johnson together?
Oh, there you go.
Rest my case.
The gangster guys.
Anyway, $12.55 at $5.60.
WQM, we got the handcover show coming on at 2 o'clock.
We got Donnie baseball at 6 o'clock.
There would be no hockey broadcast if they stuck a deep in his rectum.
And then we got the Marlon Pregame.
The Marlon's at Montreal, the expose.
6.30.
Nice.
We're going to play him.
My heavy boy Potter day.
It's the water to 2 hours.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
I'm going to play him.
Let him play.
I'm just going to play him.
Okay, so anyways, 102 at 5.60 WQM, just put it away.
Well, yeah, I know it's your last day, but just put it away.
Anyway, we got the 1,600 open lines here.
If you want to be with us this is last hour.
Hank Goldberg coming up in studio, by the way,
two o'clock this afternoon.
And Casino Leases yesterday.
And this guy, these people had called me to,
oh gee, you know, how come you're not talking more about that?
Because nobody here cares about these things.
Don't you understand?
Don't you get it?
No.
You haven't even been here long enough to finger it out.
No.
They don't care.
I mean, Harold has got these people so used to it
by now.
In fact, it's a rare day when you open up the Harold any morning.
They don't have at least one at a turtle screaming and
carrying on hysterically about the evils of Casinos.
The sky is falling.
And like it says at the end of yesterday's at a turtle,
when does it stop?
When does it stop?
That's what they want to know at the Harold.
When the hell does it stop already for Christ's sake?
The sky is falling.
Right.
Those evil one are bandits, baby.
Go to the track and lose your goddamn week salary.
Go buy a bunch of lottery tickets.
The biggest sucker bet in the world.
Okay, that's okay.
That's fine.
But God forbid you should go to Casino unless of course it's
as vagus or Baloxa you're in the Bahamas.
Then you'll have a great time.
Just read a couple of weeks section there in the Harold.
Tell you about all what I just, it's unbelievable.
And everybody this time just sits back and goes,
eehhhhh.
Oh yeah, well you know, maybe they got a point, you know.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
They'll never get the real picture.
It's really a shame too.
Yeah.
The Harold.
Nobody needs to get the real picture.
The real picture is never moved to the 20th century.
No, it's not nothing to it that it's got to do with their own
selfish interest.
That's what it's got to do.
They want to continue running this town or at least in their
own minds.
They think they run this town.
They don't want to lose any of their power.
When you only have one newspaper, that's what happens.
That's exactly correct.
You know, just two things, Neil.
The strawberry thing is disgusting.
And what's even worse is when he goes back to Yankee Stadium,
he'll get a standing ovation.
He will?
Be sure, will.
You watch.
Maybe from the Puerto Ricans.
Well, anyways, the other thing was ESPN2, you know,
you'd call and Campbell after that call.
He was on the other night.
Yeah.
You talk about someone who really has done a turn around.
Since he's on Betman's staff.
Yeah.
If he'd have been in New York, if they'd have taken a playoff game
away from him, like the first one.
Right.
But that was sad.
What are we going to do?
Well, you know something.
I'll tell you how much, in fact, they even alluded to it last night
on the CBC.
They threw a couple of jokes in back in Dallas when the ice
was so bad and they were playing on slush and they
were having all those problems and nobody could skate.
And the beginning of the first game or two on CBC,
they were talking about the humidity and the temperature inside.
The league made them stop it.
The league stepped in and Gary Betman said,
we don't want any more references on the telecast
to the temperature or the humidity inside the building
in Dallas.
How do you like that?
Disgusting.
Yeah.
Thank you, New York.
OK.
So in other words, we're all blind.
And nobody can see that there's
skating on the margaritas out there.
And it's not fit for a championship much less
any other kind of a game.
Just keep it up.
Gary Betman, you little puddwacker, OK?
You piece of crap.
The greatest thing that could happen
is that we wake up on Monday morning
and find out that Gary Betman will
look with very jackass from the hero.
There you go.
Jesus, God, what a match made in heaven.
In fact, now that I think of it,
they both look the same.
Never seem to get it.
No.
I'm going to prove my point.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 05, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Yeah, it looked like a good goal to me.
Thank you, Wayne.
Thank you, Needle Lows.
Get out of here, OK?
Take Janice and get out of our face already.
So sick and tired of him already.
The 85th standing ovation tribute to the great one.
OK, get out of here.
Old fart, old clone.
Thing I always loved about Gretzky the most
is when somebody would just barely brush,
but just barely touch him.
And he would always hold his head
that little pansy, hum, anywhere,
and go flying off to the bench and cry for about a half an hour
and miss like the next two periods.
Nice going, Wayne.
You sack a turd.
Here's a mobile in there.
Overpinding.
Hello.
Hello, buddy.
Yeah.
That's not a good one.
Ready?
All right.
OK, thanks.
Well, I thought I'd give it a shot.
Maybe we could like fake our way through,
but it's that line eight probably.
Go on, Greg.
Greg Reed in the beastly, giving us the best equipment
and money can't buy, maybe.
Paolo Old, Retread Garbage, that even
Goddamn Alexander Graham Schwartz would be embarrassed by.
Even Mark Coney would be laughing at this average.
5670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in four-letter deal.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Neil, two things.
Number one, I don't know if you saw the full page, Ed.
It was taken out by Sawgrass Mills Corporation
about some sort of a secret deal that the sunrise would
wait.
Town council, I guess, cooked up with the high-wing group.
Right.
That's old news, yeah.
Well, I didn't know anything about it.
I tried to stay away from the sunrise news there.
I don't blame it.
What is happening with that?
Any idea?
You're asking me?
I mean, it's going to go through.
You live there, don't you?
Yeah.
OK.
Well, what does that mean?
I live there.
So therefore, I have some inside.
I think you know what's going on there.
What's going on is that Wayne and his cronies
are going to build another gigantic thing over there
with a mall and compete with a saw, right?
Just what we need is another guy there.
I'm going to book a boil on our front line.
Right, exactly, right.
Neil, the other thing is, well, something
that doesn't make any sense to me.
The other dam in the bathroom, I'm relieving myself there.
I go to the bathroom.
I walk out.
This guy says to me, aren't you going to wash your hands?
Oh, it didn't.
It was pitch.
Yeah.
He says, what do you mean you only pitch?
Don't you wash your hands with disgusting hands?
And that cursed to me that, look, I take a shower
in the morning.
I wash everything, right?
It's all covered up all day long.
Right.
My hands in the meantime are touching.
Let me say it again.
Let me say it again for all those panties out there
who wash their hands after they take a leak.
If they're that concerned about cleanliness,
they should wash their hands before they take a leak.
Because their hands, hopefully, have
got a lot more germs out of than their,
what I'm saying.
That's right.
My pets are as cleaner than my hands could ever be.
Hopefully, right.
God bless.
OK.
God bless you.
Well, I see he doesn't understand the problem
going on the problem on circumcised.
They got that pecorino in there to deal with.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, animal woman.
No, there's again people like I've asked you before.
Is it in your brain because you put it there
and you decided this makes sense?
Or because somebody else convinced you,
this is how to think and this is how to act?
And so just mindlessly, we have millions of men
washing their hands after they take a leak.
When there is absolutely no reason in the world
to be doing that.
None.
Do you wash your hands after you pee?
No.
Or you do.
Well, yeah.
You wash your hands after you open the door
and they're OK, Mr.
Mr. Clemland is OK.
That's why he's going that big boil on the side of his face.
God, I'd start washing my purse with that
if I were you.
It might help.
108, it fives.
And by the way, that stuff, great.
That stuff is the stuff that they found that is
I used to have that in the house and stop using it
because it's creating all these germs,
these new strains of bacteria.
The liquid soap.
You didn't hear about that.
And I'm not making a soap either.
Liquid soap is creating your strains of bacteria
that are antibiotic resistant.
And they're saying, don't whatever you do
be using the liquid soap.
No one of you got that big oozing thing on your face there.
Which you look good early in the week.
And now you look like crap.
You look like if you go one in the middle of your head,
if they remake Frankenstein, you can be perfect.
Jesus Christ, he's using liquid soap.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
I wonder if that in his spectrum before it well.
Nine minutes after one at 5'60,
I mean, this Roy business.
What kind of arrogant cocky attitudes
that this guy walks in here and just grabs these cigars here
from there's like, he's belonging to him.
Talk about a cocky schwarzer, man.
Who the hell was this guy?
I think he is.
Am I impressed because he used to go
to a word jockstrap and play with a dolphin?
No.
No, he ever saw any spots on the show?
No.
No.
Mr. Hatcha comes in grabs our dildo, grabs our cigars.
Anything that's round and hard, he's got his hand on it.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
I'm made of two bombs and tears.
Somehow I made it through.
You know how evil I was,
where I watched the news.
They say we're all will be
when I'm mad,
when I'm fast and cruel.
But just like that,
you make us feel.
Yeah, you make us feel
like we've been through.
And like a silly young,
oh,
from 40-80s to 30s.
Like a silly young,
when your farm farm
is chattel-sign,
like a silly young,
oh,
like a silly young.
150-560 WQ.
Speaking of big bombs,
by the way, don't forget Joe Costello's spectacular racing show tomorrow morning.
The pre-golf, yeah, why do we got a golf show on the station?
Is that embarrassing or what?
Jesus Christ.
Although it is Kimba,
you know mess with Kimba, he's about 8 feet tall.
So anyway, on Joe's auto racing show,
it's 6 o'clock in the morning.
Steve Park, driver for Dale Earnhardt's,
Penn's Oil Winston Cup team.
I mean, I'm glad he will be guessing.
How do you like that?
Are you impressed?
No.
He'll be on.
Am I going to get up and hear it?
No.
No.
But you will.
Joe gets more calls than that one hour than some shows on the station,
get in six months.
And then more calls in one hour than that Waffin station is going to get in six minutes.
And that's because that's about how long that format is going to last.
The fact is that this is one of the biggest jokes in a history of men,
it's like a practical joke.
And actually, the hero being as stupid as the R and his gullible as the R,
put it right there on the front page.
Because any newspaper that would have very jackass work from in the first place
is basically like putting up a billboard saying,
hey, we're in that.
We have a bunch of punk kids.
We have stringers because we don't want to pay anybody for real.
And the New Yorker article was read on Tark.
Thanks for your refreshing honesty, by the way, my anti-Semitic friends.
Where are we going?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
New Yorker.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
I got a little story for you.
Yes.
Channel 51 last night.
I didn't want to watch it,
but my mother, Amy, was there and she was putting the guy there on Channel 51.
I saw that day they said that,
and Ricky Gullichia has a transplant, like a hair transplant.
No, so he's going on transplant.
Well, he's going all the search at young age.
That's, I mean, they talk so much crap that I don't know if it's true or not.
Yeah.
But I don't know.
I wouldn't be fated because I...
Let me ask you to think we really care about that.
I mean, and Ricky, you know, he looks pretty good with it without.
That's true.
And one more thing, but can I call somebody a thrishback, please?
Yes.
Kathy, you work upstairs here.
You're nothing but a thrishback.
Okay.
Okay.
Give him Ricky a big kiss for us in the countdown.
56670560,
POM 5, more.
That thing is getting bigger and bigger.
Jesus Christ.
Oh, I don't want to get you nervous about that,
but that thing's going to spoil your whole weekend, man.
Anyway, here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Why don't I get you nervous?
What is that?
We finally got this line working.
And we got somebody with a radio cranked up and their beeping and puking.
Okay.
Have a nice day in West Palm.
Did one with it.
56670560,
POM 560 on a mobile one line.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I haven't spoken to you well.
How have you been?
Great.
I'm glad.
I've been here.
I wanted to have you there after day after day.
I've been here.
I know you haven't been listening to you.
Good.
I wanted to know if you could please enlighten me on the...
No.
I didn't take you.
I want you to last a day in the cup game.
And to me, I saw the play itself.
We're going to rehash this.
Sir, it's no.
This was a week ago tomorrow.
It's now almost six days later.
It was not a good goal.
The league said it was a good goal.
They made up a story.
They paid off Wayne Gretzky to come on the awards your last night and say,
well, if my opinion counts, it was a good goal.
They're trying to brainwash the public.
They blew it and they can't wear it.
What are they going to do about it now?
They blew it.
What I wanted to ask you, Neil, was...
Even Kathy Willett's never blew it so much.
Was the foot actually in the creases?
Yes, of course it was.
And a puck came out.
If a puck comes out, you've got to come out.
Yes, there's no goal.
There's no goal in there.
Right.
And I do have to agree with you on another thing, uh...
That, Neil, that, uh...
Wayne Gretzky did...
He got a lot of cheap penalties called for him throughout the years.
Hey, amen.
Have a good day, Neil.
And back to you.
I'm so sick and tired.
Thank God he retired.
That's one of those people that had a party in my pants when he finally retired.
Jesus Christ, enough is enough already.
And by the way, don't forget.
Let's go, Spur.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the unamobile one line.
It's interesting how quiet those knee-ocards have been ever since they took it right up the old, uh...
Old Beckham Shoot.
In that last game, they've been real quiet the last couple of days.
Nice and quiet.
Just the way we like it.
Here's Miami, hello.
Yeah, well something else.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, what you think about the penny tax?
I beg your pardon?
The penny tax.
What do I think about it?
Yeah, I think it sucks.
Oh.
I think it sucks.
I think the mayor is a crook.
I think Mayor Penis is a, is a shop.
He did it.
A fraud.
Yeah, Penis, uh...
Mayor Penis got elected because he lied to the people and said that he wasn't going to let Mickey Erison build in the arena at a taxpayer expense.
Then he gets elected.
He turns right on the side of the...
And he makes this deal with Mickey Erison behind our back.
And now the taxpayers are going to get screwed and have to pay for the upkeep of that goddamn arena.
And then he turns around and he makes this deal with an election.
So Thursday the 29th of July when everybody's out of town.
You're going to be in the city?
What is it?
Penis is our big among ethnicities.
Uh...
This is why I have people say, I don't know.
Mayor Penis isn't, the mayor has an ethnic penis.
Is that what you're saying, sir?
Well, I guess you'd know.
I don't know.
And don't care.
He ain't my type.
5, 6, 7.
In fact, he's nobody's type, okay?
But he's perfect for South Florida.
He's exactly the perfect kind of crook that we ought to have in South Florida.
They can all kind of behind the scene.
And then pretending that he's goody too.
She was pretending to be something that he's not.
Fony is what he is.
Fony Faker.
Have any kind of election on the 29th of July on a Thursday, no less?
Do we ever have elections on a Thursday?
No.
And it'll probably be.
You can almost smell it.
Another one of those deals.
If you're against the tax, you say yes.
And if you're for it, you'll say no.
Just turn it around, make it back.
We just like they got the metro rail to you in the first place.
Because somebody's getting a smear somewhere.
I'll tell you that right now.
And by the way, I don't see any gigantic editorials in a hero like it's he Carl Heisen's column,
which is right on target.
But I don't see them editorializing and screaming and hollering and carrying on about how dare he try to pull this off.
I don't see that.
At the same time that they're running this 95,000-part series about the evils of Casino gambling
and the 200,000-part series about that great news sports station at 17th-ever-one-the-dial,
that most of you can't pick up on your radios.
Maybe they got preoccupied.
Maybe they just forgot.
You think that might be it?
Uh-huh.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Nia.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I was driving down a turnpike from Palm Beach Gardens and one of your long-time loyal Palm Beach Gardens listeners.
Well, God bless you, sir.
Yes, sir.
And I heard this hand-washing thing that you brought up a minute ago.
I almost drove off the turnpike.
This is a service to your listeners.
There was an epidemiological study done about two years ago about this.
And they went in to all the men's rooms.
And they cultured like the faucets and the toilet and the door knobs.
And it turns out that in a men's room, the dirtiest place that you can place your hands in a men's room is the faucet that you're going to touch to wash your hands with.
How do you like that?
It was unbelievable.
It was shocking.
And they said, you're absolutely right.
Do not wash your hands in a men's room.
Just like Ferrer used to say, keep your hands off the faucet.
Yes.
Off the faucet, off the door knobs, but because it's all wet.
So I guess that means if you've got to wash your hands in there, you better return the faucet out with your nose.
No, that's not a good idea either.
Or some other hand.
Maybe you're out there.
Thank you, Neil.
Thanks for the good news.
All these pushy's we got out there.
They're having a nervous breakdown about taking a blood test.
They're having a nervous breakdown about going and taking a leak.
And God forbid something more serious in a public restroom.
What the hell is wrong with these people?
It's a Howard Houston room all over again.
Oh, it's those germs.
Those germs are going to get me.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Westchester.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
Ghostsburg is first of all.
Yes, Ghostsburg is right.
And second of all, why are New York fan dacls?
I beg your pardon?
Why are New York fan dacls?
I'm going to have to ask them.
I don't know.
Maybe they have a course that they can.
I know.
Oh, and why are New York teachers, of course.
Just Nick, every New York fan, I don't know.
Everyone.
And one more thing.
I've burnt up at a night by you.
OK, great.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60.
He said, best of me, cool those.
What he said.
5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Something like that.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Afternoon.
When it started this?
Yeah, something like that.
Anyway, very good.
One, how do you get that thing for you?
One, has anybody said anything about, no.
People get refunds on their transponders if this thing goes through
and they knock out all these tolders?
No.
In other words, you buy it.
I get that.
All right.
The money haven't gotten that far yet.
They're just finding out now, thanks to the people of the channel,
the news channels, that this thing's a pile of crap.
Oh, how I see.
They're just discovering that.
You're a little premature in addition to what they're probably trying to figure out
away around that.
Yeah.
What are you laughing about?
You think they want to give you your money back?
I'm sorry.
In addition to what they're losing 33% of the tolls, they're losing their ass on this deal already.
But at least it's nice and convenient for those of you who got them.
Well, then my second part is in recognition of these idiots here.
Could you do your anus?
Okay.
No, I'll do my anus, but well, somebody's anus.
You worry about your anus, not worry about my anus.
5.670560, 0560, 0560.
Anybody worried about Roy?
Roy!
Amon!
Boy, the more I look at this thing that's laying over here on the table on its side,
and I think about what he said before.
And believe me, I didn't make that up.
He's the one that made the comment right there to Joe Costello.
We got 16 witnesses here, okay?
I'd be really embarrassed.
And here's the guy that Flames Dr. Atkins last year for Tri-Niakens,
that having bloody oozing stools,
and then here just a few months later admits that maybe a, you know,
a little problem there with very large instruments.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Hello, and, hey, Neil, did that guy just ask you to do his anus?
No, he did not.
He said, how about taking it up your anus, meaning he was what he said?
5.670560, 0560, 0560, on the mobile one line.
And of course, we know you said, yes!
Here's Miami, hello?
I can't stop laughing.
It's just killing me.
I know it's killing you.
How do you think I feel? Kill him me?
Hey, Neil!
Only at least today was payday,
which takes a little of the pain away.
Only in Miami does the gay community get upset
when one politician calls another politician a sissy.
Did you see that?
No, I didn't see that.
Art Tiel Corroyo a sissy,
and now all the gays are out.
Really?
What a sissy you have to do with being gay?
Read it, three feet in the herald.
Oh, thanks for the good news.
Thank you.
I missed that.
Oh, and I already got the heralded off.
Too bad, I got the fish wrapper in a waste basket.
So we called Joe Carroyo a sissy or was the other way around?
Something like that?
And there are a bunch of fruit cakes all been out of shape.
Just grow up already.
What year for crying out loud?
Art Tiel and Joe Carroyo.
I think they're probably doing each other if you ask me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
If he would have called him a maticorn,
then I would have said,
I'll wrap an art Tiel.
He don't know what that means.
Joe Carroyo, he never got elected against the mental case.
Didn't he get elected against the guy who was trying to fix the election?
That's the only reason he got elected.
Same old tired faces, same old tired stuff.
In fact, there's a rumor that Steve Clark is coming back from A or M.
Even though he's been dead for a couple of years,
they're going to prop his ass up in a chair.
Bit of bottle of gin being in front of it.
Do a hell of a lot better job than Mayor Penis is doing right now.
I'll guarantee you that.
All these little backwoods deals,
all these little behind-the-door deals,
all these little funny, suspicious elections,
all this bullcrap behind-the-scenes deals with Mickey Harrison.
One day he's a good guy.
Next day he's a bagged guy.
Next day we got a given of all the gambling
because the hero says so.
And yada yada yada yada.
Because we got the non-group sitting around in somebody's house somewhere,
and some multi-millionaires house wants them up to the setting on what's good for us
and what's going to happen here.
And we got the rest of the people in this town going,
yeah, and then we got about 600 banana boat people on their screen
into hell with Fidel.
And that's politics in South Florida, especially Dave County.
Let me tell you, the best part about Dave County is having moved from there.
That's the best part about Dave.
Having moved out.
133 or 560 W.
So we got to see an end.
They got the...
And it was on out there that's mainly empty.
Killed his wife and stabbed her 65,000 times,
and I was claiming that he was sleepwalking.
So they got the verdict.
He and the attorney are sitting there
and grit him on.
So I said, he's going, buh buh buh buh, like that, breathlessly.
So I'm going to keep my eye on it and then roll.
Yeah, shut up, Greta.
So as we get the verdict on that,
and they better say guilty we're going to be pissed off
and the foaming at the mouth, okay?
He didn't sleep, but also by the way, in his sleep,
he had the clothing in his car and all the other stuff
and the changes is closed and put on his PJs,
going back to bed, etc and so on.
Recognized the dog and his sleep
to keep him quiet while the murder was going on,
but didn't recognize his wife that he stabbed 52,485 times.
Yeah, he was sleepwalking, there you go.
So we're standing by.
We're sitting by.
Here's Hialia, hello.
Anya, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm calling about that...
That call up about three or four calls ago,
that ignorant, sloped cube,
and that call up and said New York fans are stink.
He just can't handle it because the n***a beat the heat so bad.
Yeah, well, we're not worried about that.
That's ancient history, okay?
We're not talking about the teams either.
We're talking about the fans.
We're not saying that all of New York teams suck.
We're saying that so many of the fans are obnoxious
and arrogant and loud and they make us sick.
And what I'm saying is that you're consistent.
I don't want to hear about it.
I don't want to hear from New York sports fans.
In fact, we invite all of New York sports fans
as soon as a waffin goes on to your 1700s,
that'd be a great place for you to roost, okay?
Maybe they can even get Wayne Roostin over there.
Just roost on 1700s and leave the station
and the people who want to talk about other crap.
We're not in New York.
We don't care about the n***a, about the jets,
about the Yankees Joe, about any of that crap.
We don't want to hear from it.
Why don't you go back to New York, you'll want bastard.
Exactly.
So how's Greta coming?
And so the jury has had the chance to listen to him,
worsen his mouth.
Yeah, well, we're still waiting.
Okay, we're here enough words from your mouth.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh,
go back in and hang out with OJ, okay?
Greta, kiss him on a yes for getting you a job.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
So anyway, here's the facts from Keith who says,
and maybe I am wrong, I don't understand this.
It says, you're misunderstanding the hero position.
The casino boat docking ships are like the sun crews,
casino princes, et cetera.
These ships are in competition with Nikiiris,
and ships, which is why the hero is backing the position,
probably because Niki would pull advertising dollars
from them, et cetera, and so on.
Thank you, Keith.
Whatever you say.
They're sitting out there in the penis Arizona,
waiting for the goddamn judge,
if he ever comes in the courtroom,
and then we'll bring in an jury,
and then we'll find out,
because if this is going to fly,
this I killed her in my sleep,
the sleepwalking routine,
and like they're pointing out here,
this guy had he ever gone to a doctor,
claiming he had a sleepwalking disorder,
did he ever treat it for any such?
No.
No.
But all of a sudden, very conveniently,
they decided, oh, yeah, he must have done this in his sleep.
After he was frustrated from trying to fix the pool,
and at a tough day, it worked that day.
So it came only just stabbed her 28th or 45,000 times,
whichever one you believe.
Only in America, baby,
because nobody's responsible for their own actions.
Let's go out, the jocks were picking on us,
and then we had a rough day at the office,
and the dog done it,
and everybody is responsible for everybody else's actions.
Here's a mobile-informed lauderdale.
Hello?
Neil, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
Just wanted to voice a little bit of the thing about you're talking about,
that thing the other night about the jocks at the Columbine High School,
how they wanted to blame it on them,
and how everybody's calling up.
You know what?
We've become a nation full of victims.
No one wants to take responsibility for their actions anymore.
Everyone wants to blame it on this disease,
or I got this problem,
I got that problem.
Why I had a bad day at work, like you're saying,
this guy out in Arizona,
everyone's got a problem.
And I'll say it again,
not just jocks,
but different groups of kids at schools have been picking on other kids
for as long as there have been schools.
This is not that new,
and maybe that's not the most pleasant thing in the world,
but it's a part of life.
Just like in the adult world,
people make fun of other people.
Sure, people get picked on,
fat people get picked on,
whatever it might be.
And does that mean that we can go out and kill somebody,
or try to rationalize that this was an excuse?
For their barbaric actions?
No, you got to stop and move up and pick on it, whatever you, you know,
that's what happens.
That gives a crap.
Exactly, Neil, shameless request.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
Okay, you got it.
Thanks, yeah.
Okay, we're waiting.
Okay, here's the court's denographer.
He's going through a lot of this man.
But the rest of the woman do.
But you know, these people,
these people, these people.
Jesus Christ.
I'm going to tell you CNN and Fox News
and all these other 24-hour news channels,
and MSNBC,
they should kiss the ground
that stuff that I like this goes on.
And just kills hour after hour after hour,
and they can just make a commitment.
By the way, how's John but they do it?
Oh!
It's a good news.
Godful later.
And what kind of a name is that, too?
By the way, guilty first-degree murder, baby.
Oh!
It's Friday, you bastard.
Hi, there, crazy girl.
The date is a very extra special thing.
Stop and buy.
Show us all about something special.
Oh, I'm not doing it right now.
Come on in the front, man.
Hurry up, laddie.
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
Ooh, I wonder what it is.
It looks like a...
Oh, the post with a filter.
It's me bag boy.
You want your pants?
Hey.
Ooh, what can I touch it?
Sure, go ahead.
Ooh, ooh, run your hands.
Hey, that's fine.
Hey, like velvet.
Hey.
What's this right here?
That is a blowpipe.
What do you do with a blowpipe?
You blow, laddie.
Blow.
You blow high.
Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow.
Oh, okay, can I do that?
Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, laddie?
Oh, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
Okay.
Come on, laddie.
Stick me back to put your mouth around it, laddie.
Don't be afraid, it's not going to break.
All right, like this.
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick it all the way down your throat.
It's bigger.
Hey, I mean, you're doing it right.
What's this over here?
That's midshanta.
What do we do with that?
What do you do with that, laddie?
You put your both hands on it.
You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Hey, run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do, laddie, is you want to blow on the pipe.
You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Okay.
All together all at the same time.
Okay, here we go.
Good laddie.
No, that's good lad.
Sure.
That's good laddie.
Keep going.
Move harder laddie.
Harder.
Squeeze it down.
Squeeze, man.
Hey, run your hands up and down the shaft.
Quick, faster.
Run your hands up and down the shaft.
Keep going.
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
One forty four at five, fifty WQM, a great day for American justice.
It's about time.
Got for later who stabbed his wife, sixty five million times,
and then hit all day of bloody clothing, and then put his PJs back on and went back to bed.
And whose attorney tried to say, oh well was a sleepwalking thing,
you'll be a murder in a first and reed, baby.
How did Venus Arizona now?
Of course they're going to appeal and then it'll appeal again,
and it'll take some time.
But nevertheless, buy his ass.
Here's Oakland Park, hello.
Okay, sir. You obviously didn't read day by today. No, he did not. I never read the first three paragraphs. You would have spent all day on it. About one.
Yes, please. I don't have it here. What will he write about? Oh, no. Somebody has to get it to you. I have to see the waist basket. What is it about?
It's about the coach of the spurs getting naked in front of his team. The coach of the spurs got naked in front of his team.
I'm telling him. Okay, I'll dig it out in the paper too. Oh, Christ. Dave Hyde. I never read his column. And I even read a little Michael Mayo's column. They who said,
fat, trying to prove that he's Jewish, huh? Still in my material again. I'm Mike. Mike Mayo says, fat to watch into Marlins.
Anything that I'm the one that's killing them? He says fat right there in the paper. Where is this piece of crap? This better be good, man. This better be great.
Here's now. That's the Harold sports. You don't write in the hero. They write into God. Damn son. Where is it already? Oh, God. Is this it? There you go. What page do you see? It's on three. One, five.
Let's see. Yeah, there's Mike Mayo. He says, hold the Mayo in fact to that. Dave Hyde. I'm looking. I'm looking. I don't see any Dave Hyde column in the sunset.
I don't see any Dave Hyde column in the sunset. I'm looking. I'm looking. I'm looking. Last time I checked Dave Hyde writes in the sunset.
Or right now to the God damn hero. Do we see any Dave Hyde column here? I don't see it. There is page 14. See. I see it. You see Dave Hyde? Oh, here it is. It's on the bottom of the front page.
It says there are millions stories that they could sit in the surprise. Is that San Antonio coach Greg pop of it? We don't look at all like Jeff pop of which by the way of the hurricane. It looks a lot better.
Actually figures into one of them. Nick it even. He'll kill me for saying this. Burst guard Steve Kerr said Thursday morning. This was after we played a terrible game against Venus this year in the terrible start we had.
We were up by 20 lost the lead to my one the game. Pop came into the locker room after the game and started stripping up his clothes in front of us. All of them he was yelling. I've had it. I can't deal with you guys anymore. And we're like guys this guy's naked and standing there yelling at us. Yeah.
So what's wrong with that? Yeah, let's go.
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what
up, what's up, what's up, what mentioned down here? Yeah, is this a
Ch G union group not over? So I'm talking about a report that resulted into something like this, it's the
the right thing how do you like this he was walking in his sleep supposedly
instead of 28 times i thought on twenty twenty i thought yeah and you know
you had a thing to my god you know come up with any excuse for making murder
you know i mean it's ridiculous i called mace leader
or tell you i hope you have a nice vacation but i also wanted to thank you
who's going on vacation i'm going on vacation now are you gonna go on vacation
soon now right now not not soon not okay well that's good because i look
forward to listening i wanted to thank you though i went to see my cardiologist
in April and i haven't had a chance to mention this to you and while i was there
i said can you do a homo cysteine test any says she uh...
you're the second person this week that's asking that so he did
and it turns out i was borderline high what what was the number ninety six i think
no no the numbers are like fifteen and so not ninety six you'd be borderline in
a box or whatever was a little high so they have you put me on the complex
right
or i'm going to end with a full of acid
and is it down
well i have been back to the other believe me i think he didn't put you on a lot of
i mean that's part of the be complex but you got to take a lot of full of
action in fact
if you go to your drugstore even a supermarket the vitamin section
they have what's called an anti homo cysteine formula
really that yeah it did even in public they got it and it's uh... i've been
taken it for a few months now
very very good it's got b vitamins and very high in full of gas and it's got all
of stuff in there that you should be taken
well the thing i went into the drugstore to get to be complex
i didn't know what to buy it was so many different bodies of the
radio to me that
right i appreciate it okay good luck
yeah this homo cysteine of course uh... that one book which i wish i can
remember the event but i'll bring it on monday and keep it here
where he writes about homo cysteine everybody's all what up about cholesterol
and again because your doctors haven't told you squat about anything
that's the way it goes in american nobody knows anything which is why
american can keep you in the fatter and fatter and sicker and sicker and more
more these cracks on tv with their pills
and by the way joe costell was taking that stuff that they were pedaling to us
a few weeks ago here on the show oh yeah go out there at the kiosk to the
mall and get this up it's great
he's been taken over a couple of days just got a scale here gain four pounds
out of the corner
gain four pounds that works like a miracle in the opposite direction
maybe he had just a few uh... you know
soda crackers like my dogs
