Take a bite, girl.
Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
We caught the Neil called 5600560 toll free for dated rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you first.
Right what he has to pair.
I'm going to be coming down to heaven or upon Saint Patey's Day.
Oh!
The great day for the Hey Rich Hall across the USA.
What do you want to do?
What is this I hear?
Describe and value who?
There's a bunch of queers again in this year who say that I wish to.
Oh God, I love the Hey Rich.
And let's of course, your gay.
No.
If you are your lost de-margin upon Saint Patey's Day, you can be a bum, a bucket of scum,
and sure that's okay, but you can't be a usage of me.
Now you're out of type Aryan.
Both Eminence's grey have delivered this pronouncement upon the blessed day.
Sure, a little bit of heaven fall and nestled in the sea.
What's your cornstrap to help a homosexuality?
Yeah.
Oh God, I love the Hey Rich.
The plot isn't an event.
It's a powerful number of times.
You've never been sure of that.
You can be things in Drunk and Harlan, Drunk and laughing all the way.
But you can't be a usage of me.
No.
No, you can't be a usage of me.
No.
Don't even try to be a usage of me.
No.
10.02.560WQAM.
Happy Friday to you.
Oh man.
We got some heavy duty stuff today, huh?
We're loaded.
We're full of it.
Hey, how's that term coming out there?
That golf slash croquet term.
Kimba, both campers are going to be out there for rank.
I don't think I'm vacation or what.
Do we know?
No.
You just out there in Vegas.
Probably a plunge in his brains out getting laid.
Have a good time.
But anyway, Kimba is going to be on there.
And an appropriate day for Kimba, both campers are going to be on.
From the Honda Golf Classic, the Golf Slash Croquet Classic from 2 to 6.
You want to know why it's appropriate day for him to be on?
Because you get a big right up here from Tom Jicke.
My close-per- and by the way, that must have been some game life, then, huh?
I didn't see it.
I was at the track.
I like, you know, in-between losing and I mean losing at the track.
I saw a little bit of that Panther game.
Pretty combatoes for quite a while.
But the important thing is just when you come out, count them out.
Just when you thought they were out, somebody drags them back in.
Because-
And score the winning goal again last night.
In a desperate two-the-one win in Washington.
So the camps are basically pretty much out.
Nice going there, Panther.
Exactly.
But anyway, so Tom Jicke's got a big thing in here.
Part two of which is largely about Kimbo Campers.
This party is stupid.
No, not Bo Campers, Jicke.
But the first part, well, you know, about he's going to channel four and what a great guy.
He is-
And we agree.
We love Kimbo Campers.
I love it.
I love it.
Here's the one guy that didn't suck Jimmy Johnson's ass, which-
Well, never will forget that.
We love Mandage.
But Kimbo Camper was in a class of his own, taken on Jimmy Johnson,
and holding his feet to the fire.
Nice going, Kimbo.
Yeah.
All these ass suckers we got around here.
But anyway, so the big story here with Tom Jicke,
because I saw that picture in a paper this morning.
I'm sitting there.
I'm like, oh, man.
And when I saw this picture, it really worked like crazy.
Heavy-du-y.
It's Ugu-gu-buga.
It's not called Mikey.
Oh, wait till I tell you about the dentist by the way.
But anyway, so it's-
Uncle Mikey, I told you we're loaded today.
Loaded for beer.
And there's the picture of a nearly-
You know, you know, something about him.
He's like Dick Clark.
Not that he looks young.
It's just that he never gets older.
You know what I'm saying?
He just never changes.
I worked with an area for about eight or nine years over there at IOD.
And he liked air-free from the time I got there.
Of course, you know, something there.
Some people who will be embombed before they-
You know what I'm saying before they put him in the body?
Yeah.
I think maybe that's what's done it.
He's well preserved from the inside, Mikey.
But at any rate, it says a familiar voice in South Florida radio.
And by the way, you're hearing about it right here.
And hey, no one of those morning guys is starting to get real nervous.
The paranoid depot.
It's not bad enough.
They got to pull it up with Rick and Suds, who've already made some serious inroads
in the first trend as we reported exclusively here on the show the other day.
Now, Mikey comes back.
And even though it's a Palm Beach station, they're for less pretty good signal and brow art.
Right?
No.
Yeah, they do.
A familiar voice in South Florida radio will be heard again starting Monday,
Mike Rineri.
A morning drive presence.
Since 1975 in this market, I've been a little tired of that crap.
I can tell you right now.
Who needs to put food on the table? He's coming back.
Well, resurface is WGNA, formerly WGNO.
What is that about, GNA? What do they do that?
They switch those formats like a year ago or so?
What format?
Or the call letters?
WGNA 1230, which is in Palm Beach County, which I used to work there as a matter of fact.
Look at that.
He's been in this market since 1975.
I worked at GNO in 1975 in Palm Beach before I came to Miami.
How do you like that?
But anyway, Rineri was a fixture in IOD for more than 17 years.
His firing in 1992 as the station opted to pursue youthful demographics,
a la Boy-Gerry, or that Boy-Gerry.
What a piece of crap he was.
He was a real turd.
His firing in 19, and they didn't even let him say goodbye.
Let's go back to that whole thing again about poor Mike Rineri.
He may not have the youngest demographics in the world.
Okay?
He may be the greatest entertainer in the history of mankind.
He may not be like, you know, as exciting as the chic,
or Greg, or some of those other guys.
But he's, you know, he's dependable.
What you hear is what you get.
Shows up every day.
Gives you the weather.
Gives you the fishing report.
Gives you the all-manak.
Gives you today in history.
Gives you a heartburn.
Gives you some good stuff.
He's okay in my book.
Called in here, by the way, on my anniversary.
Allegedly, they congratulate me on 23 years,
but also the plug the fact he's coming back.
That's okay.
Thanks, Mike, for thinking about us.
And you see it worked.
You're right.
So what does it say?
His firing in 1992 was the station
out to the pursuit of youthful demographics.
Marked the beginning of WIOD decline
from one of the strongest, most branded AM station
in the nation, in the nation, to a weak sister
in the Miami Fort Lauderdale market.
The station tried several formats and personalities after
Rineri's departure, but was unable to match his audience.
In fact, all around town and every survey they did,
they used to get one response after Rineri left
and after I left the dolphins,
and everybody got blown out when they'd ask about that station.
Everybody in this town would say,
WIOD, oh, I hate that station.
The station tried several formats and personalities after Rineri's departure,
but was unable to match his audience,
and it suffered through its loss of status.
WIOD was sold twice along the way at Los Niroagers,
and the dolphins, not even interesting,
the order that Tom Jicke puts those in,
not alphabetical order, by the way.
Are you following this?
It lost Niroagers in the dolphins,
the two strongest audience magnets in South Florida.
Eventually, the station, which gave Larry King his start,
and in its glory days was known as the home of the great entertainers,
had its format changed to the current all news.
After leaving WIOD, Rineri shifted his base to Waxi for five years.
He was there for five years.
Huh?
Is that possible?
Because he was a year off IOD, I mean almost a year,
and that was a nice going over there, guys.
Even a better deal than I got,
although not as much money.
But nevertheless, they signed up into a new deal
and like two months later, they can't access and paid him off for like a year
that he didn't work like ten months of, or eleven months.
We're in.
Nice going Bob Nail, nice going Bob Green.
How's your old one?
I don't think that was Bob Green.
Wrong.
Really?
Wrong.
I remember the morning he called me in and said,
I've decided to make a change.
I've decided to make a change.
Do you ever remember out of Friday morning?
And here Mikey is putting on, you know,
that the old plastic purple jacket is,
that he brought the town in 75 from Cleveland,
or wherever he came from,
and had his thermos full of coffee or whatever,
and his flask.
And somebody came down and said,
oh, got a minute.
And this business, that's always the word,
no, seriously, when they give you that little thing with a finger like a come here,
come on, come on, come on, oh, got a minute.
And as soon as somebody says got a minute, you know,
yeah, by the way, the Dow is trying to make ten thousand today.
And it's not going to do anything for me.
And what's, the Dow was off to a big start,
you know what's holding it back,
caterpillar.
I'm never going to go to that stock.
It was yesterday, 50 and almost 51.
I bought it 55, and I'm thinking, oh my God,
this morning, the first thing, they're all you four,
couldn't have a shot at 10,000 today.
What are they talking about, little Maria Bartiromo?
Oh, well, canter power hasn't opened yet,
but they just reported crappy first quarter earnings,
and they're going to take another.
Here every time I think I can get out,
they suck me back in like Marco Corleone.
I can't get out of that piece of crap stock.
Come on, go out and buy some tractors, will you?
Christ.
But we're still about 75 points away from 10,000,
but I'm going to keep my eye peeled on that,
because, boy, the people on CNBC will be partying
in their pants if it comes close to 10,000 today.
If we should just like sneak over it,
I'll get back to the binary story.
And then we got the new time story.
I got the Dennis story.
Oh, we're just loaded with crap today.
Who's asking us our vague counting?
Oh, I'm sorry.
The Schmelling Nietz,
introduces the definitive collection
for the anal rectangle.
The species are the species, silly.
Yes, we are pleased to pass on to you
the most exotic animal-dropping collection available today.
Our animal-doodle replicas are handcrafted
of the finest future.
Order today, and your first two will arrive in two weeks.
Classic couches.
In real, you can almost nest.
You'll mark the attention to detail,
and be amazed at the enormity of the elephant
and the cuteness of the bunny bullet.
Order today, and you'll receive our special bird-since.
See what it looks like before it hits your winchries.
Be a part of this powerful movement.
There's no time to wait.
Call now.
The species of the species collection is going fine.
15 at 5.60 WQM.
After leaving WIOD,
Reneerie shifted his base to Waxi AM790 for five years.
He's been off the year since October,
having been unable to reach agreement on a new deal with Waxi.
Because, of course, so we know who stabbed him in the back.
Don't we?
Don't we?
Oh.
But anyway, Reneerie had been buying the time
on the brokerage station in Sellingzone advertising
to cover expenses and compensation.
He will have the same arrangement with WJNA,
whose signal extends throughout Broward and Palm Beach counties.
His new show will differ only slightly from the format
he's used throughout his professional career.
He'll only be allowed to say,
Ugu Bu with twice an hour.
The folks he hosts will chat about things that infuse him.
The day's headlines,
the pop culture, sports, fishing, the birthday list.
What about Ranger's Entertainment report?
No.
Oh, that, you're doomed now, Mikey.
No Ranger's Entertainment report?
And what about Henry Bear?
Oh.
I'll get to that.
There'll also be a smattering of music and a clectic blend of tunes
favored by the former disc jockey and a clectic blend of two.
What does that mean?
Come on, Tom.
Get your ass out of the clouds.
Okay, sweetheart.
And a clectic blend.
How about an eclectic blend of...
Farts.
I mean, what, what, what does that mean?
In fact, is Reneerie's new program will probably have a bit more music
than his audience has been accustomed to getting from him?
Henry Bearer...
Oh.
Who stabbed him in the back, who's association with Reneerie dates back to WIOD,
and other support staff has in Roger, I'm stabbing everybody in the back I can't
nagolin, will not be with him this time.
And by the way, I sure like to produce your show, Neil.
Let's fire George.
I'll work from six in the morning till midnight if I have to,
so I can get everybody else fired.
Yeah, we never really dwelt on that very much about Roger,
because, you know, once a part of Tom used to like him for about...
Yeah, that's too long, about five minutes.
Huh?
Five seconds?
He was kind of annoying when you come right down the way.
Hi, I hand them.
Hi, I'm Neil like the way that when Henry Bearer called in that thing,
he was talking about what a maven Roger's effect.
It's a tight contest between Rick Rally and Roger Maggolin,
who's the big stock market guru.
I guarantee you one of them, but no caterpillar stock, thank God.
Oh, thank the Lord for Home Depot.
Oh, Jesus.
Anyway, they will not be with him this time, the support staff.
As the OJs would say, the backstammers, they stated,
Waxi worked out a deal of their own.
Now, see, Tom, it's interesting you put that in there,
and I guess you don't want to go beyond that.
You know I ruffled too many feathers.
But we found out here that day on my anniversary show,
on the first of March, on the pre-ides of March.
And then when Reniri called, and he confirmed it,
and actually had a few almost caustic things to say about Henry Bearer
and some of those other former associates,
who worked out a deal of their own.
In other words, they couldn't work out, like,
here's my Quinery, okay?
It's the my Quinery show.
He's got like his sidekicks underlings, whatever they are.
It wasn't a Henry Barrow show.
It wasn't a Roger Maggolens show.
I mean, not that they had gigantic numbers,
but whoever was tuning in, there was a little tune in here,
but Henry.
Right?
Of course.
And for some strange reason, they were able to work out
some financial deal.
Like, Henry said, the Henry's got some kind of an angel somewhere
with a lot of cash behind them.
Or maybe just robbed a bank until they're still.
So anyway, basically, when he was setting this trademark
lowkey manner, it's going to be,
what?
Which he doesn't know a few words in French.
You don't know that right?
Like, probably, Uga Buga, a few of them.
What?
It's going to be him and some music.
And a nice Quinery, Mikey, we're glad that you landed on your
feet, okay?
Because here's another guy that's screwed over.
Never, never damaged anyone that I know of.
You know what I'm saying?
Never was stirring up trouble.
He was out the door at 10 o'clock in the morning, which I liked that.
Just like I'm out the door at 2 o'clock or sooner, if possible.
I mean, out the door like a shot.
That's the way it should be.
Never hung around, stirring up a lot of crap, backstabbing people,
making a lot of problems.
Being a Yenta, none of that crap.
Good guy in my book.
He's okay, and I hope that I hope he, you know, something,
and like I started to say before, since I'm dragging this out
as long as I can, and I obviously am due to good job of it.
I mean, here's the guy he's on there now, and his following, whatever it is,
they're going to like pick up, okay?
I bet you're like maybe, you know, maybe a couple of thousand people.
I would say like five, six thousand people, listen to the worst team now, waiting for
Renewary to come back.
They're going to be on J&O.
In fact, the people who live in Dade who want to hear Renewary don't want to move
you out into Broward, you know?
Huh?
Have breakfast?
What?
What are you laughing about?
They'll go to the Miramar diner, have some breakfast.
That's right on the board of there.
They can pick up J&O, 1230 on your AM dial.
And of course the people that like Rick and Studs were on the morning on 940 on AM dial on
Stupid Talk.
You know, I was thinking this morning, what?
I was shaving.
I had just read this article in the paper.
I'm saying, I'm shaving them thinking, God, Pete Baldur's even dumber than I thought he was.
Wouldn't have made all the sense in the world to put Renewary on INZ on Stupid Talk in
the morning.
Leave Rick and Studs in the afternoon, where they were starting to build pretty good,
they were doing great.
They were doing a hell of a lot better than they'll ever do in the morning.
I mean, that's, I'd be shocked if they do better in the morning than they do.
And afternoon act.
That was their niche.
Renewary in the morning and of course his demographics are a little older, which would be perfect for that
Geriatric crowd.
They'll listen to Dr. Laura and Laura at S. Phat S. Right Wing Nazi Limbaugh.
And then you know, Rick and Studs were their younger demographics in the afternoon.
Would have been great, Pete, but you're an asshole, man.
You know nothing about anything other than stabbing people in the back.
I wouldn't be surprised if Pete Bolger elopes with Henry Burrow and Roger Magdalene before the
year was out.
I could be wrong, but I don't think so.
A match made in heaven, those three.
And then Jacob goes on WFOR Channel 4 turns to radio about Jade Alexander from Chicks
at Six and Y 100.
He's going to do the entertainment report and stay on Y 100 and he's Cuban at Bavé.
And then he goes on with a lengthy thing here about Kim Bo camper.
And I'm going to tell you Tom, you've written a lot of things over the years, but you are right on
target here.
This is a paragraph that is absolutely correct.
It's also making WFOR's permanent roster as former dolphin Kim Bo camper
will double in his current role as part time sports talk host on QAM.
Bo camper is a sterling example.
Now listen to this because Jake is right for once.
Bo and also about me being the most important person in the world.
He was right about that.
Bo camper is a sterling example of a former athlete who refused to rely on his name while trying to build a post-football
career in broadcasting.
When he began as a talk host at WIOD, he was so awkward.
He was so awkward.
He was difficult to listen to.
Yes, right.
He was awful.
Through hard work and diligence in preparation, he's developed in a way solid professional who doesn't suck at
he cottage cheese ass, especially Jimmy Johnson.
There you go.
And it's true.
In the beginning, Bo camper, he was his wooden as Al Gore.
I mean, he was just bad.
He'd be bad.
But now he's come along great on his own.
Certainly, certainly with no help from our programming department here.
That's for damn sure.
With no two-lidger guidance or instruction, he just worked his own way into it.
Use whatever he's got in between his ears.
So nice going, Kim.
I'll be on to the six-per-hank this afternoon from the Honda Golf and Croquet Classic.
Okay, that's a exterior of that.
So, we're not really coming back.
Anybody psyched about that?
Okay, that's our poll question.
Do we have more interest in the Panthers winning that big game in Washington last night or when you're coming back to J&O?
Now, that's a tough one.
Huh?
You think there's much interest in either one?
No.
No, seriously, that's the poll question of the day.
Are you all whipped up and fired up?
The Panthers got 65 puts.
How about those maple leaves, by the way?
Just for a second, don't get panicky.
I've got a listener who's down here part of the time will listen to Toronto.
Get it lighter from Toronto, eh?
From Kerry.
How's it going, eh?
Send me the sports L-strakens, a column on hockey from Sunday's March 7 last Sunday's Toronto Sun.
Well, what a newspaper.
Greatest newspaper in the North America is Toronto Sun.
I love the Toronto Sun.
I'd like to have an orgasm all over the Toronto Sun.
I'm serious.
I just, I love the Toronto Sun.
So anyway, they got, you know, about Trevor Lyndon-Sauks.
I told you that the islander is going to dump him.
He's a stiff.
But anyway, the top five list.
Five ways to make hockey more popular in the deep south.
Number five, refer to timeouts as pit stops.
Number four, name at least one expansion team, the Aggies.
Number three, players must assume Bob is a middle name as in Yara's Law of Bob Stavosti.
Two, cell seats in groups of three, the pickup truck special.
And number one, players not allowed to wear their dentures in public.
Oww!
Ways to make hockey more popular in the south.
We need something.
I mean, we, you know, draw good crowds.
But like I said, they're just asses filling up seats.
And in some cases, asses too big filling up seats too small, like baby seats.
Because we need your money.
Now we get to some really good.
How's that doubt doing, by the way?
Well, we still got about 75 points to go for 10,000.
It's real.
Nervous time, man.
Or they like to say it is crunch time.
When I hear somebody say crunch time, I feel that somebody ought to crunch them in the face.
That's one of the worst cliches.
Oh, now it's crunch time.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of crunch time, I go to the track last night, lose my ass, come home, and John's watching the,
Weber State North Carolina NCAA basketball game.
And you know, I've like soured on basketball, the NBA, forget it.
I will not watch that crap.
College basketball occasionally, there's some pretty good games.
And that was, I haven't seen a sporting event like that in a long, long time.
Weber State.
I mean, people laugh at that school just because it's spelled W-E-B-E-R.
But nobody knows how to pronounce it there.
So instead of Weber State, all these years of it called it Weber State.
Nobody corrected them.
It would be in polite.
Weber State.
This is always the big hope, you know, in the NCAAs, is that the little schools like, you know, Gonzaga,
which be the team that had 85 of its members sitting out because they're, you know, corrupt and suspended and stuff.
But at any rate, unbelievable finish.
I saw the last eight minutes of that game.
It's only took about 40 minutes, by the way.
But just fantastic.
I was screaming.
I was, I mean, not as exciting as that Panthers of Boston gave me the night.
But it was pretty damn entertaining.
Nice going, Weber State.
Okay, we'll get to the teeth.
We'll get to the new times.
Now, where did we get this?
Do we know or something just faxed us?
faxed.
Oh.
Thank you, whoever faxed us, the thing from the new times.
Oh, it's from the new times.
Like I said, that's for you.
Why don't we change some of the personnel over there?
That some of those hard asses who don't intellectuals that used to work there.
He did me like poison.
Hope they're, I hope they're living under an overpass.
I hope they're living under 395, those people that used to do it.
It's safe.
In Miami, tell.
As far as we go.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
WQA.
What does that mean?
Is that real?
It's the real Steve Nichol?
Yes, Neil Oh my God!
Tell me you love me!
No, no, no,C let me do this.
Okay. Okay. Where are you? Actually, I'm sitting in the parking lot at the
built-more getting ready to play some golf. Oh, God. They also got a good
coca tournament going on under the roof. I was listening to those how to enjoy
his golf. I was listening to that thing in the morning that morning show
thing that they have on your station. That thing, yeah. And I was wondering how many
more days will it take before DFO finds one of those golf pros to stick in
nine iron somewhere where go what's his name? Joldy. Joldy. Unbelievable. Yeah. God.
So how are you doing? I'm doing great. I have a variety of ailments, you know, but
as we go well, I mean nothing made you just annoying, you know, stress. A lot of
stress from being a business. What are you doing these days? You're up where are
you now? You're in Jacksonville. Oh, Jacksonville, not at the big
gate. No. Across the street as it were. I wonder if they'll bring the grease
man back now that he's looking for a gig, huh? You know they had him on up there
on a station and he didn't make it. Really? Yeah. There's just not enough dark
people in Jacksonville for a little fan. I have to shift some in so we can
offend him and get a lot of publicity. You're a lot of station you on. It's not on
the street. Oh, here's Steve Nichol. This is the business for you folks. He
you're the program director. Am I correct? No, I'm the general manager. He's the
general manager. That doesn't exist yet. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Now you can ask
George and I'm not because you know I'm the last person to be an asked liquor in
the world far from it. But I'll tell you this. How many times have I said to you,
George, over the last 13 months, we should have Steve Nichol should be the PD
is as scruly as he is. 156. That's a week. That's 157 times a week. Our PD is a nice guy,
but he's got a lack of Viagra problem. In other words, it's limp and he just can't get it up.
He's the most important guy I've ever met in my life. That's a bad deal. Yeah. That
is not good. That's why that kid with a squeaky voices on here in the mornings. He must
have naked pictures of Greg Green with a moose, you know. He's got to have. How could
that voice be on there? I think he's having too much sushi. That's his problem. Is that
what it is? Yeah, I think that's it. He's getting a lot of ants. I know that, but that's
beside the point. Even when that's squeaky voice, he's getting laid a lot. Oh, man. Well,
you sound like you're doing great. It's great to talk to you and to hear your show again.
It's great. And now how long are you going to be here? I'm in for the weekend. Great.
I mean, we'll tear it up a little bit on the golf. You're going to over and see Bob and
Cheryl. I stopped by there this morning as a matter of fact. Did you? Yeah. Did they
say be sure to give Neil a big kiss for us? No. They were here a few days ago. They
stopped by. Yeah. They're just that that looks like some sort of park avenue corporate suite
up there. That's way too weird. Do you know something even in a broom closet there?
They got better equipment than what we have. If you came over here, you would cry. I
mean, you couldn't believe the craft that they've and of course we had a threat to take
them to court to get them just to build a studio here. This temporary thing. They wanted
me to do it out of a broom closet. I mean, these people are cheaper than the day is long.
Yeah. Well, that welcome to the new world of radio. But they fell into a bucket of
crap. Well, I've been here for you, Steve. Thank you, man. Have a great show and we'll
see you. Okay. Good luck in Jacksonville. Thanks. Bye. See there. Steve Nichol. He called
in that that's shocking. I mean, that. See, you don't like Steve Nichol. Is that
a twist? I just said that because I know he's going to be listening. I'm just so you
hate to hear you know, seriously. I mean, he's a complex guy. You know, he's like most
of the people in this business, especially the ones that get into management. He's very
complex. He's got a lot of different things going on in a lot of different areas. He does.
How she was doing, by the way. Well, that wasn't his baby. Don't worry about it. Oh, were
you stop? Were you grow up already? Christ, you get so I mean, everybody knows that. What
was the guy's name that went to Washington that the. See, one thing about IOD, we didn't
have a bunch of people walking around who couldn't get laid like an asteroid. Seriously,
if I looked like Cory and I was no matter what I was, I'd be getting all the action I wanted.
I wouldn't have to be moving over a couple of skanky strippers like we would tell me before
porn stars. Well, whatever, skanky is skanky no matter what that they were. I mean, you
know, it's what that says is other guys were getting paid to do them that they had to pay
him that that somebody do them. Something wrong there, Cory. There's something missing.
And I'll hear what you'll cut. I'm really amazed. Yo, Castello is jealous of Cory Sabin.
That should be the big thing. The next few weeks around the building, he thought you liked
him more. Personally, I don't I didn't even know Cory. I love Yo, Castello. He's a great
guy. He's one of my favorite people in the world. He's a great guy. Got that big Roman
nose. Huh? He's not a bad looking guy. I'll give him about a, I see now I don't want to
do that. That'll kill him. That would put a spike through his heart. So usually guys get
embarrassed when I do that, but around here they're so used to it now that they're hoping
I'll give him a big number. I only have a small number. I'm sorry, but. Now, seriously,
I give Cory about a nine. He's a good looking guy who just can't get laid. All you young
ladies out there, maybe even old ladies if you got some money, Cory Sabin is ready. He's
ready for action. He came in here yesterday. He said to me, I wish I had a steady girlfriend.
Now, maybe see the problem with Cory is people think he looks like he sounds like he sounds
on the year about 30 years older than he really is. Then he's got a much older voice. He
doesn't look anything like he sounds like. Correct? I would agree with that. Yes, he sounds
old, but he looks young and pretty good. Spider-Word Joe says, Joe, you just jealous,
but he does have a ball start. So I want to ask you this. You think Joe Costello would
like to change his nose. In other words, have Cory's face and swap his nose for the ball
spot. We'll find out later. We'll find out from Joe. No, he was. How do you know that?
He'll say that, but you wouldn't you really believe that? How about when I asked Joe Costello
if he want to look like Brendan Barmer, if he would be happy looking like that? No, no,
it's too muscle bound, you know, too, yeah. Right. 21B. Oh, and also, by the way, here's
a fact. Thank you for one of our real chronic factors, by the way. It says WJN is Jack
Cole and Randy Rhodes. Wait a minute, I'm Randy Rhodes. Sorry. And WJNA is Frank Sinatra
and that King Cole. And now, Mike Rineri. Welcome, Booga, baby. Nice going, Mikey. All
the things that don't even exist. At a boy, Steve, I bet he's making a lot of deals
right now. Oh, and by the way, George, if he could make all those deals as PD, can you
imagine as general manager of a radio station? Huh? Oh, they're going to be a lot of people
going to Vegas with Bob Lincoln in that station. 24 11 at 560 WQM. How do you sleep? Or with
what's your name? What was your name? The, uh, that Vegas trip? Rocky, uh, Renderia.
It's Friday, you bastard.
All they long, Monday through Friday, I have to put up with my boss. He is in charge because
of his title. He thinks he's smart, but he is dumb. When I punch in, he starts and
plays. What a pain. He's a bucket full of stunts. He always puts my stone. For five
hours. He's a freaking I'd like to tell him where to sleep is stupid. Get in. Yes.
He's a freaking I'm gonna tell him.
40 hours, Monday through Friday. Write my butt till I retire. Less of course, I can get
fired. So I'll just tell him. He's a freaking he can go and fight me. I'll set the curtain
and solve his lover. He's a freaking I don't. He fires me.
Wow, I knew she was dumb, but I'm sure she was that dumb. Okay, 10, 46 and 5, 60, W. Come in. I'm
on over that song by the way. Greg Reed just walked in. That was, you see, I told you I got
through psychic vibrations. I had that cute up the door opens and there's Greg Reed. And I said,
oh, yeah. So anyway, I'll get to my dentist and all that stuff. Boy, yesterday we were
really dendtally intensive on the show that last hour. Yes. I had 748 different dental
people that wanted me immediately not sooner to rush to their orifice. They wanted a
monkey round in my orifice, the one of my mouth. But anyway, before we get to that, thanks
to our friends at New Times magazine. Oh, it's all out of New Times. It's great for burning
the cold winter's day up north, starting a good fire. Best radio personality. This is their
but how come we don't have the whole issue with somebody going to get that for us? Because you can't, it's not in the
a date one. It's in the Broward Palm Beach one, which of course being south of the border
here, we don't get it. But anyway, best and worst is the issue they do over here, which
city links going to be doing one does soon too. We understand copycat. Best radio personality,
Neil Rogers WQA MAM. 560 on your aim though. Even Steve Nichol would agree.
Yeah, good. Now Steve likes Diffo. They play Gnolty. Always a matter of fact, you know
something you made the comment about Diffo. Isn't that interesting? I wonder if Steve
Nichol is soaking up with his drinking buddy over there. Jeff to fourth. Those two are as tight as two
peas in a pod, man. Or at least they were. I think they had like, I think they had a little falling out when Diffo
stiffed Steve there at the IOD in those last days. Remember that? When Diffo came over here, when Greg
Reed was interfering with his contract. I mean, seriously, and Diffo didn't bother telling
on a Friday. See, that's the way the story went from Steve Nichol. Who badly couldn't have got to do
them on together like when a rumor and Diffo run together. That was great. As Larry King would say,
that was almost great radio. Kind of like the worst team, almost great radio. But at any rate,
yeah, that was an interesting moment there when he expected Diffo to show up. And then Steve
Nichol lined up doing sports talkers. There was nobody Diffo just left them hold in the bag.
He's probably holding Diffo's bag out there in the course right now. What kind of, what are you doing?
So anyway, best radio personality. Neil Rogers, WQA, what a loud club. I'm sorry they don't say
iron. I mean, see you showing your ignorance about golf. Thank God. Finally, your reason to turn on
AM radio again. It says Neil Rogers, they self-proclaimed fat fag has no peer as far as
work concerned. Peer rhymes with queer. His timing could have been better for
retiring from the airwaves after a seven month hiatus. It should say a seven-point month paid hiatus.
Yeah, resulting from his nasty spat with WIOD AM610 armed with a new million dollar contract.
Yeah, right. Rogers took up his 10 AM to 2 PM time slot on WQM just in time for sexual hysteria to
explode in Washington. Squirt, Squirt, and he never missed an opportunity to launch a funny or at times
profane insult. Rogers spent the year gleefully attacking the Republican Party, branding Henry
Hyde and Kenneth star Nazis more often than he hit the button for his trademark. No sound bite.
Rogers is also a welcome wilderness voice in relentlessly ripping Wayne Hypinga.
The fact that WQM broadcast the play by play for the Heizinger owned offens and Panthers merely eggs him on.
Yes. Left the Marlins out of that, by the way. Also ones the Marlins.
Yes. I guess we want to leave them out. I don't want to say too much about that. Especially about Greg's listening.
So that's the choice not and that's the choice of the new times people, which in the past they always try to be
a bunch of wise guys pseudo intellectuals over there, you know, picking some of China. What's his name? China, Valet's Valet.
Whatever, whatever. I don't know who that is who plays jazz to a clock in the morning for a bunch of stone, two intellectuals who don't even know what station they got on.
But then of course the one that really counts is the reader's choice. Readers choice.
Yeah. Greg read isn't here reading this. He says, Oh, the readers, who did the readers pick?
I said, Gelby. Did you know that Luann Winnick didn't know what a gelving was? She thought it was a Jewish word.
He just told me that. Oh, sorry. Well, she's a city girl. A little bird just told me that. Huh?
She thought Gelby was a it was a Jewish word for pun. That's putz city folk don't get up to the country much. Right. She ain't seen a horse.
Well, she probably never saw.
Riding.
Huh?
How's those bleeding oozing problems? The boys by the way, those bleeding oozing stools. He had when we first came here. He's a good guy by the way. We're a foster great guy.
Good boys to it. He should be. I tell you one thing I'd rather have him doing some of the spots than those 10 year old interns we got on there recording commercials, screwing our clients in the back.
But hey, Luann don't care about that because she's busy. Let's leave this show.
Yo, this is one great thing about this is I'm not going to m off one by one number of people in this building. I don't speak to anymore.
Her the water Nazi although the the phone Nazi. I'll work on that. He still speaks like that day came down here and big you not to play that fake orgasm thing because then they wanted to tell him.
Feed from Q.A.M.
By the way, when Greg was down here, do you mention about when they're going to get a office phone for the A.M. studio up there for the sports shows?
Did he mention anything about that? No.
Keep bastard. So it's appropriate. I played that song. Seriously, he's not a bad guy, but he really is. I mean, he is so far shorter.
But anyway, so readers, Royce Neil Rogers, thank you. New times. Nice going. There it is. It says the greatest talent in the world. Forget about Madonna. Forget about Michael Jackson. Forget about the Beatles. Forget about the Beach Boys. Forget about Steve Tyler. Forget about Westbrook Van Brewery's.
And it even says and I'm really proud of this says forget about for Daniels. I want to see a bunch of calls on here now from people just make it up from people are going to be turning into a micranny now in the morning on JNA 12 30 on your amdol.
Get all the powered people on there. I don't want depot to get insecure or anything like that. We always already paranoid. I heard him say this morning something about how paranoid is before I go with the next CD in my play run away to work.
Something about how really paranoid is I mean like I told you before anybody that's paranoid about my good friend Jeff Rimmer. I mean, come on.
Jeff Rimmer ain't going to be working on this radio station before he's not trying to get your job anymore. I mean, 5 6 7 0 5 60. Come on. Let's have a bunch of people just a couple of minutes here. Make it up. You love Mike.
I'm not a secretary. Even if you never heard of him. And of course he won't know. See, that's the deal. Be like a Greg V. Delting. He won't know if you're doing it just because I asked you to say it. Or if you really mean you're going to be listening to renaissance this Monday morning 12 30 on a.m. dial because you want to relieve from that worst team with a high pitch squeaky voice and guilty too.
And then we'll get to the dentist stuff. Well, I'm just loaded for bear today. Especially now that I found out what my problem, or at least I think I don't know.
I've got several different things going on. All of them, by the way, related to stress. That's what I should be using that S thing for when you call dial amateurs call 1 800 MATG R E S.
Leave off the last S because it stands for stress. Yes, right. Stress stress kills. And it is true. I was having a dream about this place. If you're nice to go, I forget.
And it wasn't a good one. It wasn't a sports guard. Not that kind. Wasn't about Zoltan. It was a really. I mean, screaming, shouting and yelling and hysterical. And there were as usual.
Schooling things up and we couldn't get on the year and we just the typical technical incompetence with the QA and with Greg Reed director set.
So see, I mean, why would you go around to building telling people that our sales manager is that dumb? I mean, I already know she's not too bright.
But she never heard that she doesn't know what a gilding is. And she still thought it was funny.
Even it's like, you know, that's one of the miracles of this show. We don't have, we have like four Jewish listeners. The other people almost a bokeh. They're old.
They, you know, they died. That's what the paper. The hero said said all the Jews moved out. Believe it. That's what they hope wants you to believe though. Now we're got replaced by Cubans. Oh, by the way, there's a big story about Brad will get to that.
But nevertheless, I can come on here and say, Hey, Cox a hoist and the Graham love it. They don't know what it means. It means really take a good.
Is what it means. Get it out of your system. Take a big fat. Cox a hoist.
They just like the sound of it. See, that's one of the great things about Yiddish, but Gildi isn't either. Well, he is, but the award is okay. The way I'm going to use circumcised something for you to keep in mind. Roy.
What?
She's in interest in all of all these things.
This is what I hear.
There's a mobile and candle load out a big micronary fan. Hello.
I myself and my friends, we send in the balance for new times to put you as number one. Thank you, sir.
And we also put in, of course, we put in Lorenzo's also. And for at them, we put there are no, there are no best talents on SM.
Uh-huh.
So, uh, okay. Thank you.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Neil, this is a red headed white cubit that's against the Orioles going to Cuba. That's not what I call you about.
Good because I was boring. Exactly. Listen. I mean, terminal. I listen. I hear.
He's got orange here and he don't really give a crap. Yeah, but I'm Cuban. Oh, you don't see too many Cubans that look like book.
The food would be unlucky. Thank God. Are we sending them all back to Neil? I called you. Uh, I, I listen to you show every day.
It's great entertainment. I really don't take everything serious. Uh, I'm not chronic. So it's like I said, it's entertainment.
But, uh, I'm like, Mike, I'm sure anybody want to mention Mike, Rennery this morning. I do. I'm ever affected.
Good. You don't got that restaurant that he had down in some days. No, when I went bust. That's why he, but that's why he needs your support starting one
this morning. I'm going to listen to him too. All right. Okay. I'm beginning to doubt now you and Galby. Yeah, I think you got the
guilty the other day. Galby kind of got pissed off the other day and some of the things you were saying. Oh, my God, Neil's getting to him.
Like what? I don't know what exactly what it was, but you know, I didn't. I've never heard anybody take anything. You know, take a personal. But I said, this guy's
getting a little bit perturbed about the things that Neil say. I'm beginning to have it out myself. If you really dislike him or if it's just the entertainment that I don't just like him personally just on just on the
ear. He's like a twit voice to ask sucker. I just, you know, he doesn't belong on the air. But personally, I, I get tired of this like people you don't even know, you know. Yeah.
Oh, you guys have really never met a person. Yeah, by you. I like four or five times. I've seen him. Hello. Goodbye. You know, you're that's it. That's it. So there really is a nice
tension there. What is it? The really is tension there. No, not on my part. I have no tension. Of course, he's a pussy. So we don't come around. You know, okay, Tony, but just like when you when you get him on, he's got his facts wrong. And you like one
Hank did one day. And when I did about the hockey thing with the old furry, he never responds to that. And because he pretends he never makes a mistake. We all make mistakes. But instead he responds by trying to give a little personal shot, which of course we find very
musically and have a great day. I'll read it. There's a guy's going to be listening to the micro. And believe it, T-fo, stop and think about it. T-fo, he might really mean it. I want to get
you nervous. 10, 50, 70 might get some diaries doing that household.
He'll Roger's got.
I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot.
I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I
'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you one. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going tofting or crying. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot. I'm not going to get you on the spot.
Is anyone from hockey now?
a bookshobby six o'clock then at seven o'clock we got the NCAAs we got a couple of basketball games for it
I don't know which ones and does anybody really care it's a pretty good stuff by the way like that weber state north Carolina game
I start unbelievable even I enjoyed it
So anyway getting to the dentist are we gonna get to that next I got so much damn stuff
No, I better get some reneary calls on here like I said deeper. We'll never know for sure if you're really gonna be listening to
Reneary or not I know I sure will be
One I here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, sir. Hey Mark Benson. How you doing? Oh?
My god. Oh my god. Oh
This I how come reneary didn't call himself
Excuse me. How you doing Mark? I'm doing fine
Would you say how come reneary call the other day? And he said that you were like his partner in crime or something
I don't know something like that you're talking about Barrow
Oh, you're Henry Barrow's partner. Yeah. Oh my oh and George are you following this this is important?
This is the guy that nice the micrinary in the back. This is the guy to put Henry Barrow on the air
Don't you love it? It's not I don't you know what I don't leave it to a loser like you to do that
You believe it will piece a walking turd like you to do that Mark Benson. How you doing with your Spanish lessons by the way?
Let me tell you something the first ball apparently you're not interested in the truth
I got a good proof. Well, let me tell you
You want all the Cubans are gonna go back someday is that the truth? Yeah, right you wish on
You wish I don't wish you wish it. That's what you live for I do that's what you used to live for aren't you aren't you into that
Anti bilingual stuff anymore Mark. I'm not the guy who did programs every day for about two three four years made a career on the subject
Yeah, I was talking about immigration. I wasn't talking about bigots, but anyway, go. Oh, okay. Yeah, right anyway. How's that me shaferdun?
I have no idea. He is sure I do
I'm gonna go ahead or let's get to your buddy. Yeah, I talk about Henry. Oh
Yeah, yeah, I'm listening
No, you're not I'm listening. I want to hear the where you said he hears the real story
Well as far as stabbing somebody in the back
I can only tell you what I know and that is that on a Friday morning last October Henry called me and said guess what?
There's no more Mike Riner show right out of the studio after the show and he announced to us. That was the last show right
We don't know what we're gonna do nobody knows anything right and that's the way it is and there looks like there's no future
Right, and I got together got with the radio station the following Monday
We started there like somebody was going to do probably anyway as they had no plans. Yeah
Now that wouldn't you think that somebody
People who work together for about 20 years would maybe give somebody a little bit of notice as to what the hell is going on in their career
That's forever to get that taste and smell out of your system. Yeah
Well, that didn't happen so if you think that's stabbing in the back
You judge it. I was there people taking this to heart like I'm joking about Henry. We had Henry on the air here the other day
Oh, I know that Neil but now you're taking this seriously my good friend Henry
Oh, I hope I'm not taking it seriously, but I know a lot of truth
He knows better, but let me just say this
Why do you sound so depressed about it like like I'm creating some kind of a rift?
I mean, you know when Reniri did call a few days ago he said something about Henry and asshole in the same sentence
But other than that, I mean, it's just you know everybody's got to make a living we understand that the only thing we still wonder is how come the
Waxy people
Cut a deal with Henry and with the other people over there and Reniri they wanted more money than he was able to bring in
They wanted all of it. Well, let me explain this to you Neil
I have no idea what kind of a deal Reniri ever had
But you don't want to do you understand what I'm saying though does that seem a little bizarre?
Let me tell you something I
Viewed Mike Reniri as a tremendous talent that he is I found it extremely bizarre that he was off the air
I find it bizarre he hasn't been back on the air yet. Well, he's quite frankly
Well quite frankly because we believe in his ability and obviously it's proven in this market
Henry nor I ever contacted any of his sponsors for a period of over two months
After we started that program because we felt that somewhere somehow he'd be back on the air
I mean we were talking about a major mental hospital signal
We didn't know what you're talking about today as news to me and I can't believe that but we thought he'd be on a real
I thought he'd be back on you know like a real full power station
Yeah, we did not we didn't tamper with any of his former sponsors. We didn't run to his sponsors
Yeah, we never capitalized on his show whatsoever
Right, frankly you can't you can't get away with that. It's nonsense. It's very cheap thing to do. Well, it's only one
Microniri we know that well, that's very very true and you don't go out and you don't play like here
I'm like Harry and you don't try to duplicate what somebody else don't do an uga booga on here and pretend to be like
We're nearly junior
You can't ever know Henry can go Roger can go Roger got a bigger nose Roger. Well Roger could do that effect
We have but I'd say a Roger I know Roger wouldn't stab anybody in the middle. No, Roger's a great guy
And let me tell you something we've discovered in Roger that there is a hell of a lot of talent because Roger actually
Boy when it comes to that business report. He does he does a bang up job. He's a good guy shows up every morning before anybody else
I always thought Roger he was a great broadcaster. Well, Roger is
I'm looking out for yourself in that plane Roger. He's full of talent. I'll tell you right now
We got it. We got a good sports guy on right John Roberts and
I'll tell you something else if you saw the ratings it came out this couple of weeks ago
We didn't do too shabby there either. I got him back here somewhere you showed up in the trend. Oh, yes
We did and let me and let me tell you this
That we went after you know realize something that Henry knew
After the last show with an area that the show was over and never had a clue prior to that that the show was going to be over for
Reason I wish I had a recording of the message he left for me after that show
It was like a guy was like a doe in front of the headlights
You know sort of thing about to get hit by a car, but anyway
I was just kind of like the time that he left I would eat to retire
Yeah, right. Well, except that I think he knew he planned that a little back
Right no he never called me that morning and by that I have by Friday afternoon
We lined up the show for Monday morning. Well listen Mark. I got to go leave it up
Thanks. We also asked to came you'll be this get out of here
Can you believe that he any or something he's still talking you do know that?
Are you aware of that?
He's still talking even about you know
Mark Robinson don't take any bulls
on that right and he did say that by the way and I had to
Bleep it in English it's 11 after 11 if I see if you would have learned esponial
As you could have said near and then I went ahead of a bleep at mark
But you know just resisted you keep resisting. They're here to stay sweetheart
Hi, right here many of your dreams from Uncle Mikey's double talk school
That's right a school of double talk with old Uncle Mike
You ever have those embarrassing social situations where you just don't know what to say you know words failure
Well Uncle Mikey can help by teaching you to say half as much in twice the time with half the brain talk
We'll reduce your embarrassment by 50% you'll only be embarrassed half as much
Because instead of thinking up to something to say you only got to think of one something
Maybe only half is something or something like that. You know you meet a girl and you say my you look lovely
And instead of thinking of another glove of mine you just say my my I'll lovely you look it simple
Famous best of all we have easy payment package plans. We got package plans at the school of double talk
Where is this place you ask? Well, I'm glad you asked about a loss of place
I lost my place, but I gotta keep talking because we don't do retakes. We don't do no retakes at WIO and D
I remember all Mr. Eagle air use of low as nose right in the middle of a couple of his spots there
I can use these ah here it is
March 101 North Bay Coswave beautiful North Bay village. That's the uncle Mikey double talk school at the school of double talk
I've been a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. I don't blame you 11 16 and 5 16 W to QM
So see I'm glad I apologize to Mary by the way in case you might be listening, which I'm sure he is
Because I got the conversation confused because I forgot who it was that said that Mark Potter was the one who was involved in getting the money
And it was Henry bear. Oh who had told us that what he called up there
Now what a strange combination that is Henry bear. Oh, and at one dimensional mark Benson that say Mark Potter
Who used to work a really look alike they're both bald headed
Mark Benson sorry Mark Potter
I apologize to anybody, but anyway sorry, Mikey for getting that all confused
So anyway, I'm making a big song to dance about this winery coming back, which is what they're looking for and Henry and Roger had big numbers
They're in the morning and said them and so on all right. Let's talk about my teeth. I love the stupid faxes here by the way a lot of real crap
That was amazing. So we had Mara Steve Nicholas morning and we had Mark Benson
What does he have to do with radio anyway? What does he have to do with anything?
I thought I really want to know please don't call back. Please ever again
So yesterday I did go to my dentist after getting a breathless call after hearing from about and thanks to everybody
By the way all the dentist and their assistants and their agents and their setup man and detail men who called yesterday inviting me
enthusiastically pleading and practically demanding that I come to their office yesterday to check all my
Dental problems and my little thing on my gum and whatever
Quarter to two in case you missed it. I get a call from one of my
My dentist the doctor Gary over there in Pembroke Lakes. Who's a great guy by the way excellent dentist super guy
Well, and I'm sure Cheryl said that all because they don't listen to a.m. And they're like well, you know
most joints they listen to slush music on FM inside
So Cheryl must have said because she was gonna buy their last night by the way
Thanks Cheryl Yanta but at any rate so they call demanding I come right on by as soon as they got off work
You've not sooner because ordinarily they were you know
They but I call yesterday morning to make me wait two weeks to come in for an appointment
They don't know my mouth is falling apart all this all these things that I got that you're tired of hearing about
And by the way, I don't have lupus discus lupus
Pupus lupus I look at my disease book do I have lupus?
I don't have a scaly rash and I don't have this that don't have that
I don't not losing any weight unfortunately. I'm trying like hell not lose don't have all those different things
When you look up, you know the symptoms in your disease book on these things. I don't have them
In addition to which it seems to me if I would have had you know when I had the biopsy of this rash on my neck
If I would have had lupus, I think they probably would have found it. You think so. I think so don't have it
Sorry to this point, but at any rate so I go to the dentist and I got
I'm the back of my gum which that comes and goes like a little like a little I don't know
Maybe it's a canker. Oh gee on the back of my gum
Like a little irritation and plus I've had all this pain in my teeth and in my jaw and my neck
This has been a majority of the symptoms of the rash. I don't care about the rash
It doesn't hurt. It doesn't itch. It doesn't hurt. It just you can't even see it
It's just all of these things that are getting on my nerves after three months and having doctors saying ah, you don't need us
Weight another six or seven years so come to find out then it looks in my mouth and sure enough. I've been grinding
Grinding in my sleep like kind of like this
Okay
Yeah
grinding
In fact the
Hygienist who cleans your teeth which you did yesterday she's a sweetheart by the way. Thank you sweetheart
She has started doing the job there and she's oh my gosh you really you're like wearing down these teeth to like nothing from grinding
So he's gonna make me a
Mole two days I'm going back and he's gonna make me a thing. What do they call it a mouth guard?
To put it at night so I don't grind my teeth and I'm not gonna grind them now which of course
I mean doesn't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out
That if you're doing all the grinding like that that your jaw is gonna hurt like a mother and it and the thing in your neck and all of this
All of these things are connected to this
And it's amazing all of the people I've talked to like since I was the dentist yesterday everybody in their brother even Georgia
Was telling me that who were you saying has that problem? Oh?
What am I nieces? Yeah, I bet talked to Pat Richard the track last night. He's got that problem. He's grinding it
Everybody in their brother is grinding their teeth in their sleep and
Then of course they get that TMJ maybe instead of hearing about loopers today
We can hear about TMJ about the the draw thing and about how the thing gets out. Oh, well, what do they call it?
Testicular mandibular whatever the thing you know what I'm talking about
Which I'm not really sure if the dentist said I had that or not
I'm not sure what anybody said at this point, you know
Because I had so many damn people like clawing all over my body and of course their intentions were good
weren't they all of them yes they were they all wanted to welcome to my help in a moment of
No, yes they did
So thanks Gary and staff over there in the pepper flakes degree and he's gonna fix me
I can feel just like pop out burry now like a hockey player. I
Have like while I'm thinking about when I go to bed every night
So I know I can't like chew and grind my teeth down to a numb stress baby like I told you before the big S
You think I'm exaggerating these people will kill you
It's amazing the things that happened to an in your body from stress and yes
I do have these abdominal pains that kind of like shoot around here and over there, but that's
That's part of the same syndrome. It's called getting old and being fat and out of shape and being you know fat old slot
That's that's that
That's to keep you on your toes
So it's comfort you know that at least I'm gonna live another week or two. That's good
Got the dental thing all straightened up
So we can just cheddar away here an hour after our every day
Sorry, it isn't born on the discus loop is but yeah, the one of the things from the discus loop is what they are
Is a scaly it's usually a butterfly rash on the face, but even no matter where it shows up
It's like scaly would like a coin shaped. Sorry no loop is
Not yet. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing, man? Okay, sir? Well that guy almost took me to see that guy's born
That guy was a terminal. He is the only personality transplant
You don't have a radio show doesn't know no, no thank goodness
And it'd be a lot of that somehow involved with Henry Barrows show somehow and by behind the scenes
He's making everybody speak English on it. I'm all fired up for a Runaway Uga Buga. Yeah
Yeah, I'm talking about sugar cookies and ripple for breakfast great
I want you to spread the word all over time man. I want you to go out with Bill or with a sandwich board
I'll fire it up. We'll see you at Kaya. Oh to this weekend and remember hold on to what you got to you get it up the
Yeah, okay
See that always I always got that bullet on thing in your mind. They're always just thinking about it back
Don't let's in their blood. They can't get it out
And of course if you do what he just said it might get in your blood and you will not get it out
We have an open line and day one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty
Tom five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's homestead hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Okay?
Did you see that Greg Lusainus was on TV this morning? No, I don't I didn't see it
He was on my wife was watching some ridiculous Lisa show or some crap
Yeah, yeah, they're huge bites. Yeah, they're talking it was him Chuck Wollary and Kato Kaelin talking about
Well now what a group that is I know Lusainus Chuck swillery and
Kato Kaelin. Yeah, Kato Jesus
Put him back in the dumpster where he but I've been living the last few months. He thinks he's all funny
Everything he's flat out retarded. Yeah, and Greg Lusainus, you know, they're asking all these questions about you know
I'm sure talking about their penises really being circumcised. I didn't know that the Kato had one
And Mr. Kaelin what's your claim to fans? Well, I used to live in OJ's house
That was kind of a bum and I heard this stumping on a wall one night and that made me famous. Yeah, he was stumping it
That they started talking about
She says what do you guys think about men being able to get pregnant now? Yeah, and Greg Lusainus
You whip up this crap saying uh, well
um
I got dogs and I got a freezer full of sperm. I'm like what the hell does that have to do with men having babies
He says pull out the scrap by his dog and he had a he cares the dog underneath the sweetness car
This guy's yeah, but it's not alive so don't worry about it
We have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty under 18 T. Warrantos line
I don't believe anything this guy just said no you think he's got any clean wouldn't know leaves if she a bit him on the lip no
We're for the kit to deserve the kid dead by the way
She's not
dammit
Here's a hollywood hello
Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay? All right, listen, Neil. What about this crack?
This thing is still going on with Joe the magio
He's getting credible and let it keep putting on the news and all this and
He's dead. He's dead. He's not coming back. Okay. I know they're having a gone Mrs. Roosevelt. He's not coming back
They keep making this car like he's a
He's a nice little guy that he's dead. I think Paul Simon. I'll get our garf under here that'll re-record that song and do like you know
Where have you gone Jackie Robinson get to the 20th century before it's over. Okay
Simon and Garfunkel get with it
Little reunion time recut the song
Something significant somebody deserves a tribute somebody who's also been dead a lot longer
But you know broke the race barrier and baseball somebody who was a real American legend and icon
A dark icon but nevertheless
You can tell the magic I'm so sick and tired. He was our hero. It wasn't mine hero
And you know something I don't I don't know anybody
Who's hero he was that's not very good English, but nevertheless. I don't know anybody uh that said oh Joe the magio was my hero
I don't know anybody that old. I don't hang around cemetery village
Maybe if I went over to my mother's complex and I wanted to run screaming. Hey anybody here like Joe the magio
Yeah, I might find you know some old fossils come. Oh, yeah, he was great. He's dead yet
You know
He's not relevant to most of us
I know that comes as a tremendous disappointment and a bitter blow to our dear friends in the media
But we just don't give a flying
You've seen the trial on CNN now the TV movie America's been waiting for Ralph and Ellis Cramden star as John and Lorena above it in love hurts
I'm warning you John don't push me too far
That's a laugh Lorena. I'm the king in this castle the K.I. and G king
I'm the one with the penis in this house. Mm-hmm. Look I'm tired of talking I had a hard day driving a bus
Now I'm going to take a nap and I don't want to be disturbed
Oh
What was that?
Hey Johnny boy. What's all the screaming in here? Help me nodding. She cut it off. Yeah, cut you off from sex together
I don't have anything to sex with you gotta get me to a hospital any hospital hurry
Hey Johnny boy looking for you that animal clinic was right down the street. I see you think I'm lucky
You think I'm lucky do you take a look at death not in what's wrong with that?
I think that elephant's trunk looks kind of cute down there. Oh you do huh?
Hand me that playboy
It's 132 at 560 so you might say he uh got kind of gilded is that what they were trying to say there?
That means you know what that means the land I'm sorry. We have an open line in date
That's really frightening okay, though. We have somebody's like over the age of 10. It doesn't know what a gilding is
Huh, I guess you would just horse him around you know what I mean
560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line
So what were we talking about during the break that was so important about the mark Benson? Oh, yeah
We had an inside report from inside we can't mention no names of course
But somebody who works over there at Waxi which we won't mention no names on the air
But George had an inside report the fact that Mark Benson does go on the year with Henry Burrow and that little
Ontarajah there's in the morning trying to be funny ripping off a lot of my material and everybody over there
Hey, Tim like poison is what we were told
Hey, Tim like poison
I just mentioned that in passing
Mr. Perinoia here's a mobile and poke out a creek hello. Hey how you doing yo? Okay
I was done at the class again say at the Honda why I
All right, you know, I don't I don't watch it too much, but it was okay. Was okay for what to kill some time to get drunk
Not a lot of drinker to a tree nickel deep all yeah, guess what I saw down there people likes a few pops every now and end
Yeah, I saw a bug that boy. Yeah, and holy shot now. I know that fact. He's enormous
Wow lose some weight, but please the audience is even begging you beg him sir begging to lose some weight
I know please boot loose some weight before it's too late lose the weight all right. Hey closing. Yes, sir. Were you a fudge packing?
Oh
That's the guys got one line every call ends the same way nice going to work on some new material work on it over the weekend and the material too
Open line in the day one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty come on let's hear about the grinding two thing
This is the important stuff now that we can finally got to the bottom of this deal
This is the important life come on. It's the doc to show again here
I want to hear about some stupid goddamn golf tournament by the way
Google beyond six to nine thirty because we got Purdue in Texas basketball the NCAA game nine thirty night
So that's the deal and Kimba Bo camper who's highly acclaimed by Tom jica
Sunset will calm today nice going to her Kimba a little feather in his camp
Yeah, this one you're in business, you know, and then Mark Benson's try to tell us how that I wish
I would have had those trends here. I haven't at home. I'll bring him in on Monday
And we'll look up and see just exactly the giant numbers they had in the trends on that morning show
Maybe they do have a number you know, maybe they're counting like 90 plus
I wish him me nothing but the best, you know
Now Roger
Just watch it and that plane up there man
Here's a mobile in the homestead hello
Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir
Best first off. I'll be listening to micro-diving. All right. Here's another one D fo
He's got it all cranked up to 1230 just to break it off and see some D foes but there right
But I really want to tell you about your your Cmj. Yeah, if the doctor if that's what they're headed for
Go see a maxi-o-facial surgeon or whatever. Oh what?
Yeah, I know I said the same thing my girlfriend's got the same situation
And thanks given we had to take her to the hospital because she had wicked headaches all kinds of cramping up
Around her shoulders and whatnot. Yeah, and I told her for years
It says, you know, you grind your teeth when you sleep. Just now. No, I don't
And the doctor they looked inside it does MRIs. It did all the stuff
And he said look all I can come up with is you're looking at you know, you've got jaw muscles that are
Connected to that thing for the
If you learn whatever. Yeah, it's like your knee joints
It's the same way your knee joints are set up your knee joint connected to the mandibular joint
Your jaw bones, but anyhow
It's it's a tricky little bugger because it is set up just like your knee
But you wouldn't believe how many muscles in your face are connected to that jaw bone
And when it starts to get out of place and out of wax
That's how much it'll affect your body. So what do they do for it?
Well, like he's gonna do with you
He's gonna put the mouthguard in she's got one and the pain so far has gone away. All right
Oh, yeah, it'll be it'll be a blessing trust me once you get in first. Thank God for but don't please don't say but
No, no, well happen is there's no monitor you and what it is
He'll tell you how bad your grinding your teeth like in the month she had already chewed a hole to the back of her mouthguard
Jesus, oh, yeah, y'all you wouldn't believe how much how much pressure you might have her a lot of stress
Yeah, and it also cuts your foreplay and half-two with all that stuff
Yeah, right, but one thing had a little with that mouthguard a little bit anyway
Had him do as much as he can with chemicals or rather with drugs and with the mouthguard and adjusting it before he operates
Because after the operate before he operates well, if they if they have to do that
Because they have to go in there and rebuild this that joint on both sides your job to rebuild your joint
Yeah, okay make it bigger this time. Oh hell no seat
But um, so go in there and they'll redo it because it becomes our critic and
It gets real nasty looking in there. They can show it to you on an x-ray a maxi-o-facial surgeon
Yeah, and tell you all this stuff
And you would not believe though how much different your life will be
Because of that jaw pain in there
You know, okay, well, thanks a lot pal you got it. I'm got some to look forward to now
You got a man a lot of pain. Thank you. There you go. See we ask you to receive that sounds really
somewhat good so what bad you know, it's kind of like a life because God is the saddest
He heaps all his crap on all of us. You know all these diseases these elements these aches and pains
All of these things like that song the Lord made them all he made all of this crap to mandibular
Whatever it is Nelson Mandela, Dibular crap
Wow
grinding your teeth
Hmm, and you know something neither one of my dogs ever told me anything about it
That I grind my teeth in my sleep. Never heard nothing about it
Damn it bastards. Yeah, they're probably enjoying it
It's amazing all the different stuff that happens from you know from that all these the things
The neck and the jaw and the headaches in the ear. Yeah, he said to me definitely the ear
I told him I said and I and I expected a negative re-answer. I said to my dentist
I said well my left ear has been plugged up a lot. They're going on three months now
Not completely, but I mean a little bit
Not good and he said oh, yeah, absolutely. He said that the the bone something about the bone is in front of the ear
You get the pains like and like and you go to all the ear and nose and throat nose guys
And they look and can't find any sinus problem and they don't know what it is because this is what it is
It's the grinding problem. We're grinding it baby. We're grinding ourselves to death right into the ground
And I asked him I said well, let me ask you this. Suppose they paid me for another seven months like a
Look a year and a half ago, you know, he said that would be a real good idea
In fact, what I'm gonna you know, I should have started this at 10 o'clock
Because I had so much material today. I wanted to get all of a sudden
But he said a real good way to do your show from now on until this all heals up give it a rest
You don't want to open your mouth to wide. So just kind of go mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm. Yeah, mm-hmm. No
What's wrong with that?
There you go. Yeah
21 before noon at 5.16. I've just started mumbling a lot. I have no pre-puse
Nice only the best
I have no pre-puse
One more time I have no pre-puse
I have no
But I guess the farms are pretty
don't really like it but I really because it seemed
then I'm going out to watch the big grey
Marching
Je�on
on a cheap, on-trick and feel that's the green.
I'll drink until the color brings to what I've been.
We are all Irish Wednesdays, that drink day is here.
So we put it all, hating the interesting beer.
I wanna be heard, heard, heard, heard, heard, heard and green.
Yeah, I'm gonna be heard.
You're stiff, you're peeping boiling water, or you're
sticking the mouthguard in boiling water.
Here's the fact somebody says my wife has the same thing that this guy was talking about
the mouthguard.
Her dentist told her to go to a sports store, get a clear mouthguard, like hockey players
wear for $2.00 and it works.
He says it works.
There you go, thank God.
I need a mouthguard.
I wanna be just like Ray Whitney.
Yeah, I wanna be Ray Whitney.
I'm that son.
This for a few minutes.
See ya, Bridget.
We have an open line at day, 5 6 7 0 5.
Also, anywhere we had a second spy report.
I'm not a person who works inside Waxi.
And he said they've taken a poll over there in his unanimous when it comes to Mark
Benson who called us before that long pond of his show killing, show stopping,
pouring call that terminal, which I have no idea what Billy was talking about.
And they all said he's an asshole.
Yeah, it was unanimous.
They hate him like poison over there.
So Henry, I mean, you know, I don't know what kind of a deal you got with his guy,
where you found him, but man, handing out leaflets.
And see, the thing that this guy forgets, he tried, why did you spend two or three years to,
yeah, I spent two or three years talking about issues.
And I also spent plenty of time exposing that whole group, you know,
and disassociating myself from them when I realized where they were coming from
and that they were relentless.
And that basically it had nothing to do with Spanish language.
It had to do with xenophobia, which you use anywhere you,
oh, and by the way, front page of the paper, I hate to break the news to you, Mark.
Population surges and browards, foreign influx.
Now, major player in growth, it says on the front page of the,
a hero this morning, right on the front page, big study here with all the population figures,
browards, not just AIDS, but also, right.
Right. Sorry about that.
All these new people coming in, Mark, and guess what?
They don't speak English.
Oh, my God.
What are we going to do?
This guy is falling.
Let's get him a shaffer out of bed.
Let's get that whole thing started up again.
You know, let's get to Enis de Pinaxira, officer wave radio, and get him going.
Here's a mobile and storage.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
I don't have xenophobia.
I love her.
She's great looking.
Oh, yeah, Zina has she's not.
Yeah.
I'll also be sending Russ.
Do you like to have Ray Whitney?
I so I'd like to be Ray Whitney.
I'd like to have Ray Whitney too.
I think Scott Whitney.
Scott Whitney?
Scott, well, Mel, we would like to have Ray Whitney's hands.
I don't know if he saw what he had last night.
Silver plate.
Silver platter.
He couldn't dish it in.
Well, they won the game.
Don't be looking for negatives.
They won the game.
Ray got the winning goal.
Everybody's happy.
They're hanging right in there.
You say Reneer is going to a J&A?
Yes, sir.
J&A, they call it now 1230 on A&DAL.
J&O is 1040 on A.
I guess J&A is made of 1230.
It's made of 1230 on A, right?
Well, J&A used to be J&O, but of course this company, this queer channel,
or whoever it is that bought them out, you know, they keep swapping all the callators.
But he's going to 1230.
I got you.
Because right now...
Now you're going to be listening to Ray.
Oh, yeah, of course.
All right.
Here's another one.
I'm going to be listening to Mike Reneer.
Sorry, D-Full, you lose.
Hey, Neil, who got the better trade?
Buffalo or Pittsburgh?
What trade?
You didn't hear about Stu?
No.
Stu wants to Buffalo for Matt Barnaby.
What?
How was I supposed to hear that?
We only got a sports station when I hear that.
I'm Mr. Hockey, but now when did this happen?
True, last night.
How come it's not in my newspapers?
Well, think about that.
What did you say?
You've got to be kidding me.
No, no, sir.
Now, who got the better of the deal?
It's a good deal for both teams.
Because Barnaby was not doing Buffalo.
He was real unhappy, and that wasn't working out.
And Stu Barnes, you know, Pittsburgh gave up on Stu.
They thought he could only score goals on a power play.
They kind of gave up on him a little bend.
He was in a real scoring slump.
And I think it would be fine.
I think that'll work out good.
Yeah, Mario.
Because Buffalo needs a guy.
They don't need all the toughness.
They need somebody to score some goals.
And then I don't think anybody on the power play.
Your buddy, Jody had one right out of the stick last night too.
He blew it.
But, hey, anyway, Neil, great listening.
Okay, and have a great day.
Okay, we have an open line in two of them in a day.
So Stu Barnes goes to Buffalo for Matthew Barnaby.
I like that trade.
That's a good trade.
It's a trade that's good for both teams.
Unless, of course, it's our team.
It would trade that's only good for us.
Like Palm Valley Brewery for a special ed.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, and the Diggand Newt Salary.
And Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T Rental Slime.
And then we're talking today about WTMJ and Milwaukee.
Well, actually, the resistance station, WTMJ.
They used to carry them Milwaukee Braves games,
the original Milwaukee Braves.
They were like years and years ago,
not the Brewers, not the Atlanta Braves, a zillion years ago.
Isn't that TMJ?
I do believe it is.
6, 80 or something like that on your dial.
That's where the TMJ came from.
And once they got that, they couldn't announce it anymore.
They moved the team to Atlanta.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
You're not going to believe this, Neil.
I actually got fired this morning only because I quoted your words
that you said yesterday over the radio.
Hi, so, how do you believe that?
Yeah, actually got fired because I said,
Joe Demagio is a nobody in front office
and the big boss actually fired me.
How can he fire you for saying that?
I don't believe this.
You're right.
I don't believe this.
I don't believe this.
I don't believe this.
You're right.
I don't believe this.
You're right.
I don't believe this.
Over 60 per side, 60 per side, 60 per side.
Are you ready for the nearly 50 depots?
We are going to use the
same
to your spots where they're trying to destroy your lives.
Go out there and rest some dangerous drivers, okay?
Do something about it.
Stop what all of them radar with all the speed traps.
They're never gonna stop.
Very, very sad.
It's very depressing and then again, you know,
we got all the cops in town listening to the show.
90% of them love me.
10% of them hate me like poison.
But the bottom line is the truth.
The good cops don't believe in all that speed trap crap.
That's not law enforcement.
That's not what they got into it for.
Just sit around under a bush with a goddamn radar gun.
And by the way, don't get that radar gun too close to your testicles either.
Okay, guys?
Gals?
5,6,7,0,5,60,
pound 5,60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We should have 8,000 line calls on you right now about my jaw.
What are the cops from that speed trap set that they're not there anymore?
Oh, thank you.
Here's a mobile in Dave's, Davey.
Hello?
Yeah, it's me, you row.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I've never do some Dakota in it.
Okay, okay.
Let's all, geez, we're really desperate now.
Paul Harvey, Jr.
It's gotta be a bad day.
Yeah.
It's gotta be talking to you again.
It's like five minutes ago, it seems there was that Mark Benson.
That was Mark Benson.
This is like gallbladder world all over again.
I have to ask you one question.
Yeah.
When you walk barefoot, you just crunch your toes.
No.
No, I do not.
Because usually TMJ is a sign of bad posture, especially when you walk.
Oh, I do have bad posture.
I have very bad posture.
And you want to know what?
You know what?
A lot of this come in fact, I'm glad you said that because I said in this for the last
13 months, I've been sitting the wrong way and I got a great chair here from one of our
former sponsors.
But the, and I got a mic stand that I can extend out.
Okay, I have a coronal extension on it and I've been hunching over it and you just see
this guy and all that bad watching a great while while he only did that.
But I tried to figure like with the gallbladder, you know, listen, listen.
Hey, I'm my gallbladder's fine.
Wherever it's a layer of.
You remember?
Wherever it is.
You remember the suffering you went through after you had that thing out?
In fact, those were the original Rolling Stones.
They were playing marbles with him over there at Mount Sinai.
Well, let me tell you.
I've done much the last nine marbles to go have that done.
I just go and doctor hunger.
In fact, Ed Capital is there betting the over is in onerous.
You know, he helped get me kicked out of Sinai.
Who did?
Dr. Unger.
What do you mean by that?
The long story.
I don't want to hear it.
Yeah.
It's probably boring as that Mark Benson call.
Let's kill this show by the way, Mark.
If your material on waxy is good as what you did to me this morning, you're done.
Are you familiar with where your center of gravity is when you walk?
In my rectum?
No, seriously.
Well, what do you mean the center of gravity?
No, where, what does that mean?
What kind of a...
Where are your balances?
Usually, people with TMJ are leaning too far forward.
Their center of gravity is too far forward.
And it causes everything in the jaw to tighten up the compensate.
I'm telling you, if you put our thought, this is going to make absolutely no sense.
Now, I'll ask you this.
TMJ, if you're grinding your teeth at night, does it necessarily mean...
Is that the same as TMJ?
Do you have that if you're grinding your teeth?
Usually, it means because they're stressed in that area that you grind.
Stress?
Yeah.
Right.
In that area, muscular stress.
When I'm talking to anything else.
Right.
It's usually with orthotics, change your center of gravity a little bit to push your center
of gravity back.
How about some magnets to put in my mouth?
No, I do.
I got sucked into that same thing with a 20-pound install.
What a joke.
And they leave the...
Only took me nine months to get my foot recovered from that from the goddamn magnets
from my ash doctor.
But I'm telling you, somebody will verify it.
A doctor...
Verify what?
What have you said?
About your center of gravity and your posture having to do with TMJ.
But this mouth guard craft and surgery, that's a much a horse craft.
I'm telling you, that has to do with your posture.
It has to do with your abdominal muscles being a little weak and your lower back muscles
being a little weak.
You know, over the counter when you...
You know, leaving over the dead.
Well, I'm leaning over this counter for four hours every day and it's killing me.
I just now finally set up like a man straight into chair and pulled the microphone back
to me and now I feel better already.
Listen, more to you like that.
I'm going to do the mouth guard because then I'll feel like Ray Whitney.
Don't I look a little like Ray Whitney?
A lot like before and after.
I'm following her back there.
What is it?
I'm excited about Renera Yuzavoga.
Here's another one.
Goodbye to Nepo.
Goodbye, Jeff DeFloris.
Here you go.
Here's another one.
Have a good day.
No, have a good...
He blew it.
Boy, he is a mess, you know?
Ever since he drank that curative, he's never been the same again.
Ever since he ran off with that J, what's his name?
The juicy man?
Look at it.
It's really only 26, but looks about 87.
Open line and date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 6.
Yeah, this is the way to be doing the show for Christ's Sakes.
Listen to how much better I even sound.
I've been hunched over to chair for 13 months here.
Hunching over this thing.
It's because it's not built the way it should be.
They better do a better job upstairs.
So what did he say about us being up there?
He came in here, Greg, where are you at?
But he said, what do you say about us moving Monday?
Do we know if we're moving upstairs?
No.
We do know.
Yeah, we're moving.
We're moving on Monday.
All right.
Like the Jefferson's.
We're moving uptown, baby.
We're going up to the turd floor.
With all those losers.
I mean, with all those great people up there.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Goodbye, old blue light.
You finally died.
Welcome back to the right pack as they choose you up
from your tisky to the worms in your tongue.
There's no more here.
Now that your life is done,
you won't need your gun cut.
You leave the busy stirring the sauce for you
with a pound of cuckoo-cuckoo-cuff-cuckoo.
And if you're appearing tonight at the stand of the sky
you'd think Jackie can't see.
I'll beat her lawful.
We'll know where all the other frogs will be.
I'm a day to be over.
More moving and far through your life.
It's me that can't go playin' about it anymore.
What the hell, both of you died.
Goodbye, old blue light.
They had to the guidance.
She's already gone to salmigee in Tana and...
Part two for saving Jorger air by using his...
We've hacked your casket with something...
That you ought to think like...
The garbage for the narrow-elong with some food for thee.
And the paraplasis for the O'Breeze.
We should've taken it by time,
but no God knew to survive how much you know still alive.
And that's a joy that he's alive,
but only looks like death.
How the truth is through before the outside thrones is dead.
We too picked an action, there's evil.
But I think, frankly, okay...
Oh God, we got to bed news.
We just had a call from St. Peter.
He said, you know, all you people that are going up to heaven,
all your souls that are going up there,
said it's really hard to recognize you without the body.
So if you're thinking about making a troop up there,
please try to bring the body along, okay?
So they really know who's...
When you get to the purly gates, they know who's been naughty and nice.
They're having a bitch of a time.
We have an open line in Broward, 56670560 and 0.560 on the mobile one line.
Is a problem.
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Oh, Neil, hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, first of all, WTMJ.
That stands for the Milwaukee Journal.
Oh, Milwaukee.
There you go.
Right, and they've carried the pack...
You must have had a job problem.
Yeah, evidently, but a long time ago.
And I think they carry the packers and probably the Milwaukee Brewers.
They're packing it, yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
They have for a long time.
And you talked about your job.
My son has that.
Really?
Yeah, he's had one of those monsters made for several years now.
And it helps?
Oh, definitely.
Oh, thank God.
Oh, yes, yes.
Thank God.
I mean, Paul Herbert Jr. says, oh, that's a bunch of crap.
Oh, no.
He asked to always be the chigger in the wood pile.
No.
Always try to give it a song and a dance about no matter what you do.
It's a...you know, you just got to drink a lot of carrot juice and walk like a man.
No, no.
I don't know about the carrot juice, but those...the thing really works.
Yeah, I never knew that that was his problem, but he's been grinding his teeth and the
dentist said, do it.
Yeah.
And it helps definitely.
Oh, definitely.
And he has to wear it all the time, right?
Well, yeah, at night.
I mean, he said occasionally, you know, he'll find it on the floor in the morning, but, you
know, generally it's him as well.
He'll find it on the floor in the morning?
He's a restless place for what can I say?
God.
How old is he about four?
No, he's 28.
28?
Yeah.
And he wears a mouthguard?
Well, he is.
You're older than that.
I'm twice that old.
Yeah.
I'm going to be right.
Good point.
Yeah, it's a good idea because, you know, they're going to taste.
I don't know if you want to get a lot of a box.
Yeah, that's hygienous.
She said, well, you weren't.
I'm down to like a nub.
Yeah, exactly.
I said, I already got one nub.
I don't need anymore.
Okay, listen, have a great taste.
Wait, I got to tell you.
Go ahead.
Oh, first of all, did you see our garfunkel?
It's going to be here at Gulf Stream this weekend?
No.
Yeah.
It's something that actually somebody might want to go see our garfunkel.
Yeah.
Yeah, this weekend.
And when you talked about the groups, and I didn't hear all the music that you talked about,
but did you mention Buddy Holly and the cricket?
Sure did.
Oh, good.
I hope so because I thought they were going to be there.
Do you want to go find Buddy Holly?
Well, I can't help talking to you now.
It's hard to do now.
Right.
But you still look great.
Okay.
Have a great taste, we've heard.
You still have.
We're off to that plane, especially with Roger Magdalens flying it.
We have an open line and Dave one in Broward.
Six, seven, oh five, 60.
Well, that's the Waxie staple.
They're a sure-up tight, huh?
They're sure-up tight.
Yeah, just loosen up a little bit.
Okay, guys, there's nobody listening anyway.
Loosen up a little bit.
Wish all the best to Henry Barrel.
That's, you know, when anybody else that's working over there,
that's a good person.
Is there anybody that we know who's in that category?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Meal, how you doing?
Great.
I'm getting up straight.
You know, when you're fat, you have real bad posture, you know what?
Have you ever seen a fat person with good posture?
No.
Because we slump forward.
Because I mean, if you're fat-like in a, like in a puppet, like I am,
all my fat is in my stomach.
I just want to know what the whole posture has to do with TNJ.
I don't, I don't see the connection.
It has to do with the musk yellow, skeletal structure of the body.
Yeah.
The neck sound impressive.
Yeah.
Because the shoulder bone connected to the neck bone and the neck bone connected to the jaw bone,
that sounds pretty good.
I think that's right.
I think that's true.
Let me tell you, my twin brother's suffer from that.
That is the worst you can have.
I can't even chew a piece of gum.
Thank you, Chuck.
Chuck, Chuck, just brought me a great lunch from the sub-center.
You can't chew a piece of gum.
No, I can't even chew.
My doctor said, don't be too well-known gum.
I don't see a thank god I don't chew gum anyway.
So good luck, came in.
I hope, I hope you don't go that way.
Because you know what?
Oh, I do go that way.
You know what's going to happen?
I'm going to be like this.
Is that not going to be able to speak?
Yeah.
That's right.
Well, good luck to me.
All right.
Thanks, pal.
Good luck to me.
I'm not going to be able to speak.
Uh-oh.
There you go.
Mama always warm me.
Oh, what's going to happen if you lose your ability to speak?
Well, I guess you're going to be out every month, huh?
I swear you're going to be out on the street.
Nursing home.
Oh, yeah.
There's that sound again.
Keeps coming back to mind.
Nursing home.
What is that name?
Why does that thing keep wrestling?
In fact, those nights when I think about nursing homes, I sleep like a child.
No gnashing of teeth.
No problem at all.
I don't know what that is.
Maybe it's worth a try, huh?
Oh, God.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
I know.
Listen to TMJ.
Okay.
I had it.
You sound like you know what you're talking about.
It's about time.
We got somebody who really made this stuff.
I had it when I was, you know, a few years ago.
Yeah.
And you got rid of it?
Well, a little bit.
I'll tell you what.
What you need to do is basic.
Basically, the problem that causes TMJ.
80% of the time is the fact that your teeth are out of whack.
Basically, your top teeth don't match with your bottom.
Maybe I need a front end alignment.
Exactly.
What they do is you go to the dentist and then they grind your teeth down in order to have the top match with the bottom.
Oh, they don't want to grind my teeth anymore.
They're already, he said they're in grind.
I know because you've been doing it.
That's, they see that's your body trying to adjust itself.
But that you've got to get that done.
And actually in the worst case is like I had to do it a few years ago.
I had to go through orthodontics.
And then get your teeth in alignment with each other.
And then after that, I went through the grinding down to have the top aligned with the bottom.
That improved it like 80%.
Really?
Yeah, I still have to wear a night card though in order to protect the teeth because I still grind the teeth.
When you had this thing, did you have like pains in the jaw and in the neck?
Horrible pain.
Horrible pain.
Horrible.
Yeah, pain behind the eyes from the headaches.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And then I got doctors that can't diagnose but between the audience and my dentist, now we're getting this straightened out.
How am I bringing the patch atoms, doctors out there?
Right.
Well, you know, like I said, you've got to go to a dentist that knows because a lot of these dentists don't, you know, they know how to, you know, do cavities and stuff.
But they don't know about, you know, about the mouth itself, you know, on the teeth and everything.
You got to go to a dentist and know how to align the teeth and grind it down properly.
Well, I'm going to talk to Dr. Gary on Tuesday about that.
See if he wants to grind it.
Do that.
Have a great day, pal.
Thanks, Neil.
Yeah, congratulations.
Okay, but whatever you did, he did it, pay. He grounded.
He's grinding it.
We have it open line of day five six seven oh five sixty.
As we speak with clinched teeth.
I do feel better sitting up here like this.
God, and you know, I had a great food day yesterday.
I got on the scale this morning and same didn't lose an ounce.
Oh, I haven't even told the ice cream stories yet.
Two of them yours in line.
Boy, wait, see, and you people sometimes you think I exaggerate about things like that and that I overdo it.
And I wanted, you know, to be a bastard and not true.
People just don't get my, we're not going to make no 10,000 on the doubt today.
By the way, now finally we're back in the, oh, now it's down again down 83 cents.
The Dow next day, taking a plumding down 39 this morning.
Start off like we don't want to do it today anyway.
Let's do it on Monday when we move upstairs the eyes of March.
Yeah, we want to do our little Ben and Jerry Jerry store.
You got a dental floss.
With stay in school.
Don't go out on your own.
Because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home.
Search all around but you won't see.
See, oh, with the G.E.
When nothing's on pairs to the marvelous feeling of making butter patties stick to the ceiling.
Oh, black smoke it in the bathroom making out a novel.
Or hitting a fat kid with a speeding dodge ball.
Yeah, I remember that way.
And throw a paper wand with a fire alarm.
Blow up the toilet with a cherry bomb.
Dice a cup of frog in biology class.
Find yourself a nerd and what's your name?
What do you be a hit in chemistry?
When you make a class of bachelor lessons.
Start off who tried to milk out your nose.
Or when you go to school.
What anything goes.
Stay in school.
Don't go out on your own.
Because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home.
Search all around but you won't see.
See, oh, with the G.E.
Search all around but you won't see.
See, oh, with the G.E.
16th class 60.
I'll tell you about a CEO with a brain.
It's a John Henry, the new owner of the Marlins.
The reason I say that's somebody just packed me this story.
He attended his first game in Melbourne on Tuesday.
Notice the lights on the scoreboard that indicate ball striking outs.
We're so dim the fans could barely see them.
The lights have been in space because stadium opened in 1994.
It's been a constant problem but I've only waned it and cared.
Henry didn't just notice the problem.
He took care of it.
On Wednesday, new green lights were on the scoreboard.
After five years, fans and writers in a press box could easily read the ball and strike count.
As soon as the green lights went on, everybody said, oh, the big guy was in town.
They said, so John Bowles.
How do you like that?
Now if you just get John Henry to buy the Panthers or at least buy the Macarena.
And go over there and see that all depending on where you sit.
Most people can't see the goal light or the green light when it comes on the end of the period.
When a goal is scored, whatever.
Come on, John Henry.
We need your help because Wayne is too damn cheap to spend the money for the life ball.
Unbelievable.
By the way, you know, this is Eddie.
He's just starting up again today.
So George would like you to even call because he's lonely.
954.
Well, yeah, he's obviously looking for some companionship.
954.
806.
4423.
If you want to speak to this is Eddie.
Yeah, maybe get some pointers from him.
806.
4423 on his mobile phone.
Wow, I'm impressed.
Isn't that something that somebody can afford a mobile phone?
He's got this is Eddie.
I think Italy was material.
Very good, Eddie.
Oh, maybe it's special Eddie.
Here's a mobile in Cooper City.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Good afternoon.
You know, I wish John Henry all the luck in the world, but I don't think anybody cares about the Marlons.
No, I think I think so.
I just like the fact he faced the lights.
I don't care about the Marlons.
Well, yeah, like you say, you keep your pie fixed the goal light to be a arena.
That was my point, yeah.
And they're big super star Alex Fernandez if he wins four or five, he's gone.
Yeah, I think so.
You think so?
Oh, I think so.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And you know, like I said, nobody cares.
In fact, I've had several people come up to me this past week and say we can't believe they're, you know, even in fact Richard the tracks are last night about putting these exhibition ball games on at 1250, which next week, Thursday and Friday, we got baseball games 1250.
You love those, Neil.
I do.
You're right.
I know it's a ratings killer, but you know, I don't care.
I mean, they don't care.
So why the hell should I care?
Not your choice.
That's right.
I like the one I just two hour and 50 minute chill.
I want to ask you a question.
Yes.
Who's trying to, who's saying that song chocolate salted balls?
Chocolate salty balls.
It's um, the best, the best song in the world.
Chef from South Park.
Oh, that's, oh, that's from South Park.
Why you're smoking?
Yeah, it's from the South Park CD.
Chef aid.
So that's a new song.
Chef aid is named the CD and chef is the name of the character from South Park.
It sings chocolate salty balls.
PS.
I love you.
I mean, it's the song.
I'm not saying a PS.
I'll just start watching that stupid.
There you go.
It's a big hit.
And you're up, but of course it's not a big hit over here because not very many stations have the salty balls to play it.
Chef, I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it on Zeta early one more.
Yeah, George has got this thing with Isaac Hayes.
You know, you're going to get the chef, mister.
If you don't stop with his eyes, the case grab.
And what about Al Green and Barry White?
Do you like them, Neil?
No.
Neither one.
I put them both in the same category.
Okay.
Okay.
They were good.
Good to listen to in the bar, Neil.
Okay.
There you go.
If you were really smashed.
Okay.
Have a great day and see how to Steve Nicol.
Thank you.
Al Green and Barry White.
Oh.
I'd rather listen to Barry Mantle and I'd rather be dead than hear him.
We have an open line of day one in Brad.
We're talking tooth talk today.
Well, let's straighten everybody's teeth out.
And of course, see the problem is because God also being the sadist that he is.
Made it a genetic kind of a thing that we have all these things that we do, like involuntarily.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like when you have like a sore on your gum like that or anything in your mouth, your tongue keeps like going over there and looking at and the sore too.
I mean, you don't even, you're not thinking about it.
You're not doing it consciously.
It's just part of our, you know, one of those things.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Making mumbling sounds that we can't even hear.
Not even a good crank call because we can't hear you, asshole.
Open line of day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Another 12 year old kid is boyfriend left him evidently.
Here's Helen Dale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
First fine callers.
Colombian.
Colombian.
Yeah.
Oh boy.
Don't call him by the way.
Don't call any still call.
You better keep his phone busy.
806 44 23.
And Neil, I don't want to change the subject here.
I'm going to have to look at those, those orders they want to kill about the kid who got his finger bit enough.
They want to do what?
Kill some orders.
No, I don't know anything about it.
Okay, we have an open line indeed five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty.
And he's the first time, Connor, the sour.
Here's a mobile in Pompo, no, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Ray Whitney, look alike with TMJ.
Yeah.
What's going on?
Your way, we wouldn't need look alike.
I've been mistaken for him a couple times.
I believe that.
Well, I apologize.
I had it in high school.
My parents spent about $8,000 to find out what my headaches were caused from.
Huh.
The cat scans every kind of special.
How do you like that?
And then my check up at the dentist asked me if I was having headaches.
I said, yeah, so he's putting me in the head.
Well, he might have said anything about the headaches yesterday.
I didn't realize that.
So in other words, this is all connected together.
Everything.
All of the things.
I don't think it puts the lotion in my basket.
Right.
And I don't have the grinding of the teeth.
I just had the real bad headaches.
And they fit me with a brace because it was an ice-cold.
I was playing baseball, lifting weights, and that stress that I put on the back of my jaw
from biting down and clenching.
Well, how do you know you didn't have the grinding of the teeth in your sleep?
How do you know that?
I don't know.
How do you know that?
Because my dentist told me because they're worn down, and I'm not doing it consciously during the daytime.
Oh.
If it's not happening while you're awake, it's happening while you're asleep.
And the process of elimination.
Right.
The first day you get fitted and you wear the thing, you're going to start sounding like Brian Murray.
So don't get nervous.
Well, no, I don't wear it.
You don't wear it while you're wearing it during the daytime, were you?
Well, yeah, because I had to do it when I was lifting weights and playing sports.
I'm going to start shouting like the cold, Brian Murray.
Like the spokesman?
The first day is the worst.
It gets better than you don't even know you're wearing it.
Maybe I'll try it on the ear for a few days.
Maybe I'll work my up to this sound like guilty.
You're a guy.
I'm going to pray for a foul belt.
There he comes back healthier than never.
Yes, sir.
Hey, congratulations on your maple leaf.
I'm very proud you're stepping on your own.
They're kicking ass, baby.
Two to one.
You know, made a little shaky last night.
They're on a pond, but nevertheless, two to one.
They got 79 points.
I look at the standings there and I see 37 wins.
I see 79 points.
And I think to myself, Pat Quinn is God.
Mike Smith is God and even Kendra, maybe not be all that bad because he's leaving him alone.
Well, they're doing it for you.
And Sergei Beroson is God too.
I'll tell you that, pal.
And I do look like we're in the...
And Derek King and Mike Sullivan and all those glimpses.
Have a great day, Ray.
Thank you.
Okay.
He looks like Ray Whitney.
That's for you.
Two open lines in Broward.
5670560.
Did I leave off Igor Korla?
Did I leave him out?
And Derek King, I mentioned to me, he had a goal last night.
Nice going, Derek.
And of course, Matt Sandine goes without sin and Frederick Maudine.
What a team.
Alan Johnson.
I mean, Mike Johnson, Alan McColley.
Alan Johnson.
He's busy with Pump and O Park trying to get off the rail.
Come on, Alan.
On the outside.
One time, Alan.
No, they won't let you out.
Yeah.
And I love Pump and O Park.
I do have to say this.
You know?
Wouldn't it be nice?
I love Kevin Wallace.
He's a good guy.
He's a great talent.
Bruce Ranger.
There's an underrated guy out of the top.
He's really terrific.
Brucey Ranger.
He's a danger.
But once in a while, let's somebody else.
I mean, even Margaret Goodman, they let her win a race last night.
I'm not going, Margaret.
I'm not going.
I'm not going to let her go, honey.
Whoever she is.
Probably Billy's sister.
But just like spread it up a little bit.
Spread the wealth around a little, guys.
Too much, you know, too many of those $2.80 cent horses.
Here's a mobile in Pemberg Pines.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to talk about these snowbirds from Quebec.
I think it's getting near that time here when I guess they're heading back up North, right?
Is it?
I hope so.
Another couple weeks, I think.
Yeah.
I think once, once Easter, once they clean off the Passover leftovers and once Easter's gone and they've sucked up the last chocolate Easter egg, I think that's it.
Right.
And then they'll drive their schmuckers up with them, right?
So any comments about the, you know, our buddies on Hollywood beach with a little speed-oating thing?
Okay.
We have an open-line of the Broward 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, pound.
You know, you bet it's 1999.
The century, the millennium, they're both almost over.
You better get with the program.
You're dealing with, top the setting Rosenberg.
He'll tell you.
You're digging up material that's older than Methuselah.
That's older than Sunnyboro Rosenberg.
God.
And then see, when people like that call and they're knocking anybody else, even the frogs, who is this guy to knock anybody?
Talk about a lack of material as in your speed-o.
25 past noon to 5, 60, WQ.
Wasn't I just telling you how much I love Pompadot Park?
I don't know.
You had a good time there last night.
See, it's another one of those places.
It's kind of like Vegas.
I mean, not quite like Vegas.
Not as main neon lights.
But you go to Pompadot Park and even if you lose your ass like we did last night, you have a great time.
And we rich.
We have a good time.
No.
Yeah, we did.
Have a great time.
Oh, and I haven't told the ice cream story yet.
Well, I'll get to that later in a minute.
No, that's important.
Derek, you're a great guy, Derek.
But catapult is taking it.
Oh, oh, jeez.
See, keep on coming.
George, George.
Well, I was drunk out on drugs, and I peoped on the road
because I was bailed with his liquor and looted.
We can't walk in the mail with a car to the sand
and I'm a friend of Bill W.
Even if Ben Pallow would just be there in the air
you're better than true.
Your business on three years
cause you're sitting in a beer
with a woman who's got a hammer too.
If she was a friendly,
she wants to give it 12 steps.
Give it 12 steps.
Give it 13, maybe more.
Try to brush off the knob for my shoulder.
Turned out it was the floor.
I will, I give it to you.
Won't you give it 12 steps?
Give it 12 steps.
Give it 13, maybe more.
No.
I'm getting real tired of throwing my pages.
Then blowing one point four.
Grab me in the bean time.
12, maybe more.
W.
Kim Bo Kampere in for Hank Goldberg
from the Honda Golf Classic
and Croquet Classic 2-6 this afternoon.
Boog Shobby 6-9-30,
who'll be eating a few meals on the air.
He's learned from us.
Don't be eating no more, Boog.
Not this year.
Take this year off from eating, okay?
Just a little water.
Just a little sip.
He'll be on 6-9-30.
Then 9-30, then we got NCAA basketball.
Texas and Purdue.
Any doubts who are rooting for an FK Texas Purdue?
No.
We root for the Big Ten team, right?
We root for those Southern red Nucky teams like Texas.
The Long Horns.
So anyway, this ice cream story.
See how she didn't say that.
Because it blows the whole thing.
I guess that's the end of that story.
Well, that make any difference.
So George has got a story that he went home and he was doing his
adkins yesterday and was, well, which, I don't, with you,
it makes no difference to me anyway.
Because you're a little shrimpy guy that weighs about 10 pounds.
Little migits like you that tell you give me a song
and then the fat shows up even though I'm going with it.
Well, I have no sympathy, okay?
Being a big fat slob that I am.
But nevertheless, George was trying to have a good weight day.
And lo and behold, his lovely wife Crystal had surprise waiting for him.
No, not saying bitch.
Yeah, right.
Oh, that was you did that.
I didn't do it.
Boy, it's going to be a really good video.
I know we can do it.
I'm a very nice guy.
It's chronic.
What?
Eddie's still calling.
Listen, why waste of time?
Okay, don't even dignify him.
Even these people I want to talk to him.
So at any rate, she has not only won, but two pints have been in juries
that she's brought home because she figured George is always scouring the house
looking for chocolate.
And even though he's happy when he finds that it's not there,
nevertheless, she's being nice.
So there was one pint for her and one pint for George,
which he ate almost the work of labor was it by the way?
Fish food, of course.
It was fish food.
Oh, my God.
So anyway, last night, we were at the track and I had a bowl of soup
and I'm drinking water and diet soda the whole night.
In fact, Rich has his meal with shrimp.
I give him credit.
He had a steak.
He was somewhat unreasonable behavior for him.
He didn't eat too much.
And our friend, Derek, who joins us at the track was a great guy,
even without caterpillar stocks going back in the toilet again today.
Oh, look at it.
I had a half and just came up down five and three eighths.
I should have sold it yesterday when I had a chance you jackass you, Neil.
You're an idiot.
Yes, I am.
But nevertheless, it'll come back.
So anyhow, Derek shows up about 10 after 70 walks in.
He comes out of the table there in the dining room and he's got a plastic public's bag in his hand.
Okay.
Now, this is the same Derek who last season,
when we were during the summer meet, I get down on the fourth floor.
I brought a whole bunch of pastries.
Remember, he brought all kinds of, you know,
and they brought a lot of those pastries sugar-free that are loaded with sorbetol and all that other good stuff.
Yeah, that was last summer and he said, hey, try some of this.
It'll make you shit.
Yeah.
And sick too.
And it did.
So now he brings a bag and I can see, I can already see what's in the bag.
I can see the outline of two points of Ben and Jerry's ice cream.
And with a big smile on his face, Derek says, hey, look at it.
I had a stop at this door.
I just had to bring you something good.
I mean, see, I know why Derek does this because he wants to be a nice guy, you know?
He's already, you're already a nice guy, Derek.
We love you.
You're a great guy.
You're fun.
You don't tout us in any bad horses.
You're quiet.
He's just, he's just great.
He's a kind of guy.
You want to be at the track.
He's a racetrack guy.
Great.
We don't need you to bring us anything.
So he opens up the bag and here's a pie.
And of course, I didn't even see what kind of one was.
But the other one was chocolate cheering our sea of frozen yogurt.
He said, oh, well, one is ice cream, but I know you're trying to cut down on the fat.
So I brought to the yogurt.
I grabbed the two points and I turned them around.
Where do the ingredients start?
I said, look at this.
The ice cream one, carbohydrates, grams per serving, 26.
Which in a pint there's got to know like maybe eight servings.
They say whatever, like about 200 grams of carbs.
I said, okay, let's look at the frozen yogurt.
Grants per serving, 39.
More of that low fat bull crap propaganda.
I put them back in the bag.
I said, take this down to your friends on the fourth floor.
And please, Derek, don't ever do this again.
Please, please, I'm begging you, Derek, you're a great guy.
You're killing us.
Neil and Fat Rich, the last two people in the world.
Two fat, diabetic old Jews.
The last two people in the world need to, it reminds me of that story I told about the famous.
When we're going to reopen the famous restaurant there in Dania.
Remember that?
That pink palace that with the guy and his wife who had the leg amputated.
Seriously, they both, I remember what their names were.
They can't possibly be alive anymore.
They were going to reopen the famous and I went in there and wanted some kishki.
Oh, well, we got a thought out that it'll be about ten hours come back.
That sure didn't last too long.
But forgetting about the fact, you know, and so what do they have?
They're sitting there having appetizer with me.
They're having a chocolate.
What do they call that?
What is that in New York thing?
With the, with the, with the shelter and the chocolate.
What the, what the, that's a real cream?
And egg cream.
How do you know that?
I love egg cream.
Not me.
I don't even like that crap.
But anyway, they're having this and they're pouring the Hershey.
I'm getting the Hershey squirts just watching them pouring the Hershey syrup in these egg creams.
And one guy sitting there, I can't remember whether he's the guy or the wife had the leg amputated
because they're both diabetics.
I mean, I grant you, I've been on diabetics for like 11 years and I've been eating all this fish food and junk,
which has made me very sick now.
That's part of it.
I'm sure maybe my jaw's falling off from eating all that fish food.
But, but the fact is, I haven't had a leg amputated yet.
Wouldn't you, wouldn't you think, you know, we always talk about getting the good scare, you know, losing some weight?
Wouldn't you think that once your diabetes was so bad that they had an amputated leg?
Maybe that might just like send a message?
No.
No.
No.
Let's have another chocolate egg cream, Dolores.
Or whatever her name was.
God.
It couldn't possibly be alive anymore, could they?
Do you think?
No.
I doubt it.
It's Friday, you first, dude.
Oh, right.
I'm so horny for you.
Will you stop praising me?
No.
What needs, don't you?
I'm so horny for you.
Won't you please tell, get me off?
Look, I don't touch.
I want you to strip down your bare skin.
Coat yourself with lard.
Oh, baby, I want you to.
My penis was standing straight up.
Hello, so hard, I now got blue.
Boat.
I just want to do you.
I don't you help.
Get me off.
Over.
Up 44-560 WQM.
So anyway, the Greg Regis brought me down the new times.
Thanks to whoever brought this any mention who brought it in.
And I wasn't paying much attention.
Robert, Greg and Paul.
Oh, thank you, Robert.
So at any rate, I should have mentioned who brought it in because I noticed Greg said to me there's some stuff clipped out.
I noticed in where it's got the best gay bars.
Some of that stuff's been clipped out.
So whoever had this, maybe making some plans for the weekend.
Well, I'm just telling you what's clipped out.
Yeah, look at that.
Best gay clubs bars.
Glory, whole section, that's clipped out.
Huh?
What does that mean?
I'm just telling you what it is.
He what he had to me said.
Some of it's clipped out.
I don't know what I'm telling you what it's all about.
Somebody's looking for something.
Somebody's looking to have a great time this weekend.
We know that.
You're looking for glory hole evidently.
So where's the media stuff here?
See, I don't think any of the good stuff is left in here.
I think this is going to turn out to be kind of like Greg himself, useless.
I don't see anything.
Best rock concert, best red gay band, best gay band, best diva, best venue for live music, the chili pepper.
I mean, most of the stuff, the best neighborhood bar in Palm Beach, Gatsby's Palm Beach.
Oh, give me a break.
Best strip joint.
Chita three in Palm Pato Beach.
Chita three in Palm Pato Beach.
Up there where all the hookers hang out there.
I'm 31st Avenue.
It says no gimmicks, no bells or whistles.
Just beautiful women stripping on three stages continuously until lights come up with the ladies drain your wallet, whichever comes first.
Little plan words there, I guess.
Best sports bar, hot shots bar and vigorous and sunrise.
Best, what?
Oh, no, there's nothing in here that we want.
Where's the good stuff?
Where's all the performers, the TV?
Oh, here we go, like I said.
Here's some of it, I think most of it.
Best place to watch 14 year old girls with short green hair, mashing, club queue and Davy.
That's the pits.
Best parking musician, best comedy club, best radio station, WKPX FM Piper High School.
Oh, I would agree with that.
Not even a contest.
The only station in town on FM Readers' Choice WPBZ FM The Buzz.
That's got to be Palm Beach as in PB.
See, this is the problem when they lump.
This is the Sun Tentals problem always has been.
They lump, broward and Palm Beach together.
What they don't understand is that those of us who live in Broward,
it's a date in Broward are like as much as we hate to admit it.
We're like connected.
Palm Beach is alien, it's like a wannabe, it's like an appendage.
You know, like a little tiny appendage.
Best local rock band, Creast.
Every hit of Creast?
Are they good?
They said it's a bit that we could never play.
Something dirty, good, I like them.
It's filthy.
So where is all of them?
That's it.
This thing goes on.
And then it just ends.
I think it's all been ripped down here.
Right?
It starts right by the gate bars and gate clubs and glory holes are.
And that's where it ends.
So it's nice that we got a partial, but that's about all we got.
Is it like the guy with Dennis was going to say, I'll give you a partial.
I said, I already got one of those.
Here, whatever, whatever he said, we have no idea.
Nobody really cares.
What he said, he said he's a pissed off and fired up.
Something like that.
Open line in the two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
and 0.5, 60 on the mobile one line.
So don't they bring a no more ice cream in the track?
Please, Derek, no more food.
We can get all the food we want there.
And guess what?
They got ice cream and we don't have to pay for it.
They treat us great there.
We wind and die and whatever we want.
Which last night we were on our best behavior, even the fat man.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I have a request on a question and then ask me about my cranberry.
My request is that you could do the lotion, the basket.
No.
You're not?
And my question is, I don't want to put too much in there.
Okay.
You can't sit up so much.
You always find them, I think, a lot of people don't know what to talk about.
Good.
What is the glory hole?
What is a glory hole?
Yeah.
What is a glory hole?
You've never, you're being honest with me, sir.
Yes.
How old are you?
36.
36.
You've never been in a public restroom where there like, you know, several sit down toilets together there.
Right.
And like a wood where the dividers are made out of wood.
Right.
And you've never been in a restroom that had a whole drilled through the,
you know, I'm all for no.
You've never been in a, well, okay, hang on and you're going to get your dress will send it to the new times.
Okay.
Oh, that's right.
The guy took that section out, whoever brought this in.
Sorry, Robert.
We have an open line of day one at Broward, five six seven, oh five 60 and pond five 60 on the mobile.
This guy's pulling my leg.
Is there anybody really that naive?
They're guys that pretty, it's like, well, what's graffiti, you know?
The people really write graffiti on the restroom walls.
No.
Did you see the bus of those two guys?
Yes.
Now, you know, it's interesting in Amsterdam.
There are areas where they encourage them that were they're allowed to do and there's some beautiful graffiti.
But I mean, it's not like in a residential place, but it's like out in the open, you know what I'm talking about?
But I'll tell you guys that take those spray cans and go graffiti all over the place.
I say electrochairs when I say, we get a good, a twin cedar for those two kids.
Oh, they weren't recognized enough.
I read the article this morning, they weren't getting enough recognition.
Crook and chrome.
Yeah, crook and chrome.
Recognition for what?
I say stick there as both in chrome, the tangent center.
This is what I say.
Let them see how much graffiti they can spray on the barbed wire.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Mobile and Hollywood.
Okay, that was good.
That was great.
What do you wait about half an hour for that 500 minutes?
That was good.
Make it on a year.
I don't think so.
Open line of day one and brown.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Glad you're enjoying the show pal.
Have a great weekend.
Okay, don't put too many of those in your mouth either.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
God, I'm telling you man.
Some of you guys out there, some of you real macho guys.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to stand in the other three and a half years.
But I think so.
I'm pretty guided in confident of it.
Boy, I mean, just a pussy, just a little pansy.
With really weak candy ass material, man.
God, are you a silly goose?
And anybody knows guys that come up with stuff like that?
You're a faggot.
Anybody knows that?
You're a flaming, flaming faggot.
In fact, this is the guy that takes the pneumatic drill into the restrooms.
That's right.
He's got a battery operated one and a drill too.
Drill and glory holes wherever he goes.
Here's a mobile and store.
Hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I was channel surfing the other day.
The other evening, actually.
And I was watching the route at, you know, Jan and Paul and I flipped over.
And all the Roberts has a son, Richard Roberts.
Have you ever seen him?
What's his name?
Richard Roberts?
Yes, I have seen him.
Yes.
Well, he laid his hands and he put his hands on the TV screen and then you can back up to it.
And I was thinking, you know, that right kind of boy.
You can stick your back dome in for your rod.
Yeah.
Well, you had that rash on your foot.
Maybe you could hold your foot up there.
I don't have any rash on my foot.
Hold it.
Go away.
I have a rash on my neck, but thank you.
I'm going to hold my neck up to the TV either below the grocery or Richard Roberts will come on the screen.
Well, these people confused or what?
Up until this moment, I never realized how confused they are.
By the way, in about 45 minutes, I'm going to be going upstairs to do some stuff with that new studio.
And as George is going to do about, what are you going to do for 20 minutes?
I'm going to play Come Set Away by Cartman.
Okay.
I'm going to get the organized and last details we're doing.
I'm going to do up on the third floor.
And yeah, open line and Broward to and date.
Come on.
Let's go here.
We got at least I got about 40, 45 minutes to kill here yet.
We haven't really gotten, you know, basically other than Paul Harvey Jr., they've been thoroughly encouraging about the monthguard for my thing here.
Serally encouraging.
Except the one guy that says, well, they're going to have to, you know, a big operation and put your jaw where your ear used to be and all that other stuff.
I think he was getting a little bit carried away.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello.
Hello, Neil. How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
What a phone. Is this a pay phone?
Yes, sir.
Terrible phone.
I'm very sorry about that.
I can really bear now.
It's got about 20 pounds of cotton and baton in it. Go ahead.
Okay.
Do you know in the movie, the Godfather, that Sonny of it and having all the other women they had had two wives play, two actresses play his wife in the movie?
No.
If you look at the first scene where they're at the wedding, you'll know if there's a couple of short scenes with his wife.
Do you know who that is?
I don't know what her name is.
Rita Moreno.
No.
If you go a little bit further in the movie, when, listen.
Rita Moreno does not play her.
Listen, listen, listen.
No.
When Clementa comes into Sonny's kitchen.
No.
And says the words on the street your father's already dead.
Right.
Take a look at that actress.
No.
No.
Different actress.
Trust me.
It's a different actress from Rita Moreno because she was never, she never played that role in the first place.
Trust me.
She was busy doing the $10,000 pyramid with Dick Clark.
Trust me.
Two groups.
Lighthouse.
I'll go look at it again, but I'm sure you're wrong.
I have.
George George says these positive.
Yes?
Lighthouse at mountain.
Yeah.
Two quality groups.
I'll go with the first one anyway.
Two quality groups.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Okay.
Down to one call here.
How do you like that?
We were rolled on the long singing of the song.
We were really kicking some serious ass here today for Friday.
Or they got some stupid basketball games on our what?
There must be something going on.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Count 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Yeah.
Actually, I was never even dawned on me that we'd been doing almost three hours today.
On the ass end of a week where they've really been very, very short of material.
This whole crowd.
Even though once they were trying to be wise guys, worst material I ever heard in my life.
Just pathetic.
Even a little kids that stand on the street corner waiting for the bus in the morning.
They got better material than you guys.
Here's a mobile in Hialeah.
Hello.
Hi.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
First of all, I'm a 33-year-old man.
I have been happily married.
I've never heard of a glory hole until you explain that.
Oh, come on.
Never.
You've never seen that?
No, I've never had.
And when you see that, I almost drove off the road.
I was laughing so hard.
Yeah.
It's not that unusual.
I've never heard anything.
No, I would not say God bless me.
I've got only knows what I was talking about the other day.
Who knows what's on the other side, you know?
Right.
But the other thing I was talking about is looking for a strange, but anyway.
Right.
You were talking about all the best places that they have been the Broward and West Palm.
I actually have a club that's listed in there in the best.
It's the best comedy club.
And I just wanted to invite you in a, a series show.
No.
No, but give it a plug.
It's the Tonka Funny comedy club in David.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm looking for, oh, look at this best early bird special Chuck Stakehouse, various locations.
You know, something that is a good place, but I just changing neighborhood.
You know, the one in plantation on 441 just out the Broward, Boulevard.
You don't?
Chuck Stakehouse.
That's not your part of town.
I've lived in plantation a long, long time.
You realize that?
I've lived there.
What, about 82 years now?
Man.
And I used to eat there a lot.
That's a pretty good, at least, it used to be.
I hate, I don't want to come on here and say that's a really good place.
all of the magazine's visitors. But that wasn't a pretty good place, but the neighborhood
is just not the same as it used to be. Even the Taco Bell down the street a little bit
there, and I used to go there a lot. Which if you're on the Atkins by the way you can
do Taco Bell, just don't eat the shell at Taco Bell. Just take a long little dog that
hit me that crap. Just eat the stuff and what's inside. Oh boy it's the one to two hours!
That's all for Neil today. The Arlen Tasty play. I'm sure Neil doesn't mind rolling
holes. Now two or three sport holes can hear a deep that blows. And the rest of us would
have to play a turn off the radio. It's hard to pay. It's fall. It's boring and it's
easy to borrow. It's hard to pay. It's fall. And such a god damn hitting. The time for those
who don't like to think. And get excited from recocking. The same. It's hard to pay.
It's fall. Now what gives a f***? We're getting the answer came in. The barbers want their
payments contractual for green. This must be that despite the grading if they have to pay
the bill and hopefully find an audience. The brains are dead. It's hard to pay. It's fall.
Time to make a sandwich. It's fall. I'd rather hear Japan it. Exciting as the sound of
driving. Design for those with trouble. It's fall. More life than that.
One spot open in the road. It's a bunch of fun and onion. It's fall. No one gives a f***.
It's fun. It's a little trick off the third base line. A very good one. It's got five of the third
baseman. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. Okay. It's 102 at 560 WQM. So I finally
got to look in the directory in here. Then you find the thing. It's the way back in the beginning.
All the stuff we're looking for as opposed to those silly best glory whole things that have been
chopped out of here. Best TV news anchor. According to new times. I mean just ridiculous.
Tim Malloy WPEC channel 12. It's a thank God for local news anchors when the world is
called an alien. They brighten this up about official smile and the sterile quip. Carefully
stripped of any age or artificial humor. WFOR Angela Ray is our best friend. Channel
7's Rick Sanchez is our idealized version of a real man big and shameless. It says as in
sarcastic. Tim Malloy is wait a second. Definitely not our best friend. He's not big either.
By the way Rick Sanchez before I go on is not big. He's about two feet tall. Right? You've
met him. He must sit on more phone books than Bob Mayor does. Anyway speaking of Tim Malloy
WPEC. He's a little wouldn't even kind of geeky. Dead pan's there. Steady delivery. His happy
talking and all that happy. Doesn't jump out of the seat when a story breaks they like him.
Okay. The man has credibility because he knows that news like revenge is served best
cool. Readers choice though. Dwight Lauderdale WPLG channel 10. Oh boy. I guess they
don't realize he's aged about 80 years and last few years since he chopped off the mustache.
Best weathercaster. The readers picked Don. No and I agree. But of course generally being a
little bit on a different side. New times they like Chris Dunn channel 7. I don't even
know who the hell that is. You know who that is? Good. Best hotel in Broward,
Lago Mar Resort. Best hotel in Palm Beach. Book over resort and club. Which we can't afford to stay
there. Yeah. Nothing else really all that interesting when you come right down to it. Any other
radio stuff in here besides me and there must be something else here besides me and KPX.
That should tell you a lot about the state of FM about music radio in this time. Like I've
always been telling that. Don't say that because if I thought a good music stage, I turned you
on to it immediately. I'd say boy they're really great. I'd say when you wake up in the
morning on Monday morning, if you don't want to listen to a reneary or a Rick and Suds,
you're going to absolutely fall in love with the. Kill on the blank but it doesn't exist
because there is no good music station. So KPX, a high school station, piper high,
gets the award. Honey like that because music radio in this town is so goddamn bad.
So weak, programmed by imbosils, by simpletons, by quizzlings. Here's a lady in the West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hi, this is Margaret Goodman. Yes, Margaret. How are you doing? Great. That was my big win last night.
Congratulations. How come you didn't tell me before the race? Well, I didn't know.
Boy, you sat there in a pocket and all of a sudden in the straight here came Margaret whipping
and slashing and driving. I never touched that horse with a whip. But it sounds better.
Doesn't sound more exciting that way though. But I let out a scream that I think you can hear
throughout the grand. Now, is that the first race you ever want to pump apart? I want to run
about a month ago with power, man. At pump it on. Yeah, but it wasn't updating. It was a non-dating race.
Now, maybe you can explain this to me because rich in I were talking about this last night.
It's the amateur for the people that don't know, which is almost everybody. It's the amateur driving
series. And now, some of the people that there were like provisional drivers. Right.
But you and Joe Penaccio, of course, who's got his own horses and the drivers a lot, are not
provisional drivers. But what does it mean to be an amateur? Because I know some of the guys who pretend to be
professionals at Poppano believe me they're amateurs. Oh, sure.
That's the side of the point. But what does that mean? What do you mean?
The amateur is a driver who hasn't received any compensation for driving in the last ten years. Right.
So there's a couple of members of our club that actually have their A licenses, have been driven in ten years
and have restarted up that are driving. I think Joe Penaccio, I believe, has his A license.
Yeah. For he may be a P license, I'm not sure. But he has an amateur status.
If he does take a drive for someone else or even on his own horses, he never takes the compensation.
It's donated to charity. How do you like that? And it's great. And right now our whole club is donating all our
drivers to the Florida Standard Brethren Foundation.
So the horses are getting the benefit of that. And we're not far off.
Pro-Answering is making too much money, right? Yeah. And it is so much fun. And people that want to get into it,
all they've got to do is get out of the track and talk to Jay Sears. And he'll get him going on it.
They're teaching everybody. They've got a couple drivers.
Maybe you ought to bring your son Brian in the town for a few days. Brian really could teach him how to drive. He's going great.
Oh, I know. I wish he would. What guys I don't want to tell you anything.
Now don't tell Jay that I said this. Okay. Because he's a real life. I know him. He's a nice guy.
But his family, they talk about jeans that skip a generation. No, seriously. Because his dad, like a James Sears,
is in the Hall of Fame. He was a great driver. And then Jay came along and Jay was like, need a compass in a road map.
And then his son Brian is up there in the meadows. He's great. He's a tremendous driver. Am I right? I don't know. I would want to put you in the spot.
No, that's great.
Well, I think Jay would agree with you. Yeah, he probably would. Congratulations, Margaret.
Next time, let us know ahead of time. Okay. Okay. And tell Joe. I don't I don't race unless I'm going to win.
And tell Joe Panaggio. Thanks for going up in the air there to start the race.
Okay. See you later. Bye. Bye.
Nice calling Joe. We have an open line at day five six seven oh five 60.
Five 60. How do you like that? Margaret Goodman from Poppano Park. You want to race last night? Did we have it? No.
I'll tell you what we had. We had two points about you know something now that I think about it.
No, I can't do that can't be that stuff again. Oh boy. Now they got my jaw to work on.
And in fact, stop and think about it. And I don't I don't know.
But you know the heat and the flushed face because I know all the stuff in the that's all got to be connected. Doesn't it?
Wouldn't you think?
Or do you think that's a combination of two things? You think maybe it was the allergy to the Adelaide with the flush face and the little rash and then the the stress about all of that, the gnashing a teeth that the grinding.
And then all this other stuff. See this is what God does to your boys and girls are your young people out there.
You get a little bit older and all these things start falling apart creaking and crap and out.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. How you doing? They meal great.
I am a long time listener. I go back to you to the day the WTPS. Wow. I wanted to.
First of all, thank you for Bob and Tom. I enjoy listening to the morning. Hey, there's another alternative for the morning. They're great.
They are fantastic. I just I die last and every time I drive in my car with them. Yes, sir. I love Bob and Tom.
Now I'm going on to Las Vegas next week and you've mentioned a state place and I would like to get the name of that Rosewood Grill Rosewood Grill.
Try not to strip. That's great. Reexpensive. Very good. Well, don't mind spending the money if it's good food.
Thanks so much. Have a great day. Have a great time.
Bye bye.
I'll get it right down on my couch.
The sound of Mark Simpson and Miss Piggy having lesbian sex.
Oh, I miss Piggy.
Oh, you're so cute.
Oh, you're so cute.
Oh, my God.
You too. It's like a banana popsicle.
Oh, I'm so excited about that.
Oh, yes. Oh, it can be hard.
It can be hard.
Oh, it's gone.
Oh, it's gone.
Oh, yes.
I wouldn't have come. I wouldn't have come.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
No, let me just do this. You want a pound piece for that or what?
114 is 560 WDQM. We have an open line in date to enbrowered.
560, 7.0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Look at this. Look at one of these mavens on there on CNBC.
Oh, the market is overpriced and we're overlooking this and we're overlooking it.
That's why we're having such a tough time making 10,000 today.
Now, why did they even waste their time with these people?
They bring 15 different people on there.
They got 15 different opinions.
There isn't one of them that was asked from your armpit.
And the Dow is down 24 points.
I mean, I don't think like the sky is falling and the next next time 40, which is a great but nevertheless.
560, 560, 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
The George Rodriguez show in about 25 minutes.
The short George Rodriguez show.
Well, I got to make sure they hang that thing right up there.
You know, I want to make sure it's hung right and also help drill those holes in the right spot.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how are you?
I never call, but I heard you talking about Taco Bell and about your John.
And it just had this weird story I got on the internet from my friend, this girl, went to Taco Bell.
And she picked up a chicken burrito.
And then the next day she went to the doctor because two days later she went to the doctor
because her jaw was really swollen.
And then after a couple days of swelling, it got worse.
And she could hardly move her jaw.
And then she went back to the doctor.
They rubbed them still out of her mouth.
And inside the tissue samples, they said that the soft taco has a pregnant roach in it.
And that the egg somehow got the eggs got into her saliva gland.
And then she was incubating them.
And they removed it a couple days later.
I don't think they got to where saliva gland.
I think they got into your rectum, what it was.
Week.
We're kind of another one over the weekend.
Okay, sweetheart.
You ever kissed your two boyfriends, too, by the way.
We have an open line and date all three, all three and Broward, all three and come on.
Come on, let's get some of the right reneary crowd on here.
He starts Monday morning on 12 30 AM on your dial.
Big Tom Jicke story.
We broke the news today.
We had a big controversy there with the Henry Burrow's agent calling in there.
Mark Vincent.
Henry beer.
Oh, agent.
Whatever the hell he is.
What are we calling himself?
I know what they're calling him over at Waxie.
He's an ass.
That's what they all say.
What do we get?
Like 72 calls, even people that don't work there anymore call him in Georgia, if you're saying,
oh my god, Mark Vincent, don't put him on here again.
In fact, we were going great to let call.
As soon as he called that was the end of the road for the week.
Here's Miami, hello.
I'm Cornel.
Yes, sir.
I got a report for you.
Down here in 27th Avenue and 20th Street Northwest, this Cuban hardware store.
And Al Gore is on his way.
And it looks like they got the whole police force, the fire trucks, the bomb squad,
and all kind of crap going on down here.
I didn't know if you knew about that.
There's a Cuban hardware store.
Yeah, he's got Cito Lumber.
Yeah.
Al Gore is on his way, because...
Slides got such a wooden personality, maybe he's trying to find a match.
Maybe he's going to do the Macarena.
It could be that could be.
You know?
We'll work on it.
All right, Neil.
We'll check it out.
All right, take it easy.
I'll read the answer.
Okay, open line.
We've heard 400 and Palm Beach, 122 and 4 Myers.
But we sure haven't had a call for Myers in a long time.
We left them in the dust.
Oh, boy.
We only got that guy with his Colombian fetish over there.
And he's getting really...
Like I said, the first call he called, he was stale.
That retard.
5667-0560-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Do we even know anything about 4 Myers?
No.
Are we still on the air?
Do we know?
No.
Any reports?
No.
Okay.
Are we still on the air in Dator Broward?
No.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, this is Amy.
I'm a first-time caller.
Hi, Amy.
How you doing?
Hi.
Good.
I just wanted to tell you about the uncle of Sonny's that your caller was calling, recommending.
Yeah.
First of all, it looks like a cat's interior inside.
And then if you want...
If that's the place to go, if you want to see the ultimate epitome of white trash.
Women, tanning hose and sandals and men with an F-car hat.
Yeah.
That's why Chris Baker used to hang out there.
So, recommend it.
Plus, I think that they hire only the lower end comedians.
Yeah.
Well, like I said, that's why Chris Baker used to hang out there.
Yeah.
All right, Neil.
That's why I say good night.
And then this guy thinks that I'm going to go there.
He really believes I'm going to go there.
Does he really?
No.
And how about the notches with the fake cheese sauce?
Those are real nice.
Okay.
I'll take your word for it.
Okay.
We have one call left at the board.
Okay.
George Rodriguez showed time.
We want to start now.
They don't want to talk to me.
They're done with me.
Okay.
Okay.
Here's George.
Oh, hey, how you doing?
560, 705, 60.
0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
200 open calls on a line's on the board.
I think I got it upstairs right now and check out things out.
See what George, of course, is doing up there.
See who he's doing.
And maybe explain to what your name up in the sales department
what a gilding is.
That that's shocking.
Oh, by the way, before we take that one call on the board.
Now, let's take it first because that's the last call of the day.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
I just wanted to make a change of pace that we could.
Is that all right?
Almost thing.
Many years ago when they had that amateur baseball league in Florida playing up in like Cypress Creek
area in North Fort Lauderdale and then used to talk about it.
Who used to talk about it?
You did.
We used to talk about the clubs and then we didn't have the fabulous Miami Marlins at that time.
You told us, you know, you should go up there.
You mean the miracle?
Is that what they were talking about?
They were in the amateur team.
They were minor league teams.
Minor league.
No, I had the minor.
They were in the amateur team.
Well, I took my son up one afternoon on a seven o'clock game and I had the pleasure of
meeting you and I'll tell you something.
I've been to the Marlins game.
I had more fun that night at an amateur game.
And wasn't that amateur game?
They were so young.
A league game.
I know, they're minor league but they look like little kids.
Yeah.
If you'll remember.
And it was just a great feeling to sit off a third base and I remember they did things like
they were sending over by planes and they were all types of things.
Right.
And they had his Mike Vech putting all that stuff on, right?
Yeah.
It was just that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was just the.
Just the.
It's all died.
You know, and you know what's that feeling like we just all of a sudden we just entered the
Twilight Zone.
We just moved into the Death Zone.
We moved out of a little bit of reality there for a couple of hours and now we move back
into the Death Zone.
Just as soon as you got chopped off there, you could smell it.
You could feel it.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line as we keep plotting along singing a song trying to keep
my jaw open till 140.
Anyway, front page of the paper today.
Like I said, Mark Vincent won't be too happy about this population surges and Broward.
Foreign influx now major player in growth.
Major player in a growth on Mark Vincent's forehead.
Busy real estate agents and county number crunches report that many of the newcomers.
This is in Broward.
Are arriving from Haiti.
Jamaica.
Columbia.
Venezuela.
Brazil and.
Hey.
How do you like that?
As in no speaking English as in.
Oh yeah.
And see the longer you keep on or in that Henry Burrow show,
less chance he has of getting any audience.
Because they don't want to hear some cracker like you Mark Vincent on here trying to be funny,
try to be a Neil junior is what we hear.
They want to hear somebody speak their lingo.
Somebody thinks I'll decay your meat.
That's what they want.
Haiti, Jamaica, Columbia.
Now it says they're settling in western.
Miramar and Pembroke Pines.
So it says, oh, I got out just in time.
All these I-75 West areas in Broward are very hot right now with the international crowd.
Said Carlos Villanova, junior.
Do you play for the Cubs?
Hector's brother.
A real estate agent for Colwell Banker.
Our good friends with a largely overseas clientele.
And it's interesting on the front page here.
This chart that they've got in the last year for the well from 1997 to 1998.
The growth.
Los Angeles County, California is number one.
In fact, look at all the places in California.
They're top seven on the list.
Miracopa County Phoenix area.
They're ancient.
Orange County, California.
Old right wingers.
Number three.
San Diego County, California.
Number four.
Clark County, Las Vegas.
Number five.
Harris and Dallas Riverside.
Los Angeles area number seven.
Broward County, Florida.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Number eight in growth from 1978.
Felted by Dallas and Terrand and Texas.
And number 15.
Miami, Dayton, Florida.
I thought, but the one thing I read to this entire article and talks about all these fruerners coming in.
But it doesn't say whether any of the age of 100, that's the problem.
We've had plenty of growth in Broward.
But most of them have been like one foot in and one foot out.
And every time they croak, we bring two more of them into replacement.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
From West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
We won't hold that against you.
OK.
I think that one of the problems is why you don't have so many colors is because, you know, it's a beautiful day today.
It's gorgeous.
And people are doing stuff.
They're working.
I used to listen to you when I was at work.
And, you know, I didn't have time to call you and say and comment on the stuff that you were talking about.
Right.
I didn't have the time to do it.
And, you know, I'm not out in the car and I'm in the car form.
But now that I'm not working, it's beautiful day.
Is that the beach today?
Yeah.
I'm in the car and talk to you.
And I'll tell you, I think that there's a lot of people out there that want to talk to you.
And don't just get discouraged.
You know, there's a lot of boring people in Miami.
I mean, West Palm Beach.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, a lot of boring people in Palm Beach.
Believe me.
Oh, right.
I should just show.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I know.
Believe me.
I'd really be down there and be bored with other Hispanics and Black Americans.
Yeah.
Those blacks in Hispanics don't get you every time.
I know.
Anyway, uh, William.
I have a, what do you call me?
I beg your pardon.
What does it go?
I mean.
Okay.
We got one call left on the board.
Yeah.
Is it like a building?
No.
You know what he was really, really trying to say?
It's thought that I was stupid.
It's stupid.
Here's a mobile in the Wilton manners.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
I was wondering how come on your top 10 list of music groups?
You didn't mention the almond brothers.
Because they're not.
Oh, yeah, they are.
No, they're not.
For me Monday.
No, they're not.
They're not even close to the top 10.
How about Gladys and I?
They're tips.
No.
Good, but not in the top 10.
What about your fit?
What about the bugging off?
Okay, that takes you out of the cost for today.
Here's George.
Yeah.
Oh, I took my CD out.
It's a blood CD.
I was going to play some corn for the kiddies today.
Oh, jeez.
Oh, jeez.
I don't have time to eat drop and crap all over the floor.
I can't do a show from in here.
I don't have my profanity.
I'll do that.
Too bad.
Too bad.
I got stuff to pick up off the floor in here.
And they just try to do what they call.
I'll come back.
Sit down.
I'll come back.
Take your stuff.
I got to clean up this mess.
Oh, I got one line ringing there.
They didn't even want to talk now, all of a sudden.
They probably heard me play that thing.
They probably thought it was for real.
When I'd big comes out about it's Marlon's baseball time,
they probably believe that.
I'm going to play the Marmalade in Reflections in my life
or the rest of the show is what I'm going to do.
What a bunch of, oh man, deadheads.
Oh, God.
No wonder Newtimes gives me so much credit.
You're right, guys, over there at Newtimes.
I'm unbelievable.
How I've survived this long with my bad John,
my fat stomach and my diabetes.
How I've survived this long and this place.
What is a glory hole?
What is a goyum?
Hmm.
126 and 560 WQM.
Heminal, Heminal Sully with the gaming.
See it's starting at John Ploney.
You're going to have to do the show.
I'll take the check, though.
She's looking for glory hole.
In keeping up with the current social trends
reality toy company has introduced its new Gang Banger Barbie.
Gang Banger Barbie comes in your favorite dang colors.
Start your collection with Shunane.
Barbie's crack-ho friend, interpim boyfriend,
ice puppy mac, daddy, Kennedy,
Gang Banger Barbie accessories include
a Cadillac El Dorado for those late night drive-by shootings
of rival gangs and innocent bystanders.
It's fun for the whole dysfunctional family.
Get it today.
131 to 560 WQM.
You've heard about scuba people.
They got to call me forward.
Never saw a glory hole.
Never heard of that.
Call George back during the break.
Says, okay, Neil says that they drill a hole in the wood.
But what is it for?
What's the purpose?
They want to give it to the media with whoever it might be.
I mean, what's the sense of wasting all that time?
They want to communicate with whoever it might be in the next stall.
Sometimes they look at them with two eyes.
Some with only one eye sometimes.
But nevertheless, guys a little bit slow.
What's the, what's the volume?
What's the glory?
Oh, Jesus.
Open line.
And by the way, let's put the calls on hold for George now, okay?
Which is about eight minutes away.
We want to talk to George.
567 I'll answer him.
We'll do it reverse.
No, here.
WQM George, right?
Me, go show.
Can I speak to Neil?
Do you want to talk to George?
No, Neil, please.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, we'll have to put George's calls on hold.
They want to speak to George.
You know, they're done with me for the day, okay?
I wanted to ask if you can go to Cahillic on this year.
No.
You're not?
No.
I imagine George's?
Are you going to Cahillic's, George?
Never been.
Never been.
Never will be.
He's not going.
All right.
Take it easy, then, Neil.
Okay, Sam.
Am I going to Cahillic's?
No.
No.
Did I go last year?
No.
You're before that?
No.
No interest.
WQM George Rodriguez, show.
Yeah, I'd like to talk to the man George Rodriguez.
All right.
Hold on.
Hold on for the man.
WQM George Rodriguez, show.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you?
How are you doing?
Want to talk to George?
No.
I want to talk to Neil.
To you.
Why?
I love you.
Yeah.
The man.
No, this is that Jackass.
WQM.
Yeah.
I'd like to talk to Neil.
You want to talk to the who?
Neil.
Neil who?
Neil Rogers.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
I just want to talk to you about the Barnaby Sue Barnes tree.
Yeah.
I wanted to know what you thought about it.
Good trade for you first.
That was Eddie, by the way.
What?
That was Eddie.
Oh, Eddie.
Oh, Eddie, by the way, whose number is 9548064423?
Write it down, because Eddie's obviously a very lonely guy.
This is Eddie.
I'm an asshole.
He wants to talk to all weekend, evidently, on his mobile phone.
9548064423.
If you can't get through and talk to George, talk to Eddie.
Hey, by the way, how things going in Vancouver?
Eddie.
I put them both on a parsing, same thing.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Neil, I have my guys working on a construction site for a female customer.
And I've seen there and they have your show on.
Right.
They said, oh, I see you.
Laurie, you're listening to Neil.
And she said, you didn't have a toll.
You're right.
That's right.
That is, he hates you, but he's listening.
But they're listening, right?
That's all.
Thanks for listening to 560WQM, Sweetheart.
Whatever the hell you're doing out there.
I'll just thank God.
Yeah.
Thanks for the goodness.
He's probably getting ready for that big croquet tournament that we're going to be.
Oh, Kim, a vote camper will be here at 2, by the way, from the Honda Croquet and Golf tournament.
Kim, a vote camper who is absolutely, I mean, give it a big, gigantic boost.
This will probably be the turning point in Kimba's career, with Tom Jikker writing a nice piece
about him like that in the Sunsendless morning.
I mean, forget about Channel 4 from the monitor.
I mean, that was good.
But now that Tom Jikker has given him his total endorsement there, ask that about Kimba right over the top, baby.
You got a maid, Sweetheart.
You're in there.
And thank God, like I said before, we got somebody on the station that doesn't have their tongue way of Jimmy Johnson.
Thank God somebody with some balls beside me.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
So did you see something about Mary?
Mary, who?
The movie?
No, something about Mary now.
Yeah, did you ever see that?
No.
Oh, okay.
Did you see anybody this?
No.
You like comedies?
No.
No.
Sir, are there this Neil?
No.
No, seriously.
This is Joe Castella.
And look at the video.
That's a little show.
Oh, Joe wants to make all the time he's pissed off that I said that Cory, a statement was good looking.
Again, considering the very, a marginal looking lot of people that got around here, as far as the guys are concerned, we got, you know,
not too many really decent looking people besides Zolt and the course who's a beautiful man, but nevertheless.
Huh?
Even even, no, see, I'd never said that.
Joe Castella, so I said, well, which guys do you think are good looking around here?
I said, I think Zolt and is beautiful.
But other than that, kind of a short list.
Oh, I mean, what's it is to make me get a ball, but you know, I mean, you know, I got a ball spot too, but everybody confused me with Ray Whitney all the time.
Yeah, they said, Ray, you're putting a little bit of weight, but boy, you're sure playing good night school there last night.
Thanks for winning the game there.
And I say, okay, and life goes on.
They say, how's Bridget doing?
I won't tell you what I say when they say that.
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
This is the make of Miami.
Hi, Nick.
Oh, you want to wait for George?
I'll hold it for the man.
Okay, hold on for the man.
Quick, give him your calls.
I don't want to talk to your people.
Jesus, God, I'll have to take a shower before I go upstairs talking to your people.
God, what about your slime balls?
Yeah, sure.
Why don't I have to push Josh's feet and out of the stall up there if I go up to take a shower?
Is there any chance of that?
No.
Hey, Josh.
Oh, it's not on the calendar for March.
Maybe April.
Maybe after Passover, Josh will be taking another shower.
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
What's it going, young?
Do you want to talk to George?
Hey, listen.
Yeah.
How much is it going to be?
I went to a radio call later last night.
Yeah.
Upcar in Palm Beach.
It was about a few years later.
And about the radio stations and stuff.
The sports fags really have worked up.
What is it?
It was about the theater, about the radio stations.
It was radio stations.
It was radio stations.
Yeah, whatever that is.
And they were asking always questions.
I think that they wanted to know that they suck.
But they're trying to get better.
Yeah.
So I basically...
So I'm not going to answer that they suck, but not as much as they used to.
It paid me $80, though.
Yeah, not bad.
Oh, well.
How much they give you $200 next time they'll say they're getting in the right direction.
Okay.
I think I'm going to talk to some of your people.
Here's a mobile in the red line.
Hello.
My God.
No, I'm right.
No, he was waiting for you.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes.
Do you have any pictures or posters of yourself emotional?
Any pictures or posters like a promotional of your station?
No.
No, we don't have any promotional materials.
Because I want to see some...
I've never seen you.
I heard you're on Miami or something, but I've never seen you.
Not in Miami, sir.
By the way, President Lincoln's got a bad headache.
Okay.
So call us on Monday morning.
See how he's doing.
Yeah, I'm on Miami.
And by the way, I'm going to be starting 8 to midnight on WNWS.
Pretty soon, too.
Okay.
That's just after Mike Winnery starts an IOD.
And by the way, what is the glory hole?
And how are the going?
Man, oh man.
Like I said, okay.
Now it's time to call for George.
Get on hold for George Rodriguez.
It's going to be the fastest, the most civilating, the most dynamic,
the most exciting 20 minutes of crap you ever heard in your life.
Okay.
Peer run adulterated.
Okay.
Audiohoveos.
To your turn now.
Hi, everyone.
Roy Foster here.
Yeah, you used to be a big football star, but now we're here.
You're listening to the most straight-up person I know.
George, guys.
Oh, Jesus.
Are you f***ing carrying me?
I'm going to crack.
Pees are crap.
Is this it?
There it is.
Just for you, because you missed it when I played it little snippet the last time.
This is for joke-hast-dealer, everybody.
This is great.
Very incredibly funny.
And it also kills a lot of time.
Since what I'm going to do, talk about Neil's feet.
I'm standing away.
She had an open heart for the virgin's feet.
Because I've got to be free.
Free to face the wall.
Get the head of me.
And then I'm a cuckoo.
It's a little bit.
We take what you've been.
I never see anything.
I never see anything.
Take care.
Take care.
I never see.
All right.
We're black and green.
We're black and green.
We're black and green.
We're black and green.
We're black and green.
James Happy, James A.
I see the closet frame.
And the dreams we had.
We need to have it forever.
Just the way we go.
Okay.
We miss F.
On the path of girls, I prepare.
They're gay.
Take care.
Take care.
Take care.
Take care.
Take care.
Take care.
Take care.
Take care.
Take care.
Take care.
Take care.
I love you, yes.
I love you.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
and by the way if it sounds like my voice is quaboring
it's because it's
freezing in here it's chillin it's freezing it's like a meat locker because
guess why
fat people have to have it cold
and we actually have calls on the line so i may or may not respond to
deseris later later later
and i may or may not play corn for the guy
that's uh... since the facts and the picture of corn
little little little bit of the
thank you very much
uh... i'll play corn if all the calls drop off and i'll also respond to
deseris letter
it's a call drop off and after the break i'm going to play fliming and john
the first uh...
time it'll be heard on the radio in south florida they are playing it in
camp and not anymore
that song that i played i'm so small that they wrote for you and me both
uh... fliming and john good stuff and i'll play it after the break
height not uh...
what is it
talking about height
talking about height yes yes because jokas that one i were both taller on our
backs
and we are on our feet
my amy lake hello
my amy lake
yeah a jorge hey what
hey buddy how you doing
okay
listen sir
uh... this under the coyote or sunday
eleven thirty
on cinemas
there is a surprise
and i know you'll be okay yeah yeah we know all about it
what did you send the tape and forget about it already mobile in my any
hello
i don't know right
i don't know where it was thinking about
you already call today
if it wasn't you was somebody that sounded just like you and that uh... this
qualifies you mobile and west paul hello
hello jorge hello what
yes uh... i'm calling that i was
just wanted to
okay
i want to know you anyway
is it go young mean
a what
a boy a me
going on
you know some people like a mold some people like to go young that's what that
means
homestead hello
hey
going what's up
what's up
and listen how you think that each other for a car
yes i saw just yesterday
the new trailer the new trailer oh my god
i've got a lot said
the life said
well the movie better be as good as the trailer and i said
better have a the story better be as good as that and i said
i don't care if it's a story
that was just too cool
yeah i don't care if the story to that that right
right
that i'm finding double-edged lightsaber though my god i almost wet myself
right there
the movie's half of the trailer is still going to be good
well i see a lot
i had an emotional experience you'll be camping out
actually i'm not going to do that i already covered that i'm not going to
camp out i'm going to wait i'm going to put uh... wax in my ears even more
than i already have
and i'm just gonna wait until the crowds actually die down and i'm going to
go to a matinee i'm gonna have the place to myself because i'm not going to
stand in line like a sheep
and i'm not going to get a bad seat when i go see that i'm not going to get
a corner i did that the one and last time et i fell for that
excuse me i had lunch
went with the friends we all had to sit in different places in the theater
i got stuck like on the edge down by the front i couldn't see anything
i'm not gonna see it yes i will go see it more than once but i'm not
gonna go stand in line you can get in the wraps around the block not me not
through this i've already got a sleeping bag out in front of the amc
maybe if kate bush came in concert i would camp out but i'm not going to do
do it for a movie it's not like it's going to disappear overnight it's not
going to be one of these movies you're going to miss it the theater
you're not going to miss it it's going to be and then they'll bring it back
in ten years it's going to be there and i'll i'll wait i will buy my time
i will uh... i'll go see it and i'm not going to let anybody ruin it for me
eight till two five sixty q a m
