560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, wow.
Call 560-0560 toll-free per date and rarer
or count 560 on your cell phone.
Yeah.
Three opinions of Neil, his guest's callers
or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect
those of WQAM, Beasley Red Acquisitions
or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-QAM.
Hey, Brian, are you happy?
I hate WRB again.
I'm so good with my d-
But I'm happy.
Oh, right.
You put yours.
Now put it now.
You take yours.
That's what's out.
You do.
I hope you're okay.
And you should kiss all of us out.
He looks stupid, says,
He looks like you're insane.
If you ever catch me,
He's doing it here in Sorry Brains.
For the bullet is my brain.
What's your right point is doing the hockey polkae.
Chase your right foot out through in the hockey polkae.
It's not his, you two, what's that?
Doing the hockey polkae.
Chase your hoes out of house.
I'm doing the hockey polkae.
I'm doing the hockey polkae.
You're in the hockey polkae.
10-1 at 560 WQM.
Happy Thursday.
I've got my scratch back.
I think there's something going around in this building.
I think it's in the, it's in the, it's in the,
probably Greg planted it here.
But remember last week, walking around with that flu again,
constantly coming in here one week, it was tuberculosis,
another week it was leprosy.
Every time the man comes in, he's spreading disease,
wherever he goes.
And to prove that, look at that,
we got the Heracune hotline at night six o'clock.
Spreading his sports disease everywhere he goes.
So anyway, this crazy person, this light supremacist,
Buford Puster O'Neill Ferro,
and a vowed racist who described himself
to authorities in Washington, this homicidal and suicidal,
once lived with the widow of Robert Matthews,
the founder of a violent neo-Nazi group, the order.
Last year, Ferro tried to commit himself
to the Fairfax Psychiatric Hospital in Kirkland,
a suburb of Seattle.
There he was arrested for pulling a knife on several
staff members.
Sometimes I feel like I could just lose it for a total police
after he was arrested at the hospital.
He was convicted of second degree felony assault
and served 165 days in jail.
Here's a man who was trying to commit himself
who was crazy that a bud and knew it.
Pulled a knife on hospital workers served 165 days in jail,
second degree felony, and he was out on the loose.
So we could do a little number.
Yeah, I met the mommies for lunch yesterday
and the TVI flipped it on there on CNN and all of a sudden
here's the old, apprehended the suspect.
They've apprehended the suspect.
Did they really apprehend the suspect?
No. No. He turned himself in in Vegas after a cab ride.
Swat officers spent hour researching that hotel.
Unaware that Ferro was already in a cab
headed for Las Vegas.
Didn't I talk about that yesterday?
About the SWAT guys standing around Milligra Road
outside the motel, planting their strategy,
waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting,
lurking, oh guess what, he ain't here.
He's on his way to Vegas.
All right.
Crazy people with guns, baby.
Crazy, hateful, psychotic people running around on loose with guns.
And by the way, the good news for the NRA, the gun nuts,
you don't have to worry a bit.
A comprehensive survey of American firearms ownership in 1994.
That was five years ago and you know it has to be growing.
In 1994 they found that about 192 million guns were actually in civilian hands in America.
You don't have to worry about a thing, okay?
Don't worry you're pretty little heads off about losing your guns.
192, so let's round it off right now since it's five years later.
Let's say for a nice even figure 200 million guns for 270 million people,
how about you take away the little kids, you know.
I'd say that almost every adult and probably teenager has got at least one.
There you go. So what are you worried about?
I tell you what I'm worried about and that is that the full court press is already starting.
The Sun set in the which has had not won but two editorials in last week.
About how much we need that baseball stadium and how great it's going to be for Broward County
and now for downtown Fort Lauderdale.
So now they've moved from the editorial page itself to the op-ed page
where this asshole editor Kingsley Guy, who looks like a real nerd by the way,
is starting it on us this morning.
At the heart of an exciting city baseball the city Cleveland.
And it goes on to say Broward's vitality could benefit from a similar boost.
Do you know something you are so full of it? Kingsley Guy.
I mean this whole article is so ludicrous.
First of all, you see any relationship between Fort Lauderdale and Cleveland?
No.
You ever been to Cleveland? I've been to Cleveland.
Do I want to go back even with Jacob's field and even with the renovation downtown?
Do I have any desire or interest in going back to Cleveland?
No.
No. Never. Ever.
Do you hear about the booming tourist industry in Cleveland?
No. No. I don't think so.
Even though they got Jacob's field and a great baseball team there kicking ass,
I don't think the tourists are flocking into the mistake by the lake.
Okay. I don't think they're going to go to Cleveland. I don't care how much better it is.
In addition to which I never noticed that Fort Lauderdale,
even though it's got some of its bad neighborhoods, of course, some bad hoods,
I never noticed that it was a big festering slum like Cleveland with that bad, bad image.
But wait till you hear this.
Kingsley Guy says, as was the case with Cleveland,
the national image of greater Fort Lauderdale no longer jobs with reality.
He's talking about people asking about County Frances and where the boys are in spring break.
Well, isn't that a shame, Kingsley Guy, that we don't have spring break?
Living and breathing people spending millions of dollars of mommy and daddy's money every spring.
Because Fuddy does assholes like you and your ill-cutter ones that chased him out here,
because that was bad.
But he says, Major League Baseball would help change that.
A new home for the Marlins. We go a long way towards showing nation.
There's lots happening in this community, which is, and wait till you hear this,
which is developing into one of the great urban centers of this country.
You know, you guys, I'm telling you, these guys either have got the best sets of humor
or anybody in the history of mankind.
These assholes that write these editorials and these articles on the op-ed page.
Fort Lauderdale is developing into one of the great urban centers of the country.
That's here it.
Now, what can you tell me that there is in Fort Lauderdale that makes it one of the great urban centers in America?
Uh-huh.
Tant City.
Chili pepper.
I'm thinking. Swap shop.
Swap shop. That's really not in Fort Lauderdale.
It's close enough. Let's just take all of like Metro Fort Lauderdale, you know,
which almost all are proud.
Hallem Dale.
Surfside. I mean, I'm sorry. Sunrise.
Talent Lickers.
Talent Lickers. That'll do it for me every time.
Well, we didn't have those swing clubs, but their clothes knows now.
One of the great urban centers of this country.
Man, you yokeles. I don't, I just like the hero.
I think the people of the Sun settle, they never let him out.
Just like this, a view for T. Pusser guy.
He should never have been let out in the same with Kingsley guy.
And what kind of a name is that? Anyway, guy.
Hey guy.
Kind of a name is that.
So we'll talk a little bit about that today.
Also, I'm going to talk about something really bad, which I found by accident in my gun book.
By the way, if you're really concerned about the gun thing, let me recommend again to you,
making or killing the business of guns in America by Tom Diaz, a former NRA member and gun nut himself.
Making or killing Tom Diaz, it's in hardcover.
It'll give you all the statistics about this $1.4 billion business, about the making of guns.
And that's why there's so many guns around because it's big freaking business.
And America's all about business and so is the world.
But anyway, so in this book, I find an article that I had kind of like a shelf for a little while.
Unfortunately, but better late than ever.
And guess what? It's about ass per tame.
Yeah. Everybody wants to hear about ass per tame.
And it's the bad news.
So, Joe Costello went out this morning, got us a case of died Pepsi there.
It's going to be my last ass per tame in my life.
I like bottled water anyway. I like my soleil.
By the way, South Alconi were out of soleil here.
I got my last two little bottles. Bulletin for South Alconi.
Urgent car we put out today. We're desperate. We're dying over here.
No soleil. I like my soleil. I like my peria.
I like my, what's the, from Northern Italy?
San Pellegrino.
Oh, that's right. I'm asking you. You're only Italian. What would you know?
You're like make believe Italian. That's right.
San Pellegrino. You've had San Pellegrino?
No?
No. Why not?
It's what, it's water. It's, it's partly what, what am I going to drink that for?
Soda beer. You know?
There's no ass per tame in beer.
But you don't want no more of this diet soda.
Anyway, we'll talk about that and scare the living cramp on you.
I'm telling you the real story about how it got approved.
Even though they, they commissioned a panel to study it a few years ago.
And the panel said don't approve this. It's bad.
And it's got, you know, and it's also got the methanol wood alcohol poisoned in it.
10% of it.
And then the, the commissioner said, ah, well, I'll tell you guys.
And they did approve it. And then he, he left the commission for a position with Genie Surles, public relations firm.
They're the people that manufacture Nutrisuite.
Asperta. Oh, I see. What a, a shop. What a surprise.
So if you're starting to feel a little bit queasy, probably too much diet soda is making you really, really sick.
Maybe that's why I got this scratchy throat. I drink diet soda by the gallon.
I mean, just by the cramp load. I just swill it down.
Almost like Harry Penis. They used to be the PD there with the Paxon.
Oh, a lunso. You're so big.
If you've got chipped, then it crats or broken implants. Then you need implant crafters at the mall.
At implant crafters, we've got a silicone mill right in the store so we can make you shiny new ones in about an hour.
I broke off my implant spray and bingo.
Oh, 66.
Bingo. The next day I went to implant crafters at the mall.
I dropped off the broken bear, went to radio shack to get a hairy-nade battery.
And by the time I got packed, my implant's ready.
And I got a new implant crafters at the mall.
This week's special by 2 Get One Free.
That's 15 to 5.60 WPM. We got hanged from fly-related to a clock.
Oh, and then we got the Jimmy Johnson show at 5.
We got the Herkwood hotline. All right.
6 to 8.
With Herkwood hotline here on QA, are we excited about that?
No.
8 to 10. We got Jim Mandage.
Yeah.
Which we'll get to momentarily.
And then 10 o'clock we got Orlando Elziguri.
Are you ready for that?
10 o'clock and campland must be on vacation. We got Orlando.
Why?
Elziguri.
Which I bet you didn't know he had a middle initial, did ya?
So anyway, here's the important news of the day, by the way.
This is the big news and leave it to Jose Lambi in the insider in the Sun Central this morning.
See, I don't miss a thing.
I scour from cover to cover.
Both newspapers every morning.
Takes about three minutes.
Want to get through the ads in the funny pages?
Cox thrown for a loss, it says.
So much d-
Yeah.
There's a little clue as to what this is all about.
Former dolphin Brian Cox.
And by the way, it'll Brand Cox. He's an asshole.
Former dolphin Brian Cox got whooped in Broward Court.
Let's hear it for Phil Henry and the IOD.
Well, Cox, whoever they are, even though they're not really our friends.
A judge dismissed a nasty lawsuit against WI-P radio and two employees.
A suit that the linebacker filed after he was called a homosexual on the air.
Maybe we should check out Brand Cox's homocysting level.
Ooh.
The judge decided Cox, now with the jets, hadn't pursued vigorously enough.
This 10 lawyer nitpicking face.
See what it really is, Jose Landbied, is that there were no motions filed for like a over a period of time.
And once there are no motions filed for a certain period of time, the thing gets thrown out of court.
If you don't do not know it.
And they didn't do not know it.
Word delighted said a lot of day a lawyer, Norman Ken who represents former IOD funny man Phil Henry.
Are you sure he was named in the suit along with his then boss Robert Green.
How you doing Robert Green?
Bobby Green made the news paper this morning in the South Florida insider.
You know my close and personal friend Bobby Green.
It's okay.
Cox demanded money in that heads roll.
There's no money and Phil Henry will be on the air long after Brian Cox was playing days over said Robert Green.
Nice going Robert Green.
Oh!
Cox's legal tizzy started in November 1995 in a locker room interview.
Cox voiced his dislike of reporters by inviting slick hair dolphin suck up Jim Mandage.
How do you like that huh?
What a shot that is.
Cox voiced his dislike of reporters by inviting slick hair dolphin suck up Jim Mandage to perform a certain sex act on it.
Hey Brian, are you happy?
I hate to be out there again.
I'm so much dick.
I'll be no happy.
Mandage refused but Henry based entire calling shows on a photic confession by Cox that he was gay.
This case has been crawling through the system with IOD claiming that any reasonable listener would know the whole thing was a spoof.
Cox said the hoax made things so bad that his daughter got ridiculed at school.
In time Henry left for a $300,000 job on LA radio while IOD changed format.
Last year Cox rejected a $30,000 settlement.
Cox took the news of the dismissal like a man.
It says, I'm so excited about this.
I can't even keep up with myself.
Or maybe it's this Ricola cop-top I got my post.
That might be it.
It's news to me he said, but hell yeah, I'm going to pursue it to its fullest.
They WIOD were trying to drag it out, but I'm not going to stress over it.
Whatever whatever that means and appeal will be filed on Friday.
We can drag it out some more and get the lawyers get those meters running again.
That a more about Robert Green.
Nice going Phil.
Are you sure?
So how do you like that?
And of course where would be the one place in the world where you would hear it?
Right here on this show where you hear the actual conversation.
See and of course you can deny it all you want Brian, but I'm positive.
Because I was then the parents at, not Brands Mart.
Standard Brains, remember them?
I was then the parents with Brian Cox there on a Saturday.
He was sitting there signing autographs autographs going like that.
Yeah.
And so I know Brian Cox and I guarantee you, I mean I don't know him that well, but I guarantee he's
no question about it in my mind.
That Brian Cox is a ****.
You know what I'm saying?
So what's a big timis?
Have you ever met him?
You met him for like two minutes.
You'd say Brian Cox, he's a ****.
Yeah.
So there you go.
They finally dismissed that.
Now of course they'll have the appeal.
We'll have to keep our eyes on that.
And there's Storm and Norman again.
Back at it again.
He's got his finger right in the middle of it.
Let's take somebody's calls.
I have no idea what these people want because we got a real full plate today.
It's spilling over.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Did you know that Joe is a cacking and brother Mike Lance is twin brothers?
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks.
See like I said, I wondered what, uh, here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Here's a guy he sucks.
Okay.
Yes sir.
Hi, Miami.
Sounds like you.
Okay.
Let's go to a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
All right.
That's me.
That's you.
I'm Gretelstrom and I have news to report about Brian Cox.
Yeah.
And then enough to make you a guarantee he's a ****.
I've met him.
I have to, I heard some statistics about homicides in other countries.
Yes.
Last year in New Zealand, there were two gun related homicides.
All right.
Yeah.
In Japan, there were nine I think.
There were 15 in the UK.
Oh my God.
And 30 in Germany.
How many?
30.
Oh my God.
Gun related homicides.
On the United States, there were 9,000.
Uh huh.
Just thought I'd pass that over.
But that doesn't mention how many people died from a gun.
I think I know those are gun related homicides.
They said if you had it suicide, then accidents and everything,
it's well over 15,000, 16,000.
Oh, I think you're wrong.
I think it's like 30 to 40,000 year.
Maybe I got that wrong.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I mean, you know, why quibble over a few thousand?
Right.
Right.
But it's an enormous disparity.
And by the way, Governor Bush, did you see this?
He says, oh no, we don't need any more gun control laws.
That's not the problem.
Do you see that?
No.
Governor Bush said that an alien agro-slatin and Dekka Clay,
a shaw, all these other right wing lunatics, oh well, you know, uh, whatever.
Got to be credible, but let's not pass any new laws because our NRA friends won't like it.
That's all I got.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, so let's go to New Zealand.
Huh?
Come on, let's go.
Get on that big bus.
No.
Bus to New Zealand.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
But I got a headache and I just sort of throwed.
I have a feeling tomorrow could be a real big tape day, you know what?
I just have that feeling.
I could be wrong about that.
We have any tapes?
I think we could drum something up.
No, no, I'm not predicting.
I'm not going to be here tomorrow.
I mean, just not right, not perfect.
Maybe a real good dinner tonight would be good.
Maybe a free dinner.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
Yes.
Um, what are you still talking about, brain cock?
What do you got for a sweetheart?
What do you want to talk about?
Well, let's talk about the acting, right?
Yeah, huh.
This is the same bitch that called yesterday.
Let's talk about sticking my foot up your neck off that.
Okay, that's the end of the conversation.
Same bitch that called yesterday.
Crazy, crazy, crazy psychotic bitch.
And have a nice day, sweetheart.
Maybe that's why I'm sick.
Maybe it was her call yesterday.
I think that's what put me over the edge.
Uh-huh.
What's her call yesterday with her scatkins?
5, 6, 7, and by the way,
I was a channel surfing.
Was it Saturday?
I was in a hotel Saturday night.
And for whatever reason,
they replayed that damn crazy bastard.
Don't be 50 now.
I've midnight.
And he had the panel talking about health and diet and this.
And he had Bob Atkins on her.
He was so rude and obnoxious.
Never let him say three words.
And he had the Dean Ornish and all these other crazy people on there.
Poo pooing it.
They were poo pooing all over the place.
Here's a mobile impompo.
Hello.
Pompo.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Speaking.
Is it me?
It sounds like you.
Oh, wow.
I'm Parkland.
I'm Parkland.
That's why Parkland.
Sorry about that.
My older brother told me I wanted to do it a little parody about LPGA.
Yeah.
You play that later?
I'll work on it.
Thank you.
Okay.
These are not calls.
These are like, she wants the Atkins diet.
This guy wants a diet call.
You know, I'll play it for you, pal.
But let's get with it.
Let's have a little verbal intercourse before we just have a clip book to call up here
and start making a request.
What do you say is a little brother?
A little brother is probably about six.
Probably get more sense than this guy I'll ever have.
And that's my mistake, sir.
You were in Parkland, not POPPOTO.
I was in POPPOTO last night at the track.
Lost my ass.
No.
Yes.
Fat rich really lost his ass.
No.
Oh, yeah.
Big time.
138 bucks, Ma.
Right down the old trapper.
POPPOTO Park, Rough Night last night.
I wouldn't have been for my close personal friend, Brad Cramer, a Hazel Park with a $16 horse.
I would have lost a lot more than that, Ma.
Oh, 138 bucks.
You know how many soda crackers that would buy?
Defeat my dogs.
Especially the little dog to make him all over the place.
It could buy a lot of soda crackers for 138 bucks.
You know how many cheeseburgers in McDonald's that would buy for my wealthy aunt who eats in McDonald's?
With her 40 or 50 million?
I just mentioned that in passing, you know.
Here's a mobile in Key West.
Hello.
Hello, good morning.
Yes, sir.
I wonder if he showed you.
Okay, I know the S word was in there somewhere, but I can't.
That's the only word I could make out on your whole, but we're delighted that we got the S-H in there.
Nice answer.
Whatever he said.
Get yourself a real cell phone.
Someday, sir, maybe you'll grow up and you can afford to buy a real cell phone that the person on the other end can actually understand the words.
But don't say crap again.
See, the FCC is very concerned.
I mean, you can put all the hate speech you want on the internet.
You can put out all the hate pamphlets you want and you can spread all kinds of vile venom.
That's okay. That's freedom of speech.
If you say crap, then the FCC wants to find us here on the air and then people are going to jump off the tall buildings and it's the end of the world.
That goes to show you what a pussy, phony, baloney country we live in.
It's just like this business.
It's okay.
It's not against the law to possess semi-automatic weapons.
In spite of that, it built it past five years ago.
It's not against the law to be caught in possession as long as they were purchased back when it was legal to buy a settlement, so on.
But if you're in possession, if you grow like two plants of marijuana in the backyard or in possession of even a minor amount, then you're breaking the law.
Now, what does that tell you about the cock-eyed laws that we have in America?
Possession of weed. That's bad.
Possession of guns. That's good.
There's a lesson for all your kids out there.
OK, weed is bad.
Guns are good.
And you want to know why, kids?
That's the American fucking way.
Amen. Make no mistake about that.
By the way, Brian Cox is a f***ing 1026 and 560 WQM.
Hey, even when we lost some money last night at Pompidon Park, yes.
But we still had a great time. Winter lose. You always have a good time out there.
Screaming at Bruce Ranger. Come on, Brucey. Hit him again. OK.
Go a little faster than that first half. But at any rate.
How about that other horse? How's Richard Amidou doing, huh?
Wonder how much he's cashed into the day after that horse last night. But anyway, 13 to 1 shot.
There's Frank Tagorello winning on V830 to 1. All kinds of wild stuff going on.
Did we cash in any of those last night? No. No.
Missed opportunities. That's all.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
All right.
What's the matter with Les being all for sure?
Can't you tell we really love him, new balls?
Yes.
The only thing that separates us from the mayor is the country club's bathroom stalls.
This is a good friend of his all third caddy.
She's a friend on the book. She calls me daddy.
My daddy's mother died. That's five cuisines. He talked a lot.
All right. It's still a little bit of talk to me.
Oh!
My favorite holder doesn't have any number.
A green or a fairway.
A twenties because I'm a sapper.
A play ball fan. I'm gay.
He can't get caught in clubhouse.
Let's go.
I'm gay. Let's play LVG.
And still let me call to me.
And right this grey chipset of my face.
Still let it go to me.
That's 31 at 560 WQ.
Let me just go back to a Kingsley guy for one second here.
This idiotic op-ed peace in the Sunsendless morning.
About four Lauderdale has become one of the great urban centers of America which we're still...
...reggling about over here.
We're giggling about it.
Like a bunch of teenage girls watching Ricky Martin squeezing himself.
Marlon Zoner John Henry is sincere.
Marlon Zoner John Henry is sincere in his love of baseball and his desire to keep the team in South Florida.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
He seems like a man with whom Broward leaders can negotiate a financial deal at his fair to taxpayers and pets.
You notice this is the game plan.
He's a great guy. He never stole a freight train.
He's not baldy. He's got a better complexion. He's a nice guy.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Henry is correct says Kingsley guy.
What's up guy?
Baseball and here's the best. This is even better than a four Lauderdale being a great urban center.
Baseball can be magical and help bring people together.
The opportunity for Broward to capture the team will come again.
It would be a shame if Broward let's it slip away.
Kind of like they let spring break slip away a dozen years ago.
And all those thousands and thousands and thousands of college students with their millions and millions and millions of dollars of mommy and daddy's money.
First of all, I don't understand what Broward County.
I've lived in Broward County now for 12 years.
Oh more than that. Well, I would say you would take 12, 13, 14, whatever.
I don't know what Broward County this man is writing about or what Fort Lauderdale he's writing about.
You go anywhere in the world and you say you're from Fort Lauderdale and they don't look at you like, oh jeez, if you say you're from Miami.
Oh, oh my god. And they start looking at you to examine where the scars are.
If there's any evidence of bullet holes in your body.
But if you say from Fort Lauderdale, oh yeah, that's nice.
And they don't think of it as like Chicago or New York or Los Angeles or New Orleans or Boston or, no, any great urban center or Cleveland, by the way.
There is no relationship whatsoever between anything in Fort Lauderdale.
I mean, we do have areas where there's certain pockets of sparsas like in Cleveland, but other than that, that's the only similarity I see.
I don't see any say, I mean, you know, you can find sparsas probably in Geneva, New York that doesn't make it like Cleveland.
I went to Walgreens this morning, right out here on the corner and I saw some sparsas in there.
They didn't say, hey, you know, doesn't this, isn't this starting to look like Cleveland here? I said, oh yeah, it's starting to look like Cleveland now.
What is this man talking about? The ramblings of a lunatic.
And what, and you have to start wondering, not that I'm suspicious or paranoid, you understand?
You know what I'm talking about? I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
But what is it? What are they looking for now? We know what the hero is looking for. There's no question about that.
They're looking for anything and everything that will benefit them and their stake downtown or at one hero plaza and take that slum and toilet down there and build it up so they, you know, it'll be worth something.
So that when they finally totally bail out of town, they can make a killing again.
But what's the sun sent? What is there stake in this? What is there stake in keeping Casino gambling out the evil? Now what would you rather have?
Here's an interesting thing to ponder our poll question of the day.
What would you rather have Casino's and some of the great hotels along the strip, assuming we have any great hotels left in Florida.
Remember when there was a Gal Ocean Mile Hotel, huh? Yeah.
Remember when all the college teams used to come here when we used to have the orange bull. I remember staying in the Gal Ocean Mile when you were in Penn State, we're staying there.
At the Gal Ocean Mile Hotel.
And then of course they allowed all those old parts to build those condominiums just like on Miami Beach right along the ocean there in a galt strip, all those condos, horrendous mistake, stealing the beach from the public is what they did.
Now what would you rather have? Some nice hotels along the strip there with Casino's in them or a baseball stadium downtown that would tie up traffic and nobody could get to.
In a city where nobody cares about baseball to begin with number one.
Oh, but tomorrow into one six in a row that came from behind again. Nobody cares. Nobody cares.
It's a little bit late now, you know. Keep beating up on teams that were in grotesque slumps. I'll tell you something.
If you took away the Marlon wins against Montreal and Tampa and the wins against teams that were in desperate slumps like Baltimore and the Giants and Colorado when they played them, they'd have like 15 wins all season long.
If you took those victories out of the picture.
I just mentioned that in passing. I don't want to pee on their little parade. This little horned dog and pony show they're trying to put on for you know what I'm saying, but let's be honest.
Which is something that a lot of people in this time can't do, especially the local newspapers.
Because they always have something up their sleeve.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir. Good. Did you ever see this a show on trio? You know, trio is on the satellite.
Right. It's like a CBC clone.
And they have this show, but with an English or I guess he's Scottish actor named Robbie Coltrane. You know who he is?
No. Anyway, he's an actor. And he goes around the US in a vintage Cadillac convertible and just like, you know, it's poses insane things that happen in this country through like a foreigner's eyes.
Anyway, last week he goes into a gun shop somewhere in like the Midwest where there's like this like Newton lady, you know, who's working the counter and a whole row of oozees and assault weapons behind him.
And he said, well, what do I have to do to get one of these? Because well, you fell out this form and answer these four questions and you can go out of here with a gun.
Right. And like the four questions are, you know, like.
Did you ever steal a freight train?
Basically, yeah. I've never been like, you know, convicted of a felony.
But you ever, you know, check on the satellite president Kennedy.
Do you have to say, do you ever like check on these, you know, before you give the gun out, they don't have a waiting period in the state or anything.
Right. She goes, no, but I ain't going to sell one to nobody. It looks crazy.
And he says, well, how do you know? You know, if somebody looks crazy, I can just tell.
Because I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Well, hey.
Yeah, John Henry walks in, you will not sell him a gun.
No, really. Because he does want to hold up the taxpayers of our county to stick up.
Well, you know what I say about that? I'm in Miami. I said, let them build it in Broward.
Their animals anyway, let them lose their souls.
Yeah. But that's all I can think about.
Well, I live in Broward and I say, I have a very easy answer.
No. That's the answer.
Well, there you go. Well, he must be crazy. He must be nuts.
Just remember, we're living in one of the great urban centers of America.
They're in the Fort Lauderdale.
I keep that in mind.
I didn't even see all the sights someday.
I didn't know if it I'm going to be up there this weekend.
All right. Thanks, David.
You'll love it.
Okay, especially the Saga rash. That isn't exactly Fort Lauderdale, but that's the number one tourist attraction.
Broward, in fact, it's the number two tourist attraction in the entire state.
A crash. A shopping center.
Anything you're starting going on there?
No.
No.
Well, that tells you everything you need to know about this swamp land of a state.
Number two tourist attraction right behind Disney.
It's the Saga rash. A shopping center.
Is there like in a big store there, like a bird eyes or a, uh, no.
Like excited. Is there like an amusement park there or something really neat?
No.
So your idea of exciting at urban centers again, when you deal with local yokeles like this,
Kingsley guy, and like these parochial little people down here who keep talking about
mindy being a world class city, uh, you just have to laugh at them.
You have to excuse them because obviously they don't get out of town much.
They never leave, uh, within a three block radius or wherever they sit there at their, uh, typewriter.
It's new and it's that burger king.
Godfather Trougey action figures.
They're fun for the whole family.
Collect all 10 knob action figures with each gupper fries and super large drink.
And that a super large drink. No exception.
Get sunny in his favorite garbage can so you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out sunny sister or get the
bullet riddled body of sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth.
Wow. Isn't that great?
And press all your friends with the done himself.
I'll make him an offer. He can't refuse.
So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures.
Remember it's only business and it's a burger king.
And don't forget to mention before that.
I'm okay. I'm going to go.
You're about to mention that 1044 or 560 WQA.
Yeah, we got that hurricane hotline that anybody whipped up about that.
No. No.
Also, this stuff can't, uh, can't be sitting way over there.
We got to do something better about this room.
QA, I'm invited to the about.com QA, I'm so I'm going to go up to him and presented by Mikalo beer Friday, September 24th at Logo Mar Country Club in Plantation.
Portion of the proceeds to benefit center one brought to you by Tony Romans famous for ribs and Engel Milk Wine for more information call 305-650-063.
Nice job. Thank you.
5670-560.050.050 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the North Bay Village. Hello.
Two of the packages ugly. Okay.
19 minutes and 20 seconds in County. How do you like that?
19 minutes and 20 seconds to throw a shot at our good friend.
How do you like that?
5670-560-560.050.
By the way, here's, I'm amazed we haven't been flooded with calls about this.
We had all these calls already here this morning.
I just got my ass warm in the seat.
And I thought as soon as I saw the photo call, that it would have to be about the big news story of the day.
CNN, are they covering this? No.
MSNBC? No. Box? No.
CNBC? No.
Anthony Radsow will 40.
John F. Kennedy Jr.'s cousin is dead.
Small little blurb in the newspapers this morning.
Little tiny blurb, just a couple of paragraphs.
Anthony Radsow will tell of his executive and cousin of JFK Jr.'s died of cancer a week after his 40th birthday.
Anthony Radsow will the son of Lee Bouvie, a Radsow will Ross Schwartz, sister of the late Jacqueline Kennedy onassus,
and Prince Stanislaus Radsow will Schwartz Jones.
He died Tuesday at New York Hospital after a 10-year-old has set a statement from Senator Edward Kennedy, the Democrat of Massachusetts.
Radsow will have a steadfast friendship with first cousin JFK Jr. who died as you know, blah, blah, blah, blah.
While in one Kennedy married Carolyn Bessett in 1996, Radsow was best man at the clandestine wedding ceremony in Georgia.
In 1990, talk about kindness. Wait till you're this.
In 1990, Radsow will want televisions prestigious Peabody Award for an investigation of neo-Nazism in the US,
he later won two more Emmys.
So here's a guy that didn't expose a neo-Nazism which ties him with his crap we had in LA just yesterday.
Won the Peabody Award, so it was obviously a better journalist that somebody came out with a crappy money-loosing magazine called George.
Won two more Emmys, and he doesn't even get a God damn mention.
Nothing.
Much less does he get hours and hours and days and days of coverage on CNN, and CNBC, and MSNBC, and Yadda and all the other crap, all these things.
And he only made it to 40, died of cancer.
I mean his last name wasn't Kennedy, but there was some relation there, you know.
We couldn't call him John-John. We didn't know him well enough.
Maybe if he knew him real way, you'd call him Tony.
How's it going Tony?
Let's see Tony no more, he's dead.
Won a Peabody Award, and two other Emmys, and outstanding journalist, he's dead, nobody cares.
What does that tell you about you phony bastards in the media, okay?
You're not fooling me. You made me fool in a lot of really dumb people out there, and the good news as you well know is there's millions and millions and millions and millions.
There's real dumb people out there. I mean that's what America is famous for, not just guns, but dumb people and dumb people with guns.
That's what America is famous for.
So you can have like three more weeks on JFK Jr., and he still doesn't amount to a pile of cat crap, okay, in a litter box.
That's what he amounts to to me. Nothing.
He had no significance in my life, none zero-zipity doodah.
Was he a great journalist?
No, did he have some lasting significant or 200 million there you go.
And of course we know he worked hard for every penny.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
On the government outlaws the girls, the first thing they'll do it is put all the gays and lesbians in the lovin, like electricity.
Yeah.
And then I heard the first thing I was going to put all the milletin spixing offens is what I heard.
That's what I heard.
It could be wrong, but that's what I heard from a very good authority by the way.
Because as a matter of fact, what's the difference?
Isn't that synonymous?
Not a coin and Julio?
I think that's redundant.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Rottles line.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
From you.
Yes sir.
Two things for you, one on baseball, one on gun.
These kids in home state, one shot together.
Have they arrested that father for leaving that gun lying around with a bullet in it?
No.
Put them in jail.
I say put them in the electric chair.
Well, there's a new law we're supposed to enforce to put those kinds of idiots away.
Sorry, Uncle Neil, listen.
Been with the long time listener, long time caller, I went to the Marlins game Sunday.
Sorry.
I'm behind two big Cuban girls.
We had a nice talk about how they should leave the stadium like the F-word is.
Uncle Neil, we don't need a new stadium, no new stadium.
Okay, thanks.
Whatever you say, we don't need any stadium.
We don't need the Marlins, we don't need a stadium.
Period.
That's the late land.
Oh, but a baseball can be magical, says Kingsley Guy.
Magical.
You know, it's like when the Panthers went to the Stanley Cup finals four years ago, you know,
all the banners were waving and people were honking the horns and they had the stuff on their cars.
That's ancient history now, you know.
That's phony baloney.
That's like putting a bandaid on the Titanic.
It doesn't mean anything.
And as far as bringing the people of this town together, I mean, you know, for more than five minutes or a week or whatever it's going to be,
is that really going to ever happen?
Oh, of course not.
Because it's like assholes like the people in the Assum Sentinel and the Harold especially,
who spend most of their time dividing and conquering and making sure that the people never get together.
That's what it's all about, divide and conquer.
God forbid we have casinos here and having a living and breathing tourist industry here.
No, we got to have the French Canadians who can't afford to come here because the Lunar New Year's worth a crap anymore.
And we got to have old people and silly people getting on a guy dim busses to go to the port so they can get on Mickey Erison's cruise ships.
Who attribute nothing to this community.
Nothing.
Zero.
See, I don't understand.
Why would you be for Mickey Erison and all the cruise ships and against casinos?
Because he contributes nothing to the economy of this community, not even a penny of tax money.
All those ships are registered to some foreign country which is just a way of copying out and not paying any tax money to the US or this state or this town or anybody else here.
It's a drain, it's a siphon out of our economy and yet both those papers have got some love affair with this crap and some intense hatred and paranoia about the evil casinos.
When you know something, wait until the Indians get their full fledged casinos which is going to happen sometime in the next year with their slots and every other guy dim thing, the full blown casinos and then you're going to see the crap really hit the fan.
Then you'll see a real turnaround.
Well, you don't know, even though it's evil and even though it's terrible. Now that they've got it, we have to be able to compete.
We can't let the Indians take all our money back.
Next thing the one man had in back.
So let's, we'll have to hop in there.
You just remember I told you that today, August 12, 1999.
Just remember that.
Holmes did want to know. See all the Holyotes man, they're just obsessed today.
These must be the gun nuts. That must be where these people are coming from.
Apparently somebody took away their peace and they're really getting paranoid.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Yeah, I know.
Okay, sir.
Hey, I heard the fight team this morning and you heard the Holy City is running.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, I heard the fight team this morning.
Yeah, the 15 and what is in?
And I mean, he got all the e-cord because the best, because the columns go on the roll.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And okay, deal.
Okay, okay, deal.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60.
That's the guy.
That's him.
You better get with it, Joe.
You know, you've been close to him too much for a long time.
You better get with his program.
I'm sorry.
That's the guy.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Great.
This is a little spy report.
I was over in Clearwater last week.
Yeah.
And your good close buddy Ron Diaz is on the radio over there.
No, nobody cares.
Oh, okay.
See you.
Okay.
Boy, a lot of calls today.
Nothing to do.
Now, nobody's got any material that anybody cares about.
My good close buddy Ron Diaz is on here over there in the somewhere in Clearwater.
No.
Nobody cares.
I mean, what is this man talking about?
Do we care here about the...
He's a pus.
It's so embarrassing.
He's true.
Yeah.
Or freak.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing, man?
Okay, sir.
Yeah.
I'm going to Vegas in October.
And I was looking at like different packages.
How's that America West?
Is it really bad airline?
That sucks.
America West blows.
It's a really quick.
Because they fly direct from water, Dale.
Yeah, I know that.
And for Miami, you have to get like a...
You know, you have to change in Dowling for you.
No, you don't.
You have to at least stop in Dowling.
No, you don't.
Really what airlines?
America West.
Oh, but that's America West, though.
But if the airline's no good, why would I want to take a...
No, but you just said they fly for...
You said for Miami, you have to take another one.
You're talking about a different airline.
Like a better American or something like that.
Right.
So you say America West, no good.
I mean, if you want to go nonstop, that's your only choice.
You have no other choice, which is very sad.
You have no alternative.
But I would never fly them again.
They fly crappy 767.
They're slow.
I could pedal my way to Vegas faster than they get you there.
It takes them like 5 and a half hours to get you out there.
And what should be less than a 5-hour trip?
I always go through Dallas lately, last few times.
Even though it is a stop and it's a pain in the ass.
It's, you know, at least you fly on a real plane.
It's comfortable to give you real food like an American.
And, you know, I want to...
That's the still clear is out of the cabin.
It's great.
Yeah, that's my other alternative.
Right.
It's American and it stops in Dallas.
And I figured, you know, if the airline's okay, you go, you know, direct.
And I want to get you nervous, but they had this thing in the paper
about the survey, about complaints on the airlines.
And American was the worst.
Most complaints by the past years on American Airlines.
American Airlines?
The worst. That is correct, sir.
On the 10 airlines that were rated, they were number 10.
The people hated them like poison, which I have here somewhere,
but it's under my food and who cares?
All right. All right.
And I'll be back.
So, you know, it's a question of whether you're wanting to put up with this comfort
and getting their real crappy...
America, why is there a real horse ball airline?
I hate them like poison, they'd test them, I will not fly them again.
You know, the thing you read this morning about the guns, a hundred and ninety-two million guns?
Yes.
It's so absurd.
I can't even fathom the fact that there would be a hundred and ninety-two million guns in the world.
Well, it's part of the American side of the airline.
It's part of the American side of the airline.
It's a great shock to you, but it's part of the American mail mentality.
It's the whole gun thing.
It's a love affair.
It's an obsession to say, you're right, it's a sickness.
Yeah, like you said, the gun people have not to worry about.
There's all the guns they need out there already, so.
Okay pal, have a good time in Vegas.
Let me just, they're craped out, just like that.
Well, these people are strange today, you know, little on the spastic side, which is great.
Like them a little spastic.
Just like that crazy big.
I love to talk about the Edkins, you want to talk about the Edkins?
Guess what, honey.
Yeah, that'll work out real well for you.
She's already got a lot of practice.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Cleveland or Fort Lauderdale, which one do you prefer?
It's a hell of a place for Lauderdale.
Man, you got Las Olas there, and then you got Las Olas.
And you got Las Olas.
It's about it.
Nothing there, man.
Fort Lauderdale is a bearing as you inside of a band-aid box.
There's nothing in there.
But it's a great urban center.
That's what Kingsley guys says there at the Sun Sentinel.
This is a great, great community.
It's fantastic.
People are coming here from all over the world to take a look at Las Olas.
And...
There's a new movie called American Pie.
Got four goofy teenage cool birds who need sex for their lives.
They make up that to play hide the sulami.
It's an idea that it's a absurdity.
Precute best and shots of chest nudity.
Well, the band camp girl with her magic flute.
The hot Jack girl with her birthday suit.
Bottoms up, stepler, the beer goes down the shoes.
Oh, young high boy.
The chorus girl will it work.
Paul Finns looks like such a jerk.
Jim grabs the apple pie and goes berserk.
It's one roasting after another.
We tell you these dimflers, mother.
She makes fancy grins.
She's in Mrs. Robinson.
I can't believe it's thousandth green.
It's 95% of seen.
Maybe you will wonder why they didn't call it apple pie.
How young is he?
It's a good boy.
It's a good boy.
It's a good boy.
It's a good boy.
Oh, by the way, the big story, which I haven't even gotten to yet.
It's already our second hour this morning to show you how full of play it is today.
It's running over.
Passengers symbol of rage.
This is a local lady.
Her eyes damped with tears, patrisher lemurys, hung back from the cameras in the east Boston courthouse.
The mini resident who admitted to a fiery temper and was arrested in Boston last week for swearing
to flight attendants aboard an American Airlines jet used a small quiet voice to answer questions from the press.
Yes, she was surprised that her case still unresolved after Wednesday's hearing has gone this far.
Yes, she felt mistreated and a little nauseated, but she had no regrets.
Being kind to the face of adversity is a virtue, if you said, but losing your patience, she said, is not necessarily a crime.
Nice going, geez, a patrisher, whatever your name is.
Lemurys is attorney public defender Robert Cimio and said he couldn't reach an agreement, a agreeable plea bargain.
He was aiming, he said, for an agreement that would leave no mark on her record.
This is the woman, where I got the whole story here from the other day.
This is one of the most amazing stories in the history of the human race, something hostile in the air, woman arrested for all vacation aboard airplane.
One passenger said she overheard one attendant tell another that Lemurys had better get her butt back in her seat because if she gets stuck, that's her problem.
When you're moving to your food carts down the aisle, you know, that's what this was all about.
In a courthouse this morning, meaning yesterday morning, Mami resident Patricia Lemurys will defend herself on criminal charges that stem she believes from one key fact that she spoke a one word exploded to a flight attendant.
Were you aware, by the way, that you're not supposed to say the F word and they a plane? No, can't say it.
How do you like that? In fact, when you get on the plane, that's the first thing that they always tell you.
That's the first thing they always say.
It's a tale of in flight tension between a passenger and airline crew that started with grumbling escalated into swearing and reached a crescendo in Massachusetts State troopers met her at the airplane door.
Troopers met her at the airplane door.
On Tuesday, her travel agent informed her that American airlines had banned her for a life from its flight, which means she won't get to see old smoking or more.
They wouldn't even refund her ticket back to Miami, but the curse word and the treatment by airline employees that Lemurys says provoked is that the heart of the conflict that landed her in jail on Thursday charged with disorderly conduct and interfering with the flight crew landed her in jail.
Lemurys will be represented by a public defender at East Boston District Court, so she can't believe she could go to jail for being in a bad mood during a flight.
I didn't threaten anybody. I didn't beat anybody up. I didn't even put my hand on anybody's person, she says.
Her story comes at a time of increased tension in their travel when passengers are lodging more complaints about the airline and airline employees are setting a rise in unruly and threatening behavior.
After a few vivid examples of passenger violence, many carriers have established zero tolerance policies promising to prosecute disruptive flyers.
But passengers complain of being hurted like cattle, yes, crammed into shrinking seats, snapped that, lied to, and subjected to treatment that makes frustration boil into anger.
Boy, do they lie? That's one thing the airlines do better than almost anybody else in the world, they lie.
They tell you you're going to be picking it off in 20 minutes, they really mean like 45 minutes, they sit there and they tell you nothing.
I won't be back in a minute and let you know, and they give you all kinds of lies.
That's their motto by the way, all the airlines, not just, yeah, we're ready when we feel like it, not when you are.
So the events that unfolded on American Airlines flight 20, 40 nonstop from Miami to Boston, Volga International Airport last Thursday could be viewed as yet another till from the battlefront.
Lemurese 28 and Art dealer said she already had a lousy date by the time she boarded a plane in Miami about 11 a.m., her wallet had been stolen that morning, she was tired, she wasn't in the mood for a conflict.
This is an amazing story.
Midway through the two and a half hour flight, she rose from her window seat in row 25, stepped into the aisle to roll up some artwork that had become crumpled during transport.
At the time, the flight attendants were about to push the meal cart to the front of the plane and Lemurese was blocking their path.
On nearby passenger, Michelle Hudson said she overheard one attendant tell another that Lemurese had better get her butt back in her seat because if she gets stuck, that's her problem.
Lemurese said a flight attendant told her to move to an empty aisle seat, but by the time she got there, the occupant had returned from the restroom so she walked to the first class section and stood between the cockpit and the kitchen waiting for the meal cart to pass her row.
Three times Lemurese said she walked down the aisle to try to split past the meal cart, each time she said the flight attendants wouldn't let her through.
How do you like this?
She told me the effort.
After her third attempt, Lemurese recalled, she turned to the flight attendant in the first class section, said, I guess you're stuck with me for another f in 20 minutes because it seems that I'm under punishment.
The flight attendant currently told Lemurese that the words she used, the effort, was forbidden on an airplane.
Oh, this is the best! This is the greatest story in the history of America.
You can own an automatic or semi-automatic weapon. That's okay. You can't have a marijuana plant in your backyard and you certainly can't say the effort on an airplane.
You know, just before they start showing you about how to fasten your seatbelt or the oxygen tank, they always say, I never said that.
Lemurese answered that she was exercising her first amendment rights. The flight attendant then reported her to the captain.
I worked in construction for the last nine years, Lemurese said in an interview this week, that effort isn't such a great deal.
Within minutes, Lemurese who said she felt like a chasing school girl was arguing with the attendants that an opt-duty pilot was sitting in first class joined the verbal parade defending the flight attendants, of course.
Lemurese said the pilot jabbed his finger at her. She said she used the word again in a sentence that went about like this, tell the f in storage to get out of my way and I'll gladly get back to my seat.
What's wrong with that?
She should have said, tell the f in storage to get out of my way and I'll gladly go back to my f in seat. That's what she should have said and after you too, by the way, she should have said.
Lemurese said she demanded the name of the pilot, a flight attendant refused to give it to her.
So when another flight attendant asked for her name, Lemurese wouldn't tell her.
By the time the plane landed at Logan, several passengers that offered their names and telephone numbers to flight attendants, pledging to support them as witnesses, once as suckholes.
Hudson who said she was incensed by the cruise nasty behavior toward her own family that day, said she would support Lemurese.
She told the attendants that they were wrong. They were so rude, Hudson said they deserve the passenger response.
Reach Tuesday, American Airlines spokesman Mark Flitt rhymes with said he couldn't comment on the airline side of the story, but while American might not have a specific policy against swearing, he said the airline is tough on passenger misconduct.
If it gets to a point where passenger language makes a flight attendant feel threatened in some way or abused in some way, there's something we would find intolerably said.
Flight attendants are expected to be polite, but courtesy is a two-way street. He said passengers with complains should call the airlines customer relations department and file a report.
I guess while they're standing there trying to get back to the seat, pass the meal cart in the aisle.
Lemurese said she's considering a lawsuit and said you go, girlfriend.
Yes, who their ads and tell them to get the guy to have a smoke out of your eyes while they're at it.
When the plane, wait till you hear this, when the plane landed in Boston and Massachusetts state troopers hauled her off to the airport barracks and handcuffs and handcuffs, Lemurese said she was in tears, but by the time she was released on $50 bail five hours later, she was angry again.
This is an industry that promotes this behavior of lying in the seat and bullying. They're going on the wrong approach you said.
You're asking for what you get. You're really asking for what you get. FM, Patricia. Nice going sweetheart. Let them have it. American suck.
Oh! God.
Maybe you milked my jockey shorts.
There was an old farmer who was his own era. He's had in the middle just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the frick.
There being the waters there and on their marbles and play things and at that pass war.
There came a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white ploppy dung.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you thin layer from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
He asked her for a lightly. She'd show him her nisto best dog who was subject to fence.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her smoltener and with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy. So tasty made a butter-skot.
And then he spread with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her show.
If you think this is dirty, you can go to yourself.
116-560-122 and by the way, happy birthday to Marie and Greg Reed's wife who's birthday is today.
He said, be sure and say happy birthday to my wife. And I said, OK. And by the way, that's the check cleared.
566-10560, 560 on the mobile one line. That bonus check that I had a scream and holler and threatened to walk out to get yesterday, which he didn't mention that by the way.
I just thought I'd mention that myself. He looked kind of embarrassed.
Well, I guess that we just were coming in. 566-10560, 560 on the... Well, he always looks embarrassed.
I mean, you know, because when you see him, you know it's Greg Reed. Here's Halondale. Hello.
Neil? Yes, sir. How you doing? OK. This is the home of the brave, Van of the free, isn't it?
Yeah. Can't say the effort on a plane. Are you going to get arrested? How do you like that?
Right. I want to mention you something of our article.
That's absolutely what I make my reservations. I feel like I'm being held up without a gun when they give me the price. Yes, go ahead, sir.
Actually, a report I saw yesterday on Channel 7 about a priest. He had sent some pictures.
Apparently, he was talking to this guy. And he sent those pictures of him naked to the guy.
And of course, there's no... All right. Back in the church.
Yeah. Anyway, they interviewed him. And boy, he looks like a fine bag.
And I just want to let you know about that. And I appreciate your show and me and my wife love you.
All right. Lucky lady. See, a pal, by the way, speaking of that, that reminds me, none in Joliet, Illinois, arrested for racist graffiti.
How? Let's hear it. A 66-year-old nun has been arrested for scrawling racist graffiti in a hospital where she worked as a chaplain.
True story. Police said sister Dorothy Toeman, a Franciscan nun, admitted that she was responsible for graffiti found in the emergency room lobby.
And in a washroom at Provena St. Joseph Medical Center, she was arrested on Wednesday yesterday.
She confessed right away, said Joliet Police Captain James Grace. She said she did it because she wanted to see how the hospital would react.
Maybe she said the F-word. Oh, there for the old sister, huh? You go, girlfriend.
Toeman was charged with two consequences criminal to the basement of property, punishable by up to six to 12 months in jail.
She was released on $100 bond. The graffiti included anti-black and white supremacy messages.
According to hospital spokesman Clint Geese, she was fired immediately after a confession.
The graffiti began to appear after racist literature would distribute at the hospital and they, into separate incidents.
How do you like that? Here's a racist frickin' nun. But please don't say the F-word.
Because the rain in Spain falls mainly on the plane. And the flight attendants are pissed off about that too.
I got news for it. There's plenty of these flight attendants. I mean, I realized they have to put up a lot of crap. But that doesn't mean they're always right.
And the idea that you have to be, that it's like a kindergarten. It's kind of like a, playing hockey for Terry Murray. It's like a kindergarten. That's right.
Oh, don't you get out of order now and you stay right exactly there where I tell you and you don't say the wrong words.
You can't say the F-word on a plane. How about if you're having a private conversation with somebody and they overhear it?
I think you're still going to jail is what I think. Yeah.
This is one of the most incredible stories in the history of American news and nobody's talking about it.
Woman arrested for altercation because she said the F-word because they wouldn't get the F-and-cart out of her F-and-way so she can get back to her F-and-scene.
I say F-them. And F-American. I say American West and American Airlines. Those two suck.
And every now and then I do want to get stuck having to fly American Airlines and believe me, I'm not too happy about it.
Because they seem to kind of like, you know, take off whatever they feel like it and be ready whatever they feel like it, which is never on time.
And as much as I love my international airport, I know a lot of you hate it. I like it because I fly out of there a lot.
The only problem I ever have is when I'm flying American Airlines because most of their terminals over there any, but what I call a banana book part of the airport, yeah.
Where they're all going.
No speaking English. That's where you find the American part of the airport.
So once you get over there, it's like, oh boy, what just happened? Did I just wait? Did I, was I in a coma?
Time warp and I woke up in a foreign country here in a banana boat paradise.
Even if you're going like to an American place, you still have to go over there and that part of the airport, that's like no speaking English.
And then you understand why so many people resent going to MIA.
Where we going? Here's Miami. Hello speaking to MIA. Yes, sir.
Miami.
Twenty four minutes, 47 seconds. And it's not that they've vanished. You could just hear the phone go on the cradle right there.
Woo! Here's Boka. Hello.
Phil. Yes, sir.
Half on that's what I said. Hey, listen.
I haven't spoken much in there about the priest.
I'm listening, sir. I've been waiting for the material here. I'm...
I thought I lost it anyway, but let that one priest I was watching it on the news this morning.
He did leave and f**king this guy.
Yeah. He offered the guy $200 for a...
For what?
I left him at least.
He offered him $200 for what? For a hog.
Yeah. You know, like a...brake.
Let me take you.
Okay, well listen. Get a phone that works and call me back because it sounds like a mildly, a moderately interesting story.
Or not as the case may be, whatever.
Wow.
A little problem of communicating with the outside world here today.
$5670560, $560 on the mobile one line.
Nobody got any opinions about this thing with his poor lady here. My any woman know less.
Getting screwed by the airline. Nobody got any opinion about that. Nobody's familiar with this story.
About poor Patrice, Lemurice, whatever the hell her name is.
I'm on your side, sweetheart, Patricia.
I'm with you, honey.
FM.
FM is in the smallest junior. That's what I say.
FM all the way to the back to the terminal.
Can't say the F word on an airplane.
What kind of a...what kind of crap is that?
Just made it up. How about SH? Can you say that?
No.
Maybe they got a list of words just like the FCC.
You can't see them on radio. You can't see them on television.
And you also can't see them on an airplane.
I wonder what a plane is going down. You think that they say, holy...
They probably say, oh my gosh, this don't look good.
Yeah. They don't say, oh SH. They don't say that.
Because that's illegal.
They'll wind up in hell when they hit the ground if they do that.
Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello.
How you doing, Nail?
Okay, sir.
I'm not sure. I know it's not to subject you really want to discuss this morning.
But did you read this the Sun Send No this morning when they were talking about that?
I had the old IOD case with Brian Kyle.
I already talked about that. That's sure. That's last hour's news.
I talked about that in the hour ago.
I just turned it on. I'm sorry, Nail.
Can I make a comment about it?
Yeah. I thought I didn't know that they had made a...
They offered $30,000 to make the case go away.
I would have just let them fight it out.
Sir, you don't understand. That's a...
Sir, you don't understand.
It's a drop in a bucket compared to the legal fees they've had to pay and are continuing to pay.
So that's what happens with a lot of those bills.
Is that somebody will pay a relatively minor amount to make it go away.
Instead of paying hundreds of thousands to attorneys who like to keep the meter running.
Did he...
Did he sue Phil Hendry and the station or just the station?
Both.
And both cases are still pending.
One of the stories say they're not pending and was thrown out.
The judge threw it out.
They're filing an appeal. The story said, when in doubt, they threw it out.
Okay, so it's finally over and done with.
Sir, do you understand what I just said?
Let me say it again.
The judge, they didn't make...
The Brian Cox's attorneys didn't make any new pleadings.
And for an X number of months.
And if you don't do that, that means the case automatically gets thrown out of court.
It's finished.
They will file an appeal tomorrow.
But for now, it's finished over history.
Do you follow me, sir?
I follow you.
I follow you.
Oh!
Wow!
This is really special today, you know what?
Not that we're talking to crazy people or anything like that.
Right, couldn't have done a better myself.
Even with my Roth's wrote, what a hell didn't Roy want, by the way.
I keep looking for some other handout.
He wants to talk to you about something.
About what?
He didn't say he was going to charge in there while you were talking to that guy.
What do you mean he wants to charge in here while I'm on this?
This is a radio show.
He can't just keep barging in here, stealing cigars, stealing dill loads and stuff while I'm on the air here.
What the hell is that?
Throw it in here anyway.
I got to talk to your boy.
Wait till the break.
Let's get Patricia in here to give him the word, okay?
That's what I think the word is that Roy is looking for.
Starts with an F.
Love it.
I'm doing a spot.
Do you want to question me while I'm on the air?
I didn't want to do a doctor for someone.
You want to say anything?
Do you have some knowledge of the doctor?
I already did it last hour.
I'm going to be there.
I got a whole bunch of stuff here.
The last few weeks you haven't said a word.
The doctor.
It's your doctor.
It's for you.
It was just brought in here yesterday.
Sam, your man and there brought me this stuff here yesterday.
How could I have my supposed to be psychic?
They were telling me you'd say one word about it.
Because I didn't know nothing about it.
How was I going to say about it?
You're coming in here arguing with me about promoting go-alarm in the middle of-
I'm just saying that you say anything?
I'm on the air doing a radio show.
This is a microphone here Roy.
We're on the air.
We're on the radio.
So you don't want to go to the air to be in the sentiment?
No, of course I don't want to go to the air to be in the sentiment.
What's OJ got to do with it?
What's it going over?
He's a murderer too.
He's a murderer.
How about Ted Bundy?
Let's bring him back.
He's a murderer.
Did you see him murder anybody?
Are we going to have an old, I'm already a minute behind my spot here
for my good friends at Lou background.
It's unbelievable that you're coming in here in the middle of a show.
Did you, did, did, am I losing it or did I hear and see what I just heard in the saw?
Chocostella was looking up and down the hallway to see if OJ's out there.
This is, this is a crazy person.
Did I promote this call tournament last hour, which is written down over here,
which is given to me yesterday afternoon by Sam?
Yeah.
Yes.
Now he comes back again for more.
What is he doing in here?
Does he think I'm intimidated by him in that psychotic look on his face, which I'm not?
What, where's the program director?
Where is the general manager?
Where is security?
You know, I've been doing this for a couple of years.
And every, every few weeks I experienced things that I've never experienced before.
We're already two minutes past the break.
He couldn't wait another minute till I finished doing the spot to ask me about that during a commercial break,
which was coming up because it was so urgent.
We're doing this call tournament and I don't want OJ.
What do I care whether OJ's in it or not?
I got nothing to do with it.
It has nothing to do with me.
What kind of a place is this be generating into?
And he, and he failed to understand that I'm here.
Read my lips.
I'm doing a radio show.
This is a live microphone.
We're on the air, mister.
Roy!
This isn't a locker room.
Where is Patricia when we need her?
It's 11.29 already here at QA.
And Luke Backroad announces a fantastic clearance sale.
It only you can do the right way.
Well, there are a lot of reasons why they're the only ones who do it right.
Because first of all, if that is just one crappy old location,
they've got two great, broiled locations, easy to find.
The one where I always say, what was that?
Would you tell me what that was?
This man barges in here in the middle of a radio show,
which I'm already three minutes past the break,
and engages me in an argument about a stupid golf tournament
and I don't want OJ in it, which I don't know whether he's in it or not
and couldn't care less.
That's...
Duff has no idea.
Roy Foster, by the way, ladies and gentlemen, also known as Roy!
A crazy person!
Down through 5 points back then, though.
$50 in the gutter of a tattoo, though.
He said honey, got honey for you.
Oh, when you take them back, you're too bright or too bright.
When you hand down, hand down, hand down, hand down.
That's that shit's hand down.
Take your clothes off, G-E-S-F-S.
I brought a whole seat down that I could do this face.
Thinking of a big roll of his hat,
he'd only buy the felons if he'd tell where it's at.
And go!
And go!
And go!
That's an angry dog!
The girls tend to lift big fat guys.
You know how to make them all this right?
Back then, Chase was the shower in the house.
Who would leave the skatepark on the tower?
And go!
And go!
And go!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
That's an angry dog!
I'm the custom I chose.
Beyond my control, I may be so strong.
It is too easy to know.
If you're asking to run, I'll give this much.
Yes, I do.
I'll ask you to run, I'll give this much.
If you're asking to run, I'll give this much.
Yes, I do.
I'll ask you to run, I'll give this much.
I'm the custom I chose.
It is beyond my control.
I'm waiting so long.
The saddest you hear.
If you're asking to run, I'll give this much.
Baby, I see you.
I love you so much.
So we have it a good time, you know what?
No.
I say FM.
You know what I'm talking about?
Roar!
Andrew's girlfriend too, by the way.
Anyway, it's a 21 before noon.
Can I do this break, please?
Where I'm time now, we finally cut up the time that we lost before when a crazy person was here.
Can we just do the break now because it's your money?
I really don't care.
The 25 bucks isn't going to really change my life.
But I'd like to get the spots in and pretend we're running a professional radio station here and believe me,
especially emphasize the word pretend.
Can I tell you about my good friend, my pervert friend, Jeff Cohen, who was in here today.
He brought us a great feast yesterday and I want to tell you something about pizza lock.
No extra charge for the benefits you get from it either.
That's right, even if you've been plugged up for 20 years.
Even if you live like in sunrise, you can still go in here with no time.
And all you say, wow, the food was great and a no extra charge.
Please don't bring any more food.
Get this man out of here now.
Move that fat man.
Now we got another big fat crazy person coming.
We already had the food.
Thank you very much.
Goodbye, fat boy.
Go away.
Have a nice time.
We'll see you down there in High Ali at the old hand job joint.
Go away, please.
Again, but I can't get to a spot here today.
The audience must think that this is a stick.
I want to try to do a radio show.
Get the spots in for my good friend, Jeff Cohen, who's paying for a spot.
Not for fat boy running around here.
The audience is really excited to see you.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
lovem here.
$1,75,65,69, Jerry's
in the sndggor haro.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
So we were doing a show about it.
It's like I'm in a time warp, you know?
I was in a show.
Actually we were going along pretty good here for a Thursday
in the middle of the dog days, you know?
And all of a sudden it's like, like, do this all really just
happen now or is this again?
Like when I drove home from the airport on Sunday night
and forgot that the long stretch of 75.
And then we got fat boy who just doesn't get the message.
We don't want to see you, fat boy.
We don't want any more of your food.
We don't want to see you go away.
Take your suspenders, give them the Rick Janorette.
Go away.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
How you doing, sir?
Oh, great.
I got a couple of the stories for you.
I was out in the Greatest City, the Gamble in the World
and for that matter, Las Vegas.
It's in their table with Emerald Palace.
And this guy sitting next to you, I've never met before.
And he makes a comment that the cards are F and brutal.
The dealer gets offended.
She calls the pitfalls over.
Pitfalls says, sir, you can't use language like that to the table.
He says, I didn't say to the girl.
He said, I said to this gentleman, conversation.
Yeah.
So come and sit.
So now you're going to the conversation police.
So in other words, if you just have any
wrong conversation and say, well, what an F in place.
This is, you can't do that either.
Well, that's just to get up.
Neil, that she comes back because the guy
uses the B word with the girl.
And I said, listen, I didn't hear nothing.
She says, sure, this is how man is a guess of our hotel.
He can stay, but I'm going to have to ask you to leave the table.
They actually actually leave their casino.
I said, you know, place on pass, you need me to stay here.
I do need me more than I can.
What place was this?
Emerald Palace.
I don't even know where that is.
Imperial, I'm sorry.
Imperial Palace.
Oh, that's fucking bitch.
Yeah.
And then on the way home, I thought that was bad, man.
I'll tell you that.
I had a problem with Patricia on 4.
She, I was fortunate.
I didn't go to jail.
I was on the plane on the way home after having a rough trip.
Naturally, good time.
But lose money.
And the lady says, you have to put up your window shade.
I said, man, I'm not comfortable with take off and landing.
So I put it up and put it back down to you.
She comes back to, sure, you have to put that up.
I find, I go to sleep.
She wakes me up at the end of the trip to tell me again, sure, you have to put that
with never explaining why.
I said, listen, are you just having a bad day or are you just a bitch?
And she wasn't got her supervisor to walk in the ditch.
Broward shares escorting me off the plane.
They're going to press charges.
Isn't that something?
They can do whatever the hell they want to watch.
They can make us sit there.
They can lie to us.
They can sit there with no error in the goddamn plane.
All kinds of crap.
Get us there an hour, two hours, three hours late.
Lie about malfunctions with a plane.
Anything they want.
But if we whisper a word they don't like,
right away the cops are going to be waiting for you when you get off the plane.
They want to arrest me.
But the thing was, I never left my seat.
I said, how can I be disturbing the plane when two people, two rows of enemy,
didn't hear me speak to her.
And I never left my seat.
You obviously went back and asked them if I left my seat.
And they said, so the prophet, that's the one we can't put him in jail.
We would like to, but we can't.
I just wanted to share that with your audience.
Well, don't put a game on.
Don't be chronic.
That was a good day, Neil.
OK.
Five, six, I mean, this is the second time you've been lucky enough.
I mean, you haven't done the show very often, Joe, but I think this is the second time.
I think you were on the work in the first day when I had that concerto with Luane
with my close good personal friend, Screw Anne.
Yeah.
When she came down, see, that's where part of the problem lies.
Is we have too many incestuous relationships in this building with the wrong people,
some of whom don't belong in the building?
Maybe it's me.
Maybe it's your castle.
Maybe it's the vibes.
OK.
Maybe you attracted Roy.
Maybe you drew him into the room or maybe you caused Screw Anne to be sitting in there,
which I have no idea why she's sitting in here at the Sam's desk.
Because quite frankly, we like her a lot better when she's down on the second floor.
And we're up here.
Everything going along a little bit too well for these people.
You know what I'm saying?
The book comes out.
We're doing great.
Everything's going on a little bit too well.
They like adversity.
They like psychosis.
I don't.
Remember what I said about that tape for tomorrow.
I'd have one ready.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes.
What did they think they are?
Fing unpired?
Yeah.
Why don't they resign and mask and we'll have some people go up there at the connection?
I'm surprised they're not throwing people off the plane.
You're out of here, you know, like that.
But here, my thinking is, OK, first, why don't they just tell us the truth?
Northwest Airlines tells me what's going on.
American can't.
They lie about everything.
I've never flown on Northwest.
In fact, everybody I talk to tells me that Northwest sucks.
I don't know why.
Maybe it sucks, but they still tell you what's going on.
So now that they hit you there for hours late, but at least they tell you you're going
to be four hours late.
They don't tell you.
Well, it's going to be another 20 minutes.
Right.
They're 20 minutes.
I mean, they don't know anything about diffusing a situation up in the air, apparently.
I mean, come on.
Let's train these people how to deal with situations and forget.
Get their Bible something and put it back in church and forget about it on the point.
OK.
Thank you.
I just want to make sure he was done.
You know, he was rolling along the opposite.
That was it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
What did I say?
You know, you get like that guy to call.
I love that guy.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Hank Goldberg's out of flag with a day.
By the way, can you consider yourself lucky?
Hank, not lucky.
Can you plunge your brains out out there?
But you don't have to be here today.
Because we got crazy people running around this place today.
We got the Jimmy Johnson Show 5 to 6.
We got the Hurricane Hotline 6 to 8.
And then we have Jim Mad Dog Mandage 8 to 10.
Orlando, LVG, 10.
And after that, I'm going to bed.
I'm going to sleep.
And I'm going to put my head on a pillow for a long, long snooze.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Davey.
29 minutes.
And 5 seconds.
And gone.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
And of course, part of that problem was because,
Rol!
That's the way behind it.
That's why some of these poor bastards either went into a coma,
maybe even died while they were on hold there.
Because the whole show got screwed up.
But hey, we don't care about that.
It's only the top rated show on a radio station.
We don't give a crap about that.
And we got some crazy person running around interrupting the show
while it's on the air.
And Greg Reid's comment is, oh, that was pretty dumb.
Like that.
That was his comment.
Yeah.
See, because I think he's afraid.
If he opens up his mouth, it probably somebody might beat the crap out of him.
I don't want to mention no names.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, you know, I've done it.
Okay, sir.
You woke me up out of my coma here.
Hey, what's on that?
I was a slide attendant for a number of years for an airline down here in Miami.
And it was no big deal if people got out of their seats if you're serving a meal.
I mean, you'd tell the passengers, you're like, it's going to be two or three minutes.
But it's finished up the rail here.
You move it 15 or 20 feet and make it down.
I've done that.
You see it every flight you're on almost.
You see that happening.
I mean, when you got to go, you got to go for whatever reason.
And that's it.
And they accommodate you and you accommodate them.
And people are a little bit curious to each other.
You don't have to start getting wise with people.
Yeah, and I think we're just thinking with the airline cracking down on language.
I think they're running so inefficiently now.
And passengers are just taking it out on anybody that they can.
I guess it's driving to the passengers to an extreme.
And they don't have anybody to speak to, but the people that are on the airplane.
Yeah, and you better speak to them real.
It reminds me of when I was coming back one time on British Air,
which I'll never flag again.
I'm coming back from Amsterdam to London.
Now, the flight from Amsterdam into London is delayed because of fog.
Even though I had a long lag time, I still wind up getting there.
And we still finally land in time to make it.
And then, of course, we have to wait on the runway because there's a plane at our gate.
So I said to the flight attendant, I'm standing right there by the exit.
I gave him a ride to get off as soon as we ever get to the door open.
And I said, there are, do you think that you folks could call ahead because I have a connection to Miami, you know, out of London?
And I don't want to be like, she's, oh no, don't worry this fog.
Every flight will be delayed.
Don't worry. You have nothing to worry about.
You think I made, you think I made a flight?
You can forget it.
Oh, no.
I went running through there. I went through the security check.
I go running, of course, it's all the way at the other end as far as you can go.
And I get there, I said, boy, I guess I just made it, huh?
And she says, oh no, you're playing left two minutes ago.
Was that the same airline that you were connecting to?
Yeah, we're just scared.
Well, they should have been able to do that for you because they can't...
And they had seven people from the Amsterdam flight that were going to get on that flight.
They didn't give a crap. They couldn't care less. They took off.
Right. That's a day of your money already. So what's it matter, right?
It's not like you're hopping on a bus and you got to throw your change into the meter.
Let's face it, pal. Generally speaking, airlines suck.
I mean, they got you by the short hairs. There's almost no competition. They suck.
Yeah, they got you by the cajons.
Okay, pal.
Take it easy.
By the way, somebody had faxed this to me from the Wall Street Journal.
Today, Brazil's tourists, shows why gun makers are grateful to the US.
Tourists already disourced in nearly one and every 16 guns sold in the US plants.
The double its capacity at its Miami plant is here to keep up with the double digit sales growth.
It seems as if the tourists has lost much of its international market,
do the fact that 29 countries like Britain, for example,
have outlawed the sale of handguns.
So the company is now going into the production of bullet-proveds, too, by the way,
so now we don't have to worry.
What did I just get through saying yesterday?
Bullet-proveds for all the kids in school.
You know, now he's starting to get on my nerves, too.
What in God's name do you want?
Bullet-proveds for all the kids in school.
He's got the rodeo up like some kind of a like a floppy.
What do you want?
You know, Roger?
Our goal team?
What do you want now?
No, I know I joined time.
I did it on the airline.
I'm talking about my list of papers.
Who, Al? Who you?
You know, something like that.
The fact starts choking off the circulation to your little tiny brain.
Then you start losing it.
You know, it's a little penis, little brain.
You know what is last week with me?
You wasted the first 30 seconds.
Oh, you know what I'm sorry, Neil.
I was at the dentist at Ruth's Nell, where I'm dope.
But, really, Northwest is a holla.
But I have a two-guess thing.
And again, can I just tell you this story?
I think it was the one of the funniest stories.
It's Carrie, who used to live with Hepna.
She flew continental.
She was in the last row in coach, and there was a woman with a stump.
And she said the woman was fastic,
and her stump ship hit in the Carrie.
Her husband's a low life.
You should have switched seats.
But it's a holla.
It's truly an eye-fly American because that's my only face.
You only wish you would have been sent you.
You had gotten thrilled by getting the thumbs with that stump.
Hey, have you ever been with a stump?
It could be very exciting.
I'm with a stump 24 hours a day.
But this is not talking about your...
It's a text. It's a text.
I know. I just wanted to say how much I agree with you.
I know I fly every week.
The airlines are the worst.
Amsterdam, KLM and Northwestern, gross.
You're on a good airline.
You're right.
Anyway, I never want to take time because I'm on network.
You are not.
That's right. You're a big shot.
You suck on big time TV. I just do it in private.
That's right.
Thank you, Neil.
See ya.
That was outposting.
Anyway, it's three minutes till noon at 5.60 WQA.
I think I'm...
I'm just going to go like that all day.
I mean, what a profound line by our really big boss here, Gregory.
That was pretty stupid.
Yeah, that was pretty stupid.
Somebody else would have said, excuse me while I go fire his ass.
That's what somebody responsible person would have said.
You're QA and you're high and the least boy car tail.
I'm sleeping home watching TV.
Enjoying the beach and fire that really lives me.
But I know that it won't last forever.
But doorbell has to ring.
And that's just hope us witness.
The things they want to save me.
They say, want to save me.
And after I tie a yellow ribbon around on your neck,
You think I will drag your arm to sand my porch away.
If you still want to visit after, I drag your ass away.
I'll get out of the front.
I come to your house and I'm not killing to a thing.
So don't you come on knocking because I'll be waiting behind my O-03.
It's a 1203 at 5.60 WQA.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Don't forget Joe Kostello's auto racing show Saturday morning 6-7 before that great golf show we got.
Here's Orlando.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I was doing great.
I'm functioning.
All right.
I was excited to hear Joe Zagaki going to be on tonight.
Joe Zagaki.
Going to be on what?
On that corner.
On that corner.
Joe Zagaki.
He's going to be on her cool hotline.
Oh my God.
Hey, listen, I got a spirory port.
On this radio station, Joe Zagaki is going to be on.
No wonder this place is going to hell on a hand basket.
I'm telling you, I thought you got rid of him.
Anyway, I have a spirory port from up here in Orlando.
I guess it's doing mornings on cool 105.9.
Joey Reynolds.
Aaron Summers.
Yeah, we already heard that.
Yeah, and they got Joe nasty doing afternoons.
Joe nasty's up there, huh?
Yeah, he's pretty good, though.
I'm actually a lesbian.
He's pretty good.
Hey, have you ever, I know a couple weeks ago.
He's a good guy who's just misunderstood when he was down here.
Well, he likes Phil.
He called in the Phil Henry all the time.
Oh, he calls in the Phil all the time.
I bet you have Phil knew who it was.
He'd hang up immediately.
Hey, I know.
I know you hate real radio when you don't really like it.
I haven't heard real radio.
I don't know anything about it.
I don't know.
We're not in Orlando.
And the one thing I do hate is when people are like in Tampa
and Orlando and West Palm Beach start trying to make comparisons
between their radio stations there and stuff that they have.
It's literally radio.
I know.
Because I lived in Miami, you know, my whole life until a couple years ago
and I always listen to you.
And I had the same impression.
But, you know, Jim, I know a couple weeks ago you got that spy report
about Jim Phillips.
And he's all right.
He's okay.
I mean, somebody brought that up and then when I opened up an avalanche
a torrid of hate, we had 9,685 calls.
And all except two of them said that Jim Phillips sucks.
And I never heard him in my life.
And then somebody promised they were going to send me a tape of Jim Phillips.
And I'm still waiting for it.
So I can't comment because I never heard the guy.
I could send you a tape.
He's all right.
But the real talent on that on that station is the midday guys.
Yeah.
They call themselves the monsters of the midday.
Yeah.
It's kind of like, you know, you the bird and captain Dave on Zeta.
Uh-huh.
Kind of that type of show.
Great.
I could send you a tape of that too.
I mean, I know you hate the colors that come from Tampa and Orlando
like you just said they call up.
No, you know, you want to know it's not a question whether I hate them.
But the fact is just like you were doing now, the people talk about stuff
that nobody here knows anything about.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Like the people from Tampa always want to talk about Lasseter.
And nobody here knows who that is.
So it's pointless.
Yeah, I follow what you're saying.
Okay, listen, have a great day, pal.
Yeah.
Anybody know who that is?
No.
No.
5,675, 05, although they didn't know who Jim Phillips was.
And almost to a one, almost unanimously, they were like vehemently, violently hostile.
5,670, 560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Aspartane, the bad news.
I don't know if I'm, my head is just scrambled.
I don't know if I want to do this today because people are going to say,
well, there he goes again, spreading that evil propaganda.
And by the way, the doctor that fact handed that stuff, that crap that cocked off
from the internet about proctor and gamble and Satan and all that stuff.
That's more of that internet crap that idiots put on there and it gets circulated.
And it's just crap.
Okay, it's garbage.
And those people were never on Sally Jessie and it's just more internet swill from lifeless
imbosils.
My best advice is this.
Unless you're doing something really useful, informative, constructive, stimulating,
stay off the internet.
That's my best advice.
Unless you want to interact with crazy people.
And if that's the case, I don't have to do it with listen to the show.
5,670, 560, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in the lady mobile in Vokello.
Yeah.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
I'm one of those people who do the NAS radio in small town in Virginia.
But listening to you, my husband and I were driving up the road.
We want to know if we can contribute to Patricia's defense fund.
Wouldn't that be great?
Wouldn't it be wonderful because we've...
I hope she's soon as they're asked for about 20 million and collects 50 million.
Oh, I agree.
Because we've had problems with American and with North...
North-Worth?
Yeah.
To which my husband asked if they'd attended and he would like her into urinate on her because we were on a tarmac for three hours.
And they wouldn't let you get out of the loop.
To the bathroom.
Yeah.
Anyway, love you, chef.
Okay, 20 whole.
Pat, Pat.
5,670, 560, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Boy, do I have a splitting headache now or why?
I mean, just pounding, splitting.
I feel like I have an anvil hammer, right?
Just right above the...
The sinus is there, right in between the eyes.
Being pounded by a little guy inside with the Liberty Bell, just banging away and clanging away.
That's what I feel like right now.
So thanks a lot.
Roar!
The woman in my day, you asshole, you imbecile.
I guarantee you want to, he's another f***ing at one, yeah.
Oh yeah, just like Brian Cox is a f***ing...
I think Roi is a f***ing who, if he asked me.
20, what is it?
20.
Let's see, when a big hand is on the 12 and a small hand is on, okay, it's an 8 minutes past noon.
No, seriously, I'm in a time warp right now.
I don't know what day it is, what planet I'm on.
I don't know from Uranus.
I think it's about 12.08 here at 5.60 WQM.
I think the pressure is getting to him because not only do we have the Jimmy Johnson show today,
but we got this hurricane stuff starting now.
And I think that with all of these things that they're trying to jam in here now, you know,
plus that Gulf tournament that we had those promo spore boards here and I turned up in a waste basket.
Just too many different things that I'll go on at the same time.
And then Santa of course is in there and something must, somebody must be hitting him with an ugly stick
because he looked just like Louis Wannman I went in there before.
Is that incredible?
I don't know where he went on vacation, but maybe he went to Brazil.
You know, there are a lot of guys who are women and women who are guys.
So Santa didn't hit some kind of a transplant because he looks just like screw in.
Woo!
Look here!
And I think it's going to be as long on time as four times back,
we'll go through one sentence.
But then I'll phone it down to let it roll.
Oh no, no, no.
Don't think I can fly,
I think I can fly,
I won't spare a while my past won't go ahead.
And they'll take us on as many as once as I can.
And they'll take us on as many once as I can.
After we take care of it, we'll take care of you, okay?
And 12 of 14 at 5, 60 QAM.
Here's the piece from the paper this morning about air travel complaints rising.
The only problem is my friend John and Lake Worth faxed us to me,
but the alternate, the odd numbers here like 1, 3, 5, so, et cetera,
you can't read them, they're too dark.
But I've been able to decipher from the article.
It says what the acceptance of Southwest Airlines customer complaints about nearly every major US air carrier jumped sharply
in the first half of this year.
The best, in other words, the fewest complaints by far it says by far Southwest.
Now I never fly Southwest, I've never flown them ever,
because quite frankly, they don't go anywhere.
I mean, I think you can fly from Fort Lauderdale to Vegas on Southwest,
it takes eight stops.
You know, and it's one of those deals where they just fly low and they drop you out.
Yeah, right, yeah, it's a low budget thing, you know, low, low fare is low budget.
Yeah, you can fly from Southwest to Seattle, it takes 72 stops.
If you leave January, you will get there before the end of the year.
But the least complaint to get Southwest,
and maybe part of the reason for that being that they don't go anywhere long,
long halls, not from here anywhere.
Although this is nationwide.
Number two, I can't make out, I can't read it.
Oh, here it is, it's Alaska, that's right, that's one of the ones I can read.
Alaska Airlines, anybody here flying Alaska Airlines?
No! Probably John Henry, when he goes up there to, you know,
get on his 165 foot yacht.
The same guy that wants us to build a $400 million stadium form
with a retractable roof, that guy.
I must be crazy, I must be nuts.
Yeah, that guy.
Number three is Delta, which surprises me because as far,
see, you're going to think that I'm just a bad guy because I can't say too much good about any airline.
I used to be able to tell you, you know, air Canada was getting better,
and it's not really their fault, it's just that they've had all kinds of problems
with Pearson, the airport in Toronto, with runway closings and construction,
and so they're late all the time now.
But they generally pretty good, even though they're food sucks.
And they don't lie to you too much.
Continental number four, can't read number five.
This is the order of going the higher you get the worse it is.
America worst is number six, TWA 8, 7 and 9, I can't read.
And the worst of all of the worst 10, number 10, American Airlines, most complaints,
especially from the non-smokers.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you have managed to sit on the air last night?
Yes, I did, but we got in there Joe, one second please, we'll play it for you.
Come on, baby, come play with these titties.
There you go.
Boy, service, are we on top of it or what?
Yeah, the hell of a show going here today, until about 20 after 11.
Now, all of a sudden, the board is stinting out,
my hair is stinting out even more than it was before, my throat is getting raw by the second.
I'm losing my appetite for being here today.
I'm wondering if this place is coming totally unglued, and it's your, uh, seems like it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Two lines left at the board.
Let's try a lady in Miami, hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Good morning, Harry.
Good evening.
Okay.
Well, I've been hearing how you've been doing today.
I was doing great until about an hour ago.
I was having a really good day, and then all of a sudden, I had a crazy person come in here
and disrupt the whole program.
Well, I'll tell you, I sympathize with Patricia, and I do hope she suits the pan top of
them, because I believe you said that she worked for a country for a long time.
And I can understand that because I've been working for the automobile industry for over 11
years, and I work with nothing about mechanics, and it sticks to you.
Unfortunately, it doesn't sound sexy.
It's not feminine.
That word don't sound great coming out of a woman's mouth, but it sticks to you after working
with men for such a long time, especially in businesses like this.
But not wait a minute.
Not only is that what business do people on the airline keep in mind?
They're not doing a favor.
You're not doing a favor.
You're paying them, and usually through the nose, you're paying them a hell of a lot of money to
go to provide you with a service, to provide you with a flight from point A to point B.
And those people are supposed to be there to treat you courteously and make your experience pleasant.
And the idea that they're going to tell you what language is acceptable or not?
What the hell is that?
Is it Nazi Germany?
It's getting to be.
Yeah, we want to be so democratic, but we're getting worse than a lot of other countries.
We can be serious.
Okay, sweetheart.
Have a good one, darling.
Okay.
You go, girl, Patricia, while for you, sweetheart.
Oh, F-all of them, especially those American Airlines assholes.
And you know something, American Airlines, by the way, they really know how to win over the public.
Remember when they had all those cancellations and all the postponements where they had that strike last spring
and they were getting people pissed off by the millions and people were psychotic,
and I'll never fly this F-an-air line again.
Oh, you can't use that word.
Well, if you anyway, you know.
And then they've had all these flights lately, more problems than only other airlines put together last year or four months here.
The smoke and a cockpit and flights have it turned around.
They've had a space.
Can I say that on the air?
No.
A spate of problems lately.
So here's just one more way is to get up with one of the passengers who really wasn't not like she was throwing things or hitting people or acting like a crazy person.
She was just pissed off and fired up and I rate and getting impatient because they were scrolling with her.
That's all.
And so they got the goddamn state troopers waiting for when the plane land in Boston.
The storm troopers are waiting there to drag her off to the goddamn ovens.
Is that what it's all about?
Uh-huh.
Right here is the headline.
Air travel complaints rising.
American.
The worst.
That's what it says right there in black and white right in front of my post.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Yeah, I need to know how you doing.
Okay, sir.
I agree with you 100% about American Airlines and to top it off when you travel internationally to go surfing.
They charge you $50 each way per surfboard.
Anyway, but that's not even my question.
My question to you is.
$50 for what?
Do you mean to stow it?
Yeah, to carry it.
Not only do they charge you 350 rounds per surfboard, they charge you $50 each.
Each way.
Where do they stick it if I dare ask that question?
Who knows?
Who knows?
It stuck somewhere.
Get it up for now.
Yeah.
But listen, I have a question.
Uh, did Joseph Gackie get run over by a truck or something?
Is that what he's facing?
As a young boy, yeah.
I mean, verdict is no.
So, no, actually, the four plastic surgeons try to pull his nose back out so it wasn't inverted.
Right.
And embedded in this pussy, yeah.
All right.
That's all I wanted to say.
Have a great day.
You even know there's a lot of freaks going on.
Okay.
Here's the Gackie sucks.
Okay.
$567.0560.
That's one thing we can all agree on in this building.
Of course, except for Hank, who's got, I think Joe's got naked pictures of Hank and that billy goat.
And so, Hank, you know, he don't like Joe that much, but he never lets on.
$567.0560.
$560.
On the AT&T line.
God, it's only 20 after 12.
Jesus Christ.
I mean, usually you sit here.
You can see like a little light at the end of the tunnel.
And about an hour ago, I could see it too.
Now it's getting darker by the minute.
You know what I'm saying?
Roy!
Real dark.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
She'd seen a story on a news last night about the woman that was thrown off the carnival cruise ship.
No.
She was out of news.
I sure hope she didn't say the app word.
Okay.
No, no, no.
She was on one of these new smoke-free ships.
And evidently it was visiting three or four points in the Caribbean.
And at one of the stops, she purchased a packet of cigarettes on show.
I brought her back onto the ship.
Are you sure they were cigarettes?
Yeah, I'm on.
Put them in her cabin on her dresser.
Yeah.
When she came back, the cabin was locked.
She couldn't open it up with her electronic key.
And the following day, she was put off the ship, along with five other passengers.
Did you imagine that?
For what reason?
I understand.
Or having cigarettes on a smoke-free ship.
But was she smoking them?
No, she wasn't.
So another adjuster having them in her possession?
They kicked her ass off the ship?
Absolutely, correct sir.
Didn't give her airfare all the way.
This was on what?
Carnival cruise line?
A Carnival cruise line?
The one at Mickey Eerson owned?
That's the one, sir.
The one at Mickey Eerson, who's having a love affair with Mayor Pinger from the Dade County.
That one?
How do you like that?
Unbelievable.
And that's how she...
The good thing is that a stopper was taken over this country.
The word, a police, the...
Oh, you're in possession of a packet of cigarettes, please.
You can have automatic weapons.
That's okay.
Oh, you're in a packet of cigarettes.
Or a guy from a bit of joint.
You're going straight to jail.
Yeah.
To ask her off the ship.
And here she paid money on the summon to go on the cruise.
Not only that, but it was her daughters, whatever they...
Whatever the kids told her.
It was on the day of her daughter's wedding?
No, for the 15th birthday, they have that great big party.
Oh, yeah, we're at risk, yeah.
Well, I'm not sure it's that.
But there was a whole group on the ship.
She booked a year in advance, and she was with a whole group.
Oh.
Kicked her butt right off.
I would sue that, Mickey Eerson.
Well, that's $1,900 million.
He waited a bit.
If the ship is registered in Mont-Rovier, a Bumfork Idaho, who do you sue?
Would the Bumfork Idaho courts?
Well, that's evidently what she's going to have to do.
She wants an apology.
She wants a refund.
She wants her airfare paid for, and she's going to pursue it in the courts.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, sir.
As they continue slipping into public to Mickey, okay?
You keep spending your money to the nose to try to get treated right.
And then they're looking out for reasons to stick it to you.
Going out of their way to make your experience as unpleasant as possible.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Hi, I'm telling you I could hide the book.
Neil.
Yes?
Very simply.
I was so costage once on a plane from Newark to Miami lying every, like, say, half hour to an hour and a half.
We're leaving.
We're leaving.
We're at the gate.
We're not going anywhere in it.
It's got to my witness.
Seven hours later, we rolled down the time act and off we went.
Oh, my.
People have worked absolutely out of their minds.
I'm not like, did not what airline was this?
Continental.
Oh, puttinental, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
But listen, I want to mention a couple of things just to gross you out because I've lived in Miami for years.
A little while ago on that day, when in mall, I'm upstairs in the furniture department, kind of hearing some noise around the couch or whatever.
And low and behold, a woman is changing her kids' diapers.
And proceeds to, yeah, proceeds to take the contents and package over to the offices that were closed, you know, because it's a weekend.
Yeah.
Where this little package precedes, I'm sure to ripen over the weekend.
And another mall, again, this is no joke.
I don't think international mall or whatever on the lady's john.
And a little boy's there with the mother and apparently she can't take them in the style to do his business.
He was urinating, but she gets them up on the counter and he proceeds to pee in the sink.
This is over a spin of a year or so.
All right.
So I just thought, you know, these are alive in a while. It's third world.
If you want to book on Aspergaine, read Sweet Poison.
We'll never touch this stuff again.
I think I'm off right now.
All right.
Thanks.
All right, dude, bye.
Oh, I'll say, dude, not after that story. She had, oh, dude.
But it's not like she had, dude, as in, dude.
Hey, guys, have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind?
Like she asked, if you think it's making this bad, well, now you can with the Mr. Hanky Message Service.
Hello.
Howdy, ho!
I hear that you're having a little weight problem.
You mean?
That's right. You've got more kids than a Chinese omelette.
What the fuck are you talking about?
With the Mr. Hanky Message Service, you can get it all off your chest and she'll never even know it's you.
My gosh, you're consisting. I can smell it all the way over here.
You little muck. Girl, I'll kill you. You piece of shit.
If her ass is getting big, let her know. Call 1-800-Hanky-1.
And whatever you do.
Please don't say the answer.
Top 31 at 560 WQM. So here's the bad news. Oh, by the way, one moment, please.
Let me just go over here and get my last can out.
Okay.
This is my last time I'm in bivin' an aspartane by Pepsi.
Well, that's because we're out of our sole water south balcony.
I got my last little bit here.
Just a little tiny bit in my little tiny bottles itself.
Brody's a great guy, but just when you need him, most he doesn't show.
And so you got to make yourself sick with aspartane by Pepsi.
Which I do like Pepsi better than Coke, but nevertheless.
Here's the bad news. It says aspartane was not approved until 1981 in dry foods for over eight years,
the FDA refused to approve it because of the seizures and brain tumors this drug produced in laboratory animals.
The FDA continued to refuse to approve it until President Reagan took office a friend of Surul,
these are the people that make it, and fired the FDA commissioner who wouldn't approve it.
Dr. Arthur Hall Hayes was appointed as commissioner, even then there was so much opposition to approval
that a board of inquiry was set up.
The board said do not approve aspartane, but however, Dr. Watts' name, Hayes, overruled his own board of inquiry.
Shortly after Commissioner Arthur Hall Hayes, Jr. approved the sale of aspartane and carbonated beverages.
He left for position with GD Surul's public relations firm, the same people will manufacture aspartane.
How do you like that? What a shock.
Long term damage, it appears to cause slow silent damage, and those unfortunate enough not have immediate reactions that are reasonable-a-hooded.
It may take one year, five years, ten years, forty years, but it seems to cause some reversible and some irreversible changes in health over long term use.
Methanol, aka wood alcohol poison, ten percent of aspartane.
Methanol wood alcohol is a deadly poison, people may be called that methanol, was the poison that has caused some skin-row alcohol extend up blind or dead.
Methanol is gradually released in the small intestine when the methyl, whatever this is, group in aspartane and counter the enzyme,
Kymol trips whatever this is, sometimes on a new body that's in there.
See, people faxed me this stuff and you can't read haven't it.
It's real black, real dark like, yeah.
The absorption of methanol into the body is sped up considerably when free methanol is ingested.
Free methanol is created from aspartane when it's heated to above 86 degrees Fahrenheit.
This would occur when aspartane containing product is in properly stored or when it's heated.
It's part of a food product like diet gel, for example.
Methanol breaks down into formic acid and formalva hide in the body.
Formalva hide as you know is a deadly neurotoxin.
And it goes on and on and on.
It says heavy users of aspartane containing products consume as much as 250 milligrams of methanol daily or 30 times the limit that's been set by the EPA.
32 times the limit.
It says ethanol is an antidote for methanol toxicity in humans.
The troops of desert storm are treated large amounts of aspartane sweeten beverages, which have been heated to over 86 degrees in the Saudi Arabian desert.
Many of them return home with numerous disorder or disorder similar to what's been seen in persons who have been chemically poisoned by formalva hide.
In 1993 an act that can be described as unconscionable, the FDA approved aspartane as an ingredient in numerous food items that would always be heated to above 86 degrees.
Much worse on June 27, 1996 without public notice, the FDA removed all restrictions from aspartane allowing it to be used in everything including all he didn't bake goods.
How do you like that?
There you go.
So here's my last wig.
Oi!
A aspartane.
I last can.
So where in what products can we find this?
What do you mean by that?
I mean it's in everything?
Diet sodas.
All you diet sodas have.
If it says neutral sweet, that's aspartane.
That's a brand name for it.
Diet sodas.
Diet ice creams.
Diet jello.
Diet almost anything.
Almost anything else to diet on it.
Sweeteners like, you know, other than saccharin.
And of course we know that saccharin only causes cancer and laboratory animals.
So there you go.
There's the bad news on Nutriswend, you know, aspartane.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T Ritalst line.
Oh my god, I just took that one swig and I've got these pains in the side of my head and this awful headache and it feels like that little guy with a bell is banging and clanging away on the goddamn clapper.
Of course I already felt that way just after I put on the performance in here an hour ago.
You know something I still can't believe.
Have you ever had something happen in your life and like an hour later or day later you say, I know what happened but I still can't believe it.
It hasn't quite sunk in yet.
That anybody could be that stupid or that outrageous or that just barbaric in their behavior to put on a scene like that.
We can replay it on the tapes tomorrow.
That somebody comes in here and I'm a first of all you just know I'm sitting here and talking.
I can't be talking to myself although some days I feel like it but I can't be just talking to myself.
So obviously if my lips are moving and their sound coming out of here I must be doing a radio show.
That's what goes on in here.
It's a radio show dummy.
Goof Brawl, Jackass, Simpleton, knitwit, OJ Sucker.
That's what it is. It's a radio show.
You can't just barge in here in the middle and then engage me in some stupid argument about whether I'm promoting some stupid golf tournament or not.
That I just received the information about 24 hours ago.
That I already did one promo on this morning and I would be continuing to every hour except I tore them up and threw them away spasking and will not be talking about it again.
And then starts to bring in do I want OJ in it?
Because every conversation that this guy has with anybody, OJ has to come into it because the two of them are joining it to hip.
I don't give a flying crap about OJ but I think the people in this town have spoken because every time you look at a house anywhere the people said, oh no you ain't living here.
Go live someplace else, murderer.
And this is going on while I'm on a year begging please I need to do a spot.
You see this commercial copy I have mine? This is called a commercial Roy, a commercial, a spot.
Somebody is paying a lot of money for me to do an announcement here for them and advertisement, a commercial.
I mean I realize you wouldn't know what those are because you don't basically sell any.
You're just a face man but nevertheless and that too.
Oh man what's up with the company?
New from the makers of Uncle Josh's fishing baits and K.Y. brand personal lubricants, it's master bait.
Tired of using confusing and unreliable plastic fishing lures or squirming disgusting live baits.
Oh this is good.
Do those long hours in a boat with no bites leave you feeling bored?
I'm all done myself.
I think you can.
Now I'm trying new master baits.
Squeeze a little dab on your hook and end your palm and in no time you won't care if the fish are biting or not.
Oh yeah I think it's a big one.
Yeah.
Master bait.
Order today and you'll receive a free 100% Terry cloth master bait signature hand towel and a complimentary issue of field and stream swimsuit addition.
Don't let the big one slip between your fingers again.
But if it does, who cares?
Master baits.
Available at the Asperger shop.
Fisherwater and the perfect sip only with 1243 at 560 WQM.
Died of two calls on the board.
I'll tell you that 98 degrees sounded like that sounded real good to me.
I'd like to hear that 3 4 5 6 times and that 1 o'clock hour 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Talking about the airlines today about this wonderful woman Patricia,
which nobody seemed concerned about that.
Here's that 12 year old kid that weighed 600 pounds that's being tried as an adult in the death of that 60 year old girl.
Which we say about time.
And of course nobody cares.
You see one day they were whipped up about guns and about this lunatic from California and they're all they're all finished with that.
So don't worry about all you NRA people just relax.
Okay, the public psychosis out there.
That's all gone.
And then this crap about forward lottery on how it's going to enhance the city's image and it's going to be so great to build a stadium down there.
According to the Sun Central, nobody cares about that either today.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line.
See this is more the South Florida we've come to know and love.
People who just don't give a crap about anything.
They'll put on a good act for you once in a while.
And yet we finally riled up there for a few hours on election day on that penny sales tax.
That was pretty good.
But generally speaking, don't bother with them.
They can't be bothered.
Here's Carl spring.
Hello.
How you doing Neil?
Okay sir.
You got your talking about my favorite topic to complain about airlines.
And basically with me flying out of Florida now and flying out of New York in the past.
Usually I'm concerned as to whether the plane is going to be hijacked at Cuba or Saudi Arabia as opposed to anything else.
But above and beyond that, my single biggest complaint.
And if you want to talk about that I've seen.
What could be more obscene if I spend in five hours in a flight where maybe they let you have a total of maybe an hour.
And you're sitting next door behind the screaming, blabbering, flabbering, yelling, two-year-old.
Yeah.
Why don't they just put all the kids or all the families of kids in the back of the plane?
Right.
Leave them together and just...
I always said that.
You know how they have no smoking sections in airports.
I don't even have no children section on airplanes, especially in first class.
Now I will say this.
When I was going up to Toronto last day of Friday night there was a woman with a little baby sitting right next to me in first class right in the front row.
Right.
And I thought to myself, oh this is going to be a...
And that little girl, she behaved better than most adults do on a plane.
She didn't make a peeve.
She wasn't antsy and crawling around.
She ate her meals.
She went to sleep and she never made a peep who was phenomenal.
I can gradually do one.
I said, well your daughter is sensational.
About how old?
About two years old maybe.
Oh, that's...
You were very lucky.
Yeah.
Hey, I've got a book or old record.
I don't know if you're interested in it.
It's an annual of ice cream.
The biggest ice cream side they ever made.
Yeah.
54,914 pounds.
13 ounces is...
Total weight.
44,000 in change in ice cream.
9688 pounds of...
That was an annual Goldstein's house.
There you go.
Did she still have that statue with the finger in front?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Goldstein's unbelievable.
And then a year ago in New York when I was working at ABC, Him and Ron Gerr.
He's still the same only twice.
I know he's twice as big.
He's never changed.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
In fact, our Goldstein was joined.
They're like, Simon, he's twins now here on Jeremy.
It's all like one person now.
They just removed one head.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got about 2-3-headed open lines here and hour and a quarter to go.
It seems like about only four or five hours to go now.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm MTV.
We've got the fanatic show.
Yeah.
And they've got Britney Spears and the Backstreet Boys.
Both of them.
What is it?
It's on right now.
Right now?
Yeah.
331 on my small dish.
Yep.
Thank you, sir.
Yeah, I'm there now.
God bless you.
Eat it.
Everything like me around that person.
Like you're on cloud nine all the time.
You're just happy.
You're on the smile.
And when you think about it, you're just like, hey, you know how it is.
And like when you get off the floor with that person, you're just smiling.
And you're like, what is smiling?
Certainly.
I want to thank you so much.
That was...
And by the way, Britney, how young is too young?
Oh, and speaking of MTV, by the way, I'm so glad this gentleman called here.
Let's get to the important stuff.
You realize what day it is.
It's Thursday.
It's the main part of the show.
That's what my friend is.
Show me.
Eat it.
Eat it.
Eat it.
Eat it.
Eat it.
Eat it.
That's what I'm saying.
Eat it.
Yeah, that will bring the spotlight to my face next to the United Tom Hitchcock.
Thank you for that.
Something to look forward to anyway.
56670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
That'll do it every time.
Here's a mobile and four-letter dial.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you see the opinion page today on the stunt panel?
Yes.
The Kingsley Guide article.
I spent a half hour talking about it earlier.
I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry because I've had no other response.
If you're going to talk about it, please be my guest.
No, no.
I just wanted to make sure that you had seen it because it is disgusting.
You know, if you love it...
This is the only man in history who's ever thought of Fort Lauderdale and Cleveland in the same context number one.
Number two, it's the only man in the world who believes that Fort Lauderdale is developing in a one of the great urban centers in the world.
I mean, they must be dropping acid over there at the sunset.
They must be out of their minds.
It is unbelievable.
I mean, I saw their article about the pushing the stadium for John Henry and...
They had two editorials in already last week.
And now, here just a couple days later, now here comes another big push from the editor of the Dan newspaper.
Given us a big son of Dan's about the heart of an exciting city, baseball, it'll put us on the map and change our image.
This man's a crazy person.
The comparing Fort Lauderdale to Cleveland is unbelievable.
Isn't that incredible?
It's just unbelievable.
I mean, when you think of Cleveland, don't you always think, oh yeah, that must be...
That's just like Fort Lauderdale.
That must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah.
That's right.
He is.
You know, Kingsley guy gets your butt back to Cleveland.
Okay.
Thank you, dude.
Yeah, Cleveland, the mistake on the lake.
If we still had spring break in Fort Lauderdale, it'll be a great place.
That was the only problem is that we got too many old people.
Too many condos.
Too many old parts taken up the ocean front property there, which ought to be the most expensive and most valuable property in all of South Florida.
That's the problem.
Greedy developers.
Gray robbers.
And idiots like Kingsley Guy and the editorial board of the SunCentral,
who want to keep those evil casinos out, but let's build a stadium and really congest downtown.
And by the way, and also I forgot to mention in the papers this morning,
the Fort Lauderdale City Commissioners are saying, no, no thank you.
Davey has already said, Mayor Penis over there in Davey, he said, no, we don't want it.
No, no thanks.
We don't want it out there.
And now the Commissioners in Fort Lauderdale, not all of them, but the ones who have spoken out are saying, no, we don't think so.
We don't want neither.
So you can keep coming up.
I got an idea.
Why doesn't John Henry come up with the site of the day?
Every day he'll come up with a new, you know, we can just travel around in his helicopter, private plane, whatever.
And just every day come up.
Oh, there's a, it looks good over there.
Let's see if they'll build us one there.
Every single day.
Because this man, maybe he's sharing acid with Kingsley Guy and the editorial board of the SunCentral.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Evidently.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neon, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Great show.
Two things for you.
I got a Delta experience I had from Fort Lauderdale last week.
Delta to Fort Lauderdale with Dallas.
I know you know your plane.
So it was on the 757.
Right.
And we were able to go down towards 595, sat up there for an hour and a half.
Roll the cross.
When down the backside by the FedExplains, I grew a bone back to the gate.
Halfway back to the gate turned around.
Let me ask you, are they giving you any explanation is this is going on?
No, no.
They said that something, some kind of a mechanical problem.
We got halfway down, we cut across runway 13.
Cut across that.
I was back.
And then I went back up and then took off.
Three hours later.
Three hours later.
Three hours.
And how often were they giving you updates?
Probably every half an hour, but it was always working on it and we're going to get to you.
They did your dream to bring your dream color around once.
No, that was about two hours.
But they still charged you if you bought a beer or anything like that.
And I had scuba diver the guy who's an American Airlines pilot and he flies 800 and 800 from Miami to Bogota like three times a week.
And he told me that those most of the pilots and copiolids for American carry handcuffs in the top of their hat, inside their hat.
Really?
Yeah.
You said that in case they have to restrain somebody out of control on all these stuff.
Probably to the flight attendant, I think.
Probably to the airport too.
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Other show now.
Okay, there's another guy who survived Delta.
You're naming an airline that you would say is really great, you know.
I mean, Virgin Atlantic, I had a real good experience in what are they called upper class, which cost a lot of money.
When you get upgraded for free, thank you so much Richard, my good close friend.
I sure hope that happens again this next time.
I'm praying.
Upper class is great.
Premium economy, what they call it is like not so great.
Especially, I mean, a premium economy is like two grand to fly from here to London.
I mean, that's that's cheap for like not to worst the seats on a plane.
That's not too bad.
But when you're spending two grand, you would expect not to get a meal where everything is wrapped.
Even the roll is wrapped in plastic, bubble packed, the roll.
And then the dinners are like in little trays like TV, like TV dinners.
You know what I'm talking about?
In foil.
Oh, would you like the chicken or the fish?
I mean, oh, oh no, please not that again.
It's like air Canada.
Like I said, as much as I like them, and they do like me most of the time.
But never would eat the food on there ever again.
Do you want the chicken or the mahi mahi?
Every single week, every flight.
I could fly every week on it, Eirline.
You want the chicken or the mahi mahi?
Or you want once in a while the chicken or the beef, the mystery meat.
And then of course, at one time it was how would you like to try a great gourmet pizza?
Oh my god.
I've eaten, I've chewed on cardboard that was more tasty than that.
We've said it so many times, a million times before,
forget about gourmet cooking.
Okay? Nobody with a brain goes on an airline and expects to get a gourmet meal.
Just give us a nice sandwich, have it catered by arbise, by Wendy's,
by, you know what I'm saying?
Wouldn't that be great?
By McDonald's even, at this point, you know, it would be a huge improvement
over the swill, the slot.
That chicken or the mahi mahi?
Oh.
God, that safari mix is pretty good.
Oh, that's my favorite, yeah.
The mystery mix.
Here's a mobile and coral spring, hello?
No.
Yes sir.
Have you ever flown tons of it?
No, I hear it's great.
Oh, I went to Italy about a year and a half ago.
Through Frankfurt?
Through Frankfurt.
Right.
And I'm telling you the best.
The only delay we had was coming back,
actually it was going from Frankfurt to Belonia when we had to stop,
and it was because of a snow storm.
But other than that, I mean, you know those Germans, man.
I mean, on time, right in that.
You will get there on time or else, that's right.
Two, two million dollars.
You got a woman, a big woman in the leather with a whip standing behind a captain,
and she makes damn sure we get there on time.
Exactly.
Everybody very polite.
They got, they had two meals on the flight over.
They show you that projection screen, and I was flying coach.
They give you two meals and a snack, and you can have wine, soda, water,
as many times you want for free.
Yeah.
They've got, they've showed you the screen that tells you where you're at,
and how long you've left on the plane.
Yeah, they pretty much all do that now.
I love that.
That kills a lot of good time.
A great, great airline.
If you don't win, anytime you're going back over, I don't know if they go to Amsterdam
or any other place you go.
Well, no, if you fly from Miami, you have to go to a Frankfurt first,
like you know, and then you do your connection.
Right, exactly.
And I'm telling you, I've never flown an airline any better.
How was the food?
The food was excellent.
Really?
And it was two meals.
Yeah.
I mean, it was just that every meal you get a little dessert
with it, one of them they had chocolate moves.
They had, they bring out these real high-class chocolate bars for snacks.
I mean, just unbelievable.
Great.
And that was coach.
I mean, first class.
I don't know the answer.
Yeah, but you know, first class, do you have any idea how much it costs for a business class on there?
I think it's like 50, or 6200, I believe now.
My tickets were only 800 bucks.
For, yeah, for coach.
Right.
And they have two, they have two different first class.
They have the first class in a lower level,
and then the plane I flew on had the second level.
Right.
So this is what goes on there.
747, right.
Okay, then light, you had a good time, pal.
Super.
Thanks.
And watch out for that bratwurst.
567, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Starting at a little feeling back in my arms and in my lower extremity.
What are you laughing about?
It's not a joke, I'm sitting here like, no, mom.
I'm just, you know, the last hour and a half I've been going to get inside.
My parts are churning like, am I really doing this here?
That experience was just so indescribable.
You know, probably some people in there, I said, oh, that must have been sick.
That was, you know, that was a joke.
It was not a joke.
It was a sick, twisted, pathetic piece of totally unacceptable,
aberrant behavior.
And Gregory Benjamin Reed, our general mangrove, the best he's got to say is,
that was pretty stupid.
Is he standing here scratching that gigantic hole?
And is that, that keeps getting bigger and bigger?
Pretty soon his whole brain or what you weren't used to be is going to be exposed
if that hole keeps getting any bigger.
Greg.
Oh, there's the back door, boy.
There's my boy.
Yeah, I guess it's about what.
It's the same shape of your head.
I hope the whole thing goes on with the gym.
It makes me feel better.
Yeah, Kevin, don't go to the gym.
You never know who you're running there.
That's what Bluff said.
Yeah, stay out of that gym, baby.
Because you never know who you're going to run into there.
Get off your duck, right?
Yeah, that's what you're doing here.
Who?
I'm here.
Who's my day.
It's not just the one to two hours.
It's a phenomenon.
How young is two young?
I know that you keep on checking up my body.
Yeah.
I don't play you because I'm so with you.
I'm here.
Yeah, all my breath is poking up my foot, that is me.
All right.
Come on, listen to me.
I'm just putting some money.
And I found a star.
I can't wait for you to come on a day.
Are you sure?
You should be happy.
Because you could go to jail and just leave with me.
You let the friends on me.
She was 25, but she's just a thief.
No, I'm a thief.
I've been my life, I've been free.
Daddy called me a cop in my life.
My dogs are perfect and weak.
Because I've had so many.
None of my girls can change my name.
My book doesn't seem right now.
Oh, my show.
I'm a black com.
Shhh.
Shhh.
You should be scared of her.
Yeah.
The mental.
And she's supposed to be the best guy in the five.
What a guy.
She's above in my life.
Shhh.
Shhh.
Shhh.
Shhh.
Shhh.
Shhh.
Shhh.
Shhh.
103 at 560 WQM 5607 0560 0560 on a mobile one line.
Oh yeah, there's our buddy.
There's old Buford.
Buford Pusser, a furrow junior, whatever his name is.
One count of murder, five counts of attempted murders.
I say 6,000 years in jail and then put him in the uproot here just to make sure.
Yeah, he tried to commit himself to the Fairfax psychiatric hospital in Kirkland,
but the government's Seattle last year, then was arrested for pulling an iPhone several staff members
and told them sometimes I feel like I could just lose it.
There were no warning signs that the sky was in our case.
We're there.
No.
165 days in jail.
And probation.
Well, that's pretty stiff, you know.
Five months.
Turn him loose.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I'm going to lie in employee calling.
Yes, sir.
And most of the points are valid.
I think one of the issues there are a lot of needs to be resolved is a communication problem
between what's going on to the problem of departure time, or the passing year.
But I think the majority of people feel like I do.
And that is at least give me the truth.
Don't stall around with me.
Don't pussy food around.
Don't lie.
Don't be blue sky.
If it's going to be 45 minutes, tell me 45 minutes.
You know, I mean, I realize they can't always give you an exact number.
But at least give me a ballpark and don't lie and string me along.
That's what gets people frustrated and really pissed off.
I agree with you 100%.
And I confront a lot of passing years from last time.
And at least on my behalf, I tried to be honest.
I told them the way it is.
And most time, I would say 95% of the time, passing you will come back and say,
thank you for being honest.
And I know the fact to it is, people sometimes that the frequent fall is pretty much
no what's going on.
Other people, they are made late by the travel agency.
They are missing form.
They don't get any information prior to the trip.
And that country used to a lot of the problems too.
And unfortunately, it's nothing you can do on that aspect.
But I agree 100%.
Most of the problem, if people be honest and the communication will be guided.
Channel through the right channels on the beach, explain it to the passing years.
I think most of the problems will go away.
Okay.
There is other issues too.
We have been healing right now.
Okay.
There is other issues that passing you have to understand.
They are not going to have any control.
It's storm.
They are reporting Miami for example, close.
During the so many times, it can close maybe 20, 40, 50 times during the day.
And they are not going to have any control over that.
So they have to find out the facts before they proceed and get all to them.
But just tell us what the story is and don't give us a big song at the end.
And also don't just leave the past year sitting there in silence, starting the mudder and grumble and wonder what the hell is going on.
Just come in and out every now and then I will get on a flight.
And usually the captain will come on after you get to cruising out the dude and give you a little announcement.
And what the weather is going to be when you get to your destination and how long it's going to take.
Sometimes I've gotten on flights.
They don't never talk to you at all.
I agree with you on that.
Well sir, it was good talking to you. You have a good day.
And thanks a lot.
I just missed place to CD.
I know I'm losing my mind.
Okay. I just missed place Britney Spears.
Or with any other one I wouldn't be so excited.
But I just missed place Britney Spears.
I think Britney is vanished.
Just disappeared.
I know I'm losing my mind.
You know who's called it is?
Roy!
Yeah.
Not that I want to go back to that more than two or three times this hour.
Here's a call from the DC jail.
Here I am.
Yes sir.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hello.
I like the issue question.
I just changed the subject to one thing.
Yes.
You always read inside the papers on news how much day county is going bankrupt and the late
race and fines are told and everything.
Right.
You know how much money they put inside the day county courthouse systems paying for inmates,
for legal defenses, and sitting here for long periods of time?
No I do not.
I've been here 28 months in day county jail.
I still don't know where.
You ever sound same?
Yeah.
They keep the city of Sydney away for trial.
Every day the taxpayers got paid for me here, paid for court decision.
What are you charged with?
First free arson on a mattress.
I went to the five-year prison in Everglades, Crescians.
I fell asleep and stayed right in the corner of my mattress with a smoldering.
I had a first free up in Sydney here.
So you threw a nice up.
First free arson on a mattress?
This is occupied or the other inmates live in the dorm.
They charge you a first degree.
I've been sitting here since April, 1987.
And they got to pay for state appointed attorneys from the streets.
Every kind of court expert comes.
That's $225 for a doctor to come see you for five minutes.
His taxpayers wants pains.
Everything pays my housing, pays everything.
I'm going nowhere.
They keep on coming with a plea offer.
Which is what?
140 months.
They prison time for less than $100 on mattress.
140 months.
Yes, they prison time.
It comes from the public.
Where can you get that?
It'll credit me the 28 months that I was sitting inside the county jail.
For arson on a mattress?
Yes.
Anything I say I can prove it in black and white.
I have been to four lawyers because lawyers have been handling.
They were state appointed pro bono.
They have every six months.
They get squeezed around.
I get a new lawyer, a new prosecutor.
A new judge comes in.
I just read every day on the newspaper.
You're on all the shows.
You talk about criminals, this, man on TV.
What his taxpayers, his taxpayers, has he knew where their money is going to?
Is that he's courting out to the paying for correctional officers over time?
And everything?
Okay, well, Teddy.
Listen to Powell.
Hang in there.
Good luck.
Okay, thank you.
Don't throw it again.
Arson on a mattress.
Oi!
Don't take any bullshit on him.
Oh!
It can't be bad!
It can't be bad!
It can't be bad!
Like that's where we come from.
Let's win the Garland pizza with the onion.
You got yourself a little closer.
Believe me, nothing could have been gross up.
But you're a dragon with a big bat and visible plan.
And you didn't do nothing about it, you're the blame.
You knocked me over, man, and I don't judge.
You got a funny stuff.
I believe you're too much.
And you're a mouthwash, breath, man.
And a good rinse.
When you start to talk and everybody left, happen to say,
Better take action on your oral offense.
The order, rise your mouth for a loser's friend.
You're too big.
You're bad, bad, and breath.
We just can't take.
You're bad, bad, and breath.
You need to be.
You're bad, bad, and breath.
We just can't take.
You're bad, bad, and breath.
Okay, my line, here's my landing candidate.
That's really like, you know, small.
There you go.
115 at 560 WQM, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
We got thank, Holberg.
Show it flag with it.
Any interest in that place?
No.
And then we got six o'clock or five o'clock, the Jimmy Johnson show.
Jimmy, Jimmy, I didn't tell you.
That promo he does.
It just, it gives me goosebumps in my nostrils.
We got our chance.
We got our chance.
To be something special.
We got, yeah.
Okay, whatever you say, Jimmy.
God.
20 years for overacting for him.
In fact, let the guy with a burn mattress let him out.
Stick Jimmy in there for 14 a month or whatever it is.
What is it?
140 years?
Stick his ass in there.
And then after we got the Jimmy, Jimmy Johnson show,
we got the Huracoo hotline come up six to eight o'clock.
How do you like that?
Anybody excited about that?
The hurricane.
F***ing blow.
And then the mad dude.
Eight to ten o'clock.
Orlando, Al Zagiri, at 10 because we couldn't get anybody else.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Couldn't we get the soccer guy?
Who's the guy that comes in and talks about soccer?
Everybody wants to be two years?
Phil Shane?
Phil Shane.
Let's get Phil Shane talking soccer, huh?
No.
No.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time with their occasional caller.
I think, Jimmy actually says, Stasial, the special.
I guess that's that Oklahoma accent pointing at his.
We got a change.
We got a change.
I think he needs assistance.
Yeah, I think he needs your serious help.
Oh, yeah.
Never met a gangster we didn't like.
He's about one string away from falling, I think.
I didn't see this living guy.
I think he's about four losses away from history.
No doubt.
That could happen in the first four games.
I'll shut everybody up in his town.
Livingston Guy's article.
I didn't see it, but personally I think.
I think Kingsley Guy.
Livingston Guy?
Is it Guy or Guy?
Guy.
He's a Guy.
I like four losses.
I don't think it's such a bad place.
I wouldn't say it's great.
I mean, the word great is throwing around too much.
Wait a minute.
It's not a question whether you're lucky or not.
He's comparing it with Cleveland.
He's saying that it's got an image like Cleveland used to.
Before they got to stadium and build a few buildings downtown.
I don't know what he's talking about.
I was actually in Cleveland five or six years ago.
And there were things happening down there.
That was before the new stadium was there.
I went to the old stadium.
I actually thought it was going to get a home run at the game.
But the flats were being developed and there was restaurants and bars and stuff happening.
And it was on the water and everything.
I mean, you couldn't...
Could you describe how many people would have to be...
Or uprooted to build a stadium in downtown for La Rida.
Do you have any idea?
You know, I thought they were thinking of building it west of 95
where this old shopping center was.
And that was part of the land they were going to use.
But if they're thinking east and north of Broward,
then they are going to have to buy out a lot of people.
And you know, it's probably never going to happen there.
But, you know, I don't really know if it would be a good thing or a bad thing anyway.
It's a beautiful city, I think, for what's down there.
The waterways and everything.
And there is development.
And real estate properties of estclaid it a lot.
So, you know, I think it's kind of a nice place.
I was down there the other day.
Because I had to go pay for an ad at the Sun Sentinel.
They needed the money out front.
And I think I found out how they're going to pay for the estate.
And if they do build it down there.
I went into the Sun Sentinel to pay for the ad.
And it's actually like a little gift shop.
And they had 1997 Florida Marlins World Championship Banners for sale for a buck.
So they're going to sell about 300 million of those.
I think those Wayne and Hat Pingu are dartboards.
They could make some good money with that.
Absolutely.
And the Sun Sentinel T-shirt and everything, man.
Let's see if you can hit Wayne and the Hat Pingu.
Love you, Neil.
Okay, thanks.
566705, if you can find it.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Won't be long now.
Won't be long now to stick in the puck.
You can almost smell a cancher.
Yeah, coming from out there in sunrise.
Here's a mobile and candle. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Where does Mandage get off saying what he says on the air?
Why not?
He said the D word on the air last night.
What?
The D word penis on the air last night.
So what's wrong with penis?
No, he said the D word.
He was talking about that new movie.
He was talking about Dick.
No, he was talking about...
I don't want to...
I don't want you to quote it.
No, I won't say it.
He said he was talking about Joe Namus X-Wife married a penile implant throughout in California.
Thanks, Patel.
This guy operates on the board.
He...
Listen, get a new phone, Patel.
Now, what did Mandage say?
Come on, baby.
Come play with these titties.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
See, it's a sports show.
Sports guys can say...
They can say...
The perverts like me, we can't say...
crap.
In fact, we haven't had to have like a special guard if we take one.
Make sure we don't do it the wrong way.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
40 minutes until a Hank Goldberg show comes along.
And believe me, Justin, then it could time today.
Let me say it again.
A case hangs out there listening between races and flags.
Trust me when I tell you, you're real lucky to be out of the building today.
It's nervous breakdown time.
It's for whatever reason.
I'm not really sure what it is.
The troops are crumbling today.
They're just falling apart of the seams inside here.
Here's a mobile and candle.
Hello.
I'm Danielle.
Yes, sir.
No, they got what I was trying to say.
I used the word Richard for what Matt had said.
He said Joe named some wife left him for Richard's doctor in California.
Oh boy.
Maybe the doctor's name was Dick.
Yeah, do other things.
They got with the mattress.
They offered him a plea bargain to turn in everybody who's staring the label box.
But he turned that down.
Yeah, that's right.
That's 15 to life.
You can tear the label off.
You're damn right, baby.
You can't throw weapons on a problem.
You can't throw it off.
But you tear that label off.
It's a now.
15 to 20 returns in Florida.
The warning is written right on that.
It doesn't say anything about burning it.
In fact, this guy don't realize he got nailed on that new mattress statute.
It's getting off easy.
And the other thing with Henry trying to build that new stadium looking for public money.
I mean, I'm thinking about McDonald's franchise.
So I figured if he can get a stadium built for his private business,
why can't I get somebody to build me a McDonald's franchise?
And let me start right here.
I want to open up a gigantic steakhouse about five times the size of Ruth Chris.
But I just don't have the kind of cash to put down on it.
It would cost probably about six million to build it.
Let's get a fantastic going.
Okay, sounds good to me.
I'm a mattress tax.
I'm not a material.
Okay, thanks.
We'll get a tax out of those tags that you're telling off your mattress.
You know the ones that say, do not remove this under a penalty all-off?
Because the, uh, the boogie man or the two ferry that's hiding under your bed will report it to the mattress police.
And your ass will be in big rectum trouble and deep dude, who baby?
Woman says the effort on the plane without getting violent,
without touching anybody, without getting re hysterical or going ballistic.
And right away, you can't use that language on this plane.
We have the language police on the plane.
And you know what I say to you people on the plane who are all uptight about language?
FIA.
That's what I say.
FIA.
Got to goddamn stormtroopers waiting for it.
Logan International Airport in Boston.
The American stormtroopers are there waiting for Port Patricia.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
The problem with that guy from Miami who worked at the airlines?
Remember him?
I sure do.
Man, that's what bothers me about Miami.
We can't understand him.
What airlines do you work for?
Desi Lou Airlines?
Banana boat airlines.
Oh my god.
And we'll say what kind of plane coming in?
That's what he said.
The plane.
I thought I was going to be able to say it for the accident.
That's what the analyst is going to come back from Las Vegas or anywhere outside this place.
Yeah.
Everyone speaks English.
Yeah.
You know something when it depends on what part of the year for you hang out.
Like I said before, if you're in that terminal where American Airlines is,
you definitely feel like you're a baby in the middle of Brazil somewhere.
You know, but uh.
Now what I say.
What do you say?
What is it?
Not what I said.
So what language are you speaking now?
Not what I say.
Okay.
What is he, what do you mean?
Okay.
567-0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Did anybody know what he's uh.
No.
Talking about now.
I think he just lost it.
Maybe somebody showed up at his door.
Yeah.
Maybe he just came in.
That could be it.
Maybe a big black guy named Bro.
Just there came in there.
Yeah.
I'm starting to have a real bad relapse.
You know, I, it's a good thing I mentioned to several people this morning.
I had that scratchy throat coming back and I bought these uh.
Rikola.
Because I have a real nasty scratch.
I have a feeling after a nice meal tonight.
I'll probably feel pretty good, but just uh.
Not good enough to be here tomorrow.
567-0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's four waterdale.
Hello.
Hey, mail.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to top everybody.
I'm going to roll and should I.
I'm leaving tomorrow.
You want to wear?
I'm going to roll that and should it.
Tomorrow.
Yeah.
I got one.
I got one of those little portable DVDs there.
So I'm going to bring it and watch porn of slicks on the plane.
I'm not going to say it all hard.
Great.
Especially if an inviator is on a screen complain about it.
Maybe I can get a little bit of a screen.
Yeah.
You can watch it.
You just can't say it.
See something.
Yes, sir.
In fact, I think you can do it too.
Just don't say it.
Because I know you hang up on people for this to be telling me that if there's one place that
you're saving your normal hamster then can you give me one place in each city to go to?
One place that you would see?
Oh, or a restaurant or something.
If no, you don't like you with that recommendation.
No.
I can't say that.
I can't say that.
There's no such thing as one place you would see.
I mean, in Rome, go see the Spanish steps, okay?
That's you.
All right, now thanks.
I know.
I mean, you sound disappointed.
You just asked me.
It's not like a restaurant.
I don't know if you have a favorite restaurant.
I do have a favorite restaurant.
But it's a little trotteria.
And I can't take the time to explain to you.
I mean, Rome is a huge city.
And I can't tell you in which part of town it is.
It's right near the train station.
It's on a corner of a Princham Amadeo.
It's right next to the star, a Metropolitan Hotel.
It's downstairs, a little trotteria.
And it's right next door to it.
But it is so if you're in that part of town, you know, overlaid by Piazza della Republica.
Yeah, I'll give it a shot.
Okay.
Thanks, dear.
But they're all great.
Have a great time, man.
You'll love it.
And then Amsterdam, like I've told everybody else, just walk outside, look around.
That's all you need.
Just walk outside, look around.
You'll find your own stuff.
Believe me, if you can't forget it.
Just blow your brains out.
You're all done.
Just forget, just forget, just forget, just forget, just tell me what your problem is.
Listen to me.
It's a stand-byne steam for sofa king.
You understand?
Where everything is helped at a high sofa king's standards.
The selection isn't just huge.
It's sofa king's huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And sofa king's prices aren't just low.
They're sofa king low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I take sofa king as a beautiful store, I mean sofa king beautiful.
When I say, Steph, it's helpful.
I mean sofa king helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the sofa king and enjoy a selection that's sofa king huge.
A stat that's sofa king, courteous.
And prices that are sofa king low, you'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me.
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You set a Frankie sofa king foot.
130 and 560 WQM.
Here's the fact that I clarify that burning bed guy who may be reading too many for a faucet story.
It says the arson guy is a call out of the Rick and Suds.
How do you like that?
You ignorant slut.
He was the arson on the mattress with a prison mattress.
He was already in prison for trying to burn somebody's bedroom down while they were still in it,
because they pissed them off on one another.
I don't remember the details, but he's in that case.
He says Robert, thank you Robert.
I say 140 years sounds good to me.
Look at that.
Look at the way that phone is sitting out real nicely here in the last half hour.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
You were talking earlier about the airlines and how they rate and attendance and so forth.
There's one airline you mentioned which is American Airlines.
Do you know they cancel your frequent flight miles every three years?
No, they just announced they're going to stop doing that.
Wasn't that peachy keen to them?
They just announced this week that they decided, well it's not such a good idea.
We're not going to do that anymore.
Unbelievable.
They was the only airline that was doing it.
Yeah.
They suck.
I'm telling you they're awful.
Anyhow, I'm out of material.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, they're kind of like QAV.
You know what they know of and about.
They know how to give you a better example.
They're more like Wayne.
Wayne and American Airlines.
They know nothing about public relations.
All they know how to do is piss off the customers.
Just like Wayne.
That's his specialty.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Hank Goldberg out at Flag River this afternoon.
We got Jimmy Johnson and a hurricane hotline baby.
Oh yeah.
You can smell that leather right now.
Can't you?
You can smell it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Just got back from Dallas on an American Airlines flight.
Boy.
How was the smoke?
Oh, terrible.
It was just everything was bad.
Not only are the flight attendants really ugly, but they really mean.
Yeah.
Fortunately, they're...
Maybe that's why the pilots all have those handcuffs under the head.
Yeah, but what got me was we had to...
We couldn't get into the aftery landed.
We couldn't get right into the airport because of a thunderstorm or something that...
What's happening around the airport?
And so hot comes over and says that...
And so we're sitting there.
He says, well, we're going to wait about 15 minutes and we'll be in...
After 15 minutes, we'll be on your way.
45 minutes later.
He comes out and says, I'm really sorry that I didn't get back to you all, but it was a little bit longer.
And it will be another 15 minutes.
So at that point, I had to go and relieve myself.
Yeah.
And as I stand up, three of the four flight attendants in Unison say to me, sir,
you're taking your safety in your own hands.
I go, yeah, surely am.
No, no, no, let me ask you.
Are you already landed or are you still approaching?
No, we were in one of the grounds.
Yeah.
I have to go.
You know, I have to go to the...
But I mean, you're still waiting to get to the gate.
Yeah, but they have to sign on to keep your seatbelt on.
Yeah, but it doesn't make any difference.
If you have to go take a leak whether the seatbelt sign is on or not, you can still do it.
But they told me that I could not.
And of course...
Not a bunch of bullcrap.
Of course I ignored them.
And you know, you know, what I had to do when I came out.
But some of the meanest people in the world work for American Airlines.
And that wasn't my only experience within the terrible.
I'm saying goodbye to American Airlines, I have to give them an American way to the work.
I have a couple of tickets from a trip I can to I have those left over which I will get my money's worth out of.
But after that, I'm saying goodbye to them.
Too many problems.
Yeah, can I call somebody a douspeck?
Yes, sir.
Paul Becker, you are a pharmacological douspeck.
Okay, don't do it again, Paul.
No more American Airlines, okay?
Just say...
No.
5.670.
I mean, of course you try to find a good airline.
And the guy said, Louptons is good.
Of course you can't go to Syracuse on Lifton.
So you can't go to, you know, Skinny Atlas.
5.670.560, 0.560 on a mobile one line.
By the way, anybody want to go to Skinny Atlas?
No.
No.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hi, I've been sesame oil here.
Hey, man.
Yeah?
Hey, first of all, I don't know.
I just feel like I want to say to that Spanish guy
that called the way I would go from here.
Uh-huh.
And then there's a lot of good specs out there, if you want.
Don't be picking on my specs for that for me.
Yeah, I've given credit for speaking English, so...
Yeah.
That was really nice.
And that guy that made money, if you need to have him speak for all Americanos.
So I picked this.
I'm going to fight a tenant now.
Really?
Made a midlife career change.
Well, make sure I don't get on your plane.
Oh, you would have a great time.
Yeah.
And the wing.
On the wing.
You know, like that guy saying when he wanted to get up out of the seat, you know, that we're taught that we're...
We're...
We're...
We're in formers.
We're not enforcers.
But, you know, I'm new, so I still try to be really nice and stuff.
I don't think anybody's got to worry about you.
Thanks.
I think you're safe.
Thank you very much.
You know, if people in some jobs that doesn't matter, if it's fight a tenant, teacher, cop,
you know, you reach a point sometimes where you just burned out and...
Yeah, I know.
People got it just like I...
Like a point of 15 minutes ago.
That's how I felt right here.
Burned out.
Yeah.
Roy.
When you feel on that way, it's time to, you know, afford...
I've been changed.
That's right.
Oh, and you know what?
I'm based in up in DCs.
I called you from DC a couple of weeks ago.
I was talking about G Gordon Liddy.
Right.
You know, it's closed when I fly to LA.
Then I can live in a Phil Hendry.
Yeah.
Are you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's really neat.
And then, and since I'm on East Coast time, they play him at 4 in the morning out there.
So, like, I'm getting up because that's really seven for me.
Yeah.
I can catch Neil for a thing in the morning.
I mean, I'm Neil.
I know.
Whatever his name is, yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, it's...
I don't know.
I'm just saying if you would ever drop your in, if you don't like it, you know, think of...
You know, make...
Have some...
Go homes and make a change.
Burn it out, move it out.
Okay, listen pal.
Keep your arms slabbing.
Yeah.
Okay.
5, 6, 7.
He's the guy they put under to make sure the plane stays afloat.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Is there anything such as a heterosexual male flight attendant?
No.
Come on.
I bet you this one or two.
Have you ever seen any?
No.
Come on.
How about that Pierre on air Canada?
He's a...
Fruitcake.
Let's see.
Where are we going?
Let's go to...
Miami.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes sir.
Neil, I got a story for you.
Play with my baby last night.
And it just happened that he had a hold of the...
I'm well controlled.
Put your journal 7.
What do I see?
A...
I better break him of that.
Have a real fast man.
What do I see, Neil?
A story about a priest who was stalking his young man for...
I don't know how long it's off of a four-hour day of somewhere there.
And they had a picture of the guy.
He's pretty fat.
You know.
And they had a picture from the belly button up.
And when they showed a face, I'll tell you what.
He looked like a fat ass Rick Sanchez there.
You know.
He's got a fact in the church.
Yeah.
I know, right.
So, I mean, the priest looked like Rick Sanchez, man.
I mean, you know, they're both fat and ugly, you know.
And I don't know.
I think I got a little bit of investigation there, Neil.
You know.
Yeah.
I'm not sure.
But I think you finally come out of class and what you think.
I heard what the priest said because I did see the clip.
He said, I got him to squatting.
So I can understand where you saw these similarities.
Have a great day, pal.
Week material.
5670560.560 on a mobile one line.
22-till-2 here at QAM on what the Delirious Thursday.
On the day when we have dementia, running rampant in this building, when the little children are running around like kids in a sandbox, you know, like our sales managers.
And who are very close to...
Roar!
... ally.
Ah!
God.
Suck it in and hold it.
Here's my story, stand by truth.
About a girl called Sifalisu.
Oh!
Had a bug and ran it around.
Gave it to every guy in town.
Arras.
Hey, hey, I'm a girl.
I'm a girl.
I'm a girl.
I'm a girl.
She likes to sleep around.
Yeah, she's sitting with my back and how.
We didn't care to talk to her.
Now I'm afraid of falling off here's the mold of a soda from a guy who knows.
You used to have my holes where this fungus grows.
Ask any food that she ever knew.
A keeper went from a syphilis to a hair.
144.560.
W2M.560.
05.560.
On a mobile one line, Hank Grover standing by a flag.
They're doing it.
Are they doing it in Flagler?
No.
They're trying to do it.
Here's the four-letter mail.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a straight mail flight attendant.
Yes.
Only kidding.
Listen, now, how come all the way up for this penny sales tax bank?
Nobody knew that the money was going to the Marlins until after it lost.
Is the herald like totally brained it or what?
Okay, let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm mobile before a lot of day.
Whatever this is.
Hello.
The oatmeal.
Yes.
Hey, you know, your buddy, Chuck, the S.O.B guy.
He's logic about making sure everybody had a gun in the Columbine.
He was son of a bitch.
That's the guy.
Then he said, well, fine.
Then we should arm the five-year-olds.
Right, that's right.
If those little kids in the other days, Kira said it would have just had guns.
Okay, one step farther.
You know, they had a tornado yesterday in Salt Lake City.
Yeah, that's because God pushed off at the Mormons because they're not doing their magic underwear, right?
Well, they could have one of their armed-dollar lose guys because they shot the tornado.
Mail, that's a good point.
All right.
Second point.
Did you ever get the...
Don't mess with Moses, man.
He'll get you.
Did you ever get the book on Harry Carey?
My brother wrote it ever sent it to you.
Your brother wrote?
Well, you already with Steve Stone.
Oh, yeah, I did.
It's great.
In fact, who now gave me that?
I think Norm Kent sent me that.
That's a hell of a book.
Okay. Well, it was both sent to one, but I was going to take it.
It's a little self-serving from Steve's point.
You know, it's a little...
But it's still pretty interesting.
It's got some good stuff in it.
Yeah, I finished it.
It was decent.
There was a lot of crap in it, too.
Yeah.
Okay, I did check it.
I don't think he would have written the book if Harry were still alive, you know what I'm saying?
Well, no, he probably would have written it.
And what does Shane Harry couldn't have been here for Stanley Social last year?
That's the really sad part.
After all those years of misery and suffering and pain and agony,
and we've come to at least finally get one thing to get excited about, and he's not here for it.
Yeah, that is bad, but of course this year is normal, so he would be with me.
You just say no crap.
Yeah, that's right.
Okay, pal, have a great thing.
Okay.
And say how to Steve Stoneforth, too.
56670560, pound 560 on a moan, Neil, at you.
You think everybody is...
Yeah.
I think that Brian Cox is definitely...
And I would be surprised if our good friend...
Rawr!
He's...
...also.
Here's the mobile and coral gables.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
I was...
Finally, you're getting my brain on scrambled here just in time to get out of here.
Listen, I'm debating whether it's good in Northern California like San Francisco,
Fossilito, that place, or Canada, which I've never been.
So what do you recommend?
What do I recommend for what?
What's the question?
Like, in between a better place to go, if you have a choice between Northern California,
or let's say Toronto, or Quebec, or Montreal, which I've never been to Canada at all.
Since I've never been to Quebec, or Montreal, with say Toronto is a great place.
Really?
Yes.
Hmm.
I wouldn't sound like the answer you wanted, but I mean, it all depends on what you're looking for, you know?
What do you think about those two fat ladies?
The one that I'm dying in the cooking show, don't have your watch that cooking program?
The cooking network?
No.
The two fat ladies died?
Well, one of them died.
Yeah.
It's funny because I mean, you, I think you get a kick out of it.
Like, they did not want to hear anything about low fat.
I mean, it was large this cream that buttered.
Oh, and she's dead?
What a surprise, huh?
And, and including, thanks to our audience back on the air.
What is it?
Whatever he said.
I don't know.
He's got his own agenda.
He can't hear what he's saying.
He's just plowing right along.
Thank God, what is back on the air?
I don't know.
Nobody's paying attention, pal.
Could you please have somebody thanks to Phil Henry article in the material I asked for
for the website.
I can't find him anywhere.
So Eric, well, Eric, I'll see if I start that.
I think I already threw him up and threw him away.
But nevertheless, just condone, Eric.
You doing a great job.
We love you.
But just condone.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was traveling this summer.
Came back through Cincinnati.
There was three or four college kids waiting on line to get checked in at the counter.
They were talking about the Fort Lauderdale and going over to Bahamas.
And from the front of the line, there's this old douchebag and he pipes up and he says,
I'll never have a good time down there.
There's lots of traffic in the crime.
And I think nobody wanted to kid this.
They said, you know, ignore him.
They're all like that down here.
And I said it loud enough to deploy this.
There's nobody holding a gun that his damn hat.
The deal of badgers is right.
They can take I-95 Northbound.
And I got the drink.
And why doesn't that old fart mind his own freaking business, too?
By the way, what is it his business?
Is he working with the anti-chamberer commerce now?
Is that it?
I have no idea.
But I said there's nobody holding a gun.
He was technically even thinking of you as friends.
No, see, I think what it is.
He just don't want anybody out of the age of 100 coming back down here.
He figures if we get three college students, that's an opening and then spring break will be back in no time.
You know, that's what they're terrified of.
That's exactly it.
And secondly, on the stadium,
if the sun setting will so hard to track the bill, that the Trigian company has a lot of money.
But I'm taking a nickel of paper.
That's right.
That's what I said.
They own the cobs.
And why not let there's such a big baseball people, let them build a nice stadium for John Henry.
If they think it's going to be so great, let them do something.
They never did anything else for us yet in this town.
Let's start right now.
I'm a one on a former season ticket holders.
And after Major League Baseball said, oh no, we don't have a stadium for the All Stars.
I said that if they don't need my money, I could sit home and watch it off the stand like this.
There you go.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Have a great day, pal.
10 before 2 at 5 60 WQM.
By the way, we're throwing all the old parts out of Browark County, bringing the college students back.
Yeah.
Bringing living and breathing people back.
That's what we want.
Not about the old, sorry, Farts.
Living in condominiums, destroying everybody's life.
Making sure that everybody is miserable and decrepit as they are.
