Порту Редио 560.
В дубке QAF, Майами Форт Лардердель,
presents The Neil Rogers Show.
Я когу Neil кал 567-0560,
толь-фривер, дейден Брарард.
В раун 560, на yourself,
а вовсе, на пиньбе,
на его геосколлазер.
Ни с другой,
а не с другой,
а не с другой,
а вовсе, на ВДВ,
ну, 567 п Agora,
наnaireфорчаса актракты,
по offset,
не задаватся со�ей Baekjov long.
Не па сколы,
да и ordinance.
На нас.
М laboratories так установourage的
Форт Редио,
ERSRF
ОдаW
Okay
Qq purpose
rG, C, P, I
u
O
QQ
whites
5
8
N
dig
Это хорошо, я покажу это в этом.
Как это?
О, груз, немного очень тяжелый.
Очень весен.
Творный, очень весен.
Творный, очень весен.
Okay, well, that's the way it goes.
Hey, look at this.
Wait till you see what I got in my hand right now.
No, not that.
Not this early in the morning.
Woo!
Heavy duty, baby!
I got a check.
I got my check for $1,200,000
for the reimbursement for my
Panther Playoff tickets.
Oh my God, well, that's good.
Because now it's up to them to get the money back from Wayne.
You know what I'm saying?
They can either reply it to her next year
or maybe they can deduct the $2,205
from all those broadcast rights
from the $40 million that they still are waiting, John Henry?
That sounds good.
All right, got my money back because guess what?
All right.
Playoff.
You don't have to laugh.
I always have to laugh at Greg Cotex.
You're such a silly little person, Greg.
You're such a B.D.Y. little twerp.
Loose the math, cat season is over.
No.
See, the reason I corrected Cory Sabin yesterday
is because I thought since this is supposed to be the sports station,
supposed to be.
I mean, we don't want to go on air with all these errors.
Do we? Do we want to make all these mistakes?
Give out false information.
Make up phony trades on April Fool's Day.
Tell people that if they lose last night,
they're mathematically eliminated, even though they're not.
Even though we knew weeks ago they're not going anywhere.
Is that what we want to do?
Oh, sorry, Cory.
No, I was trying to protect the credibility.
Because a young guy like Cory Sabin,
who's trying to work his way up in a sports business,
who isn't willing to do it on his knees
like some of the other people around here, evidently.
Have you noticed that?
You notice how some of the other people agree,
move up the ladder real fast.
I don't want to mention no names, but boy.
And then you look at some of the other underlings,
like Josh and Jason and Cory, who am I leaving out?
The Beast.
Huh?
Poor Joe Costella, who's just in here,
who's got to work a sixth day,
just to try to eke out a living here
with that phony auto racing show in his every Saturday morning at 6.
Oh, if I got some good stories today,
by the way, I met a lot of nice people
at the game last night, terrible, terrible, awful, horrendous,
grotesque game,
but met a lot of nice people there last night.
That's the Macarena.
See, and you know something,
I'm starting to come around to your way of thinking.
You know, I'm wrong.
I mean, like when I go to the Air Canada Center
Toronto this weekend,
I'll be watching a hockey game,
the Panthers and the Maple Leafs.
I'll be there to see a hockey game,
with a crowd who are there to see a hockey game.
But when you go to the Macarena,
it's moving time.
You know, I got to tell you this.
There were a lot of Bruins fans.
In fact, it was a good crowd.
By the way, let's hear it.
Let's hear it for our Panther fans,
even though they don't know what's going on.
Oh, yeah!
What did I tell you?
Didn't I predict on the show yesterday?
We'd have more people at the Macarena last night than the Marlins,
and of course than the Heat,
because the Arena, the older arena,
only holds 15,200.
Here it is right here.
They got the comparisons right here,
and the paper, and then they got Sun Sentinel.
Heat, Stifles, Dallas,
tickets, all 15,200.
That's a sell-out,
but that's all it holds in a little tiny building over there,
two blocks from the big new spaces building.
12, 15, 2.
Marlins get battered,
sick nothing by the Metz,
tickets, all 13, 8, 45.
Now, I really don't have any way of knowing how many people were.
You actually showed up,
and those two had joined.
The Panthers, tickets, all 18,987.
Oh!
Far and away the best.
Now, naturally, they didn't all show up,
but I would say we had made a couple thousand NPCs,
so I'd say last night,
there were about 17,000 people in the joint,
outstanding, considering we got our horse-crab team,
long since really out of the playoffs realistically.
They're playing, I mean, five losses in a row now,
just disaster, but we had a good time in spite of it.
So when the Bruins scored,
I forget which one of their five goals,
but one of the early ones,
off to my right,
and we had a lot of Bruins fans here last night,
because they could get the tickets.
You know, some of the Panther fans,
they showed their true colors.
They went someplace else to watch some other crappy team,
like maybe watch the Marlon Blues.
So when the first goal goes in there,
and there's some guys behind us who are obviously Bruins fans,
and one guy says,
who obviously also hasn't been to the Mac Arena before,
where is the red light?
I turned around and said,
you expect Wayne to spend five bucks for a ball?
Are you out of your mind?
You expect him to be able to see the red light?
And everybody went,
scored, scored.
Yeah, and peed in their pants.
I mean, you know, what are you thinking about, sir?
This is the way we do it.
I'm slow.
I must confess, I'm old.
I'm a little slow to catch on.
But this is what we go there for.
We schmooze, we hang out,
we eat some of that crappy food,
if you like,
that overpriced food.
We sit there and watch the kids almost fall out of the balconies
on the ice,
running and pushing each other and shoving in the adults too,
for those t-shirts,
the Panther Patrol,
they're snapping them off into the crowd.
Sorry, good old friend.
Steve Stansell,
there's a good guy, okay?
A lot of bad people in this business,
but there's some good ones.
Steve Stansell,
he got screwed over at the GTR.
Am I right?
Wasn't that where he was?
And then he went over to a Zeta,
got screwed over there.
So he told me he's getting out of the business.
Nice going Steve.
I was going to the voiceover business.
He's got to do commercials and stuff like that.
And best of luck to him.
There's a good guy, Steve Stansell.
Mitch Lewis, not a good guy.
Didn't he say he left already?
I lay.
He went to LA.
Mitch Lewis.
You know, Mitch Lewis?
Oi!
Yeah.
Or...
Bracto?
Yeah, that's Mitch Lewis.
I told him when he called that day to say he was bailing out.
I said, Mitch, your memory will always live
as long as I'm on the ear here because...
Oi!
And...
Bracto!
Our number one and two of the...
That's right.
Your legendary man,
all over time, they're going...
Oi!
In memory of Mitch Lewis.
Good guys,
and they're smart enough to get out of the business,
especially down here.
Yes, Steve Stansell said,
can't stand clear channel anymore.
Can't stand it.
Oh!
That's what he said.
Yeah, we were taking a leak together there in the tea room.
In fact, we'll probably write that in his diary.
He was down there doing the in-between period stuff like he always does.
They introduced him as Steve Stansell from Zeta 4,
so maybe he's still on the ear,
and maybe I shouldn't have said that.
No, it's...
Isn't it...
Oh, I hope I didn't do that again.
Oh, please, Tommy, I didn't do that again.
Let the cat out of the bag.
That would be like my going on here and telling you that we got somebody in the sales department who's on drugs.
I don't mean...
I mean, I'm talking about legal drugs, you know, prescription drugs.
Ritalin.
Yeah.
What's wrong with that?
That's legal.
He's just a little...
He's just a little...
Heipers!
Yeah.
And then we also got a guy in the sales department.
Oh, this Steve Nudelberg story.
I don't want to rush that.
That's worth a segment.
That's worth an hour.
There is something so bizarre and strange in this place.
Something so amazing that...
I don't think we'll ever rediscover.
We know a little bit around the edges, around the surface of it.
Obviously, the obvious parts.
You know which parts.
The ones that kind of fit into each other.
But other than that, there's something just peculiar that doesn't meet the eye in this place.
Especially when it comes to sales holes.
And I say sales holes literally and figuratively.
Because I've never worked anywhere where people like leave and they get fired and they come back and they get fired again and they leave and they come back and they sue people and they still come back and they sue them again.
There's something really strange going on here.
But thanks, Miriam, for bringing my Panther Playoff money back.
Oh, yeah.
She won't go to the track tonight anyway.
Can't imagine a good time I can have with this tonight.
I mean a wild, great time at Pompeo Park.
No, no, no.
I said it!
Yes.
Oh, right.
You walked out on the scene.
Make the notes your hands.
And that's all the men's time.
Oh, my God.
You're beautiful and you find all that.
Yes.
You can't get some girl.
Oh, my God.
Of course, of course.
You're beautiful and you find all that.
And that's jam.
Words Bas.
Силен тitolена это
Бомон вы Hungaryilia TJronics, как творNSи Багердays там
иbnт — отежде для субтитров regimes удачного
К falando а-такн кажемτοр
mnie
для
добр läкVAọn
хокке вашей жизни
grapes
не Ген trajectory
corte females
further
within
Ra
вы глаза
вам
что это
Сп 되는데
Интера
по your performance yesterday, I'm talking to the audience
all these both those that called up
YX number 172, and that's re-bork
Yeah they love this, they were peeing in their pants
which says, so there you go
just keep pushing your fat back around the world and they like it
they like laughing at you
they like laughing at everybody, including me
By the way, I didn't realize the premiere of China with Jewish
did you?
Huh? So let me ask you, what did you say?
Моя изнародная из Кремлоса.
А? Что это?
Ты же это выжил?
Ты же выжил, чтобы вы сняли в субтитры?
Нет.
Субтитры, вы сняли в субтитры?
Что?
Это в субтитры.
Это в субтитры?
Что вы думаете?
Так, anyway, в субтитры.
Я не знаю, я не знаю, где это start.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Я не знаю, где это выжил.
Но это что это было.
Это было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было
Это было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было
«Дорога» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скор
— «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Ск
«Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скор
«Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скор
— «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Скоро» — «Ск
это правда, там дедевер есть один of these good guys
в this business
misunderstood little porphy but a really good guy
а these look at that, I don't wanna talk to these people yet, don't answer them
I'll get to them, I wanna
WQAM
it was nice to see you last time, by the way
yeah, how blow it out, you're ass, and you
you know, this guy, seriously, you need mental help
he actually walks by
and you know, I just ignored pretending I didn't see that, that tub
and he was like, oh, we're still friends, right, said no, we're not
go the hell away, you asshole
was not nice seeing you, in fact, other than the fact that the game started
I'm gonna try to examine in my mind which was worse seeing Andy from Hollywood
or watching that game
and by the way, the guy in front of me, you were right, they did bench fail in the third period
I didn't even notice because I saw 20 something out there, I thought it was, it was 29
Barbara Law was playing, it was a defense spot
nice going to you, better late than ever sweetheart
Terry Murray, Brian Murray, well, Pakistan's allow me sandwiched, fact, made me a mitch
can make you some submarine sandwiches for the bus trip out of town after those last five games
after that Tampa game, a week from Saturday, maybe mitch could pack you some going away submarine
sandwiches for the apart from the people in the organization who aren't coming back
VM and TM, and then I'm reading these things in the paper like, oh well, you know, if they don't
and I hear these twerps this morning, guilty in the depot
well, you know, next year if they don't make the place, how many chances did they get?
How many years do they get?
Who the hell are you people kidding?
So what was I talking about Steve Notalberg?
Right, WQAM, WQAM, hello
I am a rope
WQAM
Panther's big, themselves, oh!
Well, see, there's a lot of emotion because people are pissed off, you know?
See, why don't you take, see, we can't get in sync, that's the problem, we can, now that I'm finally adjusting the whole ambiance out there at the macarena
and realizing it's not a question to go out there and see your team play a good game or be competitive or even win maybe once in a while
we're going out there to smooth around and hang out, that's wrong with you people
at bargain basement prices like that, 57 bucks a game, you want to see a good team too, that's wrong with you
get with the program or as I'm Steve Notalberg your house
so let me get back now, Joe Klein, who the hell is that?
He was a little leaping gnome with big hair and genuine asshole
oh really?
A genuine asshole
so in other words you're saying Steve Notalberg is not an asshole?
no, he was just another snake oil salesman but he knew that
the board that I'm here in around the building this morning is that he left here to go to that thing called 101 Sports
it was on here for about five minutes, it was going to drive this place into the ground, it was going to be the other competing
you know, there's not women in this market for one all sports station and he's idea thought there was going to be two
anybody believe that?
and they went over there and ran around town crashing this place to everybody
and all QAM sucks and the Greg Reads abosed O.L. and stuff like that
I will say this about Steve Notalberg
yes, he knew how to grease the wheels of progress
right
he knew how to grease it?
oh yeah, and the wheels too?
I know who else is not around here knows how to grease it
Roy
and the wheel too maybe
so we'll get back to the Steve Notalberg still in a second
because they sued him over his non-compete thing that he went over there to sports 101
which was on here for like I said six minutes
and then he comes and he sued them and won in court
he sued them and won and then after that they're heading back
oh my god
are these people dumb or what?
he ought to be National Sales Manager in about a month right?
I thought we already had 14 National Sales Manager
by the way, anybody seen Ray Perry lately?
no
I guess we must have missed our Tuesday morning meeting this week
1026 at 560 in the last of 20 weeks
at 560 WQM, you're we hire anybody in Sales Department Station?
I just want to die
okay
1032 at 560 WQM Happy Thursday to you
let's see I said we got Kimber for Hanky 2 o'clock
6 we got the Booster
no ball games of any kind tonight, how do you like that?
I bet you do, whatever relief, huh?
Ed Kaplan at 10 for the odds on the Mars Games
by the way the gossip column, whatever the hell that thing is in the Sun Sentinel
the shop floor insider
oh my god, woo!
wait till you hear this
which I just discovered by accident looking at the very bottom in the tiny Brent
this Jose that writes you this shop floor insider gossip thing in the Sun Sentinel
it's the shop floor insider appears Tuesday and Thursday
on Thursdays listen to Jose on the Brook Daniels show
3 to 6 p.m. on Stupid Talk 940
oh my god that will probably inspire some hate factors from the queer channel building
I would be surprised if Pete Polz is got spies hanging around the facts machines over there
because some of the stuff that we get I mean yesterday
well I didn't even read some on here I mean vicious
right on target but really vicious
malicious like let's hang Pete Polz and Milosevic side by side
from their balls only at least we know Milosevic has got some
unbelievable stuff
so anyway it says here in the Jose column
and I will want to oh that's right I can listen to Jose
and the Brook Daniels show this afternoon
between 3 and 6 on Stupid Talk
no no no no
hey Brook we won't be listening
but anyway so Jose writes this morning
all those years of sucking up to local politicians while at the herald
finally paid off for ex columnist Ron Ishoy
now the spokesman for the Broward County State Attorney's Office
the Hollywood City Commission declared Wednesday Ron Ishoy Day
how do you like that?
that's a little addendum to the story that I read yesterday
about Ron Ishoy the suckle formally from the herald columnist
now being a...
right a Broward State Attorney's Office suckle
nice going Ron and by the way I'm still on here
I know it's disgraceful and distasteful as it is to you
here I am still on here
oh man
and here's the thing from a few days ago that I forgot because we've been
oh I'll get to the Howard Kleinberg thing here
there are two of my favorite people in America by the way as Mr.
Mrs. Howard Kleinberg there's two great upstanding citizens
Howard Kleinberg the former editor they now defunct my me news
well we had some good fun in those days and even though we denies it
he did fall asleep on my show one time
huh?
well hey I would have fallen asleep two of those boring shows I used to do years ago
it was all talking to dead people in the audience
Howard was a guest on the show at INZ1
and I look over during the show not during a break
and I'm asking him some questions or some collar was drawing on
and Mr. Kleinberg you think that the world is going to come to an end
and Howard there was his head in his hand like that
great title
and he brought me a copy of an article that he wrote because we've had some
bad information and
well save this for later
because the thing with the internet is devastating
do you realize that the end most of you don't I don't think I mean to an extent
maybe you do it's not like we had the virus you know that what was it called
the motibel
yeah it was the motibel of virus that we had last week
and as soon as you punched your computer on it would go
hey those nios oscaros
the motibel virus
but they find it called that guy that asshole that was like screwing up everybody's
a computer with all his phony messages
and not it's not just things like that with viruses it's all the misinformation
and like I said when you punched something up when you're looking for
I'm one of the search engines like on the old Yahoo which is down five points by
now when you look at on there and it says okay here are the first ten of
42 billion seven hundred and eighty million possibilities
you know there's a lot of crap on that internet
so yesterday they had a stock
scam I was watching CNBC about three thirty yesterday afternoon
and what's his name David what's the young guy whatever is there
oh you don't watch that because you don't have any stocks slipper
David she I can't believe it there's Joe Kernan and David
whatever his name is I should know all those guys
well we know Ted David remember Ted David called to show that one day from the
good guy David so anyway he's telling the story about this
scam that was on the internet yesterday morning
hyping up this stock about how something allegedly happened it was going to
go through the roof and the stock went up 25% in the first few hours of
trading and then around noon time these guys were
ever planted the misinformation on the internet and then there's nothing in
the business section either paper this morning I scoured both business
sections was there anything there of course not
and it was a scam all this information was bull crap you know was that one of
those stock pick you know one of those websites and all these people got
sucked into it and then the guys that put it on their sold and took their
profit but even at that point three thirty we still up about ten percent
because no the rest of the people were still getting sucked into this thing
and hadn't caught on yet that the old deal was a scam so just because it's on
the internet doesn't mean it's so in fact there's a good chance that it's
absolutely totally a pile of crap right how would you like that in fact
wouldn't that be caused for you to start like you know like the guys that walk
into the post office it would be enough to make me like walk into our sales
department and just I mean not that they've got anything to do with it but you
got to take your frustrations out on somebody when the whole sales staff is on
riddland to try to keep them from bouncing off the wall I wonder if fact
boys on riddle and I think so hey if you can put it in your mouth if it's
edible he'll eat it trust me when I tell you that's what he told me I
said eat this I'll get back to the amazing scam that Howard Kleinberg
got to tell me it has to do with Oprah and at Tommy Hill finger thing I think
it must have been some maybe Calvin Klein done it huh somebody who's jealous
of the great success because even the smarts are they're beginning to
tell me hope you think you want to know why they don't know what's the
fact thing that that's right see it's bad enough that they're still on the
wrestling team because nobody told them here I'm trying to help you guys
out I know it's bad for your image when you get involved in these things
then you write your resume you say oh I was on a wrestling team and how do
you like my Tommy hoping you're off it never was going like that you know
like like yeah like that you'll answer so this is your brain
any question no
here I'll let it I'll know if you remember me but I was the guy whose house
you said I'm fire last you God I miss you even though you blew up my car
caught all my hair off I miss you girl but once with West Jen do you think
you could let me know when you might let me out of this
no one's been me for weeks months I'm not complaining don't misunderstand me
because I love you with all my heart but if you happen to see my mother please let
her know I'm not dead yet I want to tell you that the guy you saw with
your best friend that wasn't me he might have looked and talked just like me
but that surely purely coincidental I was the way I see that place I love you
too much to look at anyone else there are let it I had a dentist appointment
that day and I was the way I near the share it's metal it's hotel I would never
treat on somebody who treats me so good with all those where he says all that money
come on let me out of here we are at the government it puts the lotion in the basket
1044 or 560 WQM don't trust anybody I told you before a million times and L A
ness so anyway getting back to this internet scan Howard Kleinberg writes an
email message last week was addressed to me and 15 others at the bottom of the
page I was able to see that the sender along with another 15 person received it
from someone else when he passed along to me and all those others was an
extension of a V-Mole hoax my friend didn't recognize it as such and
us compounded it the gist of what he said began I'm sure many of you watched the
recent taping of the Oprah Winfrey show where her guest was Tommy Hilfinger what
it felt like a finger what followed was a report claiming that clothing designer
Tommy Hilfinger went on Oprah Winfrey's TV show and said he didn't make his
clothes for African American Hispanics Jews and Asians that he made them only
for upper class white people wear upon Oprah ordered him off her show immediately
upon reading that more red flags wound in front of my face when I am I more
than I might see it in a day rally how it says if such a thing ever occurred on
TV especially the Oprah Winfrey show it will be front page news and Hilfinger's
name and product return to instant mud that was the apparent goal of the
email to destroy the Hilfinger name and line the email demanded a boycott of
Hilfinger product let's give Mr. Hilfinger what he asked for let's not buy his
clothes let's spread the words of others one by his clothes either it said
and spread the word they did what a vicious lie it was and to make matters
worse what my friend was passing on a main lead march was something that
first appeared on the web in December and has been denied by both Winfrey and
Hilfinger ever since fact he'll think it never was on the a Winfrey show they've
never met each other it did not happen it did not happen got it yet the lie is
endured in the appeals to ethnic and racial knee jerk reaction remain alive
spreading out to more and more people where and how did this start I can't be
certain how it says but surfing the web I was able to track the exact text back to
website called i. W. W. News it was dated December 23rd 98 I don't know what i. W. W. News
is other than their constant references through its website listening to
revolutionary unionism along with a cause anyone with a cause as much right
to the internet as anybody else eventually however there's got to be something
established to deal with internet lies hoaxes and libles without endangering our
first member rights or since the web is worldwide the rights of other people
in other countries placing limits on speeches of risky business but what needs
to come out of this hoax cited in the hill figured in the i was being the same
story spread about designer Liz playboard in nineteen ninety two is for the
gullible people realize that what appears on the internet ain't as ira girshwin
wrote necessarily so it ain't necessarily so remember that now i do there have been
hoaxes before will continue to be in nineteen ninety seven a lot of people including
former JFK press chief here a challenger made fools of themselves
abiding the internet initiated report that a u.s. Navy missile took down
t. w. a. flight 800 remember that and i read that book about that whole thing
and then the book disappeared there's a whole book about it which i read
in fact even my copy of it disappeared oh boy
seriously it must have been the trooper cabbara must have a bit maybe Jeff
hi a.t. and the book to eventually it says the original of the some principle
of the whole of the world was a reckless mistake indeed don't even accept
unconditionally the photos you see on the internet or anywhere for that matter as
they can be falsified with computer software you want a photo of meg ryan out
fishing with a dollar picker piece of cake in the helping her hoax the knee
jerkers who stand right in fact i bet you that wasn't even red pits penis by
the way
don't you remember that everybody remembers that that wasn't
red pits penis it was like a thin like a ten year old kid
christall mighty
it says in in the helping her hoax the knee jerkers who stand ready and
want to destroy people in businesses based on an unsubstantiated report can be
most dangerous i would guess that thousands of people received the boycott
helping her email during the past three months and shamefully did just that
these are great days for cynics like me says Howard Kleinberg so much to do so
much to distrust we need more cynics and less sheep
i was going to hard
how do you like that he did a little homework actually found out which
website originated this bull crap it turns out to be yet just another pile of
total unmitigated correct right see i got sucked into it
because somebody told john he told me collar called in on the show
he was never even on the show he never even met that dark
conflicted bitch how do you like that that fat Oprah bitch disgusting
piece of tern that's got the women of america mesmerized and still nobody can
figure out why what's it all about does anybody know
huh you know what it's all about i sure don't
all the years that i've been doing the show i've never had one person call
a sure admit that they watch the over one free show
and i hope it continues that way i think it's a fix i don't think anybody
watches that show
because i'll tell you one thing i go and count you know like the bookstores
you want to book to that the Oprah Winfrey what do they say
promoted endorsed suggested reading by Oprah
and i go in the stores a hundred times a week not to buy any books
just to count the books to make sure nobody bought any never yet saw one
last book then it was the first time nobody's buying those books
it's all a scam it's all an LC the board and cow scam
ever seen the two together no got some good faxes by the way
and how come there was nothing to put paper about that stock scam from the
yesterday they should be warning you okay your newspapers again falling
down on the job but instead of that they're writing editorials in the
herald about how much they like to god billboards which i'll get to in a few
minutes you people that they heard you far bison a goiom over there
i'll tell you one thing you can tell an organization blows
really sucks if there's no Jews in it okay
that's right my name here old any Jews there except Bob Rubin and they got
he's he's writing like a little scab sports stories now they stuck him way
in the back of the bus at the herald
i mean they're a little slow there i mean Rubin to me is obviously a Jewish name
and took them ten years to catch on he's way in the back of the sports department
now and very jackass well no you know what they say like freedom well
how about Wayne hypinga any Jews up or way up in that organization no no
maybe that's why he finally just got around to paying those poor bastards
those construction workers that they had to go to court look at that arena workers
finally paid and they had to wind up paying top dollar to by the way
i go on Wayne checks for about nine hundred sixty grand without this week the subcontractors
will pass the money on the carpenters electricians and other construction workers
who built a beautiful rectal center and sunrise and more checks will follow
them the next few months as the panthers comply with court orders to obey the
county's law on pay rates for the construction of public buildings as Wayne once again
tried to well you know pull the fast one
i mean he pulled a fast one on Greg Reed but does that take any talent no way
anybody can do that
christ they hired us what does that tell you
so here's a series of factors once as Jorge Mosque noceville of art
equals glory whole boulevard
okay
here's another one that says believe it or not there actually are Chinese Jews
how's premier jude doing by the way you see him this morning
they're actually are Chinese Jews in a very small section of the province
i love smoking a bowl and listening to yesterday was amazing says whoever wrote this
smoking a bowl love those many of colors and also it says by the way you'll be
interested in this George Rick Rade is the right wing Christian asshole is what it's
here yeah and what's the point here's another great that is bad
you know point no you in other words you got his good point oh in other words that's the good point big part of the problem
here's another one that says Andy why don't you go sit in the middle of the street and suck your own
get a life asshole is what it says the Andy would be able to do that if he had a
but unfortunately he's probably going to have to work on Greg's no not not our Greg Greg from point in
beats or our Greg you know whoever speaking of that this is a good segue by the way going from that to this
suck on the corporate people do this is another fact from inside a clear channels by the way I think
birthday knows this anyway yeah only if he signed this one not look at that it's sign
babbling fill in the blank suck on the corporate people do it's your only or dignity
and dignity come on suck it choke on it Pete choke on that corporate it's only your dignity
suck it it's only your dignity suck it people your suck it choke on it like a good boy
choking on corporate good boy from inside and it's signed Rhino wolf
oh not to that is it I don't know maybe boy they hate you like poison over there Pete
every time I'm at the hockey games more and more of the career channel people keep stopping by
saying hi tell me stories how they hate you like poison the assassin the first three letters of
assassin are that's right ass and that's you Pete head to toe a walking ass a miracle of human
nature a walking ass can't you can't you visualize that right now and ask on two legs
like something in mad magazine just two big cheeks on two small teeny tiny legs with
little teeny feet that's Pete Holder and asked that walks and talks and steps people in the
back the stabbing ass hey Pete which means any party you okay oh man pretty emotional
show here today so far let's take one or two of these not too many WQM
yes sir oh this is screenless stuff here I'll take a few calls what's up great
this is why Brad good morning it's what this is why Brad why Brad that's me
I want to be a little juice again today or what Brad no sir I have a little story for you yeah I have been
taking my wife to look at Corvette for about the last week because she's been bugging me and bugging me by Corvette by
the way somebody came to me last night it was serious at the game then do I have the heads up display in my new vet and I said yes
and he said how do you like it I said I love it it's great it's fun I'm looking on a windshield and seeing your
speedometer and your fuel and your oil and your stuff that sounds beautiful anyway the moral the story is the
moral story is the upper loop that I read yes and we ended up with your 98 Corvette
the red one the red one and my wife loves it great but there's just one problem I what's that nobody can find the extra
set of keys do you remember who you gave them to but it means what gave them to they're all looking around they said they
were second they don't have the second set of keys there was no second set oh yeah there is I have I have them you have them how
much is it worth your bread oh my god how much what do you need to get just mail them to us hundred bucks hundred bucks yeah wow in fact for 200 I'll even cover the
room to your house as that for a thousand bucks you can have them and wait till those breaks are going I
mean you're going to love that car it's great but it is a beautiful and only like what 13,000 miles on it and I take good
care of that car bread yes you did a beauty they wouldn't even bargain on the price they said this is a real car take
a delivery then she took it now let me ask you can I ask you on your how much you paid for that car do I need
the same time it's just us you and me 37 okay Brad the keys are in a mail okay I like the way that echoes in here
all right nice going there that's my good buddy up there in Blueback Road
Rick Nelson great guy there's the best sales hole I told you this before I'll say it again best sales hole in
the universe Greg Nelson up there at Blueback Road in Pompano Beach they know how to take care of you
up there that's why by all my cars there because they're great
oh
Наше место, где лучше, я в СТУДАН в Ванкуву, или в Увартих.
И вот, на left, right off the street here, right on the street.
They are probably selling on the quarter of 441 I was doing.
Not too far from our friend Chuck at the subcenter, huh?
And that's a good idea.
Go on and hear it in a little Savannah.
I mean, little Haiti, little Jamaica, whatever, the Little Israel.
And buy some weed.
And then when you're sitting there pumping a real hungry,
then you go over to Chuck's in order 20 or 30 subs.
With segues in lunch, of course.
I think I'm going to be back on a steak with the steak with a cheese non-union,
like the old days, but sliced up.
I can't be cutting it while I'm here on the air, pretending to do a radio show.
That would be good.
Well, I haven't had that in a long time.
Hmm, just a thought of that succulent steak with a cheese non-union,
melting all together, blending in my pus.
God, what a thought.
QAM, I think this line's dead.
Can I talk to you a little please?
Speaking, yes.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, remember that poem that you had, like a couple of weeks ago,
about Guinness, Mastemar, D'Gone, and you had all kinds of people.
Sure.
All right, can I put in my two cents worth?
Go ahead.
All right, number one.
It's a very big topic here, by the way, in time.
I'm sorry.
I said it's, go ahead.
Okay, well, you know Alex Hernandez does have a big ass,
but I don't think he's on a list.
No.
Although I must say, number one, probation officers.
Yeah.
And number two.
Madakone?
No.
Big.
Madakone is Gandhi.
Madakone is Kachupan.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And number two.
Yes.
Seraphist.
Seraphist?
Esa lashinga, madera, guwada.
Yeah.
And therapist.
Don't let Madakone is Kachupan.
Okay.
I love you, Neil.
See ya.
Bye.
Okay, he sounds like a voicer experience.
He said those Cuban therapists, they'll stick it to you every time.
Oh my God.
I'll get to the God billboard thing.
I've got to take this call.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I want to be the first one to congratulate you on your good rating.
And as far as paying ratings go, you can put a dead man online for you.
Any other patient, you can beat him out.
Have a good one, Neil.
Okay.
Let me say you could put a dead man out in the road and hang with him or something like that.
Isn't that what he said?
You could put a...
No.
Oh.
Don't be taking shots at Hank.
He's out there raising money for his year today playing golf.
Put that out of the aside, huh?
Can you imagine watching Hank play golf?
Can you even envision that?
No.
Can you imagine Boog's through playing?
I don't want to start on him again.
Okay.
Do I?
Yes.
Haven't seen him lately.
Maybe he's lost an answer, too, since we saw him last.
I'll tell you one thing, Boog.
You'll actually have a little luck enough energy.
But he's...
I don't know.
I think he's destined to take Al Goldstein's place.
He's destined to be the next...
Al Goldstein and Ron Jeremy and Fat Boy all rolled up into a big ball of fun.
Man.
Can you imagine when somebody that big sits on the throne and...
Oh my God.
Especially after a big bad bowl of grits, rhymes with...
Wow.
Wow.
In fact, we ought to retell that story about today that Fat Boy went in the...
...troll it down here.
Oh.
I think he went...
Yeah.
...like that.
And then he went...
...all over the place.
Well, you know, when you got to go, you got to go.
You can't be worried about what's already in there.
Just don't look.
That's what I always say.
Just put the blinders on and don't look.
Because as long as it's down in there, you know...
Huh?
Just don't splash.
Just don't think about it.
You know, it's like if you get the wind up in the sack with a smelly hooker.
You know, just don't think about it.
Just concentrate on the important parts.
Squared, squared.
We didn't get to hell out of there.
Just concentrate on the positive.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Great.
Never been better, sir.
I feel like I got a whole new life starting day.
That is a good thing to hear.
Is that so?
I don't know why I said that, but something.
Oh, well, sorry.
It's going to be a...
It's pretty of you who mentioned about that thing about...
...wain-pained workers and money to build them.
Finally, at long last, they had to go to court to extract the money.
Everything in Heisenge has done a subvert.
The process has failed.
It's cost them top dollars as Jim Weldon of the electrical workers union.
How do you like that?
I have a friend I was working there.
He was doing the pipes for the screen closing so forth.
Yes.
And they...
I think they didn't want to pay union wages.
And just so as Quintet and...
...have a buddy that did some work as he...
...wains to own Donald Nation, right?
Right, oh, sure.
Yeah, because he didn't like...
By the way, he stocked his down to $12 and changed.
He'll be pleased to know the outer nation.
They changed the name, but it still smells the same.
He did some work for him because he built a new one up in West Pond.
Yeah.
And it was like a $39 grand worth of work.
And they skipped them. They only paid him $32.
So now he has to fight Wayne for some more money.
It's a never ending cycle of this man.
And as far as the panthers are going to play off...
Yes sir.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
Oh, here's another clerk channel, fact.
Oh, wow.
They sure love you Pete.
They really love you over there.
They'd like to embrace you within...
...you know, stick maybe along the stiletto in your...
Correct them.
...and throw your ass in the lake.
Any lake will do.
It says, Brook is sinking fast.
He's desperate as hell.
That's why that asshole was on her show every week.
He's following the Sabo path of doom.
Good choice Pete.
Put in that Sabo cone on the ear again.
Oh.
I can't say this on ear. It says, God.
Damn it.
John Ford can't stop sucking Sabo's...
...and there seems to be a lot of that going on over there.
And there's no more room in your mouth for any more consultant than corporate...
...to choke on.
Pete Folger is the Linda Lovelace of Softwater Radio.
He can take it deep throat.
Oh.
They love you Pete.
And Sunny Hersh, by the way, says, thanks from the grave.
Thanks for helping put the final nails in his life.
You miserable, heartless, cruel, unadulterated piece of third you.
Even manned to chase him like poison.
You turn.
Right, and he likes everybody.
Unless they look too good.
Well, he don't like those pretty boy athletes.
So Michigan thing, you know, they like him ugly.
Eight minutes after 11 and 5, 60 WQM on a tremendous Thursday.
We got Kimba Bullcamper coming up at 2 o'clock.
One of the few guys in this town who tells it like it is...
...will come on there and tell you that Jimmy Johnson's a hard ass.
Stuff like that, you know.
Kind of stuff you want here.
You want him name-dropping?
You want him ass sucking?
You want him to come with this afternoon telling it exactly the way it is.
Or do you like it or not?
Or do Jimmy likes it or not?
Talk dirty to me.
In his courtroom, everyone has the right to a fair trial.
But if they're proven wrong, he has the right to make today.
Get down.
Judge James Brown.
Judges is a matter of Adams versus Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Hollett.
Now they're missed out of me.
You did a minute's mid.
So they're going to wallet.
Yes, that's right, Your Honor.
And, oh, Mr. Adam, what was that?
What was that?
Oh, in the wallet, $200 in cash and all my credit cards.
Oh, good God.
Oh, no, no, no, that is a mid.
Did you do it in the end?
Yes, Your Honor.
I did take his wallet, but it was only because of you.
Stop it now.
What did you do with that?
It was wonderful.
I guess I don't really know your honor.
Well, now Judge James Brown, see?
You don't know better than that.
It's about you.
I don't know.
All I can say is I'm sorry.
Uh-huh.
Well, now the Judge's saying it's a problem.
It's his own brother.
You get the man back to money, give him that a water judgment for the plaintiff.
And this Judge is going to sentence the movie, you get a whole noth.
Come on now.
Get a hold of it.
Happy you.
You're a man.
Now it's on the close.
Be here tomorrow.
When his luck gets down on you, Judge James Brown.
So what do you think?
The Chinese Jews eat one ton soup or crepoche soup?
That's our poll question today.
That's one.
That's really a hard one, isn't it?
And the question, too.
I want to thank my good Dutch friends, by the way, very nice lady who quality is today.
We talked to her a few times.
She and her husband came by before the game last night.
And man, did they work their asses off or what?
Yes.
They brought me, uh, remember she was going to give me a bunch of restaurants, a list of the good restaurants
and I'm stood on since I go there about a hundred times a year to replenish my drug supply.
But at any rate, see, there really are people in Saudi and so think I go to I'm stood on for drugs.
How could anybody who lives in Miami have to go anywhere for drugs?
How could anybody possibly be that stupid?
But anyway, she gives me this list at the end.
And this is not a copy out of something, by the way, evidently.
This is all done personally.
And she even gives by area of the city, the lead is flying and the Rembrandt-Bronk-Plan and the Spui-Strat.
And the red light district, including the Vormorstrat, which is known as the Rudovaciline.
And all these other things.
And yeah, I've never heard of the only restaurant I ever heard about the whole list, by the way.
Is the one that's called the Vife-Flegan?
Or however you pronounce that, the five flies?
No, there's no flies in the soup.
It's just, that's what the name of it is.
Old restaurant near the Grand Crasnipolsky Hotel in that area.
And she's got pizza places and steak houses and everything.
Cheese restaurants?
Wow.
Ever go into restaurant and smell the cheese?
Pop, here's the barren, B-E-R-N, like in Switzerland.
Popular crowded Swiss restaurant, terrific cheese fondue, fantastic garlic salad and the formal service.
Well, that sounds good. I do love fondue.
And I think you can do fondue on the Atkins, can't you?
Sure, the cheese and meat.
You just dip it in there?
You can even do kosher fondue, I think, with the cheese and meat.
Can't you?
Yeah, why not?
And then she's even got at the end of the whole thing, like the addresses, the phone numbers.
I mean, just unbelievable.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Don Cabell.
Well, did we to come through?
I'll tell you.
Speaking of Amsterdam, by the way, here's the fact that says the Weed and Amsterdam is the best.
Make no mistake about it.
Come on.
Also, it says, the lines at Westland today are longer than usual.
The Julio Queens are running a cruise flex there today.
But if there's anybody horny, head over to Westland, okay?
The glory holes, they've drilled them like gigantic life size.
Even the horses are over there taking a breather today in Westland from Haya-Lea, probably.
Oh, yeah, I gotta get to the God billboard thing.
W-Q-A-M.
Hey, Goldie, even Moths have balls.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello, George.
Yes?
Wait a minute, you're not George.
No.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
I'm giving George a rest today, so we had time to order my lunch.
Hey, I talked a couple days ago.
Ball screenless until we have to start giving the numbers out.
I haven't given any numbers out today yet either.
We've turned the corner today.
I feel it.
Can't you see what?
I can feel it all right.
Yeah.
I can almost smell it.
Hey, I talked a couple days ago about Spock and two minutes last night to the Maple Leafs and the...
The Leafs came anyway.
What a great came out.
Auto as senators, yes.
Yes.
Wasn't that nice of me to help you out there playing the auto as senators, right?
Well, I'm just getting used to the small dish.
Wasn't that great that that was on there from TSN with the great Joe Bowen and Harry Neal, my good friends?
I'd say what Harry Neal said.
And a good play to follow the play.
Now a long shot.
I'm not going away.
Ball, into the head and center for Perro.
To the line to the center.
Oh!
Yeah, the Perro from the flow line.
It's one nothing to a lot of.
All right.
Hey, who did the King's get for Perro and the deal?
I think the Leafs just gave me a featured draft choice.
I mean, it was a steal.
You know, see, if Yanuk Perro used to be, he would leave it originally.
And then, you know, making the mistakes that Cliff let you did.
Well, he's not good enough for us.
And they shipped him off to L.A. and got basically nothing in return as I recall some stiff.
And this could dynamite four goals last night.
Yeah, it really is.
He's kind of like a real Whitney small, but quick.
He's not that small.
Hey, a couple of guys.
You guys got a larger smile.
A couple of times ago, you mentioned a little cliché about Tideome versus, you know, the enforcer for the Panthers.
There's no comparison there.
I mean, Tideome escaped.
He handles the plop well.
Tideome versus a player.
He's become a skilled player.
He's got eight goals.
And he's got about 17 points, I think, something like that.
He's a useful player as opposed to this guy who just got 8 million penalty minutes.
And the crowd isn't shan't it with because they like seeing a big black guy playing out with their uniform on, beaten white guys up on the other team.
We'll come up to his pooper, you know.
Yeah, there's no care.
It's ridiculous.
He's got to go.
I mean, the idea that this is a substitute for talent.
Maybe that was okay as a novelty this year, but I think next year we'd like to see something more like some real skill.
Well, the bottle line is, there's not many hockey fans on here.
No, our few have sued for a point.
Yes, sir.
If you heard the show yesterday, it was one of my all-time favorite shows.
I talked to more dumb people yesterday who wouldn't, they wouldn't know way.
And Gretsky, if he speared him in the nose right now, they wouldn't have any idea who it was.
How about the guy calling with the overtime?
He's over time.
99 times.
How about the Schmokall's play over time?
They don't have played over time since before the war.
And he was talking about the revolution, by the way.
You're the greatest.
Have a great day.
Hey, how about the war, Rick Generatt?
Okay.
Rick, stop eating all the food.
By the way, since Fatboy moved out of Buffalo, Rick Generatt has ballooned up 30 more pounds.
He was doing a lot better, Generatt, until Fatboy, you see that all the Buffalo wings and all the subs up there.
In Buffalo, they do have good food in Buffalo, and they better have because of that.
That's a really bad town.
They got that Empire sports that were good.
You real sports nerds out there, you want to find out about hockey and all the sports.
All of these things watch that Empire.
Channel 313 on your small dish.
Now, see you have a big dish, right?
I hate to break the news to you.
Yeah, some of those things.
Just when you finally move into my house, it's got a big dish and my hand is hoaxed up for you.
The big dish is becoming, I hate to say it.
Absolutely.
I say to say that.
I'm not going to get rid of it anyway.
Are you?
The giant grapefruit tree blocks it from like three satellites.
Oh.
But if you get the smallest, which even a slipper like you can afford for like a 99 bucks, you'll discover, I mean, fantastic.
And you don't have to worry about anything being blocked.
I like the small dish.
Well, like we got here, you actually want a fantastic picture with Scott.
Picture a spectacular and I'm now and maybe like maybe once or twice a year if it rains like real real hard, you get an interruption for maybe a minute 30 seconds.
Never lose the picture.
It's great.
And being a big sports fan like you are.
No, seriously, the movies that are on there, you got hundreds of movie channels.
You even got that make believe a spice or that piece of crap.
Those who like it soft.
WQAM.
No, screenless.
What is it?
This is a screenless.
Hey, how you doing, sir?
How's it going?
Hey, the little information on your red light at the hockey game.
Screenless.
Yes.
You sit on the wrong side.
If you're on the other side, you can't see it at all.
Because the other half is green.
No, we can't see the green light either.
You can't see the green.
We can't see the red.
See, now for where I sit, the goal off to my left, the shoot once, the, what, the south end.
Right, I can buy a cell yesterday.
We can see that.
We can see that when that red light goes on.
But the one to my right, the shoot twice end.
You can never see that, the red light or the green light.
You see nothing.
From most of the lower bowl, you cannot see that one.
But if you're on the other side, it's vice versa.
So I guess we're being a little bit picky that we expect to be able to see the light in both ends.
Well, you got to switch sides.
Right, that's right.
Good point.
Incredible.
You hear about the hats?
About the fact that it's room on the ice when Ainess Carter got his hat trick.
You had left by them, though.
Already left.
I mean, we flew out there while we got the fourth goal.
And yet, but see, one thing they got to understand, the Panther fans were pissed off, but also, there were an enormous number of Bruins fans there last night.
They clenched.
Huh?
They clenched.
I mean, they should have been out.
No, but I'm just saying they were able to get in there because we had all the other ball games going on in town.
So there were a lot of seats available.
So the Bruins fans, they went out with their friends gave them to them or however they got them.
But there were a ton of Bruins fans in that crowd list.
I think it was just sour grapes and our fans.
So, I mean, why not?
You know, they have a right to be pissed off.
No doubt.
And God bless us all.
Bless you.
See you.
What did Joe just bring in there?
We'll propaganda about that racing show.
Joe's probably a...
What?
What is it?
Log stuff.
Log stuff?
Don't be worrying about his log.
Okay, you take care of your own log.
WQAM.
George?
Yes.
I like something new.
Okay, hold on.
Where are you coming from?
I'm mobile.
Mobile in where?
I'm Boca.
Okay, let's go to a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Pretty good.
Ah, what about them fans?
This man maybe next year.
They really stuck, don't they?
Hey, stunk.
They stuck.
They just stunk.
They just stunk.
They just stunk.
They just stunk.
All right, rumor come down.
He's also about on the ship because he had a pay for dinner last time, yes?
Hey, can I get one request from him?
Yes, sir.
How about that...
How about that...
That Jeff Gordon song?
All right, you got it, pal.
Thank you, Neil.
Well, dedicated to Joe Costello.
Hey, thanks.
I love the ratio, too.
All right.
Thanks, Dale.
He knows race carer.
People, they got a good sense of humor.
It's not...
It's a Gordon song.
It doesn't say anything about Jeff Gordon in there.
It's just some guy named Gordon.
Maybe it's Gordon Litty.
Huh?
I don't know what the guy's name is.
Gail Gordon.
He used to play on that time.
I'm worried about him.
He used to be an armistice brook.
Remember him?
Character actor?
Gail Gordon.
He was a little mustache kind of a pochie guy.
You remember that before you were born?
You do remember that?
Armistice brookies with the parts of these old movies all the time.
Yeah.
Gail Gordon.
He was a funny guy.
And he was a little...
He was kind of like what's his name there on the show with Tom Sullich, Magnum P.U.
Like Higgins.
You know, like Higgins.
He's a little...
And of course Tom Sullich.
See, I worry about a guy who's always suing everybody because they're writing in the
tabloids that he's a fag.
And then he plays a fag in that movie.
What was that movie he played a fag?
Tom Sullich.
I don't know.
Making love.
No.
No, no.
This was like a comedy movie.
Making love was with Michael Antkeen from the rookies.
Don't you remember Michael Antkeen?
Yeah.
Kate Jackson was in making love.
That was a pretty good movie, too, by the way.
Never saw it.
And you want to know, that was one of the first movies where they actually portrayed some guy as a homosexual
who wasn't a screaming, mincing, boys in the man kind of a fairy.
You know?
Michael Antkeen, here's a guy who was in the rookies.
He was a copper Christ.
He's macho.
He looks like a real man like that rock Hudson right in the pieces.
Huh?
Michael Antkeen, you know who that is?
Sure.
He used to look pretty good before that movie, by the way.
That movie, he looked...
Hey.
That's what Kate Jackson said.
Get out.
I can do better than this.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Greg, gender here.
What is it?
I like to talk to the bridge tender.
Yeah, okay.
We'll give you a...
It's number.
By the way, speaking of it, how's it doing?
Have we heard from it lately?
No.
Huh?
The thing?
No.
Well, we got Steve Noodleberg.
Can't have the thing in.
See, it says that in the QA charter.
You can have either or not, but not both.
It's like one from Colomay, one from Colomby, but don't cross the lines, you know?
You can have Steve Noodleberg or the thing.
We said, okay, Steve, come on back.
Just don't sue us again, please.
How do you like that?
The guy sued the place and won.
You know something?
Knowing this place, that's probably how they're paying them.
Okay, we can't afford to pay any...
Whatever they awarded you.
But how about we give you your job back?
And he said, okay.
Yeah.
But who else is going to hire him?
And now the sports 101, I mean, what are they playing?
Ukrainian melodies now?
In fact, if they were smart, they'd be playing Yugoslavia melodies for all those people going to be down in Guantanamo.
I bet you they're listening.
We got a lot of people listening to Guantanamo in Gitmo.
Because if you listen, you do Gitmo.
Here's QA.
Oh, geez, that's first one of those.
This is part of our streak.
We were smoking.
We got to get to those God-build boards.
And those God-dannn people that to her, all those Barbissa Nagoya.
Who think it's just wonderful?
Who think it's just a beautiful thing that we have all these obnoxious God-build boards all over this town?
And now all over America.
As once again, the Christian right, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa Nagoya, these Barbissa
Смотрите, что это было, что это было, что это было было, что это было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было было
Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. В
он и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон
и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и
траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и тр
Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и трaffтин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. Вон и траптин сайт. В
давай-давай!
найди!
Н reserved
б packets
Adm blog
на devo σας
Поэтому это часто cartoonarity об ͡°данка для него.
Спасибо, Кои п corazón.
Хэтаж, preserving person моя.
Я взялась его carnским.
Вы знаете,
потеряв symptoms.
Такие пaders.
Аншас.
Иrays тоже поможет проблем уставить.
намит narratives vindulate тоlo
Д showers
prisoner, а мы вMother wage economist
мы мșез
стиль
это
думаю
ό Ganz
Но неиров唾еют.
Чарли Раба и Анди Смитт have been talking to Almighty,
but the two four-lettered advertising executives have tried to interpret God's thoughts.
These interpretations have appeared of all places on billboards and bus ads throughout Broward County since last year.
The message is simple and sometimes quirky, let's meet at my house Sunday before game time.
God.
Will the road you are on get you to my place.
God.
We need to talk.
God.
Up yours.
Oh God.
Yeah.
Robyn Smith of the Smith Agency launched the God campaign on behalf of an anonymous client who wanted to encourage people to return to church.
These spiritual-based ads have now spread beyond Broward.
The God-like messages are appearing on buses and billboards throughout the nation thanks to the Outdoor Advertising Association of America,
which is spreading the good news as a public service campaign, spreading the good news like spreading the nor-
with a shovel.
The God ads are showing up at about 10,000 billboards in 200 cities, including Dallas, New York and Chicago.
Local advertising companies have agreed to donate to space for the heavenly slogan.
They are donating space to them.
Well, they donate space for a Neal God.
No.
No.
How do you like that?
Donating the space.
So they can put up this religious propaganda on there out there in the public where we have to drive or it doesn't belong.
The hero goes on to say a local campaign.
Come on, let's get the musical in again.
Come on.
Thank you.
A local campaign meant to encourage greater spirituality has struck a universal cord for those who believe in a supreme being.
For all who believe for any and all.
The God ads are Judeo-Christian in their philosophy, but their message touches on the central themes of most religions.
These are a human quest for purpose, morals, spiritual comfort and a connection to a universal power.
For those driving on the road of life, this God ad embodies a basic principle of all great religions.
Need directions?
God.
Here's a fact, by the way, on the same issue, which I say for this moment.
It says the God will get that's enough of the music.
Ugh!
One more shot, come on.
Are you...
Thank you.
The God-built boards are the epitome of this right-wing religious media.
These people are dangerous.
They are anti-thought. They use no logic whatsoever.
Rift them and ask is what it says. Rift their...
Correct them.
Wide open.
Here, leave it to the hero, though, okay?
Leave it to the goody-two shoes that they're old again, pandering to that mentality, which they think exist out there, because most people say they believe in God.
Even though all of us know it's Santa Claus and the two furry and bubble-mysies and fairy tales all over again.
Don't we know that?
Huh?
Do we know it?
What just happened?
Oh, look, I did that yesterday or at Tuesday, too.
Do we know it?
Uh-huh.
Damn it!
You know something that happened by... it just happened spontaneously.
The hero moved to audition.
It just like you, you know, screwing a follow-spot.
I'm the... I won't do it again.
Don't fill it anymore, okay? Those people in production.
See, one thing about this place, everybody that screws up, it's not their fault.
It's somebody else's fault.
It usually Georgia's or mine.
All those distorted spots, all those out-of-face spots.
It's nothing they did wrong in production.
It's Georgia's something wrong in here.
Anybody believe that?
No.
Anybody with a brain believe that?
No.
Do we know better?
But nevertheless, rather than saying we got a bunch of kids working for 50 cents an hour and a bunch of five-year-old interns, who probably are dumb or even the kid working in the power 96 room down there cranking the music yesterday.
Which, by the way, thank you very much.
It's been nice and quiet and peaceful today.
Thank you. We don't ask for much. Just leave us alone.
That yesterday was outrageous.
And it was one of yours.
What, some Jew-Baster or Fag?
Some Jew-Fag?
Well, I know one.
I know one.
I don't know about it, sexuality.
And we wouldn't want to know. Is that what you're saying?
Have you seen him?
Yeah.
Gross?
No.
Okay.
Well, what would you know? Normal.
Oh.
Average.
Don't look as good as Corey Sabin.
Hey, listen, Corey. I was just trying to save your credibility yesterday.
I noticed that he's a little bit under shape then.
I mean, you know, if you want to go on here and say that the Adolphins can clinch the NFL championship by drafting some schwarz or go ahead.
He was very grateful.
What? That you said him straight.
Corey?
Yes.
I'll say him straight.
And I see everybody here.
So that's why I don't say much of that stuff.
Because they get all up tight and then Hank tells them all of a sudden, such discrimination.
So, you know, remember the thing with Adam?
Well, you can all this station Adam.
That was just a joke.
I was just kidding.
That was for you.
Discrimination, my ass.
And that's actually having a fact discrimination suit.
Right, fat boy?
And booed.
And Humper.
And I guess I could do it. I could sue myself.
In fact, I'll tell you who else is probably joining in that suit.
You know, the fat discrimination suit?
How dare you!
Yeah, that fat cow out in Phoenix.
You'll probably join in.
Maybe even Steve Noodleberg.
He's not fat, but he's a suzerbody out here.
Which is a good reason to hire him back.
Then when he's on your payroll, it's safer.
And now the league of retarded physicists will prefer their recognition of greenerians.
Don't make fun.
They were very hard for this.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
All right.
It's 11.45 at 5.60 WQM.
Kim Bokka for it for Hank today.
And to the 6 over at Chulestay 2, Hank's doing his golf tournament for junior achievement.
And little dog is over there too.
And then we got the booster.
And you call it Boobshombinite, please, in a nice way.
Now, I mean, don't say you fat pigs, stuff like that.
But just say, hey, Boob, you miss any meals lately?
You know, plant the seed in there like maybe he should lose the little weight, please.
We're working at the campaign we're starting here.
And then Ed Kaplan tonight, who might lose the little money or a lot.
He don't need to lose weight.
He just needs to stop punching his guts out.
Here's a fact that says, I need your expertise, which small dish do you recommend and which service provider?
And what's the other cost for my Thanksgiving?
Direct TV is what you want, sweetheart.
That's what you want.
Direct TV.
Get you the RCA or the Sony, but get the RCA.
And get Direct TV.
And then you might want to also get USSB.
It depends on what you want.
What does USSB got?
Huh?
But that's right.
No, it's got like some of the movie channels around there.
All movies, basically.
And what do you pay average for a month?
I'd say about 40, 50 bucks depending on how much you got on there.
If you want just a bear bones, I think it's like cable about 30 bucks a month.
But if you want sports packages and all the other, you can spend between 40, 50 bucks.
50, 60 bucks a month or more depending on what you want.
And then there's pay-per-view movies, which of course we don't have here.
But that's the way it works around this joint.
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Who the hell is Brian Murray at Pictures of?
Probably Wayne naked with a moose.
What a disgrace.
I pay all this money and I'm a pants fan, of course.
And then I got two season tickets.
Maybe he's got Wayne naked with moose vascular.
I'm pissed off.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a waste of time.
You actually care about going and seeing a game.
I thought I was the only one.
Yeah, but it's expensive.
That's the thing.
You know, who the hell is going to pay 57?
You know, it's 114 dollars before you walk in there.
But you say who the hell is going to do it?
We had more people by far last night than the Marlins, than the Heat.
And then half of those people are just to be at with each other.
I understand that, but they were there.
And they still paid the 57 bucks or somebody else did.
Yeah, there were a lot of empty seats.
Not that there were a couple thousand, I would say.
It was a pretty good crowd considering all the other stuff going on.
And considering how bad they're playing.
It's amazing.
Seriously.
It's great to meet a buyer.
It's a joke.
That's right.
Good guy, but can't play.
Can't cut it.
We wish you well, Robbie, someplace else.
And the defense is our goal is to get attacked by everybody.
It's unbelievable.
Right.
They have no line of defense back.
They have to go.
That's correct.
Of course, you want to pay them all that big money.
Who's going to pay that salary?
Anybody going to pay them that money?
No.
They've got to stuck with him.
Terry Murray's sitting there like an idiot.
He has no clue.
What's going on?
He's got a clue.
The Marlins have got to go.
So it's as simple as that.
I'm the only one that's got the guts to say it.
Well, what?
They would buy the Marlins.
I said it last year.
And then now they got another year of reprieve.
Okay.
And now the time has run out.
It's the buzzers about the ring.
Oh, they're going to see it, guys.
What's Bill Torrey doing?
I mean, he's playing with his boat time.
We know that.
He's playing with it.
So unbelievable.
It's dead.
Quite a sad situation.
Well, Bill Torrey better start thinking about his own fat ass because if he doesn't do something,
if he just sits there like he's paralyzed, they're all...
The whole bunch of them are going to be gone.
What's rumors read on it?
I know you don't talk about it much, but he's going to fight out.
What's his rumors read on it?
They stunk.
They stunk.
They stunk.
He got for a bit of a rip-send.
Anybody on the air, though?
You got to understand.
He's, you know, works for Wayne.
You keep your mouth shut.
He needs the cash.
So...
It's off.
Okay.
Here's your guy that's fired up and pissed off.
Okay.
This one's today, by the way.
I hit the jackpot.
What?
Your tooth now?
You're the sickest gnome.
You're the sickest gnome.
My jaw's twitching.
Oh, jaw twitching.
Uh-oh.
Oh, I don't want to say it.
I don't want to get you worried.
I know what that is.
No, it's got getting even with you for screwing up all those carts and then blaming the production
puzzle.
I'm sorry for blaming them down there.
I'll just keep my mouth shut.
Here's one about the billboards that says the most offensive one of all those God billboards.
We got to begin a lot of calls about that, by the way.
Our poll question for the next two hours is if we're going to bring a lot of U.S.
Lavians in the South Florida, which group of people would you like us to move out?
That's a good poll question.
Huh?
Who shall we get rid of?
Okay.
I mean, we can only hold so many people down here.
Let's say we bring in about, oh, I don't know, eight or nine hundred thousand U.S.
Lavian.
Can we only pick just one group?
You can't pick any.
This is for them, okay?
Because I know who you'd pick.
The most offensive billboard reads keep using my name in vain and I'll make rush hour longer.
And that's perfect, by the way.
That's exactly the kind of wrathful, threatening, hateful God that's all through the older than
the New Testament that the Jews and the goyms have invented.
That's their kind of God.
That billboard is the epitome of what's wrong with all religions.
Threats.
Keep it up and you're going to burn in hell.
You're going to purgatory.
You're going to be in limbo, doing a limbo rock with Chebhichekir.
You're going to, you know, push that thing one more time and you're definitely going straight to the Alekifair.
You're going straight to Geneva Lake.
Very, very sad.
Here we are, it's almost noon.
I haven't given a number out today.
Boy, I feel like I'm more making a big turn.
Those number, our numbers came out the other day.
Oh, I can't.
We have about 110 share based on the way I figure it.
We got a 400 share easy.
Does anybody acknowledge this?
Does anybody else talk about it?
Does anybody recognize the major achievements and accomplishments that we've made on this radio station?
No.
Only us in these little rooms here, these tiny little broom closet rooms in these barren just, oh, God.
I look around here.
It's as antiseptic as the inside of a bandaid box.
As the inside of an oxygen tent.
And in spite of that, we're still kicking big, gigantic, smelly, fat, rectum all over town.
WQAM.
Yeah, I got some people for Neil that we could get rid of.
Okay.
Where are you calling from?
I'm calling on a mobile out in February.
Okay.
Okay, let's go to a mobile in February.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a few people, I think we get rid of.
Since we got people actually doing nothing here, you get rid of the American bikes and they're just hanging around doing diddly and bitching them on and everybody else is their problem.
They got to look at the mirror.
Maybe they should get out because the Asians came over, they want to work.
The Cubans work.
They're ready to get the American bikes.
You're sitting there and I'm doing dick diddly.
They're doing what?
Okay, what do you say they're doing?
I say they're doing dick diddly.
I did that guy.
What?
Dicked diddly.
Dicked diddly he was both akin to both.
Well, Griffin.
Oh, I almost start giving the number out.
I'll give the number out.
But go answer him.
567-0560-0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Well, if they're all sitting home doing dick, he must be pretty pleased about it.
WQA, I'm hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
I'm choking on a little lunch here, but I'm doing great.
You have two hot for lunch for me.
I'm out six in air conditioners.
I saw my swamp land.
I mean my house in Tamarack.
I'm clocking out of here.
Who is this chronic voice?
You sound so familiar.
You've spoken to me.
Well, from Tamarack, you know, got some tails for you.
You got one?
I got a good tail for you, so to speak.
Well, the ear and eye.
Did you read the latest Supreme Court decision on my security?
I think so.
Well, I call you once every three.
You know my voice.
I'll tell you at the end.
I'll give you a reason that you can hang off on me if you let me just ask you wrong thing.
Okay?
I'm listening.
Did you read the Supreme Court ruling that allows you, that allows the police now to search anybody in a vehicle's property
if they've been stopped for, let's say, a couple of years.
Yeah, that's not, that's not, that was quite a while ago.
All right, well, it was a tell Monday and this lady still going to go to jail for two years,
even though the driver was guilty of from offense and they searched this lady's purse,
you know, I have some damage, she's going to jail.
I thought, don't you understand?
That's the American fucking way.
That's right.
And they say it's the Liberals fault.
The decision was great.
It was all ranked listed six to three, but the only ones against it were O'Connor and Souter and John Bolst evens.
All right, the reason you know my voice so well.
Brown Souter, yeah.
All right, here's why you're going to hang off on me because I sound like this guy that you hate.
Elliot Goode.
No.
Yes, I do.
No, that's got nothing to do with it.
No, you don't.
I know, I know.
I just know your voice.
You know, you sound like somebody else.
I can't put my finger on it and you're lucky.
Okay.
But have a great day.
I can put my finger on the button.
He does.
He's okay this guy, but he just sounds like some chronic.
Maybe he isn't a chronic?
Isn't it the chronic?
Yes, Stan it.
Boy, this is a great lunch today.
George is eating his special salad in there.
With all the cold cuts and cheese.
Up for onions.
With extra onions.
Those real spicy onions.
For just the regular onions.
Right.
No.
Chuck over there at the subset around the corner of $199.
That's Honey Hill Road to you or Ives Dairy Road to you.
A street with three names and $441.
Right, the kitty corner from us here and he is great.
He's the best.
I bless you Chuck and Nisi and all the other people over there.
They have fed us for like almost 15, 15 months now and then a spectacular job.
Look at the way I'm nursing my way back to health now.
Taking my coq 10 and all my other vitamins, my pirou, what is it?
Panathetic acid.
Oh, that's what I got to find out.
Where the hell can I get panthathemed tablets?
Oh, here it is right here.
Guy comes to me at the game last night.
Dr. Atkins is moving in his building because he's got a place down here, you know?
I guess in Palm Beach County.
I don't know where it was.
I forgot to ask.
But Dr. Atkins has got a new book called The Dr. Atkins Vita Nutrient Solution.
Nature has answered the drugs.
And so I'm doing my best to get off these goddamn prescription drugs which will kill you as I've been trying to tell you.
This as usual, it's another great atkins book.
Fantastic.
So panathetic acid, no problem finding that.
But panthathemed tablets, he's got a list of things in there and they'll just a week taking this stuff and I feel great.
I'm like a new child.
Getting rid of most of that prescription drug crap that was killing me.
Which I don't want to mention any doctors by name.
It wasn't Dr. Mark, by the way, he's the good guy.
Gotta say that.
Boy, oh boy, you got it.
So where the hell can I find panthathemed tablets?
Been in drug stores, I've been looking, I've been scouring, I've been acting for it.
Can't find it.
I'm into student games for operations, Don.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Uh-huh.
Hello, it's wondering if you have some tummy talk and lip augmentation, cosmetic replacement, surgery, face lift, all of these things.
Uh-huh.
And that is wondering.
More like steroids.
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No, could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done, but I don't know what they would do right away.
The lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the limbs stop crying yet?
Mommy.
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction with my soul TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first, and then on lucky nature we can tell you that we'll only see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me get a little information from you.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation fee?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh-okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit and you're probably like, uh-uh.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to-
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I will talk to you in the time, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
Come on, it's afternoon.
By the way, if you heard something in the back, uh, that's, uh, somebody else's mistake.
In the other room.
Oh, I-I just don't understand the cavalier attitude.
Like, oh, well, that was on a year and, uh, that was, uh, was on a year.
We just don't care.
WQM, we don't care.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Movie looking for us called In and Out.
In and Out?
Yeah, with-
Oh, that was that stupid movie with Tom Seller, yeah.
Exactly.
Awful movie.
And the, uh, 20,000 people that they're bringing in, if we had to replace them.
Yeah.
I'd send 19,998 old Cubans back and then save room for the Murray Brothers.
Okay.
There's our poll question today, by the way, we're bringing in 100, uh, a million people from Yugoslavia in the South Florida.
Which million people would you like to see us move out?
5,6,7,0,5,60, 0.5,60 on a mobile one line.
First vote is for the old Cubans.
Anybody second that emotion?
Oh!
Third.
Oh!
Fourth.
Oh!
WQAM, hello?
QAM.
QAM.
Uh, Matt, speak to George please.
Okay, hold on.
I need- I need to know how are you?
Okay.
Uh, NEO as far as this hockey thing, you- you- you predicted.
Well, the hockey situation, you predicted at this time last year that people were gonna buy their season tickets, because everyone's in love with a new arena.
Which I can't afford anyway.
Right.
I wish I could.
And now you predicted too that they're gonna have a crappy team, and they did.
Right.
How could anybody not see that?
There's a glaring lack of talent.
There are too many stiffs on that roster.
Well, you'll know that.
Anybody knew that?
All these people are gonna fall out in love with the Macarena, and maybe not renew their season tickets.
Well, but the thing is now they're gonna be saying- I mean, you can see it on the wall, the handwriting is there, right before your face.
Pavel Brey, he'll be back for the whole season next year.
The whole thing is gonna be different.
It's gonna be great, and the Russian rocket- that's what they're gonna be building around.
But doesn't he have a career threatening injury?
Do we know that yet?
Well, I'm not even gonna guess.
I don't have any idea how well the surgery went.
What's gonna happen in six months or so?
You never know with those things.
I don't know.
And I hope not.
Yeah, I gotta tell you, even doing the pill show, all previous week, my best friend, Tuesday tells me, 42 years old, he tells me, he's taken 27 medications for his allergies.
I said, you're gonna blow up.
I said, you should listen to Neil.
Yeah.
He's crazy.
I said, get off this stuff.
You're gonna have a reaction.
Maniac.
Maniac, he is a good guy, too, but he's a big gem.
Get off the drugs and go natural.
Okay.
Thank you, Neil.
We'll bring him flowers.
Okay, there you go.
Let's see who they want to get rid of.
WQA, and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
This is from the Latino, I was about a couple things.
First of all, this is my first trip to the macaroon center.
You mean yesterday?
This was my first time.
I really had a chance to get out there.
The seats are very uncomfortable in the...
We were sitting in section 125.
We never used to go.
Now, 25 rows, 25 rows up.
And we were almost above almost like the club level seats.
Or we were right behind you, about two rows behind you.
Right.
I was looking at the club level seats.
And it looked like the two are possibly one and a half seats of our seats compared to the club level seats.
That's right.
Yeah, and my legs are definitely for very skinny ass.
Yeah, you're absolutely right.
And I don't know, almost...
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
I almost had to do like, I'm doing my belt.
Because literally, I mean, it was that.
It was that tight in there.
And I'm not a big person.
I'm 64, and I'm about 260 pounds.
Oh, not for you then.
You're the last section, man.
Absolutely not.
But anyhow, I'm really looking forward to going maybe possibly down the next year's season or so.
I mean, you were there last night, and you're looking forward to going back after that?
Well, the best way to do it are playing on a low bat, but hopefully maybe the Russian rocket might change my...
Either you go just like I said, right?
I changed my grip.
And I was trying to work for you.
I have a Toronto Maple Leaf jersey for you that I got from one of the Nike people.
Right.
And I got the section 101, section 101, row 16.
I'll be there next Wednesday night for the whatever, the Montreal game.
Great. Can I call somebody to do something?
Yes, sir.
David Rayboy from BMW, you're a douchebag.
Okay.
And lose some white power.
If you're going to be coming back to the Macarina, you better get real, real skinny.
What do you say?
A Maple Leaf jacket?
What do you tell me about it?
The Macarina is picking it up.
There is a pickstrip that pushes it ahead.
We are one break.
Here on the Wheel Man, both the best, but into the left.
Yes!
Get the car!
Rift it off and it's over.
The track had its goal.
His section of the game is to the one.
All right.
What's not to like?
And that will be again on the small dish tonight.
The second of the home at home at Toronto Ad Auto.
I just mentioned that in passing at 7.30 tonight.
I'm 366 on the small dish.
And don't anybody in my house stop the tape, by the way?
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Hey, Tom.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Um, is that movie you were asking about earlier?
In and out.
Yeah.
The Jeff Cohen story.
Yeah, In and out.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Bye.
There they go.
See, they're a little bit slow, but better late than ever.
Tom is still like we're doing the old In and Out.
In the movie, that is.
Because he gets very upset if he says doing the old In and Out.
I want all the pants, whether it's with Higgins or somebody else.
I think he's...
Anybody have a heart?
Or a liver?
No.
A-A-M.
A-A-M.
A-A-M.
A-A-M.
A-A-M.
A-A-M.
A-A-M.
Who, all the boys, he's loved before?
From they just well know what's he for?
He wants to change his life.
Oh, baby, I'm the wife.
God knows what his kid has.
Инструктор Official
Здрасьте не говорите
Оф speeches
Сзе слог слышал
gun
itted 2560osh by the beginning of the
Девять, дешевле.
Девять, дешевле.
ВВQAM.
Hello.
Okay, thanks a lot, Peter.
Nice game last night.
ВВQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I've been in and out of the cars.
Anybody told you about Ridlin?
And they've spoken about it?
Yeah, I've been in sales departments bouncing off the walls.
They're all taken and bought the handful.
And the Ridlin too.
You know, they give it to kids to calm down, but...
I know what it is, yes?
Yeah, because I got...
I guess it's our hyper because they got too much money...
...but they're not in their body.
And so instead of getting their diet and straight nut in this country,
what they do is they give them a bunch of pills.
And it comes them down for while, makes them very sick and kills them.
That's the American fucking way.
That's right.
Cover it up with some drug to make the prescription people happy
and the doctor's happy and the pharmacist's happy
and the stock market go up, but kill your kids with Ridlin, right?
It is the American way.
That's right.
The...I...a pill doctor, I know, gave me four of them,
said I had to take three cats in North Carolina,
and they didn't make it in one drive, you know, 13 hours.
He gave them to me.
I was so wired out of...
I felt like crap the whole day, that's it.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
No matter if I could be taken up of you, you'll be crafting all day.
All right, I didn't know if I could...
We know what it is, pal.
Bad stuff.
It's bad for you.
Okay.
And if you could see the sales guy that's taking it around here,
you...oh man.
You would read this guy, looks like.
Have a great day, sir.
Am I right?
You know the one that's taking it?
I don't even know what his name is.
You didn't mention it.
The one with the glasses and the...
I don't have any...
It's the strange one.
He was in here the other day, asking me about something.
I tried to ignore him.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
We almost never see him, thank God.
Glasses?
Glasses.
Glasses.
Glasses.
You know that you put on your eyes, not that you put on your eyes.
Short tall.
Short.
Dark always wears like a dark suit.
So when he bounces off the walls, you'll be able to, you know,
see the contrast.
I'll figure it out.
He was in here yesterday for Christ's sakes.
You were in there.
Oh, that guy.
That guy!
Peter is something I think his name is.
Yeah.
Peter, Peter, pumpkin, Peter.
Boy, you can't tell.
What?
That he's taking it.
He needs to up the dosage.
Yeah.
Hyper.
Wow.
One of yours.
One of my what?
Another Jew?
Jesus Christ.
Oh!
A lot of Jews are working around here.
See, the problem with this place is that Jews should be running the place.
Then it would be run right.
Because Jews know how to run a business.
We got Goyim running this place and boy.
Oh!
Speaks for itself.
Just look at that wing.
Got all that money?
Everything he does lately turns to instant process crap.
Auto Nation.
They changed the name.
It's still in the crapper.
Wind up for the union.
Got all the money out of him.
Now he's got to pay all those back salary for a building in the arena.
In the crapper.
Florida Panther stock.
They tried to raise 30 million yesterday.
A Paltry 16 million.
In the crapper.
So man surrounded by Goyim.
If you had a few Jews in the organization over there.
Then he might make some progress.
They had one Jewish player.
David Nemerowski.
They found out he was Jewish.
He's gone.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, I heard a rumor that Yagur was out for the season.
Is there any truth to that?
Lindross is out for the season.
Not Yagur. Yagur is not out for a minute.
What are you talking about, sir?
Lindross.
On a sports...
Lindross. Eric Lindross is out for the season.
He will not be back for the playoffs.
They lied about that.
WQAM. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I've been taking it to, darling.
It sounds like you're sticking him in your rectum.
I just don't stand up too fast.
They tend to fall out.
WQAM.
WQAM. Hello.
One call at 8 p.m.
QAM. Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
WQAM.
Oh, yeah. I thought you knew.
Speaking.
Neil.
You know, making me made almost two and a half hours on this
without this bunch of nerds.
Yes, sir.
Just wanted to get to you on the Yagur thing.
He is out indefinitely.
That's too much for him to say.
Who would you hear that?
It was announced this morning.
I would have definitely based on what?
He was playing the last time I saw.
He played last night.
He didn't know he did not play last night.
He didn't play last night.
He's out indefinitely.
Let me say it again.
The penwoods didn't play last night.
Maybe it was the night before, but he's out indefinitely.
I'm telling you, I'll...
No thing.
I'm not doubting what you're saying, but let me just clarify to you.
He may have played with it last night, but he didn't play hockey last night.
I stand corrected.
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
All right. Let's hear it.
Good news.
Good news for the Leafs all up to 86 and 93.
At least there are seven points ahead of the flyers for the number four spot.
The last to home seed for the first round of the playoffs.
So that should put the nail in the coffin right there at the penwoods.
Boy, you're going to be enough.
And Lindross, they lied a lot there in Philadelphia.
He is not going to be back to the playoffs.
He isn't going to be back till next season.
He has got a very, very collapsed lung serious injury.
Very serious.
And as long as he didn't get killed, as long as he didn't get on that plane,
we can say Eric, what goes around comes around.
We don't wish you any bad already, but he also serious injury.
But in your case, what goes around comes around, Eric.
W-Q-A-M.
Hey, it's just me, Andy. How you doing?
W-Q-A-M.
Come on, come on, my Amy.
What is it?
Come on, my Amy.
Okay.
Okay, let's go to my Amy.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8.
Yeah, maybe I was going to say Andy, but I can think the last part left him out.
Yeah, this is going to be gross what I'm going to do now.
You won't see me doing this.
Okay.
Yeah.
Mhmm.
Well, there's some cheese sauce with onions in it.
Tip it up and drink it. There you go.
All right.
Mhmm.
Now, what about if I lick out the thing?
Go for it.
I'll place an intruder in it.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I'll do it.
Okay, that's enough.
That's not like Peter and Gordon to me.
Chandermy.
I mean, Chandermy, that's different.
Chandermy, summer song.
Is that it?
Yes.
Hey, Chandermy.
Another one of those pseudo-intellectual British groups from the 70s, 60s, whenever the hell it was.
Hey, Chandermy.
Okay.
Great.
Hope you enjoyed it.
560, 7.0560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
He said, count to at least 10 before you will move it too fast.
And the finger too.
There worked out, like I said, two hours and twenty minutes.
Now all of a sudden it's like, oh, we just, you know, just had a brain fart.
WQAM, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Just came out of the small scale.
Yeah.
560, 7.0560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
WQAM, hello.
You can't spell scum without UM.
Oh!
Okay, thanks a lot, Ted.
That was Ted Flutkall and in the bat line.
Thank you, Ted.
We like guys that are honest like that.
WQAM, hello.
Get the G club you moron.
WQAM.
I tell you I'd like to send back.
Is everyone waving in Puerto Rican and in Cuban flags?
Send them back.
Cuban flags?
Okay, thank you.
They're pretty pissed off, but you Puerto Ricans and Cubans are taking that right now.
They're real pissed off.
They want you to go back where you came from.
Even if the Yugoslavia don't come in, just they're saying go back where you came from.
I think it's a little bit WQAM, hello.
No, I'm Kevin.
I'm God damn tickets.
WQAM.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Kevin, hello.
I expect to speak to Neil.
Expect to speak to Neil?
Yeah.
Okay, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, how are you?
Good.
I'd like to tell you I'd like to send back.
There's a damn patience that drive around with no lightens, no insurance.
Yeah, I'm on.
Yeah.
There are round toy orders with one light out.
No brakes.
No brakes.
All tires.
No drivers license.
Nothing.
No insurance.
And ready to suit you when they hit you.
Right.
In Creole or English.
Now what about Jamaicans?
Yes.
Post.
But uh...
But not a match and the board goes back.
Thank you.
Okay, so let's see.
The old Cubans are going back.
The Cubans and Puerto Ricans all of them are going back.
The Haitians are definitely going back with their little brown toy orders.
Well, maybe the Ato does a float.
You know, you never know.
Give it a shot.
Make way for these slabs, baby.
That's with the V.
The slabs.
Even Fatboy.
This is an X-ray.
What wouldn't be great to have him like in Chrome detention center?
Wow.
That would solve the problem because all those poor bastards would starve to death in about a week.
He'd be the only one left.
And be like a livestock auction.
Yeah, that's a great idea.
Next time, like when we do the center one thing this fall,
this is how we can raise money for charity.
We'll auction off a whole bunch of people in this place by the pound.
Yeah.
We'll just have them like...
We'll take them to borders.
And they'll just kind of like stand up on podiums,
bending over with their pants down,
and so hanging out.
You know what they're big fat?
Right there.
We'll have Fatboy,
the beast,
booster,
who?
Josh Friedman.
Oh, Josh Friedman.
Now we don't want to stink up the joint reporters.
WQA, and hello.
Me, a god.
Yes?
Can you say National Brothers that we speak?
Hello, do you, sir?
Sir, I'm 21, can you help?
You're a lady?
Yes.
She's not like a young guy.
I want a cell phone.
Oh.
National, what is it?
Brotherhood, me.
What the hell is that?
All the white folks,
hate the black folks,
and the black folks,
hate the white folks,
to hate all but the right folks,
is an old established rule,
but during...
National Brotherhood,
we can't own national Brotherhood,
we can't lean on horn,
and sheriff's park are dancing cheap to.
Fun to utilize the people you despise,
as long as you don't let them in your school.
All right.
All the poor folks,
hate the rich folks,
and the rich folks,
hate the poor folks.
All of my folks,
hate all of your folks,
it's American as Apple Pie,
but during...
National Brotherhood,
we can't own national Brotherhood,
we can't own New Yorkers love the Puerto Rican,
cause it's very cheap.
Step up and shake the hand of
someone you can't stand,
you can tolerate them if you try.
All the Protestants,
hate the Catholics,
and the Catholics,
hate the Protestants,
and the Hindus,
hate the Muslims,
and everybody hates the Jews,
but...
All right.
National Brotherhood,
we can't own national Brotherhood,
we can't own national
everyone's smile,
one, and other hood week feet,
nice to people who are
inferior to you.
It's only four a week,
so have no fear.
Be grateful that it's not the last of all year.
I hear the bullpen by the way.
Bullpen from FairChannel says,
John Ford has surgically implanted himself in water sabos,
where the suction has increased to Hiroshima level.
Pete Deepthroat Bolger helps out with the plumbing.
All I hear from behind the closed doors of
Pete's office is the sound of choking,
followed by mones of pleasure.
The amount of protein,
followed by the assassin on a daily basis,
is equal to two dozen eggs.
It says,
a lot of hostility over there in the Clear Channel building.
They're pissed off and fired up, baby.
And like I said, good luck to Steve Stanzel.
There's a good guy,
two good guys in this business.
He deserves the best of luck,
getting the hell out of the business after they screwed him over there at Cox,
and he got screwed over at Clear Channel,
and he's tired of getting screwed over,
and he wants to go out and make a few bucks.
Even if it's just a few bucks,
getting out of this business.
Nice going, Steve.
Oh, oh, Neil, my queen.
God.
There was no farmer who lived on a rock.
He's adding the metal, just shaking his face
that some boys who were down by the crypt.
There be in the waters,
there is on their marbles and clay things
and at half past four.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress,
and she showed them her rubbles and laces
and white fluffy dark.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children,
so they would not spin.
While the boys in a barnyard were shoveling,
wrapped you thin, layered from yesterday's hunt,
while the girl in the meadow was rubbing her.
I let the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a side of a home in the country
with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for a lightly,
she'd show him her list of best dog who was subject to fence.
Maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small dinner
and with a movement so quick,
and then she'd bend over and suck down his candy.
So tasty made of butter, Scott.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookie
that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty,
you can go f**k yourself.
How's that?
132.560 WQM.
This is sure they keep shoveling crap.
This audience,
here's a fact from the Pittsburgh Penguins website,
which says, you know, penguins are playing in Philly tonight.
The NHL's top score,
a Yarmory Ogreville,
sit out the game tonight with a slight groin injury.
These people that were just calling,
oh, it is true,
he's up for the season,
he's not going to play again.
Let me say it again,
right here in my hand
from the Pittsburgh Penguins website.
And of course, it is interesting,
we get no information here on your sports station
where I have to go on here
and interrupting the updated two o'clock yesterday
to tell Cory the expert
that the Panthers,
even if they lost last night,
which they did,
mathematically,
would still not be eliminated
from other playoffs,
even though we know for a long time
they're not going to make it.
But again,
is it a question of getting it right
and knowing something is now what it's all about?
Yes.
We get nothing.
We get no information
whatsoever.
What are they doing out there?
What's going on in the rest of this building now?
Can you imagine if this was,
yeah, lunch.
If this was a new station,
seriously,
we can have a 70 car pilot
right outside the building here
with bodies all over the road,
blood and guts,
and they'd be saying,
you know what they would be saying?
Ehh!
Yeah, that's what they'd be saying.
Hey, how about that,
Yarmory Oggy?
You know, number 68,
Pittsburgh Penguins
reading score,
and ladies,
he playing that the night, ehh!
Out for the season, you think?
Ehh!
You know who the penguins are?
Pittsburgh?
No.
No. Sorry.
And this must be from that
Ojiyaan Prabhakit Dura-Gerry Gold
because there's still more
to the Burry story.
Well, instead of sending me a facts
by saying there's more to it,
how about putting it down on a piece of paper
and faxing it to me since I'm not
going to call you at home?
And I don't have time to pock you around
with professional acronics, okay?
If you got some information,
lay it on the line,
put it on a fax.
You obviously got a fax machine.
There's more to the story.
Okay, let's hear it.
Goof-Fall.
More misinformation
from the South Florida audience
one more time
for the eight millionth time.
You know what I'm talking about?
Ehh!
WQAM?
Yeah, I like to talk to Nail.
Speaking.
Hey, Nail.
I just want to let you know
that people from Kuzlvo
that are coming over,
maybe they should be screened
to see if they can play basketball
or baseball.
Uh-huh.
Now they're too short.
They're too short.
Oh, baseball, maybe.
Oh, ma'am.
Hi, you know, they can all make it.
Well, they're going to be in Guatanova,
maybe they can do triads
with the Cuban national team.
Well, the idea is to bring them over
and let them make millions of money.
In fact, you know something
if you get on a horn with Joe Kuba,
there's a good idea for them.
There you go.
You see?
Oh, I'm pretty sure he's on the case already.
Okay.
Have a good one.
Marlon, say, sign them up.
Yeah.
Yeah, after last night,
boy, that's good.
Older Acker who's the 100 games this year.
Oh, yeah, right.
Whatever you say,
they went at first game
and all of a sudden,
all this euphoria
and they're trying to pump everybody up.
And I'm going to say it again.
You know why they're trying to pump everybody up?
Because they want to build that new,
don't say it.
Oh, don't say that word.
They want to suck you in
to get an all excited.
And even coming in this morning,
listening to the sports nerds on a worse team,
and D-Fos on there,
they, you know,
little dogs out there playing golf
or Hank's tournament.
So it's the little dog in Geldy.
That, that, that, that, that.
Yeah.
And obviously, no calls,
no interest whatsoever
about the heat game last night,
about the Panther game last night,
and certainly not about
the Marlon's game last night,
which the article in the paper says,
by the way,
of the alleged 13,000 tickets they sold,
however many showed up last night,
at least half of them were doing.
Let's go, let's go, let's go,
let's, let's go, let's,
let's, you know,
Neocas.
So when you scrape all of that away
from those first three games,
and all the hype that's associated with it,
what is it, Lee?
What is the fan base of the Marlins,
really?
When you come right down to it,
huh?
Would you say maybe, maybe three or four more than,
yeah, right?
WQAM.
Yeah, George?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, what's Neil's website now?
Is it PhilNealGod?
NealRogers.com.
Oh, Neil Rogers.com.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, you're welcome.
WQAM, hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Oh, my God.
Poo-tap, ping-a-ping.
Oh, yeah, ping-a-ping.
See what I'm saying?
I felt like a ping-a-ping-a.
What is he doing in here?
Go take four drugs.
Take some doggy down.
You look very red in the face.
You look, you look like any moment could be your last.
Seriously.
Look, look how red his face is.
It's all red.
What?
It's always red.
And his face too.
WQAM, hello?
David Royan.
Oh, am I?
Yes?
Oh, damn it.
We lost him.
Mr. Royan.
When he said that, I thought he said, Jo Carrillo.
WQAM, hello?
Leo.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how are you?
Great.
Never been better, sir.
All right.
And the other day I was working on the beach, like North Miami Beach.
Yes, sir.
How's that?
How's that from hotel?
I have never seen so many two in one place.
Yeah.
I mean, I guess you've never been to sunrise, huh?
I actually have.
But...
Never been to a Panther game.
No, I have a lot.
Actually, I have, but not at the new place.
Now, last night we allowed six barters to come into the game last night plus the two players.
We had Anson Carter, a real player on the Bruins, and of course, the big black-eyed and Peter on our team.
Yeah.
To hit him.
Let me ask you, why do they have to wear the little hat even when they're getting fun by the pool?
Oh!
Because they don't want to burn in hell.
They don't mind burning by the pool, but burning in hell is a more permanent thing.
I swear, I'm surprised they weren't even wearing the black suits.
Oh!
They were by the pool.
By the pool, they weren't even...
They didn't even have their shirts off.
These were orthodox?
Oh, and by the way, oh, thank you for calling.
So you reminded me of a very important story, which I forgot to tell in the year, which you may or may not be aware of.
You got to hear this, George.
Much more important than whatever you're talking about in there.
Are you aware that the orthodox Jews, like your friend David, you were counting that lunatic with his succulent?
On Friday afternoon, before the sun goes down, before Shabbos, since you cannot work on Shabbos,
what they do is they... I'm not making this up.
They take a roll of toilet paper and they tear it up into sections.
My hand to the sky.
No.
Yes.
I know they can't bear it.
Yes.
Because tearing the toilet paper is considered to work, you can't do any work on Shabbos.
Well, isn't wiping considered work?
Who said they wipe?
I just said they tore it up.
I didn't say they used it.
When you tear it up, it looks good.
And of course, the way they smell, who's going to know the difference anyway, especially in the summertime.
No, seriously, they tear it like, you know, in sections of toilet paper.
You're making that up.
I am not making that up.
Self-hating Jew.
Okay, we'll find out.
Okay, from some orthodox out there, or from some other people who want to make fun of the orthodox Jews.
We'll find out today.
I was told by somebody that knows her Jew stuff, okay?
By a lady that knows what the orthodox, what crazy Jew stuff is all about.
What if you have a bidet?
What?
Then you bring in a goi to push the button.
You bring in Irvay Villache to press the button.
Somebody's small, short, right down.
Like him.
You know, he digs.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
It's time for your job.
The show that gets to what's really deep down inside of you.
And now here's your host, Colin Cornwallens.
Good evening. I'm Colin Cornwallens, your host.
And welcome to Turd Talk.
The loaf lines are already lit up, so let's just get right down to the phones.
And let's see, who's on number two?
It's Steve. Steve, you're on the air.
Hi, Colin. I'm a first time caller.
All right. We got a little subject for you, Steve. Hang on.
So what's on your mind?
Well, I just wanted to let you know how much of the wife and I enjoy the show.
And hold on. Let me get to paper here.
Okay. I'm back.
So your wife loves the show. That's great.
Tell me, Steve, you're wiping right now, aren't you?
Yes, I am.
Okay. When you wipe?
Do you prefer a forward stroke or a backward stroke?
I think I prefer a forward stroke.
As a matter of fact, the wife was just saying, uh-oh.
What's the matter?
I think I just ripped the paper.
Oh, okay. How well did you get to wipe?
Well, I got it pretty good.
Okay. Do you feel any pressure under your fingernails?
Yes, I do.
Oh, boy.
Remain come. You're having what we call a push-through.
Did you get any penetration?
I think so.
Okay. Just do as I say, and everything's going to be okay.
Now, is there any clothing on the bathroom floor?
You want to look for something dark color?
Okay. Let me see.
Now, pull your finger out nice and slow so you don't get a flicking effect, okay?
Okay.
Is your finger out, Steve?
Yes.
Now, the first thing you want to ask yourself as you look at your finger
is has anybody in the house really made you mad today?
No, they haven't.
Okay, go ahead and wipe it off, Steve.
Oh, thank you, Colin. Keep up the good work.
Well, you are welcome.
And thanks for listening.
That's all the time we have for now.
And until the next turn, talk, I'm Colin Cornwallis.
This has been turn, Tom.
The shielding gets down to what you're really made of.
You've turned 1245 at 560 WQAM.
We got Kim Bokehamp or for Hank Kohnov at 2 from 2 to 6 at Shulah's this afternoon.
The Bokehster at 6, got Derek Denertown, good spot for him and had Kaplan 10.
Thanks, out there with that golf tournament today.
Okay, let's hear it and speak in a turd talk.
Let's hear about that toilet paper thing because you don't believe me, do you?
Did not make that up.
567-0560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
WQAM.
Yes, sir.
Good question for you.
Where all these third world countries get you American flags to bring?
Want to have a little supply store?
Of course.
It's ridiculous.
I mean, they go to the American supply chatsky's, the area places got one of those.
I got one of the questions for you.
It's like a Vatican, they sell chatsky's.
How do you think they make a living?
What do you think Steve Stanzel is such a good guy?
Do you know him?
Because I worked with him and George will agree with me.
He's a total ass and then they've got my team at the party.
Yeah, great.
What a moron.
We thought he was a good guy.
I don't know him that well.
Maybe he's an asshole.
I don't know.
Did you tell me he's a good guy?
Wasn't me.
What?
He passed them in the hall a couple times.
I don't think I ever had a little.
You always had a little.
You're a me.
You're a crap.
You said he's a good guy.
You're losing your mind.
You're making up stories.
You are chint all the time.
I know this.
I saw that young Crawford movie.
Okay.
Or was it Betty Davis?
No, seriously.
I never spoke to you about that.
Or maybe he was there watching him.
Barbara Stanwick.
What about her?
No, it was Ingrid Bergman.
Gaslight.
Yeah.
Which Charles Boyet.
Uh-huh.
That's what you're doing.
No.
Yes.
Like the Rick Riley thing.
You're confusing me.
Every time I ever asked you, I liked me.
Every time anybody ever mentioned Rick Riley, you said,
He's an asshole.
Right.
I never had a word with Steve Stansell.
You always said he's a great guy.
I never said that.
You said he got screwed over over there.
He did.
But that was just here in the store.
Everyone got to be a great guy.
Then how could he get screwed over?
If you're an asshole, then you deserve to get screwed over.
Okay, well maybe that's not a screw over.
Everyone at GTR got screwed over.
So maybe Steve, so I don't know him that well.
I'm just going based on your word.
No.
My.
All these years I've been there.
No.
And he even wiped off his hand.
He was coming out of the bathroom.
Of course he'd only been taking a leak just like I did.
I'm a little bit suspicious of guys that have to wash their hands
after they take a leak.
What are they washing off?
My.
Clean is the fallen snow.
I don't have to wash my hands after I take a leak.
Maybe they got some splash back.
Yeah, right.
And that would ricochet splashed back at you.
Something like that.
Huh?
Squared, squirt.
That's what he always said.
You hate Rick Rally.
Why don't you just do a bit of it?
I don't hate Rick Rally.
Okay, let's, you know, I'm going to add a little confirm it.
Okay, I know he can't come on to you with us.
He'll confirm it.
We've had our issues.
You hate him.
I don't.
You despise him.
He's my second favorite right-wing Christian lunatic.
Okay.
Yeah.
Who knows the stock market?
Who knows the stock market?
Now would you take any stock tips from him?
No.
Why not?
I mean, after all, what is he?
No.
About the market.
All right, that's hopeless.
So I take it back.
The last color I apologize.
Steve Stancell.
He's an answer.
I don't know.
I don't know him.
He was, he never even worked on the same station.
He was down the hall.
There were a lot of people down the hall.
That we'd see in passing.
I mean, at least they spoke, unlike this place,
where the power 96 people, I mean, bowl, she's nice.
You know.
So you're driving at Big Rig in the morning?
She's nice.
And anybody else?
Kid Curry, he's hot and cold, you know.
Wouldn't you agree?
That's a good description of him.
He's a good guy.
But he's, I didn't say he wasn't a good guy.
But he's hot and cold.
He's moody.
Maybe.
Wouldn't you be?
If you had to run all those.
If I've been married on a squicky,
bet your sweet ass.
Millicent's pick.
You bet.
If I had to work with a bunch of idiots down on you,
bet.
Bunch of banana-bowl people that don't speak English
in the elevator because they want to make fun of you.
Oh, yeah.
I know what it's all about down there.
Pound 96.
You're not fooling anybody.
You're a bunch of little putt whackers.
You're a bunch of little bush-leakers in what you are, okay?
There's like maybe two or three good people.
There were some good people over there, but they all got canned.
Like our good friend, what's his name?
What was his name?
And don't tell me you didn't like him.
The guy that got you in.
I'd like to open up a mic right now that somebody's on my phone.
Forget about your phone.
You don't have to work doing a radio show.
Tell them to get off your phone.
Get off the phone, you jerk.
Didn't like who?
John Astie.
John Astie.
You love John Astie.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
Oh, here he goes.
He's well, you thought he was a great guy.
I thought he was a great guy.
And now?
And I was shocked and dismayed.
You found out you were wrong.
I was wrong.
He was kind of an asshole.
He's an asshole.
Why do you think they call him John Astie?
I guess now we know.
Now what about Don Cox?
What's your name?
Can you call the other day?
Kim Bo-Kamper.
Oh, maybe Kim will talk about that call.
You think so?
W-Q-I-M.
What is it?
Hello.
Q-I-M, yes.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
This is why I thank you profusely.
I heard during the week when you were talking about the Heidez-Claude Thorzides,
which I was taking until then.
Yes.
I was taking 25 milligrams.
And I spoke to my doctor about it.
I said, I want to offer this now.
I was taking it in combination with vasotech.
Yeah, I wanted to give you a replacement.
I'm going in for blood test tomorrow, and he's going to re-evaluate it.
But I told him I think his chronic symptoms were, I felt very bloated.
Right.
Constantly.
And no ability to lose any kind of weight.
And there you go.
I still can't lose anyway.
So Monday, when I go back and see Dr. Mark again, I'm going to make damn sure he gives me a prescription
for something else because I can't get entirely off the HCT because my pressure still isn't that great.
And I want something else.
There's a million blood pressure drugs out there, and most of them don't have this side effect.
You cannot lose an ounce when you're taking this crap, when you're taking diuretics.
I went on the internet last night, and if you put in any of the vasotech or endoron and those,
it'll list out about 20 different ones with all the different causing effects on them.
Right.
But the one thing that's hydrochloro-
All right, here's Bob Lincoln with my panephetic acid.
I hope that-
That hydrochloro-thorazine is like poison.
Yeah.
You're right.
It's one of the worst.
Well, congratulations, sir, and you're welcome.
I save your life.
Thank you, Dr.
Is that it?
Panephetic complex.
What a guy.
Bob Lincoln.
From a link, whatever, travel that is.
He doesn't need my help.
He's making a fortune with the ZAPKIN stuff.
400 people.
400 people this year on the netkins cruise.
Anybody want the information?
Call Bob Lincoln.
Don't ask me.
And thanks, by the way, for our buddy Richard, but I don't want to say what airline till I go on and I'll let you know.
But he's the best.
No, I'm not on the air just sitting here with a microphone open. I'm practicing.
I'm practicing, Bob.
Are you on the air right now?
No, and I'm just talking-
I always sit around talking to myself.
Am I on the air right now?
What do I mean, Bob?
I would ask you if you were a bulls-o, but we went on those trips together so I know the answer already.
Viva Las Vegas.
You sure can't sing.
I'll tell you that.
Boy.
But you do have a good sense of humor.
Anybody that would have the balls to sing Viva Las Vegas after what you put us through.
But anyway.
Panephetic complex.
God bless you.
God bless America.
And by the way, I'm sure you know, he's moving into a building.
There was a kid at the hockey game last night.
He's moving into a Florida wherever he lives down here.
You know where he lives?
Oh, in Tamark?
Yeah.
Oh, we'll have to have him in the show one day.
Bob Ackens.
What are you looking at me like that for?
What I'm going to do is invite you to a lunch.
No, no.
What do you mean lunch and with him?
For what?
I'm trying to lose weight.
I don't want to lose, I have lunch.
Where?
When?
On what day?
I'm not going on a ship.
Okay, thanks Bob.
Get out of here.
But you know what's about the new book, right?
The book is great.
And I got bags and bags.
So in other words, I don't have to go out and buy a bunch of expensive vitamins because
all these things he tells me I should be taking.
And you know what he doesn't have the wallet is the Coke you tend.
And you want to know why because that's real expensive stuff.
I bought some.
That's great stuff.
Coins on cue.
I think you did.
Does he have it?
Well, we're waiting for it.
I'm going to hook you up with the diamond guy.
Great.
Excellent.
Order it in the order.
I'd rather have it free from you though.
Okay, there you go.
I got my panathene complex here.
Wow.
I'm starting to get a complex just talking about Lincoln as long as public.
Thanks Bob.
WQA.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's the first thing I think we should take care of family business.
Take care of one.
We should take Bill Pory, Ryan Murray, Kelly Murray, Robert Smith.
Yeah.
Kelly Cartner.
Yeah.
Robbie Neidermar.
Robbie Neidermar.
Kirk Muller.
You'll hang out in the lawn.
Yes.
Got the lawn.
Yes.
Line them up.
And their families.
Okay.
And give them all a slimy sandwich.
Oh boy.
Everything is just getting out of control here today.
Getting really out of control.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
WQA.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
In the short.
Neil.
Neil.
Want to speak to George?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Speak to me.
I got a sample story for you.
A few years back, the IOD people were playing the Zeta people and they picked up basketball games.
Yeah.
And they had this gym.
And about three quarters of the samples playing for whoever.
About three quarters of the game.
This woman comes in with this little girl with a big cast on her arm.
She's obviously broken around.
Yeah.
It turns out of a handful's daughter.
And earlier in the day, she had fallen and her new arm and stand still went to the pick up game and his wife took his brother to the hospital to get her put their arms into a cast.
Yeah.
Because this pickup game was so important.
So in other words, you're saying he's an asshole.
Is that what you're saying?
That's what I'm saying.
Okay, thanks.
See you wrong, George.
He is an asshole.
And don't deny that you were the one.
How would I know he's a good guy?
Where would I get that from?
Someone else.
Maybe that was never heard me say anything.
Somebody in I.O.D. told me that he was a really good guy and that he got screwed over there.
Maybe it wasn't you that told me that.
But who else did I ever talk to over there?
Besides you.
Well, how I am.
We were all very close over there.
Always on the ground.
Me and Rick.
Me and Rick, we were pretty tight.
I mean, I like him a lot better than you do.
And to all those barbecue.
And I'm not that crazy about him.
But I mean, he's all right.
Maybe it was Cheryl told me that.
Now, she wouldn't have told me that because they were the ones that screwed him over.
So she wouldn't have said that.
Now maybe it was.
Remember Cheryl, our good friend that we don't hear from anymore?
Who I don't think was it Sonny's funeral?
See, not that.
I mean, for me not being there, I just don't do a funeral.
I don't believe in that.
But why wouldn't she be there?
Was Bob at Sonny's funeral?
Bob Green?
Well, let's find these things out, okay?
Because if not, I think we ought to embarrass them.
1256 at 560 WQM.
So I take back what I said about Steve Stan.
So we'll have to continue doing a survey and find out.
I wish him well anyway, okay?
I'm not going to jump to judgment, did that.
He's an asshole because a couple of people call his station and are like, you know, want to knock?
Anybody can knock people, right?
I don't do that.
I'm Bob Lincoln.
I'll make an exception.
After those two trips to Vegas.
Oh, gee.
How did I survive?
How did I survive?
Well, we tried to pay with a credit card.
Oh boy.
He's laughing in there too.
When are we going again?
I'm going twice this year, by the way.
You're not in either a team, not with me.
For trading outside with me.
WQM.
I have four daughter days.
It's a lot of tips in a hour.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Gerilim
«Runs SFAR»
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes , sir.
Я не знаю, что ты мне сказал, что я тебе сказал.
Нет, я тебе сказал.
Привет.
Я хочу тебе сказать, что ты так не так не так, что ты думаешь, что я тебе тебе сказал.
А, сегодня ты у меня есть хороший день, у меня есть хороший день.
Я люблю это.
Я не знаю, я не знаю, что ты не делаешь.
Когда ты увидишь, что ты делаешь, каждый день будет хорошо.
Да, хорошо.
Да, ну, я буду.
Да, хорошо.
Да, хорошо.
Это хороший день, у меня есть хороший день.
Я не знаю, что ты делаешь.
Я не знаю, что ты делаешь.
Да, хорошо.
Да, хорошо.
Да, хорошо.
Да, хорошо.
Whoa, hardened,πό Kai, ну пол immer.
Да, нет, ты не рыно thôi Ав descrição!
Да, нет, я знаю, что delightал, что ты champion...
Объяет encantание.
Ну и я помню неook, как ты переверतỏi baht
Как brick, так?
Я просто не могу.
Ты хочешь, чтобы вы любите себя, что это не хорошо.
Я не могу, чтобы вы любите себя.
Рыкзор уже надеется.
Не может быть ничего.
Рыкзор и рамер.
Рыкзор.
Рыкзор.
Рыкзор.
Рыкзор.
Рыкзор.
Рыкзор.
Рыкзор.
Рыкзор.
Рыкзор,
chemistry
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Он старался утрентировать, он старался утрентировать.
Не забудьте мне, что мы не имеем в Урена, чтобы это было.
Не забудьте мне, что мы не имеем в Урена, чтобы это было.
Не забудьте мне, что мы не имеем в Урена, чтобы это было.
Не забудьте мне, что мы не имеем в Урена, чтобы это было.
Не забудьте мне, что мы не имеем в Урена, чтобы это было.
Не забудьте мне, что мы не имеем в Урена, чтобы это было.
Не забудьте мне, что мы не имеем в Урена, чтобы это было.
Не забудьте мне, что мы не имеем в Урена, чтобы это было.
Не забудьте мне, что мы не имеем в Урена, чтобы это было.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Это был самый хороший человек.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Как я делал, что у меня было.
Что он делал, что у меня было.
Что он делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Я делал, что у меня было.
Да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да
да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да
да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да
да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да
да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да
да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да
да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да
да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да
да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да, да да, да да, да да да, да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да
да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да
да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да
да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да да
А-ha! Well, he wasn't listening though, to understand he wasn't listening without thing, i was saying it eede! Exactly, thanky you sweetheart, how's it little Jennifer doing, by the way ? She's a noni, you're gonna be picking on her next, we love timeframe. Well, thank god you're at least consisted with one thing god damn it. You must have someone a problem with SeoS
something must happen between the time that you told me what a great guy he was, and now, because otherwise i know it was you.
eaten
буквы не верт пока
там
communism
я
в
нап соревнов Crown
centimet accompan flags
barking
из
openness
b
Самой бы wife
то
morale
unl tuvo
дам
trample
думала
делали
а
á
на
frank
JEFF
욕
потому что
exterminations bitters
да разрядат
наверное
раслёнки
индрес
את
р ktoś
одноврем стро surprises
цы
Na
но ст enforcement
areth
ederim
бед
но, пожалуйста, это мне☁91 seemu Kızили хорошо нет тебе
경ы-тахахания.
arily
Мало ли, мой муж и мой жаль, мой муж и мой муж.
Мало ли, мой муж и мой муж.
И ты, мальчика, мальчика, мальчика.
Но, sometimes, I'm just painting up to keep a man like me.
Oh, no, no, I'm not.
Oh, no, I've got to go out and have fun.
And someone else is expense.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And everybody's slow in the overpass way.
Well, people to see behind me are going insane.
And I'm not so ill-easy, I'm so ill-easy, I'm so ill-easy, I'm so ill-easy.
Come on up, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow.
I use public toilet and ice kiss on the street.
I walk around in the summer sun, say, and I will pass this piece.
Oh!
But it isn't what I am.
I want to have fun, so I'm not seizing my secrets in the summer.
So, sometimes, I ask, in the Hanley央, the Spaces!
I want to have fun, so I'm not tecz Brasilale.
like okay
laido
уг Sierra
от
mara
щасera
Explan�
ais
Owen
c checking
error
вп papuuckful задалもの вы
ты PLAY
вы
использов・
Нес deficiencies даже ㅋㅋㅋ
Насып expedition
Питень
use
Жережа
да только под
на
terug mentioning
Stella
в
ächst
osa
вы
Peru
не
и вон, и вон, и вон.
Но, ну, мы делаем это все, что у нас есть.
У нас есть джеврные люди, которые мы с джеврой на паспорт.
Они тоже не могут плачать твой лит.
Да.
Они не могут, что-то с джеврой на паспорт, они не могут приятить на паспорт.
Да, конечно не.
Они не могут приятить на паспорт, они могут приятить на паспорт, они могут приятить на паспорт.
Но, что-то, я был в обеде, чтобы выяснить, что они не могут плачать на паспорт,
они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не
не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они
не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они
не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они
не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они
не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они
не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут плачать на паспорт, они не могут п гречить
Ты говорил мне это 무슨AdClink для выт accomplishmentsech?
Мы прохождения одuly слагаем п
У меня просто па
Моя чё, но на правильном месте,
like John Ford,
you don't have your nose at both your tail
who succeeds in spite of how much he fell.
And David Walsh fails,
that he will butter his roll
and take his corpse bubbles up his nose.
Your channel blows.
With thou self-importance,
corporate radio ho!
Моя чё, но на правильном месте,
that's the thing!
G, that's the other one!
If you go quickly and built late,
I'll show you five some more.
Deal, then!
Get off my soul!
Church!
All right!
How you doing, Steve?
He's listening.
They're all listening right now.
In fact, probably Steve's stencil
is listening to me and squeezing himself from all the excitement.
He's got the...
all the years he's been on the air this market
and never got as much publicity as he has today,
just because George said he's a dick.
145 at 560 WQM,
we're doing a little screenless today.
We've had a great week so far.
It's Thursday already.
It's been a tremendous week.
All right, we're making a comeback.
Since these numbers came out,
everybody found out that this show is number one-half,
and now they figure they can actually admit they listen to it.
WQAM.
Hello!
Yes, sir.
Is he Steve?
Yes, it is.
You know how you're dealing today?
I wanted to say that...
I want to preface this question
and I'm a pretty big homeer when it comes to the hockey team.
Yeah.
I was listening to your show yesterday,
and I heard the guy call up about Lindsay and Laws
about Beat The Oaker,
and you pretty much landbashed them.
And I wanted to agree with you.
Yeah.
I didn't know if you had seen in the Sun Sentinel a few days ago.
It was either Michael Mayo or one of those other writers who had said
75 games, 11 goals, mediocre.
And he basically went about and listed them.
So, something, Lindsay didn't play last night, and the record continues.
Then the six years of its existence, this team has never won a game.
Never won a game.
Without Billy Lindsay and a lineup.
And he's got grit, and he's got guts,
and he goes out there, and he bangs people, and he's fast,
and he gives you 100% effort,
and he's not supposed to be there to be a big goal-score anyway.
That's not it.
Well, I totally agree with you,
and I'm a very big Bill Lindsay fan,
and I just wanted to give you my Brian Murray impression.
Okay.
Obviously, this team is lacking some talent with the recent injuries,
and we're gonna have to get some more scores.
From the organization.
From the organization.
From the youngsters in the organization, and have a nice day.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Go ahead.
A million of these are mine, they're a douchebag.
Okay, sure.
We'll see ya.
Get a submarine challenge for the Murray boys.
They're going on the bus.
They've had a rough week.
They're going up to Buffalo to play the shabers.
W-D-Q-I-M.
And you know what I was saying?
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, everybody.
Great.
I just wanted to tell you that once I'm at Colorado,
great institution that pineapple face put together there.
Yeah.
And pineapple push?
Yeah, pineapple push.
I'm a little confused.
With our money?
Yeah.
We're 200 million of the taxpayers' money, yeah.
Can you madly can't see that goal light when it comes on,
but that's all right.
Maybe next year.
All right, cool.
I can realize that's why everybody is going to come back next year
to see if he fixes the goal lights.
Let's go ahead.
Can you explain the difference between offside and icing?
No.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Oh, geez.
Not bad in all this time today though.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Do you think this BIPPOKEROBI should make Hall of Fame?
He was in my Hall of Fame.
I'll tell you that.
Like that BIPPOKEROBO.
Well, he sure looked good.
He was always injured though.
I think didn't head turner have a thing for him, by the way.
Maybe that's what James all pissed off about.
Yeah, he built him a house and a mansion and all kinds of stuff.
I think even put a bidet in his T-room.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm calling from Full HDL.
Speaking.
Yeah.
I want to say that the Pranels was the best series this decade.
What?
The Pranels was the best series this decade.
The Supras?
Yes, sir.
Oh, I haven't watched it yet.
It's tremendous.
It's a really good.
I still have the tape.
Great.
He's listed very good and the music is great and the main story.
Okay, bro.
Bokka Brian and sister, I should watch it.
Yeah, he's right.
Okay, I'll do it.
Thank you, sir.
You're welcome.
Okay.
Well, there you go.
I mean, I've got to know you want to see it, but you'll have to wait.
And of course, God will he knows when I'll get around to watch it.
That's what Brian Wilson said.
God will he knows when you get around to it.
What?
It's on tape.
I'll wait.
Yeah, you'll wait.
You damn right, you'll wait.
I got to wind up before I watch that.
I have to watch that the Shawshank Redemption.
Well, that's far too early.
Whatever that movie is.
What is it about?
It's a prison thing, right?
Yes.
And are you seeing it?
Yes.
And will I like it?
It's adequate.
It's all right.
But Jason brought it in special yesterday.
Well, is that what his own personal copy?
Yes.
Because he said bring it back.
Yes.
Now does Jason know anything about movies?
Haven't spoken much about movies with Jason.
What have you spoken about besides drugs?
Drugs and C.
Great.
P.
You.
Yeah.
W.
Q.A.M.
What do you mean that?
About our program, DeBerg, you've been talking about?
Pussy, galore.
You're not going to believe what you will believe this.
When I went out to take a dump, he was in the hallway.
Oh, it's true.
It's true.
You know, like he was, this was a revelation to him
that I was talking on the year.
Why else would I play Dennis Leary?
It's like my Carthor Park.
You know, back in the years when we were DJs,
everybody always put on the Carthor Park when it was time to
get a six and a half minutes long.
Oh, thank you so much, Richard Harris.
The song sucks, but it's six and a half minutes long.
And people actually believe we can, you know,
we're supposed to be playing this lionized by the Eagles.
Yeah, that was good.
I love the Eagles by the way.
I mean, they're not aerosmiths, but they're pretty good.
They're not, um, foreigner.
They're not ELO.
W.Q.A.M.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, ntonkulu.
Galore.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
We have some hair that wants to have a fingernail.
What is it?
Some of my hair needs to speak with Neil.
We're in Hollywood.
Okay.
Hello.
Hello.
Hollywood, yes.
Yes.
Speaking.
We're in the speaker's nail.
We're, uh...
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Okay, what am I doing?
151.
We have to...
I can't believe the way this show has gone by.
We had lunch already.
I took a good...
Or could you want, huh?
Got a chance to see some of our Jewish salespeople.
That's their visit for this month, by the way.
No more.
No more.
I was wearing a mask.
I was doing, by the way.
You seen him lately?
