Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami-Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Sir, talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for day and
hour or come 560 on your cell phone. The opinion of Neil is yes,
followers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
Beasley, we're back with you now. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM
As a little too stop, how do this a few pounds? Pants you tight, she's
supposed to know. Just had a big marina with me and rice. Sobs are on top with some extra
spice. Lots of extra spice. I'm staring at that throw with an egg and having shadow of
May holder.
SOUND
Because I'm all bound up from Jesus turned to glue.
Rainfall foul moon.
I'm out of paper here.
What?
Foul moon.
Rainfall foul moon.
Rainfall foul moon.
In the twilight hall we take so much cash.
I'm out of paper.
For foul moon.
I wanna remember, I wanna remember, I wanna remember.
I should have brought a candle.
Moon moon.
Moon moon.
Moon moon.
Moon moon.
Rainfall foul moon.
Rainfall foul moon.
Rainfall foul moon.
Rainfall foul moon.
Moon moon moon.
Rainfall foul moon.
Cattle three and five sixty WQs.
What do we start today?
Boy, we got so much dirt going on today.
God, I come in here with clear conscience.
No, I don't.
Not working here.
But anyway, I come in here with a clear mind,
and a pure heart.
And in less than half an hour, I feel like unclean.
I feel doity.
Because I work for these people, for these lying, cheating, scumbag, low life.
So anyway, about that OJ golf tournament, you know?
I don't wanna say that anybody knew about it,
who lied and said that he didn't know about it before,
took place that OJ was coming, but he knew about it.
I don't wanna say that our sales manager would never tell lie that they were all in.
By the way, look at that.
The facts machine just beat the agreement.
How do you like that?
It's beeping over here.
Facts are pouring in.
A lot of scandal here at QAM, by the way,
it's a damn good thing we don't have any real competition,
because otherwise we'd be in real deep crap.
I'll tell you that.
So maybe we'll get into that a little bit later on today.
You know what?
If I'm just in the right kind of mood, we just might have to get into that.
I certainly don't wanna talk about that.
Other incident you were talking about about that grab ass stuff going on downstairs on the second floor.
That would be bad.
Wouldn't that be bad?
Talk about that.
I've only been here two years, and we've had just this never ending series of
sexual harassment suits and all kinds of hanky panky that goes on in this building.
Do we ever have that over at IOD?
I'm not talking that we ever had grab ass.
Do we ever have sexual harassment suits?
I don't think so.
Maybe it's just more in, more fashionable these days.
But at any rate, there's all kinds of crap going on, including the first thing I see when I come in this morning on the door out there.
Can you appeal that off there and give me the thing so I can read it?
I can't read it from here, from there.
It's going, baby.
It's gone.
It's been removed.
It'd be gone.
As mysteriously as it appeared.
I think that would be great for the Brooklyn Museum.
The Brooklyn Art Museum.
What do you mean by the memo about the producers night at the Macarena?
How about that Palmville Burry, baby?
Every Whitney in the Mark Perry.
Oh, come on boys, we'll get to that later.
Nobody cares.
But anyway, it was a memo about the producers night at the Macarena November 10 about how the producers were.
Oh, thank God for Tommy, okay.
So who did it, Tommy?
Who did it?
Oh, this is a different one.
Now, but who's the one that did the artwork?
Do we know who did that?
Was it Robert or Donnie B. probably?
Or maybe B. Foe, that Chigger lover?
Anyway, so the memo says attention Wednesday November 10 is the first annual QM producers night at the Renta Center.
Will each move wave at Neil and watch the Panthers take on the muddy Atlanta trashers?
We got shut out by the Maple Leafs for nothing last night, by the way.
Oh!
Nice going, Mike Johnson.
Nice going to the Matrix, Christage.
Nice going, Glenn, don't call me Mary Healy, but anyway.
Wednesday November 10th, game time is 7.30 pm.
So what did the memo always taped up to the door?
And someone has done some beautiful artwork that Rudy Giuliani would have loved.
And they've drawn a couple of like stick caricatures on there, like stick people as in stick it to them or just...
Yeah, that too.
And the one caricature is of me, it says Neil, and I'm standing there with my...
...stickin' out.
And of course down there on his knees is Bluff Lindsay, administering head to yours truly.
Now, is there any chance that I would accept that from...
No!
...no.
There's about as much chance that I would let him touch me as I would let the guy in David Magazine,
that guy sent me an email that wants to meet me, as I would shake his hand away at the part of him.
The answer of course is no, but nevertheless.
So the fact that he just mentioned in here in a memo, Wave at Neil,
indicates that there's some kind of a suction going on here,
because we know that Duff does so much for this show.
Well, I'll give you an example.
Just recently he came in here and crossed out on our schedule here today, World Series Game Tonight.
Came in here, borrowed my pen, didn't even use his own pen, and crossed out World Series Game Number Five.
Of course, I guess I probably would have known not to read that since there is no World Series Game Number Five tonight.
Right?
Since, you know, you hear those choking gagging sounds from Atlanta,
and the thing is over forced rate like I told you.
But he did that for me, because he done really basically a much of anything else for us here,
and this...
I mean, yeah, he's very intensive with this show.
But that was...
Yeah, I thought so too.
So here's another one, another copy of the same facts that's our message, memo,
that says, Get off Neil's Nugget, three exclamation points,
please, three more exclamation points.
So the morning guys, I guess, are some part of the morning show.
Maybe it was B-fo who brought his very fine young son to the game last night, the nice young man.
But unfortunately, his son is getting the razz at school a little bit,
because I keep scrolling in the D-fo, B-fo, the Chigurin a Woodpile.
So just because he may be a Chigur lover, I better not call him the Chigurin a Woodpile anymore.
What can we call him now besides Fat?
Huh?
What could we...
Because I heard him this morning talking about wanting to be the next Dolphin mascot,
a Dolphin B-fo, which I think isn't bad.
Not everybody here likes B-fo. He's not a bad guy. He's a little paranoid and delusional,
but he's a good guy.
So while your kids are out there at B-fo son's school, stop picking on him,
okay, just because he is the Chigurin a Woodpile.
And because he's a little paranoid and delusional,
and because they have those very marginal numbers in the morning.
So yeah, I hate to break the news to some of the other professionally jealous people in this building.
I realize you're stuck with those boring sports shows,
and of course, now they're really trying to yuck it up with a lot of comedy
on a morning show I noticed, and using a lot of our material,
and dropping in some really bad sound effects in the background.
You know, try to juice it up a little bit. I shouldn't have said juice.
I understand. And I realize that you're settled with that boring,
terminal sports craft.
Oh, the Hercunz! There's center Hercunz! That! And a Dolphin!
Danny's such... You know, it's pretty ponderous. It's not really very entertaining.
I realize that you're stuck with it in the parameters of that,
because we got a massage Greg Redigo. That's what you should have getting the head.
Was Greg from a lot of the sports nerds in this building,
who continue pandering to this to his sports nerd mentality.
By the way, did I mention that Greg knew that OJ was coming?
Did I mention that? Oh, yes. Even though he tells us and says that he didn't know about it.
He knew. I have that unvery good authority from 74 different people in this building.
He knew. And the plane ticket, by the way,
to bring OJ in for that golf tournament was purchased way, way ahead of time.
It was taken care of way ahead of time.
So the plans for this... I don't want to say that Scorran was involved in this or Greg or anybody else.
And even though Sam had to be the fall guy for them,
I mean, somebody had to take the rap and of course we're pretty happy that it was him.
And because he had eight million other strikes against the many were that you'd have gotten the money here.
But you're not fooling anybody, Greg. You're not fooling anybody, Lou Ann.
You're not fooling us. And to go in the newspaper there and say some of it went to OJ related expenses.
And by the way, do we still have any information about any money,
about a dime from that golf tournament, that sure we don't have to go into the center one yet?
No.
Do we have any accounting on it yet? No.
We're waiting though.
We're very patient. We're waiting. The people at center one are waiting.
Ten past ten at 560 WDQAM.
No portion of this broadcast maybe.
No, no, no, no.
That being expressed written permission of WQAM, easily read acquisition course.
Kill the cold.
Yes.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Yes.
Don't we need Bill Bradley?
Yes.
We're going to be over six feet tall.
Let's hope that's good for.
All right.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Yeah, we need him badly.
He's going to win the race.
Yeah.
He plays for the nip.
He doesn't borrow stick.
Yeah, we love him cause he is an elder after all.
Yeah.
I'll go.
I'll go.
Yeah.
He's not out.
All right.
I'll say it one time more.
We love him a lot.
Mostly because he's not boring.
I'll work.
Well, don't you love him, Brad?
Don't you love him, Brad?
That's not completely right, by the way.
It's only a reason that anybody's even considering,
Bill Bradley, who's now several points ahead
and who hamps you, by the way, of Al Gore,
because Al Gore is a boring.
He's terminal.
He's wooden.
He's a dead man in a suit.
And his wife is pretty boring, too, by the way, the old tipper.
So anyway, we'll get back to that whole business about,
you know, it's kind of embarrassing.
I mean, sure, we take the money, but it is embarrassing.
I want to go on record as saying that to work for people
that you know lie like bandits, who, if they take it
the day of the week that you run to the counter, double check.
You look at your watch.
Have a calendar.
Watch it says on here Thursday the 28th.
And if he came in here right now and said to me,
it's Thursday, I would look at my watch and go up
and look at the counter in the other room,
just to try double and triple check.
You can't complain about Greg's credibility
because, folks, he doesn't have any.
I'm just going to go on record as saying that.
We'll continue taking the money, but it's really tragic
that you can't sit down like a munch
and talk to somebody, mono, mono.
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
No, mono, mono.
By the way, speaking of mono, we lost
the considerable part of our speak audience,
which I knew we would because of the fact that we had all
that stuff going on, you know, and I tell it like it is
and not going to pander to them or to anybody else.
So as opposed to being number one in Hispanic men,
25, 50 were like we were in the last book.
With an 8.5 share, we had only a 5.5 time for eighth
in Hispanic men.
As we're starting to get the breakdown in the summer book,
which by the way, we sure did great in Tom Jicke
as a column about the paper day.
Nice going Tom.
I met Tom's boss at the hockey game last night
for a nice gentleman came by and at the end of our conversation
said, well, by the way, I'm Tom's boss at the SunCentral.
I said, hey, tell Tom to go out and buy a radio.
But Tom must own a radio because his old column this morning
is basically what I said yesterday,
what they ought to be writing about.
And sure enough, here it is today.
Nice going Tom.
What do you like that?
Neil strikes again, baby.
All Neil's got to do is go on the air and stop it.
There it is in the paper the next day,
either in Michael Mayo's column and Dave Hyde's column.
Tom Jicke's column and you guys are all welcome
by the way that I'm here and I can give you
a lot of good material to write that you should be writing
on your own, but nevertheless, I'll at least Tom writes
it better than Dave Hyde and Mike Mayo.
Oh, by the way, thanks to Ed Whitman,
the product development representative for a wheel
of Tina Records in Miami who sends me my Luis Miguel
Care Package.
It's got a Luis Miguel like all these,
what do they call these things?
Pop up stand up, stand up, pop up and I got a blow up dial.
And all kinds of good stuff.
Hope you're doing well.
Yes, I am Ed.
We're kicking ass here, baby.
We're kicking big, serious, bloody ass right here
on a radio between 10 and two every goddamn day.
And some of the people in that morning
who evidently are very jealous of that.
And I got news for you,
it duck doesn't do any more for this show,
they does for your show, so cut the crap, okay?
My name is mentioned in the memo
in a very joking, almost sarcastic way
and right away some of the children on the morning shore
like drawing little figures, little pictures on there.
Some of those chigger lovers in the morning
I draw little pictures on there.
Well, if I had those dwindling numbers like you guys,
I'd be starting a little paranoid and delusional too.
You know what I'm saying?
You follow?
Yeah, I do.
Yeah, they're doing sit down comedy now those guys.
And guilty, boy, you talk about the 20 years
for over acting.
You know, it's one thing to try
but talk about trying too hard, you know?
Very jackass now and this one,
I mean, kind of might put some original stuff,
okay, do you use the stuff that Hank and I do all the time
about very jackass and this one and that one
and the Harold Sox and, you know,
come up with some original stuff.
Is that possible there?
No.
Come on, Geldie.
Just when I thought that he redeemed himself
and was really a pretty good guy, trying very hard.
And you know, trying your hard
isn't going to overcome those 45 minute commercial breaks.
Is that going to work?
No.
Now, see if you guys had some balls,
if Joe Rose had balls, he'd go right to Greg Reed
and beat the crap out of him.
It's going to pick it on our TRII program director
and then write little caricatures of our program director
given head to a yours truly there on the door.
What a grotesque thought that is.
Oh, gives me the willies.
Remember willy-be by the way?
But anyway, I'm loaded for bear today, man.
I'm just, I am just overflowing with good.
Because finally I'm getting rid of this crap.
I thought yesterday I was watching Al Sunshine.
On channel four news, which I just can't turn off,
but I admit it, I can't turn it.
Not because I like it, but because I cannot deal,
I will not watch channel six.
I will not watch Tony Cigaretteau, absolutely not.
I will not watch channel seven for reason
that I don't have to mention.
That goes without saying.
And channel 10, I mean, come on.
So channel four news has got me forever only by default.
By default.
So anyway, Al Sunshine is on there
and he's waving his ham-hawks like always.
And they're talking about a subred hot dog recall.
And remember a couple of weeks ago,
just before I got this flu or cold
or whatever the hell it is, this,
which is finally going away but very slowly.
That I had some weenies in my mouth back then,
a couple, I'm talking about subreds,
which about two, three times a year
in the supermarket I buy hot dogs.
And usually subreds cause they're damn good.
And they're having a recall.
He said that it's real dangerous for young people
and real old people.
You can get wisteria, which is some kind of food poisoning
and not salmonella, but wisteria,
who I think played second-based with salmonella third.
Now we talked about this morning, George and yours,
truly, and we don't know what wisteria really is.
But maybe somebody in the audience,
maybe we got like some kind of a doctor,
some kind of a food poisoning specialist in the audience
who can tell me what wisteria is and what are the symptoms.
Cause then maybe I could sue the subred hot dog people, huh?
But what's wrong with that?
There's nothing worse than,
I'm telling you, you can get a lot of bad things
from putting one of those bad weenies in your mouth.
I'll tell you that right now, all your kids out there.
Don't be putting any bad weenies in your purse.
Or anywhere else.
You can catch some real dangerous stuff from that.
Cause I have had the stomach and it's finally going away,
but God is it slow.
And the flam, and of course going into the macarena last night
and it was 40 below zero, even in a hallway,
that doesn't help too much, you know,
when you're trying to get over a cold.
I understand why it's cold on the inside,
cause there's ice in there, you know,
they're gonna play a hockey game.
But why in a hallway if they got to turned out
like 40 below zero?
I'm not complaining mind you.
I had a great night last night.
Nice call, boys.
Oh.
I'm going to tell you less than three minutes,
his first game back from the injury,
less than two minutes in 55 seconds,
and here's Pavel Burry sticking one in the net.
Nice call, baby.
Too bad we had the thousands of empty seats,
but you know, something I,
nothing I can do about that.
I try my best to put answers in those seats
to get people out there.
I don't know what's wrong with the people here.
So, so it's expensive.
So we can't afford to go all the time.
But you think that when the area of four million people,
we don't have enough people to come close to fill
in that place up.
So we were playing the crappy islanders
who draw three thousand people a little.
That's not the point.
We had everybody back last night,
even a big black guy named Peter,
who didn't score that goal by the way,
if he looked Cuba scored the goal,
just to correct the error that they made last night,
because they're so desperate to try to make a case.
See, I just, you know, it's not a racial thing.
It's just he's not my kind of player.
Peter, where are you?
I'm just not into goon stuff.
I said goon, that's where the G.
I'm not a goon lover.
Now, Pavel Law is, there's a real man.
There's a guy kicked a crap out of that Steve Webb
from the islanders last night.
Just kicked a living stout out of him.
That was a real fight.
That was a fight.
Not the big black guy named Peter,
who got his clock cleaned by the way last night.
I got kicked on his ass.
And then, you know, and we noticed in the game last night,
he can't take a hit.
He can just shoot out.
He's mugging the other guy.
He's doing OJs.
He's got his hands around guys next out there,
mugging them on the guys.
But if he takes it, all of a sudden,
he starts getting real pissed off.
You're gonna dish it out, Peter.
You gotta take it, okay, sweetheart?
And speaking of sweet hearts, Ray Whitney
and other phenomenal, what a pass to Mark Parrish.
Nice going, right?
What have you got that goal?
Oh, man.
That was a nightmare.
It had to be there last night.
But again, you know, I'm gonna tell it exactly
like it is.
There is a major problem in the Macarena
and maybe my good friends over there
can do something about it, probably not.
Because every time I mention this, I'm told,
oh, Wayne's got nothing to do with that.
Who has something to do with the concessions over there?
Is that the city of sunrise, maybe?
Who is responsible for the crappy food in that place?
Come to fight out.
You know, last year, at least they had some choices.
They had some Chinese food.
Maybe they can get Titanian there, huh?
As long as Peter will rail, don't go near any of the food.
Oh, we don't have no sports as come out of the games.
We can get Titanian there, not nice white people,
a lot of Jews, fags.
Oh, and we, somebody asked me at the game last night,
what if you have a black queen?
How does that person tip?
That's a very good question.
Because yesterday on the show,
we talked about bad tippers, the fact that blacks
are the worst tippers and that fags are the best tippers.
What about if it's a black fag and what about to purgore?
Now, seriously, what about if it's a black queen
like a little Richard, for example, or RuPaul?
Oh, I ruled the day that he walks into Titanis.
Excellent question.
But anyway, the food, the selection of Chinese food
is gone, the Italian stuff like the apostate
with sausage, which was very good.
That's all gone.
You got hot dogs, hamburgers, fries, onion rings.
Basically, that's it.
Boston concession ears.
Well, do you guys suck?
You guys suck, okay?
Go back to Boston, okay?
And believe me, they wouldn't take in Boston
because they got the Quincy Market Manual Hall.
They got good food up there in Boston.
Believe me, I've had it and the food too.
Boston concession ears.
You guys, it's a big one.
If you can't do better than a swelk
and like even the ice cream, which I don't eat,
but nevertheless, John's telling me it's like vanilla
and chocolate.
Wow, how exciting.
At least last year, the first year,
you had some choices in there.
You had some good crap.
It's always overpriced.
And so this year, they cut the selection way, way down
and they jacked the prices way, way up.
And you wonder why we're getting 14,000 people
in there every night and there are thousands of empty seats,
even in spite of the great Pavel Burry
and the lovely Ray Whitney plan
and Mark Perish plan has got stuff, even in spite of that.
And by the way, Robbie, you're still suck.
Boy, that was a good night last night, you know?
The great night.
And yeah, we left it with six minutes left
and we missed anything.
No, no.
Couple of people looked like, aren't you?
He's leaving.
Yeah, I'm leaving.
I'm leaving.
Okay.
Had to make a pit stop at Publix, which by the way,
I'm very sorry to see that my cash only
expressed line at Publix lasted one day, I think.
And that was the end of that.
Probably some of you assholes out there
with your debit cards and with your checks and all that crap.
Oh gee, we can't do that.
Okay, fine.
What did you say?
I still say, every supermarket should be forced to have
an express lane cash only for those of us who pay real cash.
Don't have coupons.
Don't want to write checks.
Don't want to pock you around with credit cards to buy seven.
I mean, if there's an express line, 10 items or less,
how much is it going to be anyway?
Right?
How much could it be anyway?
Get some cash, okay?
If you can't afford to pay with your groceries with cash,
then just starve.
That's my suggestion for you.
Okay?
I don't want to sound insensitive.
Star of your ass.
If you can't afford to pay with cash for your damn groceries.
QAM drops the green flag with Motorsport Saturday.
Saturday morning said six with Chocostello.
Right here on Sports Radio 560.
QA.
I just want Peter Allister know that all of those American collars
on the Ryder Company, we are Chinese too.
There you go.
Hero, we love you.
Yeah, you're making us talk.
Hero, we love you.
Let me call those guys warm.
Hero, we love you.
Now you're running in first.
Hero, we love you.
God, you can't be no worse.
Will you say you're six of the good old boys?
You want to move to G&G and make some noise.
But we still don't know what you're all about.
But fast, okay, sounds are still gonna drown.
Hero, we love it when you're fixing the plane.
We hope you Peter met their own sleazy game.
Hero, we love you.
No, you don't need a plan.
Don't go and blow it now by fixing the band.
Just say you got a better way.
Now as a married and no one's gay,
keep on spending your own dough.
And we'll also all run around.
No, we love you.
Hero, we need you.
Hero, we're great readers.
And you're just having the greatest line in history of broadcasting.
And Karthas said, then what time is your show on?
I was saying, if you just get a few more spots there in drive times,
so you know, we can get them down to fan-like numbers,
their fractions.
And he said, what would you rather listen to spots or those guys?
How do you like that, B-fo?
What would you rather listen to spots or those guys?
I think that may have been a shot at the morning guys.
You think it might have been a little bit of a little shot there, huh?
That coming from the head cheese, from the big boss, from the main man,
to the sports mogul.
The brain trust.
So anyway, Tom Jicker writes, let me take a call or two,
because we have a lady in Bokin.
She's not going to hang on.
Hello.
Hello, good morning.
Yes, man.
How are you?
You are God.
Yes, I am.
I'm smoking today.
I finally get my voice back.
Talk about the brain trust.
Can you imagine what a good show I could do if I weren't sick half the time?
But anyway.
You're always great, whether you're sick or not.
Yeah, I'm better than sick.
I'm sick, I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
Hi, he's proverb.
Let's say the better.
Absolutely.
Don't interrupt a vote.
The other thing I want to talk about, and I know you haven't been talking about lately,
though, is my children's school.
You know, I'm a very involved parent.
I volunteer at my kids' school more than one day a week.
Yeah.
He goes to elementary school.
He's in the first grade.
Uh-huh.
Lately, they've had a person who's been a truater going into the school, hiding out in
the bathrooms and flashing the kids.
Nice.
And I've just been trying to talk to all the parents in the area and trying to get them to band together
So that we can go out and try to find this person
I mean maybe make patrols and go into the bathrooms and find this person before he hurts the child
But it's just the sorry state of our school today
I really don't know what can be done about it other than if we all band together and try to get something done
But they're not you know that I know
Well, I care you know and I and I at least I'm one person. I mean here's a headline in the hero
Yesterday that I say Broward gets big share of cash for the schools then come to find out that it's just a scan that they've taken
A hundred million in dividing it up among all 67 counties and Broward's getting enough money to build one new school or
Nearly 50 new classrooms which is it like you know like ping in the ocean is all I that's gonna be you know
Some of the school down here on Westbrook is some of the middle schools have 50 students in every class
And you you know what that is that's bureaucratic bull shot right out at
But I just wanted to call and just let you know and maybe some of the parents around here are listening and then we can we can maybe do something
Maybe patrol the school. What school is it?
Addison my is neurojc mental and book elementary. Yeah, all three of them have been hit at least three or four times
since summer and it's just it's the same person
They put a composite out on it and every parent has gotten one and it's just something that needs to be addressed and
Taking care of one of the many problems right. Okay. Well fries ass. It's what I'm
Absolutely. Hey, I'm with you. Neil. Good luck sweetheart. Take care. Bye. Bye. Well, there's a lady who cares about her kids
How do you like that? Let's hear it? Oh?
So anyway, Tom. Oh, here's a mobile in the cruel springs. Hello. Oh, no, how you doing? Okay, sir
I'm glad to hear you're happy this morning. If that big campus went last night great game sir
It was a great a very entertaining a good time was had by all I even with a like I lived from that even over the world
Series because I hate the idea out of world series was I mean I watch like two minutes of that. What's the point?
The reason I'm calling is that you said about that cash thing in the public
I think that they should have each grocery store, especially the big ones should have a cash only 10 items are less and
Not only that but as soon as the register scans the first item after the 10th item equipped
No more items after 10 and everything gets on the put on me to shelf now except for me
I'll do 11 or 12 won't you walk because I'm a big shot. You know, they like me. I mean no seriously
Do you think that if you had 11 items that you deserve to get sent back? No?
No, I'm not really like a little kid in grade school or something. Oh, you got 11 items you have to go back
You have to go to another one now come on. What about one is 20 items?
That does piss me off that frost my ass big time and I do see that I see that
And I've had another scan they like to do is two people will go in together and they'll get like 20 items and then they'll like Divi
You know, they'll stand together and they'll Divi him up. Yeah, no one person pays for both or
Whatever, but I mean the pretend it's two different orders, you know, right? I understand all right
Yeah, I have a good day nice talk. Thank you a lot pal
I think we ought to have the more than 10 item police in the supermarket
I do
We need
Lot more goddamn police. We got the J walk in police that you're going to goddamn fan
Which by the way, you won't have to worry about going too fast in Hollywood pretty soon
You see oh, oh Jesus. Oh, no
Oh
That's so much crap cut out here
crap exactly. Thank you
Hollywood leader wants to speed limit the Hollywood Lord to 25 miles an hour. Oh, right
Yeah, we're not talking about a school zone
We're just talking about basically all of the streets, you know, and of course in Hollywood the average age is 100 anyway
So what a lot slower down to 25 miles an hour by the way you asshole that was behind me this morning on
goddamn ives very road coming to that school zone go back to Maryland you jackass
I'm not one of those people that gets bent out of shape with people out of state license plates because generally speaking
In fact, I think most of nice people are probably from out of state unless the French Canadians are New Yorkers, but nevertheless
Here's this asshole. I'm not really sure what it was it looked like mixed Lewis on a bad day
Would anyone was strapless? Oh would hair I think a woman. I'm not really sure even without gelopy and I make my left turn
Procuriously there because there's a scared crapless woman in a jeep Cherokee
She a terrified to make the turn I get out there which there's got to be a light there by the way boys and girls
There must be a light by the stadium there at ives very road. There's got to be a light
Somebody's going to get killed there someday listen to me. There must be a stoplight there. You may need it, but there's not
So I make my turn and here comes behind me
This thing in this car with a Maryland plate and a beat up to Luffy and is just on my edge
Correct. I mean barreling now when you go on the overpass there
It's 35 miles an hour and very often they have the radar gun and rightfully so because you're coming right up to a school zone
Just a few yards ahead
The yellow lights are flashing. It says school zone 50 miles an hour on the sign on the street on your ass
All over the place and this little ticket is barely and I finally just I put my arms up in here
Waited to make sure he goes she whatever it was could see it. What do you what the hell are you doing you ask? I'm screaming
Barely on my ass. I hate that. I hate you people that do that
It's a school zone and even if you don't care about the little kids it's the law you'll get a big fat goddamn ticket, okay
It's a school zone you understand you get it. No
15 miles an hour not 50 miles an hour 15 miles an hour
And it's only like for a block and a half what's the big chimus? Why are you gonna get
How much time in your busy busy important life are you gonna miss by going 60 miles an hour for that block and a half
I guarantee you when you get another 20 blocks up the street there they'll still have plenty of crack left for you
What are you worried about?
Yeah, they got all the good stuff in our hood over here
Now you're worried about they're not gonna run out. They got a constant shipment coming into NIA
To our favorite airline. What are you worried about?
God just slow to hell down
No happy medium here. They either go on a billion miles an hour
Barely on your ass or they're like creeping and calling like they want to do in Hollywood
Like we're all a bunch of old parts. There's no there's no such thing as a traffic flow
Here it's traffic blow not traffic flow
You just let me go out there for a couple of days. I'll decide. I'll take away the driver's licenses of all the assholes out
There shouldn't be on the road and all of a sudden life will become a hundred percent better
That's right and you'll also at the same time. Let me decide who we're deporting
20 before 11 at all you
Fony Julios out there boy there getting even now because I said those nasty things they were all true though. They were all true too bad
Up tight spicks get the Hoover out the moon, man
Georgie bushes that his noses clean and never puts up in it
Because he's running for the wide house so he just can't admit us
Don't drunk in that nut all even down the fused people
And calling can he drunk with you he even dropped the message to
Why will Georgie just come out and simply say he did it
He preferred the track which shut their mouth
But it's not he or got them disses
He did more than what you think
Well he watched it down the city
He prefer cocaine to high
That's the question that he does
And he make his point much clearer like a razor on a mirror
But he wants us to be
That he didn't do anything
Georgie bushes that his noses clean and never puts up in it
Because he's running for the wide house
So he just can't admit us
Georgie's pretty good
Oh you're gonna gag me
Just like the bottle of tape come out from out of the bed
No video Ricky Martin check your bomb on
There you go
Thank you
Get him out of our face
Get him out of our lives
Go away Ricky okay
Go away
Man
Go see your buddy Ben Dover okay
Get out of here
It's a 1045 at 560 WQM
So Tom Jicker writes
Oh well before I get in Tom Jicker
I'll say that
Notice how I started without a 10 o'clock and it's almost 11 o'clock
I'm still I can milk it baby
I can milk it
I've been good on the farm you know what
Especially with those young farm hands but anyway
Getting back to these numbers to the ethnic aspect of this is the
For high zoom of the stuff we talked about yesterday with tight tonis
We got lots and lots of sparsers listening to this show
I'll tell you that we love our dark and plucky friends
Don't wait on the show you bet I've always said that
Thank God
Maybe that's why they're listening
That's true
I love those darkies I mean those
Whatever they are
Spooks
Men 2554 Black
Now we can't compete with like hot 105
You know I wonder how Bob Green now feels big in the king of the sparsers
Huh wonder how he feels he's got three radio stations over there that they own now
A cocks in this market and two of the marsh sparsers stations EDR and hot 105
Hot's got a 25.4 share EDR's got a 20.5
Let me take out 45% of the men 2554 almost half are listening those two stations Bob Green kings of the king of the
Both
Love 94 is third that's a jazz man. It says he George is to be why would black guys do isn't it love 94 it's jazz
And number four midday 10 a.m. The 2 p.m. WQ a.m. It's
You got with a 6.9 with a 69 with the darkies how do you like that?
A 6.9 thank you so much my dark complex friends who at least have a sense of humor
Unlike our Julio friends who were dropping like a rock
Well, you know the most interesting number of all here to me
In this summer book since we're so numbers oriented in this business
I'm about to live and die by this crap, you know how come that line nine hasn't right yet this morning
I might actually take that they don't know the number yet too bad
Well and Greg says oh yeah, we're gonna get that straight now right away. You'll be for the whole country
We'll get that straight out
There's all a G in what's uh, yeah, we believe you Greg
What did he say at once?
So many men 25 to 54 other other
Sure
George has to mean this morning. What does that mean other? I says not not white
Yeah, white
Anyone
White you mean like non-cuban non black non the Puerto Rican non yeah, I wish
No Jews are in here, okay?
Jews
White people Jews but anyway, so I like red next Jews while the same men 25 54 other meaning non-Hispanic and non-black
crackers
WQAM 10a into 2pm number one with a
17.2 share
Too good wow
I'm squeezing myself right now. I'm so excited about that
That means that more than one out of every six
Non-ethnic men in Dayton, Broward is listening right now as I speak
One out of every six non-ethnic men
And quite frankly you look at the other five who wants them anyway, you know
No seriously who wants those other five ugly guys anyway
So one out of six now if I can just prove picking choose which one out of the six
Then I'll have the men that I'm looking for
Thank you on you white guys nice going
For coming through for the old man
But Hispanics we took a big dip there with a five point
And down to number eight from number one to number eight. Maybe they just all left for the summer
No, they didn't leave for the summer they just pissed off and fired up
Even though they claimed that they disassociated with all that grotesque stuff that was coming on
That I had the audacity to tell the truth about all those blocking of the streets
And all that other crap and a goddamn los bon bon all that stuff they get very upset about that
I think they were just all under a carol
No, they were not like I'm picking on them see there you go again
Professional little Cuban defending the unindefensible
I wasn't talking about the Cuban yet. Well, I was
Puerto Ricans they're listening both of them
Like the one guy that came by the hockey game the event and said that you're an asshole
He's listening right now. He's a good guy by the way. What color was he?
Kind of like Mov
but anyway
What color is Mov by when they like gray? Yeah, he was kind of like gray. He wasn't old guy
You know can't help it when we get over he started getting a little get gray
So all we got to work here is there are Hispanics and well and by the way
We actually have some women, but I'll tell you these people that say oh you got a lot more when you think according to arbitra and these are the numbers
Average quarter hour men
Where the hell is that we got so much I love when we get my good friend Maddie Bell
Maybe you can do your imitation of Maddie Bell
That was wonderful. I was great. You put on an act this morning that was sensational
Of course, you can't use those words. I don't think well, but anyway
We
Yeah, definitely lead me under the railroad tracks. I knew it was going to lunch because the whole system wrote down
But
These ladies Gideon real road tracks
I think I like about this places everybody really loves each
No, yeah, the camaraderie. You know the real team spirit that we have here just like my good friend beef
I like beef. Always good guy
I'm just having a little fun with him and he brings this kid to me last night between periods of the hockey game
And a little trifoli a gilt trip on me even though even though he tried to make the appearance that they came over to talk about hockey
You're not fooling me before I know the way you operate
His kids taking crap because I call D for the Chigurman the Woodpecker.
It's a joke. It's just, you know, what else should I call him?
A degenerate gambling drunk. I mean, you know, he's a good guy.
We like him. He just, you know, have a rough life.
We like D for. But he's sensitive. He's uptight.
Anyway, we have 28,800.
Person 25 to 54 between 10 and 2 every day.
Average quarter hour, quite arbitraried in the summer book.
24,000 are men 25 54. That means we have 4800 women.
Are you following those numbers again? Let me say it again.
24,000 men, 4800 women between 25 and 54.
Listen to this program any quarter hour every day.
Yeah. So we have tons and tons and tons of men and a dribbling of women.
We have some women dribbling out there.
Which I'm sure that that prospect gets you all emotional.
Mega radio move. Tom jicker, right?
I could have written this myself from what I said in the year yesterday.
So don't tell us you don't listen, Tom.
And I take it back. You don't have to go buy a radio because you must have borrowed somebody else's.
Mega radio move, 103.5 rating shift.
Isn't that what I said was the big story in the ratings?
Uh-huh.
Is that this go crap? Oh, this will get our Hispanics back.
Here we go.
And by the way, it was still a Cuba that scored a goal as well as the game of the Schwarzenegger.
Nice go on, Mr. Cuba Cuba Cuba Cuba Libre.
Nice going, Phillip.
Schwarzenegger team close to touch that, okay? Boys and girls.
All right. Here we go.
This is for you.
Can you say something about Schwarzenegger?
Put them salsa on the sparkles, what do you say?
All right. We'll play that whole thing twenty-thirty times. Get all those tricks back.
Anyway, Tom jicker writes,
the lazy days of summer didn't bring much change at the top of Miami Fort Lauderdale radio rankings,
but there was a mega move in the middle of the pack.
Nice going, air Tom. A mega move.
Kind of a little play on words here from Little Tom Jicca.
What a kindling West he is.
The all new mega one oh three point five, a dial position that burned out with hard rock as WSHE,
and ever gained traction as soft and they'll contemporary the planet a little bit too soft, I think.
Is the hottest new musical format to hit South Florida since disco?
Oh, yeah.
Woo!
Indeed, the beat of Miami with WMGE, Smegma also uses the calling card,
parts back in the days of disco and its playlist,
which is salted with artists especially popular on his panic and you know,
Gloria Estefan, KC in the Sunshine Band.
I mean Gloria Estefan, I understand this, it's like her because she's one of their own,
she couldn't sing for crap, but KC in the Sunshine Band, what does that have to do with his panics?
They like dance baby.
Is KC his panic?
He was big down here in the day.
A bigger part?
KC.
He was what?
Very big down there.
He was at my house with a bunch of ugly queens, but nevertheless,
so he was at my house when we did that show from the house on Zeta that time.
We had a big party, Harry KC was there, how you doing KC?
Maybe he's still getting the royalties, he's still getting those residuals.
I heard his bird died though.
As the planet is stationed languished in 20 seconds, come on, let's get a little,
one moment please.
Come on.
Old time's sake.
There we go.
I said we got all of the young guys in here for KC in my house, and that's where I like it.
I was basically looking young queens, what do they do in my house KC?
Certainly ones that are really bad at this.
Any time.
Uh huh.
Okay.
As the planet is staying, oh man, I'm on fire today.
You know, all I got to do is get a little voice back and I can do a show.
No, seriously, I told you a week ago, and then I kind of got away from that,
because I've had this little ranger with a fool for a couple of weeks.
I mean, if I can't be more entertaining than, oh gee, what are your thoughts on that lack of honor to pew game this week,
hammer?
If I can't be more entertaining than that, then I might as well hang it up, you know?
As the planet, I'll get to this eventually.
The station languished in 22nd place, and by the way, I have my Luis Miguel Schmott there around my neck.
What would you call this besides lovely a towel?
It's like a Luis Miguel towel, a sweat towel.
So when you go to the concert, you can dab your brow.
Oh, you look like Rocky.
After the switch to mega in July, it's soared to a tie for 11th among listeners 12 plus,
which the radio industry recognizes the overall audience.
Mega's debut performance, Albert Tron's summer book is even more impressive among listeners 25 to 54,
which is known in the business as the money demographic,
because it is one of the most often bought by advertisers 25 to 54.
That's what we want.
That's what we crave.
I kind of like crave 18 to 25, but that's another story.
Mega almost tripled the cheer of this audience and skyrocketed from the 18th in the spring to a tie for 4th in a summer book.
Let's hear it for disco, baby.
We're going to big comeback.
A big juicy squeeze and bloody comeback.
To be continued, by the way.
Oh, yeah, it's a long article and Tom scored, scored.
He's all over my leg in there.
It's by the fact that I said the other day on this show that he's five.
I know that 10, 56.
Any of those are like, and these are good guys just the way behind the times.
He's got a punch.
10, 56 at 5, 60, WQM.
WQA.
OK.
I am.
Who's on your tail?
Hey, man.
Who the hell are you?
I'm Kurt Tobain.
I was in the group Nirvana, man.
I don't like them, compared to you to me.
Shit, you're hard to love the albums.
I had money hit records.
I was a more top on top of the world until I married the goose and got shot in the head.
Hi, I'm Mama Cass.
Avoid the ham sandwich.
I'm Karen Coatenter.
Can I have it?
I'm Mr. Kenny.
I can't have it.
Ah, shut the f*** up.
How you doing, Kurt?
I'm Buddy Hollett.
Have you seen my glasses?
Hey, look at all these other place cards at my table.
Keep Richard, Sinatra, and all of the black crows.
Yeah, they'll be here in town for dinner.
You long hair and hockey.
You see me, Mama?
Ah, what's that?
Oh, man.
That's just the armor that drummer feller from Death Leotard or something.
It's 11.02 at 5.60 W.C.M.
We got Hank at Flagler today.
Oh, Hank's out at Flagler?
Uh-huh.
Oh, boy.
Then we got Hank with B-05 to 6.
And then 6.00 clock.
We got Hurricane Hotline.
8 till 10.00.
It's the Booster Red cap on after that because Bluff has crossed out that World Series game number five.
So I guess there must not be no World Series game.
Thank you, Bluff.
Like I wouldn't have known that, right?
But you do come in here and borrow my pen to cross out World Series game number five tonight.
Nice going there, Duff.
He's doing something, by the way.
Guys, he's doing something.
Stop Florida radio time goes on to say remains an FM World in the.
This is after all he's going on about mega, which like I told you that was the big story.
In the 12 plus breakout 14 to the 15 highest rank stations are on the FM band.
The exception being Spanish language talker W.A.Q.I.
AM 710 radio Mambe.
Hip hop WEDR FM 99.1.
Hell this position is the market's most popular station.
Easy listening W.A.Q.I.F.
Life is next followed by Latin pop radio Amor and youth dance music power 96.
Which time for turn?
Hot 105 who sounds are from edge of the EDRs fills out the top five.
So what do they do?
Just punch back and forth.
Is that why they both have like more than 20 share the dark folks between EDR and hot 105 and all the young guys that want to be black.
The white guys that want to listen to rap.
The old ones listen to hot.
The younger ones listen to EDR.
The older shards listen to hot 105 and the younger ones listen to EDR.
Hot 105 is like coast for black people.
And at what point do white guys stop listening to EDR and listen to rap and opening up their windows and trying to repress everybody with a hip and cool AR even though they're white.
At what point 40?
The rest of the top 10 consists of contemporary hits W.A.Q.I.
What is it?
H.Y.I.Y 100.
Wacky.
J.A.Z. Love 94.
Compton music kiss.
When I go on air Bob McKay.
Oh!
McKay wants the world of no kiss.
Had a good book.
Okay.
Which means that we got a lot more of those pickers down here than ever before.
Compton music kiss.
And classical WTMI.
I guess Scott's fourth left through soon.
The highest rated English language station is on AM sports intensive WQAM AM 560 and 16th place.
Oh!
Or number 16, god damn it.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Greg looked at this.
Greg hadn't seen this.
See he don't, I guess nobody could be the paper to him this morning.
So we hadn't even seen this.
So this is a great promotional thing for us.
I said yeah.
And then he kind of like son of a doubt.
It says while mega took off and here comes some of the good part.
This is what we got him erect.
While mega took off W.A.F.N. AM 1700.
Which wants the challenge to WQAM in the sports field in August.
Fail to register in the Arbor Tron book.
Which measures as far down as one tenth of a share of a point.
0.01.
It measures as far as a tenth of a percent of a point.
Maybe they should go to hundreds.
So let me ask you.
What's the point?
And maybe that's why our sales people are all walking out.
And maybe that's why we're here in these rumors that they can't pay anybody over there.
And maybe that's why nobody with a brain would advertise on that station.
Because they have no audience.
Boys and girls.
They have no audience.
Zero zip.
But he do die.
There we go again.
No audience.
No measurable audience.
And they will have no measurable audience.
Under any circumstances.
Okay.
They suck.
They blow.
It says this is not surprising.
Goes Tom Jicke on to say the all sports form.
Attracts a loyal but a limited niche audience.
Niche.
Even W.F.A.N. in New York.
The model for all sports.
And the top billing station in terms of ad rates in America.
I'm sorry to say finishes in the middle of the pack in the overall audience numbers.
However successful sports stations are cash cows.
Because their audience is dominated by young males.
The most difficult group to reach on a regular basis.
So yeah, I have to break the news to you.
Where most of them are cash cows.
The only problem is this is more like a cash pig because we got all the money being sucked out of here.
By John Henry and Wayne Hypinga.
So we could be a cash cow except for those very very high broad cast right fees.
There we go.
Only 50 million dollars.
That's the problem.
Otherwise we'd be we'd be drowning in a sea of cat well we really wouldn't because the bees would not turn it loose anyway.
But we could be drowning in a sea of cash.
If it weren't primarily for the marlins for the god damn marlins.
How do you like that?
The marlins are what's killing this place and that's just because we got something that's building who wants to be the sports mogul.
What the hell is that?
Get out of here with that.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Well, it was the next one.
It's right next to it.
Anyway, so this is not to pour however sports stations are this and that well almost all the major sports franchises and South Florida locked up.
WQM has got a strangle hold on the format.
Greg saw that and he like pop right there on the side of the planet and get out of here with that.
It is serendipity.
Remember the serendipity singers?
Uh huh.
What was the name of that song they had?
Don't let the rain.
What was it?
Fall on your on your back home.
What was it?
I forget.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The serendipity singer.
I don't know.
Let the rain.
Something.
By the way, anybody calling about with stereo?
No.
No.
Well, why not?
Don't we have any medical people out there?
No, anything about food poisoning and bacteria and things like that?
Maybe my close personal friend, Al Sunshine.
We'll call in and give us the load on them out, but I doubt it.
Asshole.
Anyway, it says it is serendipity that WQM also has the market's dominant personality, Neil Rogers.
Without and I hope that the morning crew, the people that are drawing little pictures on Duff's memo there.
I hope they're listening right now, but I'm sure they're not because they're probably listening to some stupid sports press conference right now.
Without Rogers' overwhelming audience shares, which are triple and quadruple, what the station does the rest of the day in its target demographics, WQM would slide a few notches further down the list.
Rogers is second in this time period among all listeners, but is number one among men 2554.
Thanks in large part to him, WQM ties for third with WEDR for the entire day in this demographic breakout, men 2554.
The top slot also is essentially a one-man show thanks to Howard Stern in the morning WBGG, Big FM, which is number 17 overall, is number one with adult males.
So basically what he's saying is here are two Phantom radio stations WBGG FM, which arrives on Howard's ass for all of its numbers, and WQM, which runs on my fat, fatty ass for its numbers.
And without us, we'd be way, way down in the middle of that cesspool of stations that are like also rants, after thoughts, after birth.
Nice going Tom. Quite a fawning article there for my close personal friend Tom Jicca.
But he's my buddy. Never stole a freight train. And isn't it amazing that all of a sudden he writes an article about radio after I've been chance-tashing that city was boss of the hockey game last night.
By Tom radio, come on please. Of course this article I'm sure had been written and had no sure had.
Let's get Tom right in about radio. There's all kinds of goings on here. This guy, Dan Nega, Smegma thing is a big story.
It's not our station. It's queer channel. Those are the bad guys, the enemy. David Ross, all those goyem.
Pete Boulder, that crew. The unmentionedables. And yet we just tell them like it is here on this show. That's why people listen even when it hurts.
It's not our station. It's somebody else's station. But they're smoking or hotter than a goddamn pistol.
That's right. Playing this crap. Oh, and they're all I got to tell you this.
They're playing this at the hockey game in between periods last night. And there's a couple of guys down in the front row. And they're doing the whole like this.
Yeah. Yeah. Yes. No. Yes. That's for kids. These are guys. I would say like 20-ish, 21 college.
They weren't drunk. And they weren't bags. Well, I'm telling you, they were doing the whole. And of course they were hoping that they get put on the big screen up there because all these people, all these hand bones of the hockey game, they want everybody to see him on a big screen acting like assholes.
Yeah. Acting like I want your fruit flies. So I guess here's the deal. All the young people now they don't realize that when this go without originally in the 70s, it was a thing. See, they don't realize that they don't get it.
They probably don't even know who the village people are. They like the music. You know, they're like, you can drive them. Yeah. Oh, kill it. Even I can't even an old queen like me can't stand that.
Give me the willies. 10 past 11 at 560 WQA.
This one. So it's done. I've got the number. I'm over at this state of a family.
It was a very.
That must be my father.
Love at 16 at 560 WQA. And by the way, let's test out our and I the good word is from Bluff.
Lens you just came in here. This is get the morning guys real agovated because he's paying too much attention to show now. Am I right about that? Yeah, they'll be drawn more up. Sin of the on our door tomorrow.
But our nation wide toll free line. It has been ordered. It's the orders and George. In other words, the phone line is in and of course we're supposed to believe that it was originally ordered for the whole country. Do we believe that? No. That's what Greg said. So do we believe it? No, but nevertheless, what about the roll over?
It's not going to roll over. Don't you understand? dummy. It's one line. If it rolls over, that means that a whole bunch of people could call it the same time, which means we'd never be lacking for calls, which would be nice for us.
But at the same time, that means that it would bring a run up a gigantic bill. They never hold on anyway. What do you mean by that? It would only be they would only be on there for 10 minutes. The most they never hold on online. I hate to break. They're not paying for it. Right. They're not paid for it when they call locally.
They're calling from out of town. They're like highly motivated in town. And those people look at look at the phone right now. Is that call on it right now?
I don't want any right now because I'm busy talking. Although I do want one online. I know I need out of town line, which our number tool free is 877-785-Neil and EIL 1877-785-6345 all over Florida. Palm Beach, Fort Myers, Naples, Port Charlotte, Venice,
Bradenton, Sarasona, Somakali, Immakali, Loots, Gainesville, Tampa, Lakeland, 877-785-Neil. Let's find out if it's working today. Let's see what the lay of land is with this guy. I don't see nothing happening on this thing to you.
And of course, if I answer it right away call, then it doesn't have to go on hold it all. No, we don't have to run up a bill, which makes them happy. WQM, bat line. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Mr. Neil. How you be doing? I'll keep you here. All right.
I heard you were speaking about me yesterday, so I figured you should call today. Where are you? Fort Myers.
You're in Fort Myers? Yeah, somebody had to call on the 877-4, you said you're begging for a call. What are you doing in Fort Myers?
You know, travel to state, wander around. Have you got Jacob in the truck of your car?
We both wish I did because I'd be straight over to see you. Yeah, but you would.
Great game last night. I had no idea what you've been talking about since I just turned on your show.
It comes in great over here on 770. Great game last night. Burray looked incredible.
Thank God they finally got wise with Chris Weldon set his ass down.
And you notice we got Burray and Ray Whitney back last night, which of course made Paris play fantastic.
And Burray gets two and Whitney gets one plus to assist. So there's three of the six goals right there with the two guys who came back.
And the big black guy got some of the people all excited because they like seeing him out there even though I don't know what he,
but purpose he's there has been nevertheless. And the guys that came back all of a sudden set this team on fire.
Let me tell you, you know, much rather see Peter War out out there banging bodies than that little sissy Wells out there who does nothing.
Yeah, that's a good point. That's a good point. Yeah, he looks. He looks good in the suit though. He sits big in the crowd.
If they get fit to the world in front of a net, just like you know,
so the world takes up a lot more. He's in front of that one. Kuba got his first ever NHL goal.
He he was blocking out Felix by. I noticed Felix.
PaiPai was holding up a sign. You're the end of the second period saying get me out of here. Please and they did.
Now they originally they give it to where they stuck with that for a long time.
But I noticed in the paper this morning they changed it to Kuba. He got to go.
Well, Royal Lever toucher. You could see on a replay. He never touched it in the fuck either.
Well, hey, as long as he's out there banging bodies, you know, and we can keep that Chris Wells up in the stands.
You know, goodbye by Chris Wells. Okay, Dave.
All right. Neil, thank you. How did Jacob for me? I'll bring him down to the next day. Give him a big juicy kiss on the lips for me.
Okay.
Oh, poor Jacob, huh? He's going to have to live with this. That's okay. He can handle it. He's a good guy.
They can all handle it. By the way, speaking of handling it, there's an editorial in the herald today about the tytony.
I still can't get over. I mean, the response. All the people of hockey game last night that's all we were talking about was tytony and the cheap sports is not who don't tip.
We don't want to offend our sports listeners out there. We got a 6.9 in black guys out there.
We don't want to offend those guys, but they got a good sense of humor. They love this show.
See, the black people in this town, they have a sense of humor. The Julio is there like uptight like George. They're uptight, professional sticks.
Comey. Yeah, see? See what I'm talking about. That's right. I have to contend with every day.
Uptight little spec who pretends that he's not, but he definitely is.
You got to see when he starts getting psychotic on the phone and they always know it's somebody a bash and Cubans.
As soon as he starts screaming, I don't like that. Yeah.
That Joe Castell told me the whole story about the all. In fact, when you were ranting and raving with him and hearing I had a kick his ass out of there.
It was all about that Cuban stuff and how embarrassed you are by these obnoxious old Julio's calling in Madagal. All that stuff, you know.
Yeah. And it isn't embarrassing. It's embarrassing. The fact that we got it 1.2 million Julio's in Dade County and we got a stick in five share there.
And we got to have like that. And we know that they're all listening. That's the sad part, but they won't put it down.
Liar, liar, pants on fire. Maybe they go to the Greg Reed School of Truth.
Here's a mobile informer. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? All right. I've used to live over there and I just happened to slip across the stations and heard your voice. I call Neil.
And if you don't do any advertising over here, do we do what? You don't do any advertising over here. I didn't know you're on the radio.
We don't do any advertising over here. Either you're talking about promotion. You've got to be kidding me. That's your show on.
We don't do any promotion. This is the Beasley Reed Company as cheap as they come.
We don't even ever got what a sandwich board walking up and down the boardwalk over there. If you have a boardwalk, we don't have any promotion. Nobody even knows that I'm on over there. And we still got a number.
Oh, it's great to hear you, boy, and it's also kind of of enlightening to know that that haven't changed over there. Everything sounds the same.
It's exactly the same. When did you leave? When did you get out of here? 96. Oh, it's much worse.
I got a new owner for the ball team and he wants the same crap as the old one with nothing changes. Right. Yeah. All right. Well, you have a good one, Neil.
Great hearing from your pal. Bye bye. Have a great day. How do you like that? This toll free line, man. Wait till we get the nationwide toll free line. All these mumsers here in town that have been making me beg for calls for 23 years on every station morning, new night AM FM PM.
You're going to be sorry, boy, because you're going to be cut off. They're going to take away your whatever it is.
That's right. Of course, most of the same people I talked to with the games and the remote. They say, oh, I never call 99% of the people out there wouldn't call a talk show.
Unless or close for talking about sports. They do like talking about that. I don't want our black friends to take it the wrong way, but the audience does enjoy it. In fact, even black people like when we talk about sports is because at least it, you know, gives them a little publicity.
Besides stuff like OJ crap like that, you know, and murderers. There's a lot of good black people out there. Right there.
Loads and loads.
Why are you smoking when you say that? I'm not spitting.
Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? Great. Hey, that last call you got a call from four miles.
I think he just maybe turned on the radio because the guy just the morning show down here, Joe, he's always, always giving you a plug.
We love Joe. Yeah, they're always giving you a plug down here. Joe's our Python. He's our buddy, amigo.
All right, man. I thought I'd give you a little spy, the spy report on that.
And how do you like this free line we got for you now? That's great, man. We're doing it. Yeah, that's great. All right. See you.
Say hi to the bees. These two for us over there in the West Coast. Okay. Tell them a bunch of cheap pricks and crappy dressers. They make they make me look like a fashion plate. And I'm a slob and proud of it.
Oh, that that thing is smoking, man. We thought we get to a toll free number for all over the world. I don't care what the bill is. That's at least they can do for this show.
Here is a red like even Tom Zick. I'm going to read it again. I'm just going to pat myself on the back four hours today. Chris Tom knows. I mean, Tom realizes I like him, but I have to have fun at his expense.
Tom is what I know. Seriously, he's like, Defoe. I like Defoe. Two is a good guy, but he's one of those people you like Rimmer. There's a client. He's the classic example. Of course, George has either done on purpose because he hates him like poison. Although you guys you guys bonded very well last night and they're two then at the pizza loft. You should have seen it both.
There was George and Rimmer sitting right across from each other. You're the one that started all this false rumors now which one was doing a kicking out of the table. We both were with her shoes off, of course, but at any rate.
I'll see Rimmer is a perfect example. He's a good guy. He's a friend of mine. He's a great guy, but he's one of the and it's not just me. I finally cured him of that. He's always like, Oh, you're always ripping me. Yeah, but I have a radio show. Everybody in the Panther organization. Everybody in the sports world. He's one of those people whose whose destiny in life is to be made fun of. He's a good guy, but he just he you look at him and you say, Here's a guy who's got a need to be picked on. You know, like the class of nerd. Yeah, not that he's a nerd, but George said he was.
Here's gamesville. Hello. Hey, now how you don't sir? Wonderful. All right. Okay. Just want to I want to chime in on this thing about who tips that and what ethnic groups. Yes, sir. I don't know much about that, but all I know is I'm up here in U.F.
and I'm in one of the one of the groups on campus, one of the student groups. And I was out there and what's called
Turlington Plaza, which is which is the main cross area in gamesville. If any UF students are listening, they know where this is. Yeah.
It's the biggest biggest congested place on campus. It's between all the major areas on campus. And I was working for this group and they were paying this money to pass out
and it was very good. Yeah. Guess what group of people? What two groups of people could not go by without stopping in for something for it?
Blacks and Jews. Asian. Asian. Asians and gamesville. Asians at all the students. All the smart ones.
You have a bunch of gooks. Oh, that's right. They're very bright. All the bright ones. All the blacks would stop by. They what you'd be getting. What you got.
Some other guys spooks and gooks. Yeah. I was thinking about when the Asian guys said that the blacks don't tip well, but they still they're like everything in the
gov'ones. Right. Exactly. They keep on taking. They want more toothpaste. They want anything for free. Right. And it's like a magnet that's drawn right to it. Watch out for those mooleys, man.
I know. Okay. Have a great day. Keep your thumb on it. 27 after 11 at 560 WQF Neil Rogers is my lover. And now a royal plus.
Princess. Are you in there? Yes. Could you bring princess more to you? Yeah. Okay, bitch.
Let me ask you this. There's anything a world B. M. is probably a little more like delicate. Uh huh.
Flavorful. Uh huh. It's 11 32 or 5 60 probably not because they've all had spotted dick. Anyway, the hero that it's realizes today.
And this was all over the news yesterday. By the way, I want to thank my dark, conflicted friend for bringing that up.
Even though I didn't know what he was talking about yesterday. The one I said, you talk about tytony yet.
Oh, I was embarrassed because I know what the hell he was. Tytony. It's a tree. All I could think of was, yeah, like Tony Orlando. That sounds good to me.
Time to a guy named big oak tree and hang his ass. So we don't have to hear that crappy song again.
Oh, it sounded me like some kind of an Italian like rigatoni, you know. I have some tytony with extra cheese.
And I forgot all about that great story on the front page of the paper yesterday. So it's been Jay all over the place.
The hero that it's realizes today a tip for tytony. Hey, Romeo Tony Takarata needs reminding that he's in the hospitality business.
If not a tutorial on US civil rights law. The owner of tytony arrest run on South Beach apparently thinks it's acceptable to discriminate among customers based on skin color and presumed tipping habits.
As in tip the turd and outrage patron and a stunt police officer told the hero how Mr. Takarata explained it.
I just include the gratuity on people's checker. Why don't think tip good? Those people don't tip good. Those people.
Those of course means black people this from the man who 10 years ago told the hero that many blacks black the energy to be waiters at his restaurant.
Hello, it says with six o's on it six on it. As Mr. Takarata heard that his neighbor down the beach Joe Stone crab settled the federal employment lawsuit for not hiring women servers.
Does he forget that in South Beach your best customers come in any entire nationality or shade of color and once insulted vote with their feet by walking out.
Does he forget that? Oh, or maybe he just doesn't care. I guess they're all doesn't understand that. Maybe he's doing real good business.
In fact, maybe there's a whole bunch of other people that might actually come in there now because they're they guess they won't see too many charges in there.
What? What you're you're smoking a life and about that and I'm not suggesting that he's got the right to do that because it's certainly highly illegal.
That's like telling people to go back to the back of the bus again, you know, or drink from a separate water fountain and stuff like that.
He'll eagle, but but nevertheless, maybe somewhere in a recessive as my these thinking, you know, if I get some publicity that these parts is in in here, they think they can come in here and be safe.
People that are paranoid about eating the restaurant with black folk.
Which I think is kind of silly. I know if I go to a nice restaurant, I don't mind if there's like maybe one or two black people in there.
Of course, I prefer that they be waiting on people or maybe in the kitchen or maybe standing on a table singing, oh man, whatever, you know, like it.
At our pies on there at the macaroni grill.
Now, what's wrong with that? What's wrong with a few black people being in there while you're eating your meal two or three?
Preferably on the other side of the restaurant.
What? Well, you know, they have all those little kids and they make a lot of noise and they get up and they start jitter bugging it to the side of the table.
You know that, you know how that works. That's the last thing you want in the Thai restaurant to bunch of little kids jitter bugging all over the place.
Yeah, they're like a lot more to screw up your damn, you know, what is that? What was her name yesterday? The wife puts the role. What was her name?
Sam and they have their little screw up your spring roll or your salmon roll.
I mean, that story, you're right. You people that came, they were peeing on my leg at the hockey game last night, thousands of people.
Just and it had nothing to do with me necessarily just reading the story out of the newspaper was so amusing as it was.
I mean, here's this poor cop who's married to a dark, conflicted lady and her name is salmon roll.
All you angels fans out there ever see Tim salmon roll. I bet you have five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
We want to hear from some black bags out there and fight a few big good pippers or not, which category do you swing in sway to?
Because you can't have it both ways so to speak. I mean, you can't you can't be one of those cheap black tippers.
They don't tip good and also be a bag who's supposed to be the best temper. You got to pick.
You got to pick which group is most important to you. Okay, like is in juPaul and those guys all those dark and pluggies.
And how come it is that most I shouldn't say that?
But it's true most black gay people men at any rate tend to be very swishy.
You know, I'm wrong about that. Is that another ugly stereotype that we're perpetuating by that?
Just my I don't know what about the gay black men that aren't swishy. How do you know that they're gay men?
How does one know? You know, I have a dark. I'll have to be Oliver. I guess I'm.
Here's a hi, a liar. Hello. Yes, I'm here. Yes, I'll first time call a nail. Yes, sir.
I was I drive around town. I drive around town. I have five sixty. I am either listening to you or to Hank.
You know, so you were talking about the express line in a grocery store.
So when I was in the store today, I was in the express line. There was one person ahead of me.
Yes, it was wild. It was crazy. The woman, the cash register, the woman and the cash register, she came around and took all the groceries out of the grocery basket for the lady.
Oh, I would say 15 to 20 pieces. But that is in the main reason I'm calling you. Yes.
This talk, you are you sitting down? Well, is that the end of that story or something? No, no, no. I was sitting down. Yes, I'm sitting here firmly. I'm holding on to it right now.
It comes from the bottom line. I'm from grass. Yes. It comes from the bottom line. The woman working behind the cash register, I didn't hear the conversation.
But she pulled out her own checkbook and wrote a check for the groceries. That's hard to believe, isn't it?
Who pulled out her checkbook? The woman, the cashier? Yeah, the cashier. The one working at the grocery store. Why did she do that? I have no idea.
But you are telling people to have cash in that pocket. Money. But the cash, the first five to the register, pulls out a checkbook and signs a check for the groceries for her.
Maybe it was her mama. Right, right. It was probably her mama. I think they were both Cuban. That's what I always say when I go up to the checkout and send you that $50,000. I always say your mama.
Okay, I have a great day, pal. So, anybody get what he was saying? No, just trying to pick on us four Cubans again. We're never going to get back to that 8.5 share in Cuban men if you keep picking on Cubans like that.
We're definitely trying to win back our Cuban friends. Are we? Yes, we are. It's by the George and his arrogant God dang attitude. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
877 785 Neil any I'll on a tool free number that we want to keep hoppin we want to keep that thing busy. We want to keep it smoking.
22 till noon to QA. I've got two sets of lips.
My dad.
We make you and me.
When I was young, the name of me. I was killed by my daddy.
I was a dad. That's me.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
He needed a food.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
You'll never hear him at any.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
The governor Colorado will all say that substantial new evidence has come forth as a rant. He better get their ass over there.
He says if I could speak to John and Patti Ramsey, I would tell him to quit hiding behind the attorneys quit hiding behind their PR firm.
come back to Colorado and face the music and help us find the killers even
though it's probably them is what he said so many three years ago what
tells a big hurry now what's the rush what's the rush to judgment and let me
ask you this is jambanay ramsey the only kid that's been murdered in American
last three years huh she was a little beauty queen thing she was a little queen
had a lot of file footage a lot of video of her dancing inside because they
know there have been some queens murdered in American last three years oh it'll
care about that most of them don't make the news like that kidney army but
anyway well speaking of murderers by the way and the great stuff that goes on in
this slaughterhouse of a country that we live in here's a big story wait to
hear this the fact that this is in the newspaper this is in the Sun
Sentinel under those kind of odds and ends columns you know where they had
these little tidbits from stuff that's going on around the country and around
the world executed killer had marijuana in blood oh my god are you ready for
this I don't think you're better sit down
deliciously different marijuana deliciously different marijuana my
guamry alabama baby a convicted killer executed in alabama four months ago
may have smoked a better hang on tight may have smoked marijuana before he was
put to that the prison spokesman said on Wednesday that ain't healthy now what
they killed him I think this is in the newspaper like oh my god he was smoking
the wicket weed forensics experts found traces of marriage we need in the blood
and urine of Brian Baldwin who was put to death June 18 after 22 years on
death row 22 years on death row smoked a little pin joint before they fried his
ass and here's a story for kidnapping and murdering a girl 16 state
corrections spokesman Tom Gillixon said he could have smoked it in a cell who
knows marijuana can stand the blood for a long time gilcus and said the
samples were taken immediately after the execution end of story yeah right so
what's the point he was smoking weed in a cell see once you're in prison you
have to worry about it because you can't get like arrested for it you know what
Sam can't get busted for smoking a wicked weed in prison and when you're on
death row and they're gonna fry your ass they can't like extend your sentence so
that's what you guys out there that want to smoke that wicked weed man you better
go kill somebody and then they can put your ass on death row then you can smoke
marijuana in America yeah only the murderers can smoke the wicked weed the wacky
weed as in whack this speaking of wacky by the way getting back to my close
friend Tom jikett see I don't want to I don't want to get too carried away Tom
give it too much credit for that glowing editorial article whatever that thing
was or you peed on my leg in the paper day thank you Tom but you're still a
putt because this is the same time jikett that wrote a glowing thing Friday
your Saturday about oh what's everybody butchered about the TV weather guys in
hurricane Irene and they did a fine job and they didn't blow it in it yeah that's
why it says in the very front page of the hero that I guess what the hero doesn't
make mistakes way of writing hurricanes may change because of hurricane Irene
and the fact that it was handled so very poorly by all involved how do you
like that Tom forecast is another weather experts motivated by soft load is
wet and perilous battle with hurricane Irene are proposing fundamental
changes in warning procedures one likely result of scale that rates of
hurricane based on its rainfall and flood potential such a system would
complement the well-known safer Simpson scale which divides hurricanes into
five categories determined solely by sustained wind when Irene struck soft
photo two weeks ago was a minimal category one storm on that scale but it
might have been a class eight storm on the still-unnamed rainfall and flooding
scale from one to ten you see you got it Tom no no he's still I'm figuring it out
proponents say the high rating would have generated the appropriate sense of
urgency among residents and emergency preparedness among authorities who many
of whom seem ambushed by Irene oh this is right in the paper they seem
ambush unprepared didn't get the job done and Tom says what are you
about they got it right there was nothing wrong there and they say it can
save countless lives hurricane which is rain killed thousands of people
last year in central America hurricane Floyd's rain killed scores this year in
Carolina's the safer Simpson scale is great as far as it goes but it doesn't
give the complete story said Stephen Leatherman wanted several proponents and
director of the international hurricane center a research center at F.I.U. we
need a parallel scale or rating system for rainfall and flooding because
rainfall and flooding kill and they cause the power to go out and power lines
to go out and people to drown in canals and all of these things Tom so how do
you like that let me say it again they blew it big time and now they're
scrambling to cover their ass just for the next one so they don't blow it again
so that if they can somehow convey the immediacy and the danger of these
things speaking of danger by the way and this is perfect for South Florida
I mentioned this before only here by the way where's that well what is that
I'm nine what is that it's a call yeah what do we want them on that line because
they have your food poisoning information oh here's a great call in Fort
Lauderdale hello how you doing pretty good your Listeria Mito
cytogenes is what is called oh my god it would only be detected in in the
body with a blood culture you'd have to go to the doctor get a blood
culture yeah what does it do the CDC I'm looking at the CDC web page it says it
manifests itself in the body as in South Lauderdale meningitis or septicemia
going on on diagnosed it starts off as web page that starts off as flu
like symptoms oh my god healthy people at usually in most healthy people usually
passes but in the young very old right cause death wow so it starts with
flu like symptoms right oh my god flu diarrhea it can be taken care of with
penicillin yeah and a long drug that I couldn't begin to pronounce right so if you
had such a long a while ago you probably you probably gone through your system
two weeks but if you wanted to attack you can get to take a blood culture okay
thanks a million pal you're welcome I bless you okay there you go you better
pray for me folks I might have what he say something cockis oh Michael
do cockis disease wow from a bad weedy from subwretz
loss it major lawsuit yeah but how do I prove it how do I prove I don't have
the package anymore start saving your stool samples okay
okay I mean I don't think I flushed it today when I was in there the second time
let me run in there right now oh look at the gold sendation in there with a
camera so here anyway is this this story that only could happen down here
Hollywood leader seeks 25 mile an hour speed limit yeah she's serious considering
that South Florida and the four Lauderdale Hollywood area in particular have
more than once been deemed unsafe for drivers and pedestrians lowering the
speed limit might seem like a good idea does it seem like a good idea no
that's what it says here unless you're one of the folks motoring through Hollywood who
already think they're doing the crawl now Hollywood City Commissioner Kathy
Anderson wants to cap the speed limit in Hollywood at 25
miles per hour Anderson and her constituents say they think that slow way
motorists down will make the street safer for pedestrians and other drivers how
about five miles an hour I bet you won't have any fatalities at five
miles an hour let's just make cars a illegal band of no no just real slow real
real slow that kind of like taking a trolley everywhere how about just put
a minute room you have to get out and push I've never heard a complaint about
people going too slow said Anderson she's what let me ask you this Kathy are
you looking at some kind of a vacuum and some kind of a cocoon I know you're in
Hollywood sweetheart you've never heard complaints about people
driving too slow she's the commission's longest standing member hold
is she about 110 I live on a dead end street I have people
sailing by down here she says yeah you're on a dead end street all right sweet
art you're on a dead end street you're on the road to nowhere
and Anderson's request commissioners will talk about whether to win act a slow
down at their next regular commission meeting November 3rd I 95 in Florida's
turnpike whose speeds are set by the state of federal agencies of course thank
God would be a ha ha ha ha ha ha ha are there exempt but can you imagine if they
weren't exempt entering Hollywood Florida break it fast okay you have to go
25 on i95 until you get to your Hollywood
however here comes the bad way to you hear this
U.S. 1 slash federal highway Hollywood Boulevard and other major arteries
would be included federal highway 25 freaking
miles an hour according to this crazy person in this throw away every minute
accounted for beeping cellular phone at the hip culture it says motorist bob
we even cut in out of traffic lanes all in effort to get there just a little
bit faster and speeding into problem in many areas the biggest defenders are
the people who live in this neighborhood says Leslie Gibbs resident of
Harrison street in the lake section has worked for six years to reduce the
speed limit in her area motorist who are asked about the proposal when they
couldn't follow the logic its ridiculous said Cheryl LaPam of Hollywood
actually i think the speed limits a little slow nice going to your amen sweetheart
like over there on hiatus road by me in the acres where they got a 35
mile an hour speed limit at the number one god damn speed trap in a whole world
there there isn't one single house facing that street there's one whole
side of the street that's nothing but uh uh adjacent to the canal there
nothing but god damn would see the island a bunch of grass
35 miles an hour and they sit there with their radar guns in a park a lot off
the side under the bushes behind a god damn truck right in business
can you believe this florida law sets the limit of most residential streets at
30 miles an hour anything lower requires a traffic study to justify the
reduction then there's the issue of enforcement
whether it's 25 or 30 it's a matter of resources for us and compliance
says hollywood police chief james scarberry
what do you think about this issue what says here in this article we want your
opinions on anything and everything call out for us that's at the herald to leave
a message and here's the phone number here's the phone number if you live in
hollywood you ever drive through there if you want to tell this catty bitch this
crazy person Kathy Anderson hollywood city commissioner what you think about her
25 mile hour speed limit 9 5 4 7 6 4 7 0 2 6 extension 52
oh one that's the outbursting recall it in the
burst it out just give them a what for 9 5 4 7 6 4 7 0 2 6
extension 52 oh one only in soft florida will be have somebody like Kathy
Anderson saying she never heard of anybody going too slow
maybe Kathy's got a bicycle huh maybe Kathy takes a cab
maybe Kathy doesn't get out much you think that might be it uh-huh nobody goes too slow here
see i want to tell you something Kathy I've never heard of anybody getting a ticket for going too
slow those are the people who cause the overwhelming majority of the action you got your
drunk son of one hand and then you got your irresponsible people going 20 miles an hour
in the left hand lane causing other people to get frustrated and doing irresponsible things
because they'd like to get somewhere before before they croak Kathy use crazy crazy person you
oh four minutes still new in it qa m this is 560 qa out
four four come here come here come here come right come that training lots of fun come that training lots of fun
grab my trigger and shoot my gun grab it's just like punching in full deer
he like marching in full deer i like breathing out through the rear he like bringing
I have to rehearse.
Here's a prince I gotta scale.
Here's a sentient guy to scale.
Oh my god, I'm broken now.
Oh my god, he broke his nails.
Am I right or wrong?
You're right.
Am I right or wrong?
He's right.
And all one, two,
And all three, four,
And all one, two,
And all one, two,
Three, four.
Marching proud and marching on.
Marching proud and marching on.
We won't wear no pink chiffon.
Army life is all I need.
Army life is all he needs.
Lose the green and give me sweet.
Lose the green and give me sweet.
Captain made me dig a ditch.
Captain made him dig a ditch.
Drill sergeant is such a bitch.
She has a head and such a bitch.
Corporal's make my short hair.
Curl, make it short hair.
Carl, make my bag of pearl.
Carl, make my bag of pearl.
Carl, make it short hair.
I'm furrowed.
Am I right or wrong?
You're right.
Am I right or wrong?
You're right.
Found all one, two,
Found all three, four.
We're going on down one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four.
Okay.
Come on, two at five, 50 W. Kim.
So what have I got?
I've got Encephalitis and Menon Jitis and Sam Itis.
Wow.
All from a bad weenie.
How do you like that?
There's a good message for all your kids out there.
Stay away from the wicked bad weenies, okay?
Subwretz.
Of course, it very well could be nothing.
How many times do you think that we wind up getting sick?
And we wind up having the, you know, squats and all kinds of other, you know, in the stomach.
And we think, oh, I got a little stomach fluid.
Touch it.
It's something like that.
And in the meantime, we got like some kind of little food poisoning all the time.
Yeah.
Now, I don't want to get, because it's right in the middle of lunch hour now.
Of course, we're not eating here anymore.
George is eating one of his low carb diet bars from the lights.
I'm eating nothing.
Because I have to let my innards heal up from all the stuff, the same I just that I've got.
And I don't want to get anybody losing their appetite.
And yes, I do love my meat.
I love a great juicy steak from Ruth Chris.
I do like, I love meat.
And of course, it's great for any actions.
But, but I'm sure that most of you have seen those things where they show on TV every now and then,
like on 60 minutes or one of those shows, they'll have one of these exposs about the unsanitary conditions
that some of these meat packing plants.
And they show you inside where they're putting the meat through those grinders, you know.
And there's like blood all over the place.
It looks like inside of an atomic laboratory or something.
You know, they all got those white coats on, you know.
And the floor is just a mess and they're just swabbing and mopping.
And yeah.
Oh, yeah.
It looks like the inside of a porno arcade or something.
They got all these guys with mobs, you know, running up and down.
And if you look at that, you say to yourself,
I don't know.
Yeah.
That's always my feeling when I look at that.
Like, what is, what really is it that we're getting in that package by the time it gets to us?
And then of course, when they tell you, you better cook it for a long time because if you don't,
then you're really going to get some kind of crap.
You're going to have that E. coli burger, yeah.
And you could be the next jack in your box.
Well, what could be safe?
The vegetables, they spray with all the pesticides, fruit, vegetables, all that stuff.
And if they come from like Mexico or something, they probably have human feces,
it's fertilizer or something crappy.
Yummy.
If you remember that a while back, they had to recall all this crap, all the crap,
because it was crapped upon, yeah.
It was poison.
Yeah.
So I think the answer is I got the new Neorages diet.
Stop eating.
Eat only those things that are absolutely safe, like chocolate covered ants.
Huh?
What could be bad about that?
That sounds pretty good, pretty safe.
You come up with something else that might be safe besides that.
Because everything that's artificial, we know as poison for us,
it's killed as loaded with all kinds of chemicals and killer crap.
Killer crap.
Game meat for Northern Alaska.
Game meat?
Oh, I ought to be pretty healthy.
Here's the Kiva skin, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great show.
Hey, who hires these guys?
The parking impediments out there at the National Car Rental Center.
Who hires them?
I don't know.
They're horrible.
Well, they're with my wife.
Yeah.
And I've drove in, and it's like $40.
The guy comes up running up to the car.
$40 for what?
He's like parking front, not parking front for $40.
I'm like, I got reserved parking.
They're bringing a scam out there.
$40?
$40, they'll park you in front?
Yeah, who are these kids?
It's how they go.
Pretty enterprising young people, I guess.
Yeah, but who hires them?
I don't know.
They're trying to scam everybody.
Are they working for the arena?
Are they working for Wayne to think?
Wayne?
I don't know who, but I had to reserve parking time.
Maybe Wayne is pimping them out.
You know, maybe it's so he gets a fan.
He ran right up to the car, Neil.
He goes, I'll put you right up front for $40 bucks.
It's only $50 bucks.
Yeah, it's horrible.
Well, thank you.
Absolutely, all right.
I'm going to check that out.
Thank you.
Okay, see you.
Okay, if anybody else there is getting offered to be moved up to the front for a good parking,
I want to find out right now, acquiring mines, want to know.
$5.670, $5.60, $5.60 on the 18th to wireless line.
I'm pretty depressed that I started talking about that mysterious stuff.
Although I did see my close good friend, Elle Sunshine.
Thanks for the warning, Elle.
I was watching those Hamhawks, Playland.
And I said, boy, that's a Bret Tantauk.
That's right about the time.
And of course, there's no way to check because I don't have the package anymore.
So I don't know the lot number.
I can't check.
You know, whether it was the good weenie or the bad weenie or whatever.
And this could have just been a cold would seem to be basically gone away right now.
Although I still have that kind of like queasy.
Yeah.
Feeling in my stomach, you know, so what to do?
We have to start saving the RLR food wrappers like receipts.
Have a different file folder for all of those now.
Yeah, there's a recall on some crappin' you ate three weeks ago, by the way.
And of course, if you still don't have the package.
So you just better start poppin' a lot of antibiotics just in case.
Because you might be dead pretty soon.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Hollywood, the land of the slow.
Yeah.
Well, that lady Kathy, I'm calling about something else that you mentioned.
Kathy Anderson.
There's a warring faction in the Hollywood Commission.
There's two people on each side, one on Marigal aunties, and one on John Coleman.
And this lady rides as a fence.
And she's a swing vote on those votes on the Hollywood Commission.
And supposedly she's going to be trying out for a Broward County at large.
See, I guess since the county's going to be going to the districts, there's going to be two at large seats.
And she's going to try to run for one of those at large seats.
So really good rinse all of them, because none of them are doing Hollywood any good.
Yeah, she's got to be certifiable, Kathy Anderson.
Oh, yeah.
She's an old daughtering, if I may say it, bitch.
Is she old?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, great.
A big fat lady with big guy twice.
But what I was calling about was you talked about that guy's restaurant down there on Miami Beach.
Hi, tight ponies.
And my wife is in the industry that depends on tips from others.
And she's not a waitress.
And I don't want to say because I don't want to, because I'm okay.
I think it could be missed because true.
No, no, no.
She's a hairdresser, but we're sure it's down in Miami.
And you can't tell the truth nowadays without being persecuted.
Right.
And the fact of the matter is, what is the truth?
Well, the truth is, she'll tell you, and most people that are in the business that collect tips for a living will tell you that
for the most part, black Americans don't tip very well.
So, duckies tip bad.
And if you say, the poor guy, you know, he, unfortunately, he's not probably not from this country and doesn't realize how sensitive people are here.
And he told the truth, and he's going to probably lose his restaurant over it.
Oh, he's got some big crap coming.
I'll go into that.
Oh, absolutely.
That's all they're talking about.
They got the evidence.
You know, he was stupid enough to stamp that thing on the, on the bill, you know.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, was the guy lying?
I mean, you know, I was listening to Howard Stern this morning, and Howard was talking about in New York City that the cab drivers, they passed a lot that says that if a cab driver passes up anybody for any reason, doesn't pick them up, that they're liable to lose their cab license.
And what that was meant for was because the cabies refused to pick up young black men.
So they're forced to put their lives at risk or lose their cab license.
So in other words, if they pick up a young black man, they're putting their life at risk, is that what you're saying?
Well, they even had black cabies calling in black cab drivers.
It said the same thing.
Even black cab drivers refuse to pick up black men and take them to certain areas, especially if they're armed openly and like pointing in.
Well, you know, unfortunately, you know, how about one of the weekends?
Well, you know, they mention those two.
Yeah, depends on how long the life is.
Okay, thanks, pal. I'm sure we'll get 400 more calls on this. Thank you.
And good luck to your wife.
There you go. Schwarches don't tip good.
Okay, people don't want to pick them up in a cab. People don't want to, you know, have them come in a restaurant because they don't tip good.
What are we going to do? We got this big black audience out there.
We like them from a distance.
Ten minutes past noon at 560 WTQF.
I'm sorry.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the two new New York young people.
Darrell Strawberry.
I'm a doctor. Good and good.
And the personal coach Steve how?
How? That's what I like about that.
He's not good in the wind up.
The straw man snorts the line up.
He's drooling like a dog who heard a bell.
Oh, right.
He's high as a lab rat for smoking the cracket of bat.
He doesn't like cocaine just like the way it smells.
Snorting a bull.
Darrell's rolling up a plant. He snorting a bull.
And he's giving good and plenty.
They lick the 20 dollar bill.
Their teeth are grinding like a peppa mill.
Go in eight balls.
Out the hole and pills.
Steve how is in the bullpen?
His nostrils are wide open.
He's so f**king up beating because he's on the braves.
He gets advice from Doc and not prescribe some rock.
The first people were lining to any blood of safe.
Snorting a bull.
They abused the magic powder snorting a bull.
Wrinkle it on that clam chowder.
Prescription's got perpetual refill.
They do it in the pool if they had gels.
Snorting a bull.
Out the hole and pills.
All that money.
A bull.
Out the hole and pills.
I like to welcome you all aboard.
Is your manager?
Hi, Bob.
And by the way, stop talking about Jim Gray already.
William's so sick and tired he's an asshole.
He's a piece of crap.
I mean, what is there left to say about him?
And the fact that they try to be sustenating the last night
because NBC intervened.
I didn't watch it.
I was busy at the panther game.
Busy watching something great.
Not another stupid goddamn World Series game,
which the outcome was already known.
And if you people would have been smart,
you would arrive the goddamn bank got some money
and come to the Macarena and see the great Pavel Burry last night.
And Ray Whitney and Mark Parish.
And a damn good game.
See, this is the only place in the world where a Pavel Burry,
the greatest athlete in the world today could be playing.
He's out, you know, he's injured.
He comes back.
We've been waiting with, he comes back.
Scores are going with it.
In the first three minutes that he's back on a ice.
Scores another one later on unbelievable backhand shot.
He's making unbelievable passes and moves.
And we're not all these things.
And these people are like, who's that?
Who's that?
What is that, that ice hockey stuff?
What is that?
I'm getting real upset about that food thing now.
The more I think about it, just don't think about it.
Just keep eating.
Okay, just keep showing your time you're put.
Just keep fat like most Americans,
like all the rest of us fat, real fat and real sick.
See, it's like so many times over the years people have called and said,
oh yeah, but you know,
I had the kind of flu you got here.
And I was sick for six months with it.
Guess what?
It probably wasn't the flu.
You probably picked up a bad something.
It's like that fat bitch Oprah.
Remember when she did that thing got in trouble with the cattle,
people in Texas and they went to court and all that.
She won.
I've never eaten other burgers.
Another burger as long as I live.
I'm going to tell you she's eaten a lot of the burgers.
Nobody can be that fat without eating everything inside,
including big juicy steaks.
Big juicy meat.
With all the blood dripping down and all the disease and the,
oh god, right in the middle of lunch hour,
he's talking about this.
And I think back to those pictures,
that just so graphic.
And they're shoving it through all those meat grinders.
You know, and there's just blood all over the place and there's crap on the floor
and they're like mopping and just,
and what they're doing is like mopping and stuff and just moving it around.
You know what I mean?
Did I really like making anything sanitary?
They're just moving all that crap around.
And then of course they even put artificial coloring on it too, you know.
You're aware of that.
Oh god, because meat is great.
So they artificially color it red.
So that when they put it in the package there in your supermarket,
it looks like, oh, relapsedizing.
And then of course, once it starts petrifying it and refrigerated it in there too long,
it starts to an engrary again, huh?
Brown, gray, like a big turd there and refrigerated.
Don't forget to tip the turd by the way.
Here's the Hollywood, hello.
Yes sir.
How you doing, guy?
Great.
With it, I guess some information for you that you may not be aware of.
Yes sir.
On this campus, the Anderson.
Yes.
She's the same one that was arrested here a while back by the Hollywood police.
For what?
For a park and a disabled park and without the proper permit.
That's f***ing bitch.
How do you like that?
Do you imagine that?
Huh.
And she's the one making all the noise and it's lowered by the time.
Yeah, let's slow everybody down to about five miles an hour.
Like that.
Hold her she about 110.
She's up there.
Oh god, I shouldn't know.
Shoulder no.
Thanks for the bad news pal.
God bless us and tip the turd no.
There you go.
Thank you.
Tip the turd.
That's our model.
It's f***ing bitch.
It's at the Anderson okay.
Old, old, old, old fossil in Hollywood.
I've pointed this for, I've been telling you this for 500 years.
This is not a place for the living and breathing.
It's a place for dead people.
Let's all slow down to about 10 miles an hour.
Then nobody will get hurt.
Okay.
Federal highway.
I'm sure 441.
Hollywood Boulevard.
Can you even begin to imagine that?
You could shop without leaving your car.
You could just sterling road.
Share it.
So I guess that means on when there's going to go to moms for lunch.
I'll leave here at about five after two and get to about 330.
See you around four o'clock next week ma.
Because you got to go real slow in Hollywood.
And in Halendale.
And in sunrise.
And surfside.
And Tamarack.
And Wilton Manard.
Well, I guess Wilton Manard is the fact that he's taking that over now right?
You can go real fast there.
This is the only thing that we need to amtow near.
Revolution.
Bye bye.
Been in both people.
Bye bye old, old, old, farts.
Living and breathing people.
That's what we want baby.
Living and breathing people.
That's the man.
Bring him in on rubber rafts.
Here's Kibis Gain.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, great show.
I have a couple things.
First of all, after World Series, great game last night, great hockey game.
I wanted it to say I'm really pissed off this morning.
I have a brother that's disabled.
He's in a wheelchair.
And he came to visit me from up north and really loves dolphins.
So I figured why not go to take him to the aquarium.
So we go to the aquarium this morning.
And we're there and we pay our incredible $23 freaking dollars to get in.
Some insane amount like that.
And once we make it in, we go to, you know, the section off the day with different kinds of shows.
You know, the dolphin show and the killer whale show.
And we're there.
Yeah, flip it.
Flip it.
Great, great, great.
Blue Calvin?
Probably 50,000 years old by now.
But your ricks?
So we get to the dolphin show and guess what?
No wheelchair access.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
It's up in three flights this day.
There's no ramp.
There's no elevator.
I mean, how old is this place?
50 something years old.
And they still haven't got that together.
I was so p.o.
Don't wait a minute.
That would you paid first and then you got in and then you paid it in?
Exactly.
And what is my brother want to see the most is the dolphin show.
And that's the only thing they said, oh, we're really sorry.
This is the only place that, this is the only show that it doesn't have access to wheelchair.
But, you know, we have to take it like that with the grain of salt.
And like in your face and that's the way it is.
And I just wanted to let everybody know.
I know you have a lot of people that listen to you.
So I have to sequeriam and screw that place over here.
Okay, screw them.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Thank you.
Sorry about it.
Sorry, I had another bad time here in South Florida, but of course that's what we specialize
in.
We like it.
We're sadistic.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, NEO.
7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, that line, 9, the out of town line.
Which next week, sometime next week, we'll be working all over the world.
You think it'll bring more than?
No.
Never know.
I have a feeling it will.
Okay, see Florida, it's like, especially those people over to West Coast and for Myers.
All those months that they've been screaming and yelling, how come we don't have a line we
can call for free?
Are they on there today?
No.
No, maybe one or two.
That's your only line that's not on the board.
Is that line nine?
It pains me, too.
Because I want to see, I want to do anything in my power to squeeze the extra out of these
beastly bastards.
I do.
I want to build a go skyrocketing up there.
And then Greg will say, oh gee, this is just ain't working out, you know, the way we wanted.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, NEO.
Yes, ma'am.
I was in and out of the car.
The other day when you was giving the ratings on the different programs.
Yes, ma'am.
And there's some woman that sounds like a horse-laping woman on the radio by the name.
Who's that?
Rick Daniels, I think her name is.
What?
What was her rating?
She's got a number so small that even the Mount Palamard telescope wouldn't identify the number
she's down to a point nine.
Westbound, I'm sure.
Why don't they kick her off the air?
She is horrible.
Yeah, I think she's got naked pictures of Pete Volger with the rhinoceros.
I think that's what it is.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, also, I think you know Tom Schaefer.
Yes, I do.
Did you know he died?
Tom Schaefer died?
Yes, October the 14th, I think it was.
How come nobody told me about that?
I used to work with Tom Schaefer, WS News for years.
Tom, he's come to the Panther Games every now and then a couple of years ago.
Right, right.
He was lifting in Sun City West Arizona.
He was what?
He had moved to Sun City West Arizona after he retired.
And I just read him the paper the other day that he had died.
Oh my gosh.
Tom Schaefer, how old was he?
That's 65?
71, 73, something like that.
Oh, be god damn.
Do you see what he died from?
He was 71.
Yeah.
You know, it's the way what he died of.
I could send you a copy of the, that's not it, I think I still have that paper.
Okay, try and find it for me.
Okay.
Thanks for the bad news.
Okay, Neil.
Have a great time.
I'll be pressing Tom Schaefer died.
Good girl.
She was a good guy.
Of course, you know, you know, who's why he used to be his wife years ago.
You don't know?
No, I don't know.
What's the same last name?
Are you slow today, boy?
Ami Schaefer.
Oh.
It was Cuban.
Cuban.
Cuban.
That's who it was.
Ami Schaefer.
I only know her from that, from you doing that.
Well, what else do you need?
That's what he, Ami Schaefer does.
I like, like, Ianis DePina, Shira.
You know, and Mark Benson.
Those are one-dimensional anti-Cuban, I mean, anti-Bilingual people.
We're from also anti-Bilingual, but I'm not anti-Cuban.
Although looking at these numbers here, you know, they really let me down, boy.
They're killing me.
I Cuban friends out there.
You'll be back in the next book.
They will?
They just put away for the summer.
No, they did not go away for the, oh, they're all north.
You're so unhursted.
No, they're taking it.
No, they're upset because I said that there are a bunch of goofballs for that crap they're doing out there.
And they are.
The ones that are doing those things are a bunch of assholes.
And how come you're nodding?
They can't hear you nodding on the ear.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely assholes.
I said, can't hear you nodding on the ear.
Christ.
Get that finger either.
Get that finger either.
Only one South Florida radio thing.
You're the one who's sitting with it.
Hey, Goldberg.
Week day afternoons at two.
Sports radio, 560.
Q-A-M-E-L.
Yeah.
Swing it.
On.
All right.
When the Nazis reign, they reign before Papu Cannon.
Yes.
Now the KKK have good days because of you, Cannon.
Yeah.
Now, if you are yellow or purple or God forbid, proud, you'll be like Mr. Leedy hanging upside down.
You can lock and hold your gun with half in power.
But if you want to kill those lights, test them to the showers.
And as the pre-sacred gas and your right suspect in the way, are you glad that she's voted for Papu today?
Hey!
Half-new Cannon and half-n-all.
I see it now.
Okay, 1232 and 560, WQ-A-M.
Here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Well, West Palm now.
Here's the mobile in West Palm Beach. You're making good progress.
Hey, and Neil, I'm a strong admirer of your show, but you have your time to keep bringing up those ratings.
Please keep sending me over to 103.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
Start giving away some of the tickets for the hockey games.
What is this?
I said start giving away some of those tickets.
Yeah, great. Give away this.
Every time I start talking about the ratings, I send them over to 103.5.
Okay, give Pete Volder a big kiss for us.
Okay, pal.
He's the biggest mirror of my show, whatever that means.
And every time I talk about the ratings, so in other words, monkey-see monkey-do.
In other words, if all the other guys in town are listening allegedly to disco music,
you're going to listen to it too?
Oh my God, give me a break.
Give me a breath.
Give me a breath.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
Send them right over there to 103.5.
You should live so long, pal.
You couldn't turn it off if somebody put a goddamn $50,000 bill on the goddamn denob to twist it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Davy. Hello.
Here's a lady in Davy.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Well, I didn't get a chance to call you yesterday, but my husband is a big fan of your show.
Are you Jamaican?
I wonder how you picked up my accent.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, ma'am.
Hey.
I think we have a nice Jamaican lady on the line here who's not in Paris and kind of sending.
No, after what?
And not a bitch, right?
When I say what I say, I don't think you're going to think I'm nice.
Oh, okay, said.
Here we go.
Another one.
All right.
When it comes on to tape, my whole concept of it is that I don't see the big deal.
I mean, I take this a tape if you keep a person according to the service you get.
Frankly speaking, the owners of the company should pay a salary and that tape should be something
or courtesy.
Frankly, when I go to my husband, he's the one who does the tape and I say, okay, I don't know better.
You do it then.
Take, for instance, when I used to come here on tape.
I used to come here on vacation.
I mean, one of my dollars, 35 of yours, I'm here on vacation.
Why should I go into a restaurant and get five dollars?
That's a lot of money for me on my vacation.
Tip five dollars on what?
It all depends on how much this check is.
Yeah, but what I'm saying, the waitress, she's not going to understand that I'm here on vacation.
And it's a lot of money for me.
So when I give her, she's going to go on vacation.
I don't understand if you're going to afford to go on vacation.
Why can't you afford to leave a tip?
Well, this is what I'm saying.
If you think it's salary.
If you want to go on vacation.
No, I'm here.
It's a tourist area.
Oh, my God.
The people are working a service business and a tourist area.
Expecting a tip.
That's how they make it.
Like when you go to Vegas, you're on vacation.
And the people that were waiting on you, they expect to get a tip because...
Come on, Neil.
Of course.
If I go to get my nails done, I'm going to keep the person who doesn't.
I knew.
I don't want to get my hair done.
How much would you give them about 10 cents?
Oh, give me a break.
How much would you give them?
I would give five, ten dollars.
It depends if I get a good hair.
Do I'm going to give 10 dollars?
So you don't sound like a cheap person to me?
I am cheap.
If I think the person doesn't give me good services.
I'm going to keep that just being righteous.
That's all.
That's right.
Just tell us.
So the person who came to his certificate...
They weren't coming home at 1 p.m.
They weren't like me.
And the person got so tired and they're, eventually...
I don't know her, she doesn't know me.
Who Truthfully appeared in the third category.
That's a whole lot of money. That's easy money. Why why it's easy? It's easy money to wait on people in a restaurant. Have you ever done it?
Come on, they're just taking the food. They're just taking the food. They're taking crap. They're sloughing back and forth. They're walking their feet all day long. They're working for less than minimum wage.
Let me give the cook the takedown because the wait is the food. They're not the ones doing the work. They're all here taking the food.
They're coming from the cook to me. The cook is just standing there and throwing a bunch of slop on the grill. He's not even moving back there.
Come on. It's not in your eyes. It's all hot.
The call is sugar. I know my husband is over there listening to you. No, I'm happy that they love.
Oh, I like that. Okay, let's never great taste sweetheart. Same to you. And I won't wait on you.
Oh my god. Now that for her to say it's a piece of cake. It's easy. That the cook is the one that's working. It's it's ass off.
Of course the cooks are usually Jamaicans, aren't they? That's why she said that. Patients in Jamaicans.
Now that business about spitting in the soup. I don't want to go into it right in the middle of the lunch time again.
I've already grossed everybody out with the thing about the hamburger and the meat.
It happens to be true and I'm still eating that stuff. I still like a good juicy steak.
I still like a good weenie every now and then even though those subverts may have gotten meal.
Wouldn't that be just my luck? Twice a year maybe I buy hot dogs and this is just not something you buy a lot.
You know unless you're going to go cook them out in the grill or something.
And maybe once a year it might be subverts. Usually I buy Nathan's hot dogs. I like Nathan's you know.
But this happened to be subverts. And now I got the samitis.
22 before 1 at 5.60 WQAM. Of course before we came here we thought there was nothing worse than samitis
than we met our sales department here.
I find that so crowded.
Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem.
I would like to announce the development of a new software system which will be year 2000 compliant.
This program is known as millennia year application software system or my ass.
Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass to everyone.
We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity
to get a good look at my ass. We have not addressed networking aspects yet so currently only one person at a time can use my ass.
This restriction will be removed after my ass expands.
Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in my ass before.
I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively
famous and she was actually looking forward to doing it again and was even ready to kiss my ass.
As you begin using the program feel free to put anything you want in my ass.
As my ass grows larger we envision a time when it will be commonplace for a supervisor to hand
work to an employee and say here stick this in my ass. It will be a great day when we need data quickly
and our employees can respond here it is. I just pulled it out of my ass.
Thank you. Which brings to mind of course the question how Steve Nuremberg doing?
It's 16-D415-60WQM. We have an open line somewhere on there. 5-670-560-0.560 on a GAT and T line.
Here's four Myers. Hello.
Four Myers.
Two I mean. Yes sir.
Sorry. I wanted to call and apologize for Myers because we did get this line and if nobody's calling
then you might as well get rid of it. That's the place where you can.
Not just for four Myers but you can be using it.
Yeah. Well I'm trying. I can only make like 15 calls a day.
Right. So I mean if over there where you're at is where they send people to die.
This is where they send them after they die.
I just want to say it remains.
I would like to see that Jamaican or Haitian lady they called right before me.
I'd like to see her work a Friday night when the bar is closed at a restaurant and wait tables.
Oh she said yeah it's a piece of cake. See she's very like I said an imperialist Jamaican bitch.
Yeah. Everybody else is uh yeah and she works for a cable company but she sits on her ass all day.
Yeah. She's not out there pulling the cables.
Oh no. She's not pulling anything.
Yeah.
She's not pulling her weight.
Exactly. She probably couldn't pull her weight.
Have a great day.
877-785-0 lets you out of town the Tull Free Line which next week will be for the entire
universe. You wait and see the bill we're going to run upstart next week boy.
Make his eyes bulge out of his head.
Can't wait. He'll have Sam I just.
Here's a call from Park City Utah. Hello.
Hello there.
Yes sir.
I just uh I'm going to keep this brief because I'm paying for the call.
I see that.
I used to listen to you when I was going to college back in 86.
Right.
In Fort Lauderdale I was glad to see that you're still on the air.
Still here.
I can still listen to you and uh still fighting the good fight.
That's good.
Scaring the straight.
I like that.
Right.
All right I just wanted to say hi and uh I love you and I'm going to be listening.
God bless you pal.
And don't forget we'll have that Tull Free Line for you next week you can use it.
Great.
All right.
Thank you.
See you.
Fine we're scaring the crap out of those straight guys.
I'll tell you that they run like a son of a bitch when they see me coming.
They run like oh that's bad.
Yeah too bad.
Too bad.
Still move pretty good for an old bag.
I'll tell you that.
5670-560-0505-60 just asked uh what's his name Jacob.
Boy he ran like a bad out of hell out of that sawgrass won't see him for months now
till hockey Dave brings him back.
Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes man.
Oh about the list area.
That gentleman who called before didn't tell you really too much about how you get it.
Yeah.
And the most common way of getting it is from untafturized milk products.
Yeah.
Fediches, breachies.
Oh I hate those.
But this was supposedly what they said was in these hot dogs maybe.
Only if it was uncooked.
You didn't eat it raw did you?
Sometimes.
Uh we should do that.
Well why not there are hot dogs are already precooked.
Um yes they are.
Yeah they are but they still can't carry it.
Lunch meat can also.
Oh really?
Yeah I like a nice weaner uncooked once in a while here's this neck.
And I'm sure I did eat one of them raw.
Yeah well you shouldn't do that because you can get mysterious.
But it's a very mild mild bacteria and a healthy person.
Oh I'm as healthy as a horse.
Yeah usually the people who get it are are infants who got it from their mothers.
Incess?
Yeah.
Get it from incest?
No.
They get it when the mother will eat something like breachies or fetiches.
Yeah.
Get a mild case of this it'll just feel like the flu.
And the baby can be still born or born with it.
And those are the types of persons who get meningitis and trauma and etc.
Like an adult like a good healthy guy like me wouldn't get that.
Would not get it.
No a person maybe with HIV, um an infant but mostly it's fatal to newborn babies.
And very old people.
And very very old people are people who have a problem with their immune system.
Might have diabetes.
That's a need to bring that out.
I wouldn't do it.
No.
No.
I feel better now.
Okay.
Thanks.
No more raw we need for this kid.
Okay.
Thanks.
Bye bye.
But I thought hot dogs were always precooked.
I don't think there was any problems to be but.
Oh no.
Don't tell me supposed to be hot dogs are that you buy in a package are precooked.
That need isn't raw.
I know.
You think that I would eat it raw?
There's still might be some funk in there.
And what about the hot dog?
5670560 pound 560.
Now she said what is it?
Look, fear is within the L.
That's what she said.
Well, that's what the other guy said too.
I think I thought that well, Al sunshine.
He's a little bit anyway.
He said, was theory.
I don't know.
He can't speak.
He's got Tom Broca of the.
Maybe it was mysterious.
And I could have been it.
So anyway, I got this crud man.
And like I said a lot of you people are sick a lot of time.
Sometimes it drags on for a long period of time weeks and months.
And you think, oh boy, this was a bad case of the flu.
It wasn't the flu.
You ate something crap because they're feeding us poison.
They're killing us, man.
They're killing us over here.
Just like every now and then just out of the blue.
All we had five people die from E. coli disease today
at Jacketabox.
Oh, that's good.
Great.
Now she's got a good point though because they are
we're hearing a lot more about that.
Always make sure you heat your meat.
Make sure it's up there to a serious temperature
before you start to pop in it in your pus.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil Guy.
Yes sir.
Hey, did you happen to see the scum Sentinel lifestyle section
8E where this wonderful girl last week wrote the
scathing letter about how disgusting it is.
Yes I did.
I read the three letters that they had in there.
Which the first letter is very good by the way.
The first letter is great.
The next one is the best.
The fruit salad of a state.
Oh, did you see that?
Well, I got to rekindle my memory.
Oh man, you got to see it.
It's the best, Neil.
8E.
8E.
I got it in my hand right now.
And the paper.
Right.
Okay, let's see.
That was the letter I read on the ear by the way.
It's Lorda's peritizer swamp that the young girl is getting out
of here in a few months.
She was a genius.
Oh yeah, this Leslie Sulla from Tamarack.
I like the last paragraph in her.
She says always remember the best thing about Florida
is seeing it in your rearview mirror.
I was going Leslie.
I was going Tamarack.
She's on top of it.
But the fruit salad letter is the best.
Yeah, I'll read it.
Thank you.
Please, Neil.
Thank you for reminding me.
The audience will love it.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, having lived all over the country
and in Europe due to my husband being in the Navy,
I really appreciate the privilege of living in South Florida.
This is from Barbara Montgomery
and prestigious Pember Pines.
People have risked their lives to come here
from the poorer countries to make a better life for themselves
and their family.
We are a wonderful fruit salad of people here
from many of the states as well as overseas.
Yeah.
I don't know if you were being funny or serious
about your article of paradise.
If you met it, you should move away as you'll never
contribute anything to making our area a better place.
You are evidently young and have much to learn.
If you're not happy within yourself,
you'll never be happy anywhere.
Tolerance comes with maturity.
Oh, Barbara must be 110.
She must be related to Kathy.
What's your name in Hollywood?
And just, yes.
Those I know who have read your article
found it offensive to insult
where they have come to call home.
I hope you find your paradise.
And maybe on a desert island
where you won't have to put up with everyday problems
and people.
South Florida is growing so fast
that it has growing pains.
But most of us are here to help it grow
instead of complaining.
Right?
Barbara Montgomery in Pember of Pines.
It's a fruit.
Eeeeee.
Salad, baby.
Maybe you are.
Who is?
You is.
A fruit salad.
Yeah.
I got some fruit salad for you here, sweetheart.
Free-tasted.
God.
The girl was telling like it is.
She said it exactly the way it is.
Okay.
Probably Barbara in Pember of Pines
is 172 years old.
And she's one of the old parts
that's making miserable for that girl
I want you to get out of here.
And for me and for everybody else
and for the people I want to go more than 10 miles an hour.
It's our time, sonny.
It's our time.
He'll get out of our way.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you hear of Interours Out?
Interours Out of the Running.
He was never in the running.
Well, he just made it official kind of.
He just said it on news.
He was never in the running.
How could he be out if he's not in?
How could he get it out if he never put it in?
Yeah, you're right.
But he said, um, well, I've got exactly the words you used.
But he said he's not going to even attempt to run or whatever.
If you said to me, he's out of the reform party
because he's embarrassed with Pat Buchanan
and when all he's the scumbags in the circus,
then I would have more respect.
I would renew my respectfully here.
Yeah, I think that's what I'm trying to say.
I just, in his honor,
may I request to join today?
Okay, but is that what he said that he's out of the reform party?
Yeah, he's not going to be involved.
I just saw an NSNBC.
Are you sure?
I am sure.
Okay, thanks, sir.
Do you believe it, George?
No.
Oh.
Well, you know what they say?
A little bit of information is very dangerous.
But this guy means, well, he wants to smoke some more.
Could we?
And he likes Jesse for that?
And I commend him.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, ma.
That's right.
He wants to smoke some of that evil weed.
That evil marriage or we need.
That you have to wait until you're going to go to death row.
And then maybe you can smoke a joint,
but if you do, they'll find traces in your blood
and write about it in the goddamn newspapers all over the world.
This shows you how immature, how childish America is,
that our newspapers have got room to put a story
about a man who they sent to die,
who died on death row, who was executed,
and was on death row for 22 freaking years
as much of a murdering scumbag as he was.
And after he's executed, they do the test day,
which I have no idea why they do that.
And they find traces of marijuana in his blood.
Oh, God.
Only in America, baby.
Here's the plantation.
Hello.
Yes, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have you spoken about the Yankees at all today?
About the Yankees one.
The Yankees winning, you know, the...
What is there to say about it?
Well, I just wanted to say I've been watching how they,
they're talking about how this is such a great team
and, you know, the best team in this,
you know, one of the best teams in the century.
Well, no, they're not.
Well, I mean, that's what they, that's what they are saying on TV, you know.
Well, I understand it, but you couldn't say any team
that exists today is one of the best teams in the century
because you have all these expansion teams
and the quality of play is so watered down and diluted
that anybody who would make such a statement
is irresponsible and elunatic.
Right, right.
Well, what bothers me about it is...
And especially when you see, for example,
the non-catch that was made by Brian Jordan there
and right, feel on an easy fly ball.
And non-catch that was made by Ozzy Gheon at Chort Stop
on David Cohen's little blooper there in the infield
with a bassist loaded.
When you see these kind of plays being made by minor league players
who are called major leaders,
anybody would compare this Yankee team
to like 1927
or the Yankee teams of the 40s and 50s has to be a maniac.
Right, well, I mean, that's Atlanta that made those errors.
Not the Yankees.
I understand that, but the Yankees
have got plenty of marginal guys out there too.
Right, well, what bothers me is that, you know,
from New York originally and just...
They're trying to make this an exciting series
and exciting game and...
No, no, they're not.
No, the fact that the proof and the pudding
is that almost nobody is talking about that
or even that the Yankees won the series and swept it,
they're all still talking about Jim Gray and Pete Rose.
Right, right.
And what I feel is that, you know,
I don't know where these guys come from nowadays.
These players, but they almost come from the Isle of Blan.
Yeah.
Because it's almost like you're watching...
It's almost like you're watching a corporation.
These guys...
There's no personality.
One guy that had personality in the series, John Rocker.
His coach is saying we have to get rid of him.
He was great.
Yeah.
He said that...
He said, hey, you know, F.
F.
To the New Yorkers.
You know, he was really into it.
He would be great in New York.
Right.
He had some enthusiasm, some spirit.
Some of the things.
It's like if you have enthusiasm and spirit,
they put you down.
What happened?
You're absolutely happy.
That one happened.
But if the Yankees are boring,
every year we're playing that series.
What happened to Tom McCraw?
What happened?
Even Steinbredder has gotten his turn into him
with the sit in there.
You know, what happened to Tom McCraw?
What happened to Billy Martin?
To Reggie Jackson?
Right.
When it was all full, you know, like with tennis,
it's the same thing.
I see it in baseball.
These guys have...
They just...
They're in the back.
Are you rooting for them?
The best example of that is...
Are they the...
Are they the...
Are they the best?
Are they the best?
The best example is Tiger Woods.
Tiger Woods.
He's just a walking money machine.
Yeah.
They're like...
He's got the personality of a dead man.
I think they go to bland school.
Yeah.
How they can't say anything.
Well, that's fine.
So let's find out more important things
like real life, okay?
Sounds good.
5,6705,650,
pound 560 on the AT&T line.
877785,
Nealon at the statewide line.
Soon to be a worldwide line, we pray.
Four minutes to 1 at QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Now what do you think we are?
I guess we're starting today.
So why are you two out there?
Okay, now what do that guy want?
And what I spoke to, joins.
Well, I got caught up behind here
because I got this thing here.
Maybe I ought to read this first.
Because you were right.
He jumped the gun.
Reform party candidate Jesse
or a Reform party governor, Jesse
Ventura, every spot I went to,
the latest report to this
flirtation with the president
and to go with the resounding no unless.
I said that I'm running in that I won't run.
And they said to me, well, what if that means
saving a third party movement?
And I said, if indeed it got to that point,
it would require the people in the sort of command to say,
it's okay, governor, for you to run for president.
And then he didn't quit the Reform party.
And he didn't absolutely say it.
And he still, you know.
But he said go ahead and then light up.
But he said, well, he got it wrong.
He jumped the gun.
Go ahead and light up.
And we'll stick your hands on death rolls
and we'll just flush them.
And then...
I spoke to you, joins.
Jesse, morning.
Oh!
I spoke to you, joins.
That day.
All right.
I spoke to you, joins.
Jesse, after you.
It's making it feel all right.
I spoke to you, joins.
That time of year.
And through this time of year.
Oh!
I spoke to you, joins.
Before I spoke to you, joins.
And then I dropped you off.
Oh, my daddy, he won't stop me.
He's turned to be hardworking man.
My mama, she won't stop me.
She'll use you even if you can.
I said, one day, I met Emma.
She came for me and said,
thank you, everybody.
Hard work, good.
And hard work, fine.
But take care of her.
So now, I spoke to you, joins.
When I get up.
In the car, I spoke to you, joins.
I spoke to you, joins.
When I believe you, okay.
And at every 10,000 points, I spoke to you, join.
I spoke to you, join.
And then I spoke to you, join.
M-OK
Oh, he's fine.
Come on, Mike.
One, two, three.
I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing something, I'm doing
I'm doing something, I'm doing some really awful stuff with these popefs. I'm doing something, I'm doing types of
Oh, no, no, Kelly.
105 at 5.60 WDQAM.
Here's a call from a place where they really know the meaning of the word old.
Kate Coral, hello.
Hey, Neil, I'm the only living and breathing person under 110 in Kate Coral.
Oh, right.
Hey, third time caller, first time diabetic.
Just found out about nine weeks ago.
Really?
I was a whopping 386.
Your blood sugar was 386?
Yes, sir.
Nine weeks ago, now.
Explain something to me.
Yes.
It went down like back to normal on about eight weeks.
Is it possible just to have high blood sugar dose and not be a diabetic?
In other words, the doctor now still got me on the crap, all the crap.
Well, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Okay.
Are you taking something for us?
Yeah, a glucopus.
Yeah.
Well, that's great.
That's good stuff.
Well, the fact that it went down to normal is only because you're taking the drug.
You can't stop taking it.
There's no such thing.
You only have to diabetic for a rest of your life.
Yeah, but you can also do the adkins diet, which you're doing some other low carb diet.
Let's keep your blood sugar way down, and then you can stop taking the drugs if you keep...
You do check your own, right?
Yeah, I did that.
And then I had another question.
I did that, and I lost 23 pounds.
Well, there you go.
Within a week, then I went back down to normal, which was great.
Right.
And she told me, hey, where you lose another 10 pounds, my doctor, that is.
And I'll take the album medication altogether.
Yeah, but you've got to be careful and not to...
Not to go back to eating the crappy work before, because you still have the tendency to be diabetic,
and your blood sugar will skyrocket again.
Even though I mean, I can have a little play to pause to now and then.
No, but keep checking.
Don't get careless with it, because that's what I did 10 years ago, and had a minor stroke,
and you just can't...
You've got to pay attention to it.
You can't mess with it.
There's no...
It's like being a little bit pregnant.
There's no such thing as a former diabetic.
Right.
You always can't go.
I'm going to have the tendency all your life, but if you lose the weight,
and if you eat the right things, then you can get off the medication.
Right.
And that's what she's telling me now.
I haven't taken...
Because my blood sugar was great, I'm reading 86, 82.
Excellent.
She's telling me, well, I just stopped the medication on my own,
but she's got me instead of the pills once a day.
Now she has me on play today, and I'm back to normal.
I say, what the hell?
What's the sense of this when I'm back on?
You have to figure it out for yourself.
This is the kind of thing you know better than she does.
You have to measure it yourself, and you know, prick the finger into the thing,
and then see how it goes.
Yeah, I'm prickin' it.
I'm prickin' it twice a day, and here, and they still want to bring you
to do the three-month thing.
What's that all about?
I mean, if you're looking at your book once a day,
why did they go back and check for every three months?
Because they want your money.
I actually understand that.
Or your insurance money.
Somebody's money.
Okay, now thanks a lot for the rest of your time.
We just stay on top of it, pal.
Hey, you got it.
I'll do it, and I'll roll a big fat one for you and Jesse.
All right.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, Jesse says he's not runnin' but a me, but a both-but a you.
They always say that.
Maybe he's just, maybe he's that whole Donald Trump thing.
Maybe that's just a facade.
You know, I'm hoping for that.
And maybe he's hoping that the whole thing blows up in everybody's face,
and then a few months, like in the middle of the next summer,
he says, okay, you're all desperate, now I'll jump in like I did in Minnesota.
And we'll all say, okay, except of course for religious nuts.
Like George W. and his crowd.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I was a way to 20 years ago when you made a buck 50.
I don't think they make much more today.
Two ten.
Two ten.
And the worst tip is with a southern blocks.
They come in with a table of eight, hundred dollar bill,
and barely leave 50 cents a person, maybe.
Isn't that nice?
So we added 50 percent on the bill.
This is 79 Atlantic City, the only three casinos at the time.
And it was just incredible.
People come from all now and they knew what to do.
Sometimes.
Southern blacks.
Southern blacks.
Unbelieveable.
Like Miami.
And, uh, percent.
Like Miami beats like a Taitonis.
Just like a Taitonis.
Now he's going to sue.
What is he going to get out of it?
What is this guy looking for?
I mean, could he get money for that?
First of all, the fact that he called 911 when he left the recall of the police,
and then he got his lawyer on his side right away,
looks to me like he's looking for something.
You know, I can't read his mind, but it doesn't look too kosher to me.
No, I was saying, well, I mean, what is he going to be tied?
What is his name is?
If it were me, what I would do is I would need there again, that's all.
Absolutely.
I mean, I might go to the media and make a big think about it and try to give him some bad publicity.
But when study starts suing, suing for what?
Does he want to go back there again?
Now I don't think so.
No.
You know, no, another thing.
I just wanted to mention about the chopped meat, you know,
these big processing plants.
Oh, boy.
Don't they make that mostly for like the fast food restaurants or the Sam's clubs?
Because when you go to publics.
No.
Because publics grind their own.
Well, to me too.
But they, you know, you know, the publics, I thought grinds their own chopped meat.
Yeah.
And it's not from these big processing plants.
Oh, good.
I'm going to publics to get some meat right after this show.
Yeah.
And I think they have like a regional place they cut the steaks and those those come in daily.
But it's still pretty safe there.
And one last thing on the 800 number thing.
Yes.
I have one for my business.
My 800 number is only a national number.
I can't receive calls from Canada.
There's two different kinds of, there's different services.
Yeah.
So just because you have an 800 number, you know, people can't call you from all over the world.
Well, we better get Toronto right now.
I'm going to be pissed.
There you go.
Okay. Thanks.
Yeah.
I'm going to go to publics and get a whole bunch of meat when I get out of your day.
I'm going to go home and just stand.
I'm going to cook it real, real good.
Okay.
I don't want no more raw meat.
I can't believe that woman told me that about raw weenies.
I've eaten raw hot dogs all my life.
It's a, you know, don't you?
Am I doing them on a eat raw dog?
Sure.
Yeah.
It's a good snack.
That's for a while.
That's for a long time.
But I used to like that a lot.
Yeah.
What's wrong with a raw weenie?
I mean, we don't have to get it too hot.
It's 11 after 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
Holy macken on.
This is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Hey, don't, hey, don't.
Right night come and I won't go home.
Chocolate, pudding, but cut pills.
Right night come and we won't go home.
Sweet side mom, it can kill.
Right night come and we won't go home.
Hey, Mr. Corridor, tell me of the body.
Right night come and we won't go home.
We say, hey, Mr. Corridor, tell me of the body.
Right night come and we won't go home.
Six men, seven men, eight men, dance.
Right night come and we won't go home.
Six men, seven men, eight men, dance.
Right night come and we won't go home.
Hey, Mr. Corridor, right night come and we won't go home.
Hey, Mr. Corridor, right night come and we won't go home.
A few deeper bunch of purple shots.
Right night come and we won't go home.
Sweet defaert rich in declines.
Right night come and we won't go home.
Six men, seven men, eight men, dance.
Right night come and we won't go home.
Six men, seven men, eight men, dance.
All right night come and we want to go home.
Yeah, right.
Right.
That's where I do make it lady.
That's that's the banana boat song.
I like to lip some music and a lot of course most of the music from the Caribbean now is a drug related.
Can we say that?
You know like Bob Marlin.
Yeah, of course Bob Marlin and feelings are good no more but nevertheless.
And that would have told about Gonja this.
Gonja that.
I heard when he died they found traces of marijuana and his.
Your.
School.
Anyway, of course after you die, I wonder why they do test your stool but nevertheless.
Maybe to see where you've been sitting.
Anyway, here's let me read it again from Tom Jicke's call.
Now I keep reading this and it's such a major suck job.
If they were going to put a thing on the door this morning, they should have had Tom Jicke.
Yeah.
Edministering oral whatever to me is not not bluff Lindsay.
Although if I had to choose between the two, I'd blow my brains up but nevertheless.
Oh, what I thought that is.
Of course a little time down there.
You know on the floor on his hands and knees.
With his ball spots staring me in the plus.
Of course the bluff has got a ball spot too.
You notice that?
Or you never look that close?
He says with almost all the major sports franchises in South Florida locked up WQM has got a stranglehold on the format.
It's serendipity.
You see, I hate to admit this.
I don't know what that word means.
Even a great linguist like yours truly.
That's not a word that I use.
I know the serendipity singers but it's not a word that I really ever anybody taught me what it meant.
You know what it means?
Mr.
It was on a vocabulary test.
But you don't know what it means.
Oh, see, I feel so much better because George being the great intellectual that he is.
Hard to aspect but nevertheless.
Also doesn't know what it means.
So maybe somebody because we don't have a dictionary here.
We can't afford one.
No, there's no dictionary.
Whether we got the music and cyclopedias and movie guides and all that stuff.
We don't have no one cyclopedias.
My guess is that it's something like a like harmony or like a natural.
It is serendipity that WQM also has the market's dominant personality.
Neal Rogers.
Without Rogers overwhelming audience shares which are triple and quadruple.
What the station does the rest of the day.
It's target demographics.
WQM would slide a few notches further down the list.
How do you like that?
That Tom Jicke.
And of course it's coming to about the just heavy rain that we had with Hurricane Irene.
We're totally out.
You know Tom when you do a good job I'll tell you.
I just call it like it is.
I like you.
You're a good guy.
But so often you're so full of crap and you miss stories completely which I can't forgive you for.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
Is gone.
After half hour wait.
33 minutes and 11 seconds.
What is she?
What is it?
I want to make sure because they waited a half an hour.
I don't want to cut them off of them.
They're not there.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, yes sir.
Hey, I know you don't drink alcohol when you go out to restaurants.
I don't think alcohol periods.
But do you think most waiters and waiters expect to be left at least 15% when like half of a $300 bill is like $150 for the wine?
What does it make?
Well it doesn't take any talent to open a bottle of wine.
Does it?
So in other words you're going to leave a tip based on whether they did the stupid petrics or a magic tip at the table.
You leave it based on the total tab.
Not what it was for in addition to which how could a $300 tab have it be for a while unless you bought a very expensive bottle of wine?
Right, definitely.
And if you got the kind of money you can afford to buy a $150 bottle of wine that what are you ambition about a tip for?
I'm just asking you know what I don't know.
They're entitled to their 20%.
So you get the full load on the whole nut, huh?
The full load on the nut.
Okay, how about government of the law with men?
Thank God, huh?
Yeah, let's get them baby.
They are the rest.
Just when they thought they were out they pulled them back in.
And you know here we are asked about the electric chair Saudi Arabia 96 people beheaded is here.
Yeah.
System Mary Catherine.
Jesus.
Okay 567-0560, 05-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
As we continue for the search for the definition of serendipity.
Anybody tell you what I mean?
Nobody call to say that it was luck, but that doesn't sound right.
That's not what I recall.
Oh, that would be good.
That would be great.
Yeah, but that would make sense to the serendipity.
Right.
And the lucky yeah, if you ever heard that song you'd agree.
Uh uh, watch the rain fall down your pants.
Whatever that song was.
Oh, by the way, was there Randy Molor thing they were playing this morning on the worst team about the bananas in his pants?
You're a Randy Molor said it's on the hockey broadcast last night.
A nice boy from Red Deer, Alberta, Canada.
And he says.
I thought that was grotesque Randy totally I'm called for.
In addition to which by the way, Pavell Burrey's got five goals on the season two in the game last night.
Randy kept coming under between periods and saying always got his second goal of the season.
No, Randy of the evening is what you meant.
I think he said it about 45 times just before he said.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes.
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
I'm doing good.
It's me again.
I want to be a regular on your show.
Who are you?
Well, I called you and I requested a shameless request.
The Rambo one.
Yeah.
Remember now?
Yeah.
Okay.
Listen, I know I can go to the newspaper and get this information but I much rather ask you.
When's the next Panther game?
The next home game?
Yeah.
November 10th against Atlanta.
Okay, thanks.
It's Friday.
It's Friday.
I'll be in my spot.
All right.
I dropped you.
I'll watch you.
I'll see you there.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Woo!
One of yours.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the 8th.
Yeah, we got to mend our fences with those fix.
I mean, with our human friends out there because we're down to about 5 points.
I would flip down the ladder there.
Sparks as we're going big time.
Although, you know, this is very depressing to me.
You heard about you, Southern Black guys.
Folks, you know, that you can drive all them away too.
No, I'm not.
Hard at.
No, they got a sense of humor.
And they don't even care.
See, it's one thing.
Like, you know, don't tip the honky.
That's the right attitude.
Tip the turd.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
But don't tip the cracker.
And don't tip the suit because it might get on your pants.
Yeah, this guy just asked me about a bottle of wine.
I don't care what it is.
If you can afford, see it's based on what you can afford.
If you've been afforded to go on by a $400 meal,
then leaving $80 bucks,
shouldn't be any problem to you.
I go into Ruth's Gris, like the day that I took all you schmucks in there.
Nine people in there.
What was the tab that they?
$500 bucks, something like that?
Yeah.
I left $100.
That's 20%.
I can afford it.
Can I afford it?
I've got your sweet ass.
I can afford it.
In addition to which, my bag, I mean,
my friend over there at the, uh, with the waiter there.
Oh, he didn't wait on this that day.
I might have had a straight waiter that day.
I want some of it back.
And then he went to service.
It was great.
The service always is great over there.
The food is great.
The service is great.
What's not to like?
So when are we going to Shulas?
Who said we're going to Shulas?
So remember, we were going to compare.
Why don't you go over there and let me know now that we, uh,
treated you with Ruth's Chris.
Why don't you have Hank take you to Shulas?
I've remembered taking me for that.
I don't want to go to Shulas.
I don't want to go to a place where a guy who played golf for almost 40 years.
Every time I hear that spot, I've been playing golf for almost 40 years.
You know, the first thing that comes to mind every time he says that?
Why?
Yeah. Why have you been playing golf for almost 40 years, Don?
Are you a golfer?
I mean, is that your bag?
No.
No.
I've been playing golf for almost 40 years.
Maybe because he's boring.
Maybe that's the problem.
I just don't understand that.
I mean, they're nice people that play golf.
Like Ray Whitney is the place golf.
There's one of my favorite people in the world.
They're probably already on the way to Buffalo.
Great guy.
You don't want to say anything bad about any of those hockey players.
I'll say that right now.
They could crush you with a guy with a, with a, with a, with their pinky.
They could crush, I'm telling you.
Talk about your match, I mean, they're the greatest athletes in the world.
I'd like to have somebody debate me on that.
Okay.
Who are the greatest athletes in the world are the greatest condition people ever see those hockey players naked baby?
Wow.
They got muscles in places where it's illegal.
Those are your athletes.
Not these big 350 pounds slabs these linens who are supposedly athletes football players.
They're just big fat pigs.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Seren Deppettus.
Yes?
Discovering something that is beneficial or pleasant purely by accident.
Aha.
Excellent.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
How do you like that?
I love it.
Thank you, Tom.
Tom's back on my A list.
Okay.
I love Tom, Jack.
Is he my favorite person in the world?
Yes.
Like penicillin.
What do you mean by that?
Seren Deppettus.
He discovered it by accident.
There's some mold.
He was going to throw it out.
But then he stuck it under the microscope.
That guy.
What guy?
Louis Pasteur.
Yeah, that's one.
He said, Oh, this is yucky.
But wait, let me look at it first.
And hey, you know it's pretty good.
Well, I'm allergic to it.
That's those crew him.
26 after one is 560 WDQM.
How do you like that?
In other words, they fell into a bucket of crap is what Tom's trying to say.
Just a lucky accident.
They fell into a bunch of by bringing me over here.
And like Greg Reed said,
come out of the toilet the other day after take a real smelly crap in there.
Says, Oh yeah.
you know people think it's easy to get ratings we never had any ratings until we
brought you over here how do you like that and of course it was somebody knew
something about radio I would have taken that as a high compliment but it was
from Greg so I you know I just kind of said yeah yeah where you fudge back
him
you know
you know
where everybody hate the sight of your face you and it's not a happy place
it's a sink and think this great you and it's not a happy place
God's worshipers who love OJ back sad thing
reprope the equipment always great
it's a hot and swarming place U.S. and it's not a happy place
a real depressing place U.A. and it's not a happy place
131 and 5.50 W.D. Q.A.M. so here's a facts from one of our listeners
all first years of facts from Abraham L. who must have been the guy to call
yesterday asked me about the tytonics because he says boy did I f up but
anyway says I want to invite you to tytonies for Martin Luther Coooday dinner
my treater course
maybe they'll have a Martin Luther Cooons special do you want to play that I
don't want to play it I mean how could it be libel? I mean the guy admitted it
no he did not no he did not he did not he did and his one of his
scarcer employer employees was on her yesterday saying he didn't admit her
tonight because he was out of town he's not coming back to late tonight
oh I thought he wanted a part of the employer was saying he's never a mean
bone in his body or he don't have a bone or something like that or they
thrown him a bone I don't know no I don't want to play that I believe in using a
little bit of judgment okay and I think it's actionable and if they want to
go ahead and soup power 96 that's their business I'm not playing it over here
all Greg Reed said well they're playing it over there of course I know I'm
always going to check with him you know to see if we should play something not
am I going to check with him no he'd be the last person I'd ask so if
somebody faxes us from the Webster dictionary so it must be marginally
correct the definition of serendipity the etymology of the word from its
possession by the heroes of the Persian fairy tale the three princes of serendip
date 1754
meaning the faculty or phenomenon are finding valuable or agreeable things not
sought for in other words following into a bucket of crap which is what I
said how do you like that so in other words it was just blind luck that with all
this other sports nerd stuff they put on the air that's got marginal numbers
that they fell into a bucket of crap with they got these gigantic numbers that
are three and four times the rest of the number the rest of the day which is
why some of those people from the morning show are acting like a bunch of
little children they're very upset starting act like the PD now they're drawn
pictures of them and whining and crying like him too you know I was taken
here before during that last break how many friends do we really have on it
morning show you know Tommy Tommy's our buddy anybody else no anybody else
connected with that morning show that likes us no there really is our ally no
on our side no that we could trust no that we give a sharp instrument to if we
were around no no can you name me one I'm a seared scratch in your head and your
holding who is the goldstein are you serious he's not slimy off the air
he's a good guy what what do you mean that well I think he's a good guy but I
don't I just he's just doing his best he's just trying to make a lizard I'm not
talking about his performance on the air you know I mean I'm not talking about
that I'm just talking about his relationship with us now he and I have been
getting along very well lately but nevertheless I don't I just you know it's a
short term thing I get along with Joe all right Joe Rose yeah I mean he seems
pretty safe and innocuous is he on our side I think we could count on him is he
one of us if he came to a fight he does how about that chigger in a wood pile
well he's on the fence always has been five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty how about your best friend Donnie B what about him no what about that
Mr. Happiness there Robert Gryper no no don't trust him here's Fort Lauderdale
hello Fort Lauderdale hello yes sir yeah when I talk about the tipping issue that
you've been bringing up with yes sir these people have no idea what they're
doing none what do you mean well I work in the industry and they have no idea
especially these South Americans that come in they got millions of dollars
and they leave you five to eight percent tip it's unbelievable then you got
these you know raggum muffins that were just on the phone and that sitting in
front of a computer terminal is harder work than running around right people oh
she was out of control I told you she was an arrogant to make him bitch oh
they're all bitches they're unbelievable they come in and they ran and they
run you around they ask you for this they ask you for that and then they leave
you you know five bucks on a sixty dollar check unacceptable unconscionable
unacceptable they should throw them all out in fact what should be done for
people to do that instead of this tytony thing where he stamps the thing on
the check what should be done is this you should have like a card you have
pre-printed card saying you know we appreciate your patrons the one time but
your behavior in in terms of a lack of appreciation of the service and leaving
an unacceptable tip of gratuity whatever you want to say don't come back again
absolutely agree excellent thanks for our good luck pal yeah the people are
working a service industry waiting on you bastards man I mean sure there's
some of more assholes but that's true in any business okay most of them work
their asses off in addition to which just just stop and think of how demeaning
it is to have to wait I couldn't do it I could never do it oh it was bad
enough waiting on people in the store when I was a kid and worked in my father's
store part-time like in the summer and so on even that I wasn't crazy about
but having to go and wait on people and stand there in the cater to their
whims and oh well this isn't just right and that is and of course guess what
speaking of the cook if something's wrong with the order if the meal comes out
as exactly the way they wanted or they're not real happy with it does the cook
taking away no the waiter the waitress takes the crap and sometimes very
vehemently so and I mean did the waiter cook it no waitress did she cook it no
but they're ones are gonna have to take the heat for it a lot of abuse and I just
don't think I this guy's right I don't think too many people really appreciate
what kind of a job it is and how much they should show their appreciation for
good service you know because I guess people figure if they're gonna spend a
few bucks of their own money that they should expect automatically that
somebody should be subsurvy into them you know what I say to that that's what I
say to that I wouldn't do that man for all the money in China wait on people and
demean myself and lower myself like being a butler or made give me this give me
that do me this do me that do you okay and then stiff them to top it all off like
like you know rubbing salt in their womb five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty on the AT&T wireless line 22 till two we got Hank at flag today we
got Hank with Vino five to six her cool hotline six to eight and World Series
Game number five has been canceled because of lack of need because the
Yankees one four three that's what it says on here moves your eight to a 10
head cap on after that the gambling show suck it in and hold it
yes it's a piece of shit yes but you get it the piece of shit
because you do it is a piece of shit the rich oil plant has a golden
junky but he's running to one all that can't pay money he's gonna give us
breath about people going hungry it's no confusing with the facts
we can't wait your rap sheet it's just a severe we look in all over and it's
fill a here hey Georgie junior what did your rap sheet go are you afraid that
will find out that you did well you were average college kid a trucking party
hope and you can teach what possession of drugs but all things like you you can hire
let's just, do
the
uh...
don't forget to uh... to the
it's uh... one forty five and five sixty two and many of us take us today
late profuse apology to my friend Carol over center one
i didn't understand this because uh... i just didn't really carefully enough and
it's my fault i made a mistake that possible
pizza lot on uh... to the night we raised thirty nine hundred eight years so
when she said almost four grand we were right on the edge of it
and at the bottom she just put an asterisk to compare
pizza lot last year
we raised twenty six hundred fifteen bucks
so we got raised thirteen hundred dollars more
at pizza lot for this year than we last year nice going to thank you
sorry Carol
even though you're still a little
lack of but nevertheless i can understand
so here's the uh... on by the way speaking of the key chains all of our stuff
now here's the deal
the best of the LCDs and cassettes are at specs including over and four
mires all over uh... they brought in pomegranate and four mires
the key chains the ones that do the stuff the noises
are not at specs and the only reason that they're not caring because they're
small and they're easy to steal and they just didn't have a
rereasonable way that they could stock them okay keep track of
so you can get those directly through center one you get them from our website
new round you dot com in order off of their or you can call center one uh... eight
hundred number they got a toll free number eight hundred three three nine twenty eight
fifteen
three three nine twenty eight fifteen and also with our appearances which will
have an appearance sometime in november if our sales department ever gets
something more they're bad they are really bad same deal for the t-shirts by
the way
i signed to them the other i don't think i thought the t-shirt we were going to do
the same thing as the pictures of the cd
with me where the the nilal popin all i thought that's it
uh... that's why we only sold to but nevertheless t-shirts also the same deal
not at specs so somebody faxes me which i thank you for but with a heavy heart
here's the obituary of my good friend tom shaper he was the news director
ws news
worked with tom press get robinson steve daily
those are the is one thing i'll have all you allos rantell
steve came back when he was on a station that somebody could hear still
have any ratings
but anyway i can't some bad facts so i can't really read it it said he was uh...
i just can't read the damn thing
died in sun city irizoma
october fourteen
he was radio news director for twenty seven years before retiring in nineteen
eighty nine
sir the new west navy
was a radio coordinator for us i'll know that we were
it's at a minute so i'm tom shaper is dead and i said his wife
course long since divorced
he never would live this long believe me was any shaper it was human
human that any shaper yes
a certifiable person
here's lady in my any hello
yes man
i'm calling because i'm one of those underpaid and underappreciated wait
for us is out there well i appreciate and i wanted to thank you for sticking
up for us in the service business but
i do take issue with the fact that you're saying that our job is very demeaning
i mean because i've been doing this for thirty years and if it was at the
meaning you know how could i look at myself in the near yeah
and there are some assholes out there that that don't know the customs
there's people from other countries europe's out the america they really
a lot of them just don't really know the custom
and you know and they're really nice and everything and give them good service
and then they leave and they leave you a lousy tip but i don't really think a
lot of it is you know on purpose well europeans aren't permitted because it's
their custom to have that it's added on yeah
uh... but you know something before you visit anywhere
it's always a good idea to read a travel book and about what you know when
when in Rome do with the Romans do exactly right so you don't make an
answer to yourself exactly and sometimes you just have to
eat it i mean other people give you way over what they're supposed to give you
like twenty percent and up and it makes up for the bad you know
right but i appreciate you sticking up for us but you know i really don't find my
job that demeaning if i did i couldn't do it excellent okay sweetheart i'm on
your side okay thank you you got my twenty percent any day
well coming to see me i work in a new york deli okay okay
bye bye five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
tip the turret okay take care of these people and stuff and you southern black
people what the hell is wrong with you man
we took a pull these last two days and boy this Abraham guy he started he
opened up a goddamn hornet says didn't he even god never saw so many hornets
is this we have 42 million calls the last two days in the
overwhelming majority said that sparkes don't tip well
and then we have the Jamaican lady calling you try like to defend that
now we're just talking about americans farges what about Haitians
how about if you're like a waiter in a fine restaurant and a Haitian family walks
in the door what do you do
go out the back
huh color boss you're sick and you have to go home for a couple hours
i mean how how much more i guess Haitians most of them probably and this
isn't the put down of Haitians it's just that we don't have a lot of very
affluent Haitians in town doing no fact we don't have a lot of affluent black
people in the first place so what don't you people talking about
i think i think that if you're a black person that's got some serious
money you ought to be tipping pretty good you ought to kiss the ground that
you're not living over there in the overtown with some of the sluppers over
there who are just having a tough time scraping their way through eking out
with their 28 kids i mean what's the matter with you man
in addition to what you see now maybe it's maybe there's some more to what
that needs the eye because we do know that the uh... part of the culture with
the black community very homophobic and maybe the assume that especially
when it's a male waiter that most of the time the waiter's waiting on him and
he's a fact which is probably true and maybe they just don't want to give them
their tip maybe that meant be the problem they don't want to share their
tip with them
here's a mobile and port Saint Lucie hello
