Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Port Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560, toll free for date and broward, or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
No, no. Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
This portion of our show is brought to you by Boo Blue.
A little bit of you on each titty and we're talking of 40 W and they all knew Palm Ball because love and loneliness go hand in hand.
Remember Palm Ball, now back to our show.
The first day of the show.
One night in need of a screw.
My lord did hate.
My balls were blue and I hooked up and thought what about our three girls?
Yes.
I see five of trees and eighty-five.
I'll face the mosquito, but they're not mine.
And I think to myself, whatever we grow.
My hell, I've drink a lot and I'm feeling pretty high.
I've got to find a take of these.
I reach out with my hands and how do you do?
Really mean it.
You'll have to do through that.
That's the last time I guess that's all.
I want you at the dinner.
We know her mom.
Now I'm so happy.
What a bunch of people.
Yeah, I think you might just put up a big girl.
Welcome.
What about that forehead?
Notice how I used to sweat up a storm all the time.
I came in this morning and I got the brow art edition of the hero.
I didn't see that story.
I'm sitting here, minding my own business, picking my nose a little bit.
And Diffle comes in here, boy, I'm telling you.
I'm serious.
I say this, not out of disrespect.
I know it's never taken the right way.
Luke Shambi, he's on the top of the list.
Hank, he's right in there.
I know he's driving over to Tampa today.
Although he's doing a good job.
He's losing some weight.
He's smearin' olive oil on his parts wherever he's smearin' it.
And Diffle, he's gettin' right up there in that category.
You know what I'm talkin' about?
I wanna get porky about this, but for the looks of it, he says to me,
so you heard Sonny checked out.
I said, what?
He said it's on the front page of the sports section in the hero.
And of course, my hero, I get the brow art edition, which probably goes to bed about the,
you know, hours before the other one.
Sonny Hirsch, dead at 65.
I was just making a list of the people that I worked within this market
over the last 23 years who are dead.
We'll tell you a little bit.
Sonny was just a good guy, you know what I mean?
I don't wanna be one of those people that comes on a year and start.
You know, I was never close friends with Sonny Hirsch, but when I came to this market in 1976,
Sonny was the sports director.
And Chris Myers, who is now, what is he now on Fox, but he was on ESPN for a long time.
Chris was like his underling, his protege, his apprentice.
And Sonny, of course, at that time was doing this thing with the baby always.
I mean, minor league baseball team that he was very dedicated with and kept it going for a hell of a long time.
And he's just a good guy.
I mean, Sonny was just somebody you'd always expect to be around.
Then when I went over to IOD, Sonny was the sports director there.
And he was, you know, Sonny was always around.
27 years doing UM sports.
See, I don't wanna start making any accusations because I don't know the details.
I'll read you the story and, you know, I got a good facts here too, by the way.
You know, you people that wanna scream and yell about it.
There is absolutely, if you look on page 19a, they buried it.
I'm surprised they even put it in the herald because they pandered so much all the time.
Basically what they said is these kind of, for these kind of activities like the baseball game in Cuba,
they go on all the time.
These, you know, inter-national back and forth, we have all kinds of stuff that goes on.
People, the people, kind of activities between America and Cuba, forgetting about the governments.
It's not a controversy.
I don't care what John Henry says because they know he's pandering like crazy.
And I have nothing but contempt for him by the way for doing that.
All of a sudden, here, that he discovers that there's this ripple of, you know, a small segment of those same hysterical,
a few thousand old Cubans.
Pepe, pepe, pepe, pepe, Pucca Manista.
You know, it makes no difference.
It will change nothing.
And anybody who says that we don't know what poverty and desperation that people in Cuba live in because somebody's gonna go play a baseball game there Sunday.
Anybody who says that, he's an asshole, right?
And the fact here says, according to most of the listeners this morning, very few have said anything about sunny.
They seem to be more interested in a meaningless game with a Cuban baseball team.
The area is lost to great historical local radio voice in the sound of UM Sports.
I'm sorry to have him go age-shector.
Well, thank you, age-shector, for least carrying it up to the center to the facts and saying
something.
That's nice.
After the other guy's been on the air.
Well, let's see.
I've been here 23 years and sunny was already here.
So I have no idea how long he was on a KAT when I came here.
In fact, I have those old promotional pictures.
You've seen those from KAT with Craig Worthing is in there.
And Lynn Russell, who's now on the headline news for the last 100 years, and does a good
job too.
Nice going, Lynn.
Never gets any older either, by the way.
And who else was that?
Jim Alden.
They named a street after him.
He was on the morning show with Lynn Russell.
Pretty bad show.
And I was under a great Davey Gravy line was on a station at your service.
And the sunny was the sports director.
Joe Fried was the news director.
Joe Fried did for a long time now, by the way.
Chris Myers, like I said, was sunny as the underling.
And I realized that's a long time ago.
That's 23 years ago.
Some of you weren't even born then.
I was thinking to myself, you know, what are the events that have happened?
And I'll just read this part.
Joseph Gacchiogis said that he believed sunny died of natural causes, but that hasn't
been confirmed.
According to Miami-Dade police dispatch records, a call came in at 9 p.m. about a sick person
last night when fire rescue arrived at Hersh's Miami Lake apartment.
He refused CPR and he then died.
And that's all there is.
So if there's any more information about it, I haven't forgotten it yet.
So who knows?
Well, one of the things that I know that sunny suffered from for the last year and a half,
even though I have last time we saw him was the day that he was leaving.
Well, then he was in with a couple of times over at Chulis.
You know, he's been around.
But for the last year and a half, while we were screwing him in the back, I don't want
to mention any names over there at the Paxen and then Cleared Day.
It was really Cleared Channel.
I don't want to mention Pete Boulger, even though I know it will generate the Faxen
machine going again, because I was sitting here this morning.
I'm not a mean spirit.
It's by the radio thing.
This is stick.
It's a radio show.
I keep trying to tell people that I don't wish any bad to anybody.
Even people who have been rotten to me.
I don't wish him anything bad.
Life is too short.
But I'm thinking this morning if it had to be somebody that died prematurely, you know,
why couldn't it have been Pete Boulger?
What?
Huh?
See, George is letting out like, you know, hallelujah.
And orgasmic grunt.
Right.
Yeah, I mean, you know, again, I don't wish that, but I'm saying if somebody had to go,
I mean, here's a guy that was doing this job for 27 years.
And I'm not going to, I'm because somebody dies, I'm not going to lie to you.
I never thought something was a great sportscaster, but he was fine.
He did a good, you know, solid job.
He was there a year in and year out.
He was a part of the UM, part of the program, part of the university.
He was associated with UM sports.
He was fine.
Never stole a freight train, never bothered anybody.
Wasn't a mean vindictive guy.
He was just a low key easygoing guy that just about everybody liked.
And these people over there at Queer Channel, they had deep-sixed him on the UM sports long before.
They had a Lamont already knew it.
Of course, I'm, what do I say about my buddy Dave Lamont?
He's a good guy and I don't want him to feel too bad.
All I'm sure he does.
Any worse than he has to.
You know what I'm talking about, George?
Dave Lamont.
Yeah, I don't want him to.
Well, let me do the break.
No.
No, seriously, it's a difficult thing.
And I don't want to directly blame Pete Polder.
But like I said, if somebody had to die, Pete, and you know, take this personally.
I usually say don't take it personally.
Take it personally, because I mean it.
Because I've, you know, sat around and watched what you've done to people and lied and manipulated
and twisted and refused to tell people the truth.
And you know, it's one thing.
I know we all got to survive.
We got to make a living.
But Jesus Christ doesn't there have to be a limit somewhere?
Yes, God.
Have a little bit of rock money.
It's a little bit of compassion, a little bit of humanity somewhere.
Instead of just looking at the acid, every corporation that comes around and sticks its back to your face.
Oh, that's it?
Okay, shorten sweet.
Oh,
it's great.
Yeah,
it's great.
Yeah,
Yeah,
it's great.
it's great.
Yeah,
it's great.
Yeah,
it's great.
Yeah,
it's great.
Yeah,
the crappy days are here.
They've got
every
couple of
happy days.
They've got
it's like
it's too
crappy days.
They've got
no.
There has
these days are gone.
There you
crappy days.
Time for 15 is 560 WQM.
Go for gets tomorrow morning six o'clock.
Joe Costello will be on here.
Gonna be okay tomorrow.
Yeah, he's getting his health back in time to be on the air.
So he did the smart thing.
He got sick during the week.
And of course he caught it from Greg Read, our general manager.
Bozo walking around here spreading mono.
Is he here today, by the way?
I sure hope not.
Is he in the building?
Haven't seen him.
Thank God.
I mean, take a few days.
We don't
be grudger.
Take a few days in the heal up
and stop spreading your disease around Greg.
People are droppin' like flies.
You know,
somebody called George and the off-theor made the point
and I was always over to go to get to that.
Sonny Hurston,
that what?
He's back on.
Sure, I'll let him say it.
I want to help.
What lines are you?
Side.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach Gardens.
Hello.
Hey, good morning,
the electric...
Let me just say morning.
How about that?
Okay.
Hey, I had to,
I'm here in a little kinko
here.
I don't know if you touched on whatever.
You know, they can say that he died of a heart attack
or whatever.
Right.
But we all know he died of a broken heart.
That's right.
That's what I was getting to because
people are here in a clear channel.
People strung him along.
That's why I told him,
why is the rest of you not?
Huh?
Yeah, I wasn't even sure.
I was hoping,
you just answered my question.
I was going to ask you,
you know, who ran him out of that
contact or who didn't read the contact?
No, no, it's not a question.
Who didn't read the contact?
It's a question of if you're going to...
Here is a man who was fired in the media.
Everybody in this town knew
that he wasn't coming back to do this.
That's how you're supposed to be.
That's how you're supposed to be.
Everybody else knew it
and they wouldn't tell him.
All he wanted was tell me,
am I coming back?
Am I fired?
Am I in?
Am I out?
They wouldn't tell him.
They strung him out
until a couple of days before
the season started
and finally said,
oh, by the way,
don't bother doing the games you're out.
Well, when I heard it on the worst team this morning,
that was the first thing that came to my mind
when they said the heart attack.
I'm like, yeah, I'm broken in heart.
That's right.
And what have I been telling you guys
for years about this business?
They try to break your spirit.
They will break you.
They will destroy you.
They will trash you.
And they discard you
like yesterday's garbage.
Well, I had a grandparent that died.
It was a great health,
died shortly after my grandfather passed away.
You know, I mean, it happens.
And I know that happened with Sony as well.
Stress kills.
Okay, thanks.
That's all, you know.
Okay.
See you later.
Thanks for caring enough to send you very best.
See somebody cares.
Not too many.
Like I said, you can work here for 100 years
and you're croaking.
Okay, well, let's move on.
What, you know, make us laugh, you know,
that's just the way it is.
That's the Merck and F and way,
especially in this town.
There's no heart in this town.
There's no one, you know,
it's a place that's like Gene Pettney said,
that's not without Pettie.
But that whole episode,
man, I have never,
I mean, you know, this does happen in the business.
I've blurred it out on the air.
Who the hell was it that time?
Which time?
Oh, that's right.
Many times.
You know,
the way Reynolds three times.
But he's only reason though
that that happened is because people tell me these things
and he was assume that the program director is notified.
The person that's going to get canned
and I talk about it on the air,
or G. Jolie is going to be here.
And oh, guess what?
Nobody told him yet.
So people have found out from me on the air,
not intentionally,
not because I did it in the mean-spirited way,
just because we have program directors
and other people who are like too much weaklings
who just have to build up the, you know,
the courage to tell somebody your canned.
That's the kind of horse-crab businesses.
If you think that I make up anything about this business,
you're very naive, okay?
Is that QUE or K.A.Y.?
How do you want to spell it?
And if you see K, by the way,
tell her that shows sucked.
That's the nature of the business.
You can be the nicest damn guy.
I mean, Craig Worthingworth.
And by the way, Craig is back on here on WSRF.
We were that on that Jack Mark station,
which I wish him well, 6 to 8 PM.
And I, well, he's got to make a living.
There's another guy got screwed over by Pete Boulder.
Just one after another after another.
Good people.
The good people get screwed over.
The people with no talent
who don't belong on the air for two minutes.
Yeah, they get hired.
They get put on the air
while they're busy,
are changing their tires or something out of the side of the high one.
They get put on whatever that screw was all about.
They get put back on the air
because they work cheap, I guess.
You know, 65 is not an old man.
And some of you that sounds like especially in South Florida.
65 is almost like a teenager.
And of course, for somebody like me,
it makes you kind of like wonder,
well, you know, another three and a half years,
that's a long time.
People had planned for retirement,
that plan that you know,
you put away as much money as you can,
and you're going to do this,
you go to, and I'll never made it, you know?
That's what happened.
And it makes you wonder, maybe Monday, you know,
George would be good on his show.
He'd be great.
I'll just, you know,
see what I scraped together, what I can.
What?
It makes you think that for a second and a half,
especially since yesterday was payday,
and it's several more days till the next one now.
I mean, of course, you get to payday,
then you start thinking,
well, maybe that's not such a good idea.
What?
That's the way it is because without money, man,
you can't live.
That's what it's all about.
So you have to keep working.
I have nothing but contempt for people like Bob Barker.
I don't want to hear this below me,
but oh, yeah, well, some of these guys,
you know, the minute they stop working,
they scribble up and die.
I'm sorry, I don't buy that.
I don't get that.
Like I've always said,
the wrong people have the big money.
If I had to kind of money that Bob Barker's got
or some of their Dick Clark is got,
or Ed McMahon is got,
would I be running around the country
when I'm doing all this crap?
Of course not.
I'd be living the life of Riley,
Chester A. Riley, Mr.
The wrong God-damn people have got the money.
Dick Clark and all those other Dick's.
I mean, you know, we like you.
It's 100 years ago, American,
band, stand, pyramid.
That was one of my favorite shows,
good show, but go away already, okay?
Stop peddling all that crap into male with Ed McMahon.
Stop pretending all those old people
are going to win the money.
And just to go off and enjoy yourself.
Have a great life.
These people are going to die
doing whatever it is they do for a living.
I have just the greatest contempt for that.
I mean, you know, it's a free country
to appoint if that's what you want to do.
You're entitled, I don't understand it.
I don't relate to it.
Oh, my work is my life.
Well, you then get a life, huh?
If that's your life, I feel for it.
If this were my life, I mean, uh, oh, forget it.
Yeah.
I mean, it would be a no brainer.
I mean, literally a no brainer.
Let's blow it out of there, baby.
This is my life.
So Sonny Hurst passed away last night.
They said a heart attack.
And like this guy said, broken heart.
They broke his spirit.
They lied to him.
They stabbed him in the back.
They wouldn't give him an answer.
I mean, just stop and think about the stress.
You know, I mean, you've got a certain amount of ego,
a certain amount of pride, a certain amount a year ago.
Yesterday was exactly one year after Sonny Hurst
was inducted in the University of Miami Hall of Fame.
He's been the voice of Hurricane Sports for 27 years.
And they wouldn't tell him,
is he coming back, is he getting mad, is he in, is he out?
And like I started to say before,
everybody else in the market knew he was out.
Am I right?
I mean, I don't want to mention no names of people
that were working over there.
Who could have told them that, uh, guess what?
You're out, Sonny.
Just like I remember, he said,
you're out time and Godfather one.
Well, you're out, Sonny.
Dave Wemann.
He could have told him he knew he was going to be coming
and do the ball games.
But nobody wanted to tell him.
Nobody had the heart to tell him and see it was real.
They would, they did the wrong thing.
If they would have told him, it would have been better.
As opposed to stringing Malong.
And I remember all those articles and the newspapers
and people calling up the sports shows here.
Well, who's going to be doing you of a mouth?
Football, you know, they wouldn't say.
And I'm serious.
The packs and I draw them together
because it's a lot of the same people,
especially bulls are.
The packs and queer channel connection.
Nothing.
And I, there's some people over there that we like.
Like, we're in SUDs.
Adam, who else?
Wayne?
Anybody else?
David.
David, good guy.
Come on.
Are you mentioned several things?
I don't want to, because what I'm going to say,
I don't want to lump in anybody we like.
Oh, there's a lot of sales.
People over there, they're nice.
Dan Trotman.
Tom Benemberg?
Yeah.
Anybody else?
Okay, well, they've got to hand all the people we used to like.
Huh?
A lot of the people we like that were our friends.
They got canned also.
I'm talking about the people they're now.
The part of the packs and now ongoing
queer channel connection that have taken a stranglehold
on all these stations in this market.
Not one of them is worth a crap, by the way.
They all sound like crap.
The ratings of most of them, crap.
In fact, what they know about the businesses,
crap.
Nothing could happen to that bunch of people
no matter what it was.
That would be so severe that it would disturb me.
Do you follow what I'm saying?
And I really mean that.
And I'm not a vicious person.
I'm not a hateful person.
I don't sit around thinking, oh, yeah,
I wish somebody would die.
That's why I don't waste my time with that.
But you people, man, what you represent.
And this is another example of what you're a federal government.
And now that they're trying to dismantle the FCC,
which in some ways is good.
But now they're saying, oh, too much restriction.
How many stations companies get owned in the market?
Now, I was the one that came on the year a couple of years ago.
And maybe however many years it was, and I told you,
as soon as they started opening this up and letting a handful of
half a dozen companies own up every goddamn radio station in America,
it's bad for everybody.
It's bad, except the course for them, for the companies.
And they're shareholders.
It's bad for the audience because just look at the crap they put on the year.
No, they're no more talent because they don't want to pay anybody any money,
especially queer channel.
They just want to put a lot of slush on and squeeze as many spots through there.
You know, just sell, sell, sell.
And that's all they care about.
Bad for the talent because just left and right people get blown out.
And of course they don't bother telling anybody.
I mean, entire stations have disappeared.
Entire staff disappeared.
Destroyers of human lives.
That's what you are, Pete Bullgier.
A destroyer of human lives.
Shame on you.
A man that swam in my swimming pool with his wife when I live in Jacaranda.
A man who pretended to be my friend.
And then the moment the opportunity came when it could be a corporate ass liquor
and move up that ladder one more knock stab stab stab.
They could just get that music under the OJs, the backstabbers.
Or just get OJ in here to stab.
He's good at it.
Isn't that ironic by the way that it was the OJs that did the backstabbers?
Ironically.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, just came to me.
So I don't want to get all melodramatic in everything because like I said,
Sonny and I weren't like tight personal friends but we worked together twice
for over a long period of time and he was a good guy.
And he was treated crapily.
He was treated like absolute positive crap and didn't deserve to be treated like crap.
No.
Like I said in this business, the nicer guy you are, the more they do treat you like crap.
But anyway, we're supposed to get all excited about some stupid bulging they're playing in Cubans
on me.
Do I give a crap?
No.
Am I going to pay any attention?
No.
By the way, Pavel Burry says he'll come back when he's good and ready.
Oh, that that whole deal.
Oh man, talk about stale.
Stale is last year's Mata.
Yeah, Burry says, uh, no, it's not ready.
Dinner ready?
No, it's not ready.
So, you know, I'm really debating about that Nashville up Panther game night.
The Predators, which are a pretty good expansion team.
They're kind of an exciting team to watch but I'm debating.
If you're looking for something exciting to do today or night that you know is going to be great,
the action's always how to Hollywood Seminole Gaming or two winners recently walked away
with over 300 grand each.
You could be next, but in order to be a winner, of course, you got to go over there.
Hollywood Seminole Gaming to win.
Play Hollywood Seminole Gaming's 550 gaming machines like Pada Goal,
Lucky Jim's Progressive and More.
48 Rana clock, poker tables featuring a Mahalo, Texas Holderman 7 card stud.
Oh, by the way, kid come to me before the hockey game, you know,
the night says, oh, I love your show and friendly shakes my hand.
And by the way, Buddy Nevin's is my uncle.
And I said, oh, nobody's perfect.
Friday you best good.
There was no farmer who's a Don'ty Rock.
He's adding the metal just taking his piss at some boys who were down by the
brick.
They're beating the water.
There is on their marbles and play things that I'd have passed more.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubble and laces and white fluffy
duct.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin.
While the boys in the far yard were shoveling refuse and later from yesterday's hunt,
while the girls in the meadow was rubbing her.
I let the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he has her phone like Lee, she'd show him her list of bettogs who was subject to
the bettog.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her smaltender and with a movement so quick.
And then she penned over and sucked out his candy so tasty made of butter skies.
And then he spread woodcream all over her cookie that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty you can go and put yourself.
That's 32 to 560 WQM I would say happy Friday.
There's a podcast over the proceedings here.
George was just saying during the break there couldn't possibly be a god that Jerry
Hursh is dead and people were still alive.
I think that sums it up very nicely.
I think that's exactly that echoes my sentiments.
I second that emotion wholeheartedly.
Put it anyway.
Anyhow, Paul Vellbury ate playing tonight and he says I'll play when I'm good and ready.
If not ready yet then maybe it'll be ready a Sunday for that game.
Maybe not like I said the other day could Boston getting a tie last night at one more point
and pulling yet further away further and farther.
And the playoff hopes fading almost into oblivion now.
Maybe when we're officially eliminated that'll be the night that Paul Vell comes back.
Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello.
Hey, hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Good bad news about Sunday.
I'm sorry about that.
Yeah.
Listen to some good news on page two of the local section.
Yes.
Taking check is coming to sunrise.
Really?
On 136th of sunrise full of odd.
Which paper in the sense?
No, if I am a hero.
Oh the hero.
In the local section?
Yep.
The Broward section.
Broward section page two left hand side.
Yeah.
Here it is.
I look at that.
The TGI Fridays and Stake and Shake will open in sunrise.
Now where's the sunrise going to be?
Like 36th.
Sunrise in 136th Street.
I would have thought that that the Boston market that went out of business there would have been perfect.
But hey, that's just that that's right by the arena by the way, right by the Macarena.
You can walk there.
No data's been set for the opening yet.
However, boy, they're going to that place is going to.
Can you imagine how much money they're going to break in?
I'm telling you.
I was going to in fact, there's a tap at this week.
I just taken shake.
Yeah.
And I had this hard luck of going to the Tampa Bay National game one tonight.
You talk about sleep convincing?
Yeah.
Well, somebody had to be there.
So why not you, you know?
Maybe maybe five thousand people to the place.
Maybe.
Meanwhile, you're missing.
You have a great day.
Even if I get them.
Sorry, that's not okay.
Thanks.
Okay, so there is some good news.
There's a little bit of a bright light shining out there somewhere somewhere in the land.
Even though mighty Casey is struck out.
Even though they killed Sonny Hersh who died of a broken heart.
Because this business killed him.
See right there, all you people out there that think that I exaggerate.
About this business and I know people of all kinds that for example,
Cal Ripken senior died yesterday at the age of 63 of lung cancer.
Now it's interesting.
Talk about a double standard.
Okay, Joe to Maggio Cal Ripken senior.
Both baseball players, right?
At one time former baseball players, both known for baseball.
And of course, Cal Ripken senior for being the father of Cal Ripken junior.
What?
Why are you laughing?
I mean, more people know Cal Ripken junior than the,
forget it, what do you know?
But at any rate, my point is this.
When you read the story here about Cal Ripken senior dying of lung cancer at the age of 63,
it said Ripken senior had a leathered skin and gruff voice,
characteristics at least partially attributable to the fact he was a heavy smoker.
No crap.
Right.
Now when the Maggio died or even before that when he had the lung taken out with the cancer
and when he was dying for that public death of his for months and months on it,
would anybody ever say anything about him being a three pack of three packs at a by the way?
Anybody ever mentioned that?
No.
No.
See what a separate standard we have because Cal Ripken senior,
even though he was the father of Cal Ripken junior, he wasn't an icon.
Nobody made any songs about him.
Where have you gone, Cal Ripken senior?
They don't fit in good at all.
Yeah, just doesn't fit in.
See, that could have done some good Joe to Maggio.
I mean, even though he was 84 years old, which in his case was plenty old enough,
but nevertheless, could have done some good discourage all these kids from killing himself with those faggot.
Art Smith, he was the chief engineer at KAT when I went there, old white-haired guy.
Oh boy, we had a transmitter.
All the stuff, you think this stuff here is old?
WKAT, which at that time was on Bay Road there, just off Alton Road there on the beach,
had that big gigantic old studio with a picture of old man Frank Katzenstein on the wall.
He was named after the Katzen Times, the KAT.
And of course, his wife, Eucola.
Anyway, isn't that a soft drink, the Eucola, or that the uncola?
Anyway, Eucola, she was the owner at that time.
Sheep bitch.
I wonder if she's dead.
I think she's dead.
Now that's bad, don't say that.
But anyway, she was the owner at that time.
We had this big, big studio, and there was a bird bath outside,
big old drapes up there with a big piano that nobody ever played.
And you walked down a hall, way down the hall, and unlike the setup we got now,
the studio was in one place, and way, way down the hall upstairs, there was the control room,
where the producer was sitting, where Davey Graveline was sitting, ignoring the calls,
and now see, they had to put them through.
We didn't have the same phone.
I've told you this before.
The phones would ring up there, and then they would answer them, and then they have to
like punch them, and then your lines would light up in the talk studio, and you had calls coming in.
So Davey, being, I guess, in those days, he's graduated from those childish days of his.
But he decided he was going to screw me over.
He was upset over the fact they took off his at-year service show,
where they used to talk about killing the cockroaches, and how to spray your appendix,
and petunias, you know, all that exciting stuff.
And there were no ratings on it, so they took it off, and they expanded Craig worthy
to four hours, and me to four hours, and they took him off here.
So he became very petrolant about that, and he was the board operator for my show,
and he stopped putting the call through.
So I had some spies in the building, and one day I was sitting there with like no calls on the board,
doing one of my tirades, and my spy ran upstairs, and sure enough,
every line in the board was ringing, but he wasn't putting them through,
wasn't answering the phone.
And I went into a wild major tirade on the year, and all of a sudden,
air of realign in the board.
This is a true story.
Every line on my board lit up, and the intercom, there was a red light for the intercom,
and I picked it up so that he could talk to me, said,
you happy now?
Just slam.
You happy now?
So, uh, where's uh, Davey Gravy's life?
But now he's our good buddy.
So, uh, you know, at past a year, some people eventually grow up.
I don't even hold that against him anymore, because it's so long ago, and by the way,
he did get canned as a result.
All right, see?
He did.
He got fired.
But anyway, uh, all right, so we had this big, the old transmitter,
and it had the old final tubes, you know, the ones that looked like you were in some kind of
arconis, monoconis museum, or something, the big glowing tubes, you know.
Have you ever seen those?
Oh, man, and that, it was a trip just to go back there and look at that stuff.
It was from before radio was ever even invented, it was so old.
That in fact, it's a shame that they, uh, I don't know what that place is now over there on
Bay Road.
It's a shame that they ever went out of there, because it was like a radio museum.
Kind of like the stuff we got here.
Only most of this stuff would get thrown out.
He would make it to a radio museum.
Artsmith, he was the white-haired chief engineer.
He was close to buddies with the, I mean, with Jack Horkheimer.
Over there at the space transit plantarium, we all know Miss Horkheimer.
And Joe Fried was our news director.
In fact, Joe Fried, I had lunch at the Merrimard Diner, with Joe Fried.
I had my first interview with Sid Levin before they heard me a K-T,
who was the general manager.
But to make Joe Fried feel like, you know, important, he was the news director.
He wanted me to have lunch with Joe to make him feel like he was involved in the decision
who they were going to hire.
I had lunch with Joe.
He was a nice guy.
He was okay.
He was kind of like, well, I don't know.
There's something about that whole K-T was kind of a stale place.
You know what I'm saying?
Everybody was kind of like a loof.
Did you follow?
Everybody was a loof.
It wasn't like a real friendly place.
It was just a stale.
Old.
The audience was old.
The youngest listener we had was a hundred.
And they were all dead now anyway,
so I can say whatever I want about them.
Joe Fried, he's dead a lot.
Many years now by the way.
He was okay.
He was me.
He had great voice.
20 and of course, his apprentice was what's his name that wound up owning the radio station?
I forget his name now already.
What that was his name?
I forget.
God, talk about him.
The one that was going to get fired there by the senator's wife from the story.
What the hell is his name?
The one that I'm losing it.
I'm so upset with the sonny thing.
Why are you airing shit like this?
And now we see the president getting ready to deliver his address.
He's in the oval office with the gold drapes behind him
and he is preparing to address the American people.
Thank you, music place.
My fellow Americans, I have deployed our forces to put up a fight
in a place called Kosalov outside of Albania
where all the messes don't use gold.
Right there in Kosalov, we're going to blow away.
Serbian Muslims in the KLA.
Oh, Slopoda by Losevic.
He's mad because his nickname is Slom.
Later, Kosalov recast and hope check the county.
Anglago, Hatt, Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Harts, Albania,
Serbia, Pristina, Adriatic, Zia, Kosovo.
Oh!
Amen.
That's 10 stars.
1046 and 560 WQAM.
Oh yeah.
Making a list.
This is morbid.
I'm making a list of all the people I've worked with who've died.
Remember Spencer?
Not the car wash Spencer, but dark complex.
Well, I guess they both were dark complex.
The other Spencer that worked for a hot 105 was it?
Spencer T. Johnson.
Spencer T. Johnson and he stuck his finger in the wrong place
and got electrocuted.
Just a young guy.
He's dead.
Larry Kent.
Dead.
Jim Harper.
You remember Jim Harper.
He used to, he always had the same purple sweater on.
He used to do all the commercials for,
you've heard his voice all over the market for INZ years ago.
Nancy, the receptionist from INZ, dead.
Long time ago.
A great friend Bill Calder.
Long time ago.
Big Casper.
Great friend.
Great guy.
Brilliant radio guy.
I'm wondering, by the way, about certain people.
How about the Prescott Robinson?
You think he's still alive?
You know who that was?
Steve Daly.
Newsguys, news directors.
You don't remember Prescott Robinson or Steve Daly?
Prescott Robinson, if you've been here long enough and you're old enough,
used to be a news guy on TV.
Much less than WS News.
See what do you know?
You're just a Johnny Conn lately.
A little kid with us.
Those are just some of the people I've worked with who've died.
I'm sure there's some others that I don't even know about.
Which, oh, that's just all I need is somebody to call and say,
oh, guess what?
So-and-so died.
Here, Harry Barry, I think was his name.
Old accounting guy.
Worked with KAT.
He was ancient then.
He's got to be dead by now.
Harry Barry.
Don't you remember that movie with his brother Barry Barry
with Warren Beatty?
That's all, all four down?
What was the guy's name that was going to get fired there?
That was Joe Fried's assistant news guy.
Howard the Primer.
See, a guy, I got to work these things out myself.
Because you're useless in that area.
You're just a bunk.
566-705-60, pound 560-animable-1-9.
Hank will be with you from Tampa, the final four over there.
I'm sure he's having a not too pleasant drive over there after hearing the news about Sunny.
They were close friends.
They knew each other for a long, long time.
Sunny stopped in on Hank's show a couple of times just in the last a month or two.
But Hank will be on it too.
6 to 7 we got Donny Beatty and the pregame for the Panthers at 7 o'clock, of course.
And the Panthers in Nashville 730, any interest?
No.
566-705-60, pound 560-animable-1-line.
Heard Hank yesterday was driving up to the track yesterday afternoon and I realized he had
to follow the Marlins, but boy, the phones this week.
And of course you got pace-ah and you got Easter.
Every year this town gets dead and dead and more desperate.
And I thought to myself, boy, if Hank is carrying on like a psychotic child about the lack of any kind of response,
what's going to happen tomorrow when we got a full four hours?
One thing when you got a ballgame like we did yesterday, look at this.
Look at this pathetic response.
Here's a mobile and deer field.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Great.
Yeah, again, I feel like I'm doing a radio show inside of a dumpster.
That's how I feel living.
Yeah, I know the feeling.
Look, I'm talking to myself.
Well, you know, it's a shame about Sonny.
I mean, that was really sad because I remember him from God.
I only know how long ago.
But you hit the nail on the head.
I mean, exactly when you were talking about the FCC doing away with the duopoly rule.
They destroyed this business or they have destroyed this industry.
They have bortured it.
They made it into a joke.
And when I said at the time, I said what they've done is they made it like trading baseball cards,
you know, Paxton and Clear Channel and Chancellor and all of these others,
Cox, they just keep swapping back and forth flipping baseball.
Oh, here you want this station.
I'll give you this one and these two in Syracuse for these two in wherever.
And it's a joke.
And then the process of doing away with all the diversity.
Right.
They're ruining the programming.
They're destroying all most of the people we're in the business.
That's America, you know.
It would cost on the IOD.
That station was unique.
I mean, the programming was somewhat irreverent,
but they had a very firm commitment to news.
That changed when Paxton took it over.
Unlike this place,
that if they were dropping bombs 10 blocks up the street,
somebody would have to run down the street and tell us about it because they have no newswire.
Which is kind of a shame too.
Yes.
But, you know, I think the whole area of everybody feels bad about the love of the sunny
earth because he was very well known.
I mean, he was he was an institution down here in terms of sports broadcast.
And I was going to be missed.
Yeah.
Well, I'm not a one on 12 on an old day, you know,
because obviously there's no interest in it.
But, you know, it's a good guy.
Okay.
Have a great day, sir.
Thank you.
And tune up that phone.
Okay.
One call on the board here.
One call on the board.
I think I'm going to be next.
I think I'm just going to get into car and just I'm not not talking about dead.
I'm just talking about wandering off and just doing a vanishing act.
One call on this board here this morning at 10 to 11 o'clock.
George is looking at the phone.
I'm looking at him.
He's looking at me.
Are we on the air?
No.
You know, like that brickweaver thing.
Are we on the air?
Is there anybody alive out there coming to work this morning?
I noticed I'm thinking where the hell is all the traffic.
This isn't like a holiday weekend yet.
I'm going to tell you every year it's condensing.
Pretty soon we'll have the so-called season in South Florida will be a week, a week.
And other than that, it's like that's the end of the season.
That's all we got.
Because it used to be, you know, from I went through that yesterday.
Why repeat myself?
I waste the energy.
Every breath you take, like the police say.
Every breath you take is so goddamn valuable.
Why waste the energy on people that don't give a crap?
Oh, it's passed over now.
It's an Easter.
It's this.
It's that.
The cats got diarrhea.
There's always some excuse here while we've got a bunch of deadheads.
Why this is such a lame ass frickin place.
God.
Seriously, the times I have to pinch myself to see if I'm really awake.
If I'm sleeping in, it's a bad dream or not.
And what other want to care?
If I hear one asshole call this show between now and two o'clock,
then what's to talk about that stupid baseball game in Cuba?
I'm going to tell you that's what you're going to hear.
That'll be the symbol that we don't want to hear anymore about it.
That'll be the sign.
That one right there.
Number four, fart number four.
If that's all you have to waste your time thinking about,
is the fact that the Baltimore Orioles are playing a ball game in Cuba on Sunday
and some bearded dictator asshole.
If that's what you're wasting your time,
I would suggest a little Andrew Kuhnann will be a good idea, okay?
We'll make sure your picture's getting the paper if you like.
Quit wasting the air that living and breathing useful people could be grieving.
Quit wasting the space that those people could be taking up.
Here's a mobile and four-letter, hello?
Hello?
Yes sir?
Neil.
Yes I am.
Okay, just wanted to give a quick call.
I wanted to express my appreciation on the Joe Castello show.
And I wanted to congratulate him and a good friend of his.
Great.
And good night Joe Castello.
That's one of our good friends.
Hey listen to that.
It's fine, right?
And you're great man.
And I think it's a crack about this,
everything that's going around.
You've just got a lot of dead people around.
That's right.
That's the problem.
Just like the management people in this building, sir.
George is sitting in here again.
They were the broken phone.
Not the phone on the ear, but I'm talking about the business phone.
He, anybody calls and he picks up the phone.
It goes dead immediately.
This goes on day after day.
We can't do business here.
And we got a bunch of people around here.
You know, same old tired stuff going.
Like that.
You know, that's the response we get here.
No matter what's the, what's broken down?
What's the problem?
Yeah.
But our program director comes here and changes the schedule.
Tell me Ed Kaplan won't be at the Bahamas or whatever.
Like I care about that.
Okay.
I mean, Ed is the, Ed is Ed.
You know, plunges brains out wherever he is.
Have a great day pal.
You too.
Joe Castello says thank you so much.
Yeah, there's some real good people in this job.
We got a lot of good people in this place.
Not too many in management.
Got some people that think they know something.
Of course, I've always had those.
People that thought that he knew.
Like, you know, I don't, I could go down the whole list.
Not going to go down the whole list.
I had some people that knew something like the Casper
who was a real radio guy.
Not just a glorified salesman.
Not just a guy trying to boost up his own ego
and pretend to be a radio maven and move her in shaker.
Like some of these guys who think they're moving and shaking it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm sure you do.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal, huh?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you, sir?
Great.
We're trying to call for the last couple of days
to get in with this list.
I don't know if they've actually mentioned these two.
Male secretaries.
Male secretary.
Excellent, sir.
And male nurses.
Male nurses.
They always want to take your temperature, Neil.
Exactly.
They always wanted looking at your symptoms.
Say for everything's okay.
Thank you, sir.
Have a great day.
And it's one out of two in bed.
There's one new one.
Male secretary.
How about the flight attendants?
Okay.
Coffee tea or, I'm, it's an old line.
5670560, POM 560 on the mobile one line.
I'm depressed.
I felt so good coming in here this morning.
And Dee-Foh comes in here and says,
you hear her on the news.
And I said, what are you talking about?
Sonny checked out.
I mean, it's not like I'm devastated.
It's not like we were close friends.
But just as all of this is starting to sink in, you know?
And then I look around.
I'm watching, you know, the diminishing return here on the phone.
Dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead.
You know, you got to, you got to have some kind of
motivational thing that gets you, you know,
your juice is flowing.
and that, you know, rubs off out of the audience.
I feel like we're just dying on the vine over here, you know?
I understand how boring most of that sports garbage is.
It's terminal, man.
It's enough to put you into a coma.
Just like Michael Mayo, who never apologized to Dave Halberstain.
I'm not even going to quote from that stupid columnist this morning, okay?
Even though he has one or two very good points about our boring hockey team,
how terminally are we without Pavel Barini's right?
And if it took away Ray Whitney, I mean, I want to refund.
He's right about that.
So why don't anybody even want to talk about that swill, huh?
But did he ever apologize to Dave Halberstain, Mike Mayo?
No.
No.
And did Mike Mayo, Dave Halberstain get fired?
Yeah.
But see, that's the kind of people we got in this town.
Yeah, people are like I said before, if you make a friend someplace else,
very often you have a friend for life.
When you make a friend in South Florida, you have a friend for about a half an hour.
Maybe 20 minutes, all depending on what they look like, you know.
And that's it.
And of course, if you went into a restroom stall and you saw a glory hole there,
what else would you put in there to fill in the hole than wood?
Wood?
Space and stands for nothing.
You should get a nice piece of sausage to do for me.
Yeah, what are you going to do with it?
I'm going to make you a squeal, like a pit.
You're just going to have to cook, because I hate paint.
You could be nice, Stanker.
Oh.
Give it a hug.
Give it a hug.
Give it a hug.
Give it a hug.
You should have a pretty mouthdog.
Give it a hug.
That's what they call me for.
Give it a hug.
Oh, you're rabbit hole.
Give it a hug.
Oh, you're rabbit hole.
Give it a hug.
Give it a hug.
Hey, 1202 at 560WQAM.
Anyway, we were looking scouring this morning to see if we had the old 99 yard that the Sunny Hurts think we have that anymore.
No.
Long gone.
We'll find it somewhere.
Then there was the thing about the Sunny Hurts go to I&C, long gone.
Then of course, there was still Henry's great piece of passion phones with Sunny Hurts.
Do we have that?
No.
Long gone.
The only thing I have now, Sunny used it as one thing of his.
Everybody's got their little quirks.
One thing about Sunny was that as the sports director, especially at IOD, he coveted carts.
The sports carts.
He was very nervous about anybody from programming your news, any other department going in there and stealing, appropriating the carts that were the sports carts for the sports room in the sports office that they would play the sports activities on.
The little sound bites.
And so Sunny would put S on the cart.
And I understand now that all over the market because they recycle these carts and they go back and send them back to the factory to when they wear out and put new tape in them.
And so that we have cart casing.
I have one in my hand right now that's got an S. This is close as I have to anything, even though it doesn't have Sunny's voice on it.
I'm not making this up.
It's got these signature Sunny S on it.
And if you would steal a cart because carts are always hard to come by.
Good love it is easy to come by, but carts, that's another thing.
And if you would take one of the carts out of the sports room news because you were out of carts, Sunny would lead in the evening if he was around early in the morning or if he was there really early before us.
He would come in and he'd look for the carts with the S on it and your stuff would disappear because those were his.
And that was like, and here's the only one that can find it's got the big S on it.
I don't even want to hear about the negative stuff.
We got it done.
I mean, how are I?
I don't get what we want to gain.
I want to hear nothing negative.
I want to read no negative paper.
We finally want to gain.
It's all to be said for rate.
The dolphins want to gain for a change.
None of this negative.
And this top two of all of those bulls.
I'm tired of the pump.
Finally, we can put looking at all the damn stations showing the dolphin demise should Jimmy John's replace you all of those bulls.
I'm tired of the pumps.
I'm tired of.
I'm fed up to hear with this.
Where?
Up to here.
This is, you know, it's the grace of God.
You know, I'm sorry for all my profanities.
I'm just happy that we were able to get a win.
Take the first off by no means is just thing.
And we have to continue to concentrate and get ready.
So I'm just glad.
Could you come in here son?
What is it mom?
What was that?
Oh God.
What she wants to clean his ears out with crocs after you heard Brian Cox is string of profanity there.
So that was a sunny first car there with a big S on it.
And that's as close as we can get right now.
We'll work on it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, I don't know if he's dead, but one of your former colleagues that used to talk about jungle bunnies and war with Jerry Wichner.
I understand quite some time ago he had a stroke.
Really?
Yes.
And also Neil, I don't think that was mentioned when Henry Barrow comes on and takes over for the worst team on Monday.
Henry Barrow.
Yes.
Will he have to work Saturdays like Diffo?
Yes.
He's got his own trade out show.
They're going to be trading Henry out for booze on Saturdays.
Yes sir.
Right immediately after the Diffo trade out show.
Hey listen, don't big ride to these guys.
Okay.
They haven't learned to get free stuff as well as we have yet.
They're working on it.
Anything important come over the track?
Why do you send him something?
Wow.
I want to see.
Here's some boring stuff.
What is stuff that comes in on this facts machine?
Wow.
What is this?
What is this?
The term an empty wallet.
What does this mean?
What does this mean?
Mike.
Woo.
And this guy's a CPA.
He sends me a facts that I mean I couldn't make header tails of this if you stuck a gun in my mouth.
I can't figure it out Mike.
I'm trying.
Is Lee baby Sims dead?
He was on love 94 and ran into many personal problems.
Remember this guy?
No.
Do you remember him?
No.
Is he dead?
Do we know if he's dead?
No.
Somebody will call.
So I leave anybody out?
Did anybody call to tell us if Presta Robinson or Steve Daley are dead or alive yet?
No.
Did you work with Big Wilson?
No but I knew Big.
Oh no.
He was a good guy.
They'll call to work for him.
I knew Big very well.
He was not a good guy.
He was a great guy.
Great guy.
Used to play the piano with the old New York steakhouse.
See I know that all of us old parts like me we like to indulge ourselves in us stows in the good old days.
So you know something this town today compared, when I got here in 76 it was already going downhill.
But now it is compared to what it was.
Don't give me 10 blocks of art deco and a bunch of steroid laden posing fags and hot shot movie stars.
Don't pretend that that's a substitute for what this town used to be.
New York steakhouse.
And the guy that started that place he did too by the way.
Which I can't take it his name.
Big Wilson did.
Now what did a lot of people, these people have in common?
Fat.
That's right.
So I don't want to start lecturing, Boog.
Okay.
Or your default.
I don't want to start lecturing out of my blood sugar this morning.
78 George.
78.
How do you like that?
Not losing weight all that fast.
It's not exactly pouring off, but I'm it's inching on the way it's in the right direction.
78.
Because I'm finally realizing that so you know as it gets closer to the end you just can't screw around anymore.
All that fish food, all that crap I was eating.
I mean who the hell am I kidding?
Who am I kidding?
Nobody.
Just like that spot used to say you can't fool mother nature baby.
But big Wilson he was big.
He was a monster in the broadcasting industry.
Dead.
So many of these people.
And sunny.
You know, sunny was never fat.
Boog and George and I were talking about this this morning.
Sunny Hersh was never fat because he was a big guy.
But he was always chunky.
Not not fat like with a big pupic like that kind of fat.
But always heavy.
You know what I'm saying?
And then of course when you're heavy and you've already got stress on the organs and the people over there
that you're working for are stressing you out and stringing you along.
I wonder how they feel over there today.
You know, I wonder how Rhonda Wolf and Pete Bolder and all those other management types that refused to tell this guy the truth and that strung him along and made him a laughing stock in the industry.
By the way they treated him firing somebody in the media with all the speculation that was going on day in and day out and very jackass writing this and writing that.
I wonder how they feel over there now.
Of course I know how bolder feels because where there's no sense there's no feeling.
And when you've screwed over as many people as he has you reached the point I guess you don't care anymore.
There's only one thing I want to ask you today Pete when it comes to you and your cohorts over there at queer channel broadcast.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Oh look at that Greg Read got a bad haircut Jesus Christ you look like you ran into a lawnmower.
Now you know something if he went and got a haircut that means he had to get close to a barber and he's got mono.
Oh that's right now he says you're right I didn't do it.
I got under the lawnmower right.
Good choice.
Well I was good so he did it because he don't want to spread that disease anymore.
And by the way Joe Costello is back in healthy don't get near him anymore.
In fact if you get near Joe Costello you just kind of hang in the back of the room and pretend you don't know him.
Nice suit though Greg is that a new suit?
That's a nice suit.
That's what I just said if you were listening to me and sitting at the hand I just said it's a nice suit.
Or money.
Oh and our money.
Oh man now we know where the money is going.
Okay.
Nine minutes after 11 at 560 WQA I'm serious about what is happening to that man?
He got a haircut it looks like somebody just took a little like a baby suit on those little pinky sheers you know.
And just did a little choppin here and there it's like pointing in all different directions now.
Man he looks bizarre.
He's a bizarre guy that Greg read but anyway it's Friday you best good.
Robin Williams is had chat us the time to use this humor as medicine.
What's the news on our little boy?
Well Mr. Mrs. Smith your son has rectal colon cancer and he's going to be dead soon.
Oh good no.
Hey pull my finger what you think?
What?
Ah pull my finger.
Hey.
Come on pull it.
Okay.
Okay.
Whoa.
Come on use medicine.
Manu Nano.
Bad Adams the doctor with laughs.
You've got AIDS.
Whoa.
Yay that one.
So now it's going to be a little bit easier to do with my finger.
No.
Wait.
Wait.
Wait.
Why do we think of the doctor field?
Did I ever get any more of those test results from my doctor?
No.
Doctor Patch?
No.
I just mentioned that in passing since it's now Friday 9 days later.
It's 11.15 at 5.60 WQM.
We got 200 open lines for it.
Here's today's letter to the editor by the way.
Everyday we got at least one that's really an asked letter.
That's with a capital ASS.
Edward Forens in Delray Beach, right?
I should say old Edward.
Oh, and Delray Beach, huh?
We'll have to play that, won't we?
Sitting at a branch?
Yes, we'll have to play that.
Columbus, often abusive toward senior citizens,
is the heading to put up a Edward's letter.
It's his, Ray, the March 21st column by John Grogon,
servers issued up reward, good work.
I object.
I strenuously object.
This guy must know I'm Mr. R. R. What's his name?
With a big black eye named Schmembering.
I strenuously object to Mr. Grogon,
repeatedly panning senior citizens.
He talks about senior citizens' failure to tip
and stealing sweet and low.
At a board meeting of our condominium association,
we discussed the treatment of seniors.
We hope something can be done to stop this abuse
by this columnist.
At a board meeting of the condo commando said
around at the board meeting, and they said,
Oh!
What are we going to do?
Maybe we will drop a resolution like the individual
who did in the hell and they'll 100 years ago
to get Neil Rogers off the air.
Didn't it work?
No.
No.
Let's get John, in fact, John Grogon is one of the few
people who occasionally writes a column in his town
that makes any sense.
Like when he ripped the Catholic church a couple of times.
Oh!
He was raised a Catholic.
Hey Edward, I hate to break the news to you old fart.
Oi!
Stealing sweet and low.
Wonder where John Grogon got that?
Wonder where he got that.
Have a nice day, by the way.
John, have a great week.
I'm sure listening to the show right now.
The senior citizens, I'll say it again for the 50 millionth time.
I'll say it as long as I possibly can, no matter where you go
in the world.
There are young people, there are old people, there are people
in between, there are people in every demographic group.
But the place is an overrun by crotchety old fart.
Except a few places, and one of them is here.
Ow!
Right.
You can go out to Sun City.
You can go to Tucson.
Huh?
There are a handful of places in America that are for people waiting to die.
Some of them have already died.
Just nobody told them.
This is one of them.
And the rest of us here, by the way, we've ended bitterly.
I've presented it since the day I came here 23 years ago.
And until I stick my fat ass in the ground, I'll continue to resent it.
The fact that we have a bunch of nasty, rotten old people.
I mean, some of the old people are nice.
My mother's nice, that's about it.
But other than that, who want everybody else to be as miserable as they are,
or want to stick to those, and everybody else's business,
or our upside-down, there's everybody chucked, there's a good guy.
If you're a younger, or whatever, you want to go to the subcenter, get a great meal.
With our fantastic lunch today, thank you, sir, and our Chuck bringing our lunch.
And see we get service here with a smile.
That's the way we do it.
Thank you, sir, and have a great weekend.
Thanks, Chuck.
Subcenter, corner 441 and I, as they wrote, best meets, best everything.
They're great.
They love us.
Nesee Chuck, they're gone to miss school over there.
They're fantastic.
See, like I told you, there's some nice people around.
And of course, they're not old.
What, what do you look at?
I'm just, oh, you just curious, is what this is?
Yeah, that's about it.
Oh, it's exactly what I want.
It's what the doc is.
Oh, it's okay.
It's got that birthday.
It can act in this perfect lunch.
Cheese and onions on some tuna.
Because the meatballs, come way back and I read meat, you know?
Cutting way down on that.
You can do that, kids, without all that meat.
Plus tomorrow, I have it a big steak.
And you know who's buying, don't you?
Or is it who claims he's buying?
Anybody believe Rimmer's buying?
That's what he says.
He'll probably come down, have a relapse with it.
You know, it'll be sick again tomorrow.
Here's a mobile in D'Areal.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
No mobile.
This is Mark in D'Areal.
Like I said, here's Mark in D'Areal.
Not on a mobile.
Hey, Neil, the good old days with Prescott Robinson and Big Wilson.
Remember that?
I remember he used to do 51 with a can of all night movies.
What did I do with my old eruders?
Yeah, go ahead.
He used to do the old movies playing the piano with a little outlaw.
The night owl, he'd be sitting at the piano table.
He'd be tinkling under piano, like I used to say, and the bumbling around in there.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
The owl that he had on top of his piano and different costumes.
You remember the owl on the piano?
Yes, that's what I just said.
And Prescott Robinson, yep.
If he did.
I don't know if he's alive or not, but he was not fat.
And he was a big one.
He was a good one.
No, absolutely not.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
Because you're a Gray Okay T-Up
that's the problem were so isolated
that's the problem were so isolated
So isolated from reality.
That's the problem were so isolated
No indication any related to the
anten.
them to Fast Holder,
was a fastcause he was a fast.
night so he must have either who knows what the deal is but George Brennan did we see him last night
was he driving no no maybe we won't see him no more but I mean there's a major sports story
of course this is the sports station do they know anything about harness racing on his station
no every now and then they're doing a show from Poppano Park do they know anything about it no
we get any news about that thing at freehold raceway no we're so isolated here
like I've said before you know one good thing if you grew up here as a kid you never had to go
through this no storms in a sleep and all the head colds in the summertime all you know all of
that but on the other hand you never had a chance like talking about radio for example
here all the great stations in those days wavc and wls and wjr Detroit and w all those stations all
a km elections in St. Louis with all the sports wkbw and wbz and Boston radio down here was
strictly a cacophony of no speak at the englace and you're so isolated being down here on
this penicilla from the rest of the human race down here that there's no good that's why there's
so many parochial people here they've never been anywhere they don't go anywhere they don't know
for me oh I'm going to Vegas can you tell me a good place to gamble where can I find a
a sloppy machine in Vegas 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile
in four Myers hello mobile in four Myers I'm there dime look at all the money they spend on
there and I finally get to them and they're gone okay sorry I'm your dime 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound
on the AT&T line plenty of open lines no waiting here's Miami hello hello yes sir yeah
what's up with Pablo Burray you tell me yeah what is it going back when he feels like it
like I can I get a request no 5 6 7 2 calls but let's do these two and I'm I'm going to eat
lunch and peace I've got a lot of great music here I mean this this is just reach the point I
mean maybe the other people on the station don't care maybe they're kind of willing to set back
yesterday was losing his patience with his audience maybe they were willing to sit back and
take being ignored and nobody wants to speak to us anymore I don't operate that way okay
because I don't have a million guests that a lot of million guests I don't have a bunch of
other bowsos sitting around and I can talk about back and forth about who's pitching and who's
catching you know etc and so on and who's drilling the glory holes and is their graffiti and the
ladies room up the hallway I don't I don't have that got your words sitting in there with a phone
that don't work and me sitting here waiting to put my lunch in the microwave to heat the
mouth to cheese again from my lunch mouth to cheese why does it good gonna be real good stuff
here's a mobile in my any hello I think I talked to one of your predecessors last night it told
me that he has gone from predicting that what is the only dogs yeah that's right I've got that
I was very very surprised here right on after the show before the show I think those last
night of the night before you're talking about number two right I think it was number two I
think that's the thing we all have two dogs and I'm gonna summary I already picked up the names
of a couple of moments okay thank you Ken Block calling in there with a dog good
attracting with Sonny Hurses voice on it how do you like that we have to depend on Ken Block to
call him with a sunny a hers clip huh thank you Ken I knew sooner or later you said it only took
23 years but sooner or later you do something that we appreciate it for Ken ship off the old block
how amazing huh 27 years the voice of the Huracun does anybody care in fact one of the last
things where the hell is that now I can now I can't find what I forget about it okay oh I know
what it's on the one the last things I remember a sunny stay and remember the day that he left
i.o.d to go over to the other place and he walked out the door and he looked back and he said you
know Neil and I said good points on it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t
wireless line my mind is turning the gel over today you know really is so depressed about this
place about what's happening here and we can't stop it it's like it's like when the dyke burst you
know and you bring all you try to bring a bunch of people over to stick their finger in the dyke
and no matter how many people stick their finger there they just can't stop the flood
like those times and disrepuse to be over there in the in the Amsterdam
here's for a lot of Dale hello okay nice talking to you here's a mobile in Miami hello
hey Neil yes sir how you doing great hey well why why did I call it a sports show they only
talk about baseball and football they don't know anything else what are you talking about what
what is a sports show what would you be talking about sir the few a m sports jerks
yeah in the sports show in the morning let's worry about us let's not worry about them okay they've
got a tough life they've got you know got a tough and a tough and a tough and a tough and a
pretty squeaky voice punk on air how'd you like to have to put up with that yeah all right yeah but it
is us it's two a m yeah no no you a m is not us you I don't know anything uh I don't know
anything to do there us just 10 to 2 not q a m don't ever confuse the two us is 10 a m to 2 p m
period when I first came here I thought us was q a m but it's very very clear for anyone to see
even Johnny Nash is saying I can see clearly now that it's strictly like two different worlds remember
that song of course you don't buy Jane Morgan and Roger Williams I'm Cap Records per uh huh remember
that pink Floyd two different world yeah I'm good Floyd sounds like about some kind of a
pansy pink Floyd 5 6 7 0 5 60 pond 5 60 on the 18t wireless law we're just going to keep
plotting ahead here waiting there'll be a day there'll be a moment when they can come back
you'll see I've been through these peaks and hills and valleys these peaks of 20
shares all through these years yeah take a peek like I said if you want to fill out glory hole
what better than wood
oh
the other night I watched a wrestling match oh it's big smooth men with sweaty crack
a ride they would try to grab each other's ass there's nothing more than a tiny g-strap
but when they ran the bells and the match was over I couldn't help but notice I had a
big folder I want a ring a wrestler and have a man's crotch wrapped around my mouth
welcome I want a ring a wrestler
pushing inside and out so I admit it seems a little gay
it's my hand between the mother and play
oh and I pull my hands away I get to sell my fingers
you know that other than sometimes you train you don't need to have much of a brain as long as in the shower after you work out
you don't have to place in someone balls in your mouth
I know that white sleeves can be messy and too melty
that's why they like to grow fat K-Y on their filly
I want to be a wrestler and retaining more arms just like you I want to be a wrestler
and maybe run for governor too as long as it attracts the crowd
I don't find the link down robbing these businesses are locked with some clumpy queers
that's because I bought them a thing by the way oh we're back it is 1133 at 560 WQM what a guy you are
Neil that's right these people they think you're a hard bit rotten asshole you're a hell of a guy man if you asked me
right that's what I say that's what I believe in treat people the way you would like to be treated some corny
stupid thing like that right don't treat them like a bunch of garbage like they do in this business
by the way Greg nice suit crappy haircut open line in somewhere 5 6 7 0 5 60
5 60 on the 18 T-Watt I'm gonna work feverishly that's my new year's even though it's the not a 20
uh sixth of March that's my new year's resolution I'm gonna work feverishly now in this new year to
keep these phones lit I may not talk to any of them but I'm gonna keep them lit even if I just have to
take the phone off the hook and punch a ball of buttons myself because this station man we are losing
contact now with the audience the audience like Hank said yesterday they're out there listening but
the callers keep in mind there's a whole two different world bucket said there's the callers and then
there's the listeners and boy never the train tell me thank god here's more lottery hello yes poll
question of the day was a peak bulge or Dave Lamont who killed funny horse and don't forget Don
Bailey Jr. was holding up a piece of that carpet his day to stab them in the back
oh brother whoo heavy duty see I feel bad about that because I like Dave Lamont well I do
do I like Dave Lamont George huh you always have nice things about yeah he's a good guy he loves me
but you know he should have told sonny you know he really should have he knew he was gonna get
to deal wasn't he the one that was farting all the time Dave Lamont constantly he'll tell you he's
proud of it that's his claim to fame see when Dave Lamont would fart it would be funny because he
couldn't help himself he was like a little immature you know till he was about 30 and he just couldn't
help it we're sitting up there doing you and baseball together and oh geez my eyes would be watering
I'd say boy they sure got some spicy a cabocita they're making down there didn't that I would
realize it wasn't cabocita at all the way today I've cut in the cheese but like fat boy around here
that goes around doing it like intentionally just to gross people out including the lovely ladies
we got around here and some of our so lovely I mean come on big difference probably smell worse too
by the way that's one thing about Dave Lamont at least his parts were like you know aromatic
heart still New York yes sir how you doing how was heart still we made to make fun of me well as time when I
called heart still is outside of New York City yeah I'm home with a heart-aided disc my brother
said just put new rods is on and you can listen to the content too yeah you'll feel better you're
probably feeling better already I've been on well today's a depressing show yeah it is I'm sorry
about that I mean I apologize that's on your first time but I I had nothing to do with it you know I
worked for another radio station in the late 70s and Kramer has died the general manager has passed
on the salesman has passed on right it's sad you know it is sad it goes to show you that like
sunny from the market used to say we're not here for a good time just how do you used to say it
whatever he said he said life's a bitch and then you then you die right so this now we get through
the day now from 10 to 2 until the surgeon fixes the back well I'll be here pal I'm gonna come
in just to make sure that I keep your company listen haven't heard of plug yet for the
Ravioli for the chocolate ravioli yeah the best stuff in the world man he hasn't said any any
that look what he hasn't said he don't breath a line on the floor like I said that stuff probably
wasn't that good anyway you know listen feel better pal thanks back good luck that was good stuff
to chocolate all like the guy turned out to remember how pushy he was though and then they put
it in Lorenzo's I wonder if Lorenzo still has that chocolate ravioli do we know about that no
probably of course people are worried about that right now they're worried about their wines and
all the other you know get all their piece off stuff anyway do people go through this why do we
do why do we why do you do it what's the point maybe some Jew out there will call in and tell us
all what Passover is all about again the last supper if it really has you think it really has
something to do with Jesus glad the Passover say to why do you do it why what's the point why do we
have to keep oh it's tradition it's true yeah so is like so a slavery with tradition you know
treating women like cattle that was tradition too bombing places killing like a northern
arrow and that's tradition too the Jews and the Arabs and Israel that's tradition
can I tell you a lot of tradition sucks here's for Lauderdale hello for Lauderdale
going once going twice can't keep it up five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T line here's Miami hello hi Neil yes sir yeah this is a circumsized Julio and Miami yes sir
just like to tell you I'm graduating from college now and you mean everything to me I don't think
I would have made it without you all right I love you great I'm graduating in four weeks okay okay
good luck with the one you find a life we know that is five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's Miami hello hey Nelson yes sir how are you okay
change subjects a little bit Vegas did you think it's getting a little out of control there you know
with all these hotels being built no no I do not really what does that mean a little out of control
well I mean I go I go there I go there more choices more different places to go more new things to
see more exciting things to enjoy and more entertainment and more amazing sites to a behold why is
that out of control did you go you were there just recently yes in November in November okay I was
there last month twice right when I go about five times a year well one then why do you go five
times a year if it's getting out of control what is that it's called work oh I see I got to go
out there for work but I can't stop for the baby for work yeah but anyways what I mean did you
get a chance to go into the Venetian to see the hotel that they I mean the rooms and stuff like that
no I mean that place is absolutely gorgeous it's gonna be so what's the problem then the traffic I mean
the try yeah the two you're right about that traffic traffic traffic out of control I told you I
said from the MGM Grand Parking Lot to get out onto the block pass this strip I was gonna go on the
interstate you know because I was going down to one of the casinos further down so I think you
know it took me 45 minutes which is like a few blocks it's incredible yeah I know that was that
area there it's real bad yeah that's the that's the northern or the southern point of the strip
right yeah that's that's how to control anyways why don't you bring back a few hundred to do a
little sunny harsh area you know I wish if I had that man it would have been the first thing out
of the box so passing phones with sunny harsh we'll find it somewhere in memory of Dave Lamont yes
okay yeah they think that now okay that's our pull question was it Dave Lamont or Pete
bolder that put the screws to sunny that really put them over the edge huh that's our pull question
what do you think Pete yeah Pete we we like Dave Dave's a good guy don't don't they've needed the job
yeah Dave needed the job okay I mean he was in a difficult position it's hard to turn around and
say somebody hey by the way I'm taking your job sunny you know but Pete he was the person in charge
he's the one I'm supposed to say by the way on such and such a date we won't be needing your
services anymore Dave's gonna be doing a ball and that's it like a man instead of like a weasel
a radio weasel that's that bolder piece of turd compulsive piece of garbage if there's a radio
hell he'll be there all by himself 19 kiln the 560 WQ maybe fat boil either too nah that's
bad fat boy's great compared to him and he sucks 19 before 12 at 560 WQ and by the way Pete
still off knows that the holidays are coming and that's why Jeff is the whipping up that
massive pizza and mozzarella son you can so all of our Jewish friends out there can continue to
enjoy the great food at the pizza lot you don't have to worry about because it's on 11 baby that's
right and it's delicious it tastes just like the real thing in fact when is he gonna bring that
stuff over here one day next week I hope okay seriously remember after we had a last year I said
to him gee wow you're gonna make this all the time because I never said no it's too hard to make
so be ice cold icecaps melt and media is hurling towards earth earthquakes ready to level
entire cities and volcanoes ready to erupt what the hell are you being so safe and healthy for
life on this planet could end tomorrow for all you know yet there you are still eating low fat
low-cal dinners and practice and safe sex well we sure as heck are we're chubby greasy spoon and
we love guys hey baby soon as al though climbs up you can't bring me over that time a
bright light sore thanks sugar at chubby we don't care about cholesterol or STDs we don't really
care about much of it we're living the 60s lifestyle in a 90s kind of world because we know it may
all be over tomorrow hey baby want to go for a little tumble you'd be my 200 second today I don't
know if I should know what if there is no tomorrow you're right this guy be a cold conference
it's chubby greasy spoon and free love donner come in today like right now oh eleven forty six
at five sixty w came in at Georgia's really just shaken he was a good guy he was a good guy he
was nice to the underling when I was an underling he was nice to everybody everybody got along
with sunny I don't remember sunny ever saying a bad word about anybody any having any kind of a
conflict although I know I do remember one story about him get I don't remember what it was
about that's why it stands out in my mind one time I guess he went ballistic about something
went into Bob Green and just jumped up and down like I don't remember what it was about but other
than that in all those years it just didn't happen because he was a very easygoing guy well
like by everybody and they he died a broken man they broke his spirit because the one thing that
mattered to him in life was being the voice of the university Miami sports was there a problem
with that no no of course there are a bunch of backstabbers too how come I left them out is if I
don't know that remember that when Hank and I were going to do that game when the sunny was
out Rick Weaver had to go somewhere whatever was and sunny white to do a dolphin game to fill in
for Rick Weaver some weekend so we had a U of M baseball game to broadcast I only broadcast U M
baseball for six years by the way ended a spectacular job by everyone's account even my Grozen
tall so they were going to have me do the a play by play and Hank do the color we thought be a
lot of fun Hank was doing nights and I would be at that time we were looking forward to it and
university Miami Blue Noses one or two of those assholes over there one or two of those homophobic
assholes there no we don't want him we don't want to knock it over so Mike Disney to his credit said
okay well if that's the case we just won't broadcast the game at all nice going this how do you
like that because there's a lot of assholes over there at that university Miami that's my opinion
I'm like Disney right exactly right F and A so don't leave them out because they also stabbed him
in the back they're the ones who responsible all what we feel we need to make a change yeah no
loyalty whatsoever you heard a cool bastard with your bankrupt goddamn program oh that's right
they're gonna be on your stations big deal they still suck we got plenty of stuff on his station that
sucks believe me what's that what's that you hear that you hear that beep maybe the facts machines
out of paper dying or what is that beep could be is that what that is I'll check it
suggestion for today oh this this is this CPA go go find some work way yeah
South Florida's most attractive news anchors and reporters yeah like Marilyn Mitchell she's
attractive like my golden retriever left a pile in a backyard who looks just like Marilyn
Mitchell I could in fact I kept you know hey Marilyn what are you doing in my yard yeah
with those crossed eyes and at the where that the cat woman look like cat woman just had some
grow test disease still short still short that spot it just keeps going through my mind over and
over that bud light spot I can't get out of my mind seriously first they reject the credit card
sorry guys and the old a holds out is like three crumbled up singles in whether the keys and the
change not enough yeah it's hard to figure who's the best but my favorite in that spot was paper or
plastic he's the best I could just watch that spot all day it's you're more entertaining the most
of the stuff that's on TV who was the jazz buff on wynz during the gym Harper days who followed
a preceded the net the net somebody net what the net I don't know I vaguely have some ideas see now all
us old parts we got to remember back cuz you don't even remember gym Harper with that purple
a sweater he wore every and he wasn't really he was very low key and very mild mannered but he
wasn't that nice of a guy when he really come right down with he's been dead a long time
it was very nice good here's a traffic remote will report in Oakland Park hello
yeah I need all there's a major league traffic down southbound the wreck at uh sunrise
it's a car rear end of the semi i'm 95 i'm 95 south sunrise okay and in Vegas the best way to beat
the traffic is day at valley because you're right there flamingo in the strip so you don't have to
get caught in that strip traffic yeah holdy I have to you know I just got to stay at the mgm I love it
or else just park at the x caliber and then walk across the street to the mgm yeah so you can get
in and out of the x caliber yeah or just uh you know just stay in one place okay don't move thanks
to the bad news there i listen you know it's something you're gonna have a good time you have to put
up with some inconveniences so there's a bad traffic problem in Vegas the guy was right about that
it's getting more more congested you know see we should only have a traffic problem because we got
so many tourists we have a traffic problem because we got a bunch of assholes here don't know how to
drive we got a bunch of old people in their jukenoo's who would have absolutely don't belong in a road
we got a bunch of scared banana boat people driving their beat up all the brown toy odors that don't
belong on the road with no brakes no headlights you know the story we've been through it a million times
oh gee it's gonna get out of hand we're gonna have too many tourists yeah god forbid we should
actually have people want to come here to have a good time well they can always go to the lipton
five six seven oh five sixty i mean that just sounds so panzy asked to me the the lipton oh did you
go to the lipton for what for what's too much of guys whacking their balls back and forth
see a bunch of dikes out there playing ladies tennis i'm not interested okay sorry no interest
the kinds of things that are supposed to be the big events in this town yeah i mean you're just
you're just kidding yourself all you chamber of commerce people all you politician you're just
stroking yourself that's all you're doing your holes in everybody you're full of crap anybody
there's ever been any place like all these people talking about vagus vagus even the southern
baptis when a yellow is goody two shoes phonies when they have a convention where they go vagus
that's right they plunge their brains out they get laid and then they next day they lie about it
you know or else they can vest their sins and everybody likes to be even better
here's a bokeh hello yes sir listen when i'm in New York i want you to know that
i listen to your my computer i think it's great excellent what i had a dollar for everybody
it's listening on the audio and at all over the world right now i could buy lunch tomorrow no kidding
it's really great on a your card you can go back a month or whatever it's really terrific listen
let me ask you something at night how come like after midnight there is you can get nothing on
the radio appear in bokeh access fantasations because you're supposed to be sleeping no but it
means that i cut the signal down or they do do something what happens there uh-huh they have to
after sundown is there right yes that's nothing new that's been uh i know that it is but what's the
reason i don't understand them make specials because at night the atmosphere is thinner so radio
signals travel farther and they interfere with each other so protect the other signals that are
that's the way we got to do it so i get absolutely nothing except spanish stations and for
right so that's a good time to put in those uh cassettes right okay pal thanks good luck
that's the FCC you know you assholes up there in Washington the FCC if you had a brain you'd be
dangerous okay let a bunch of grave robbers come in and buy up air be god damn station we got uh
you know and they even bought out j-court man oh man what an embarrassment what an unbelievable
queer channel they even bought out j-court all their stations so they can stick dr. Laura on and
they can stick fat ass limbaugh air and Tommy don't like us on air be marginal candy ass so-called talent
with that same boring garbage on every station in america i'm really shocked that these people
haven't uh you know adopted the same uh because that's all they know is they love cheap that's our pull
question who's cheaper beasley read or the uh queer channel people that's our pull question today
oh but we'd like to pay you with some stock how about you want some stock no no thanks
yeah in fact the rumor has it that the rich royals get paid only in stock no money good stock
that's why i talked about the market you know rick really seriously i do like you even though you
don't believe that i like rick he's bizarre he's complicated suds we all like but rick is you know
an acquired taste but the idea of my turning on the radio and hearing rick riley talking about
the stock market will be you know it will be like turning on watching a cartoon and hearing elmer
fun talk about brain surge it just it just don't fly here's another traffic report in north mimey
uh yeah how you doing Neil great you saved my life i'm a messenger out here we love you
anyway this accident 235th Street stock found 95 yes sir backed up all the way past golden
blades standing still Jesus Christ yeah what a mess yeah and uh i just was about the sixth
accident i came today and i've been working on my dad i told you there's something wrong out there
i think it's because of that damn the ballgame no forget them
i'll come off keep going okay thanks five six seven oh five sixty so beware okay you got the two
locations you got with the one up there and open and then one hundred and thirty fifth southbound at
the ninety five so if i were you wide to get out and i just go walk over to ballies
plunge my brains out then walk across the street to a season in the maraj treasurer island
oh vegas you know even the weather and biggest i know some people it's too hot there's a hundred and ten
degree you know something i like it when it's hot and big it doesn't but the only thing that does
bother me it's a very minor thing is the you know the electric shock that you get because
everything is so dry they touch a railing or anything the talc you touch no you know it's like
going to raford feel like a little practice for old sparky you know but other than that i like it
when it's a hundred and twelve and it doesn't bother me because most of the time you're inside anyway
and it's dry and it's the beautiful the sun is the high sun and the perfectly blue sky and you
look off and there's lots more tiniest in the background with a snow on top it's it's heavenly
i mean i realize it's not the kind of landscape we got here yeah like in the everglades with the
you know gators in the marsh in the marsh in the grass in the weeds and whatever's in there yeah
in the manatees i want to scholarship the other day
for you and then say we need you to play then add an awful that i thought was cool
just when it's with Paul it's so bad about school he's sad food
we had food he had food he had food he had food
that's it we got something standing for you just when the game is all that you got to do
you have all the drugs and women you've ever seen this hearty down the street in a lima
think we had food yes okay
okay
we had food
the mc double a they show god's kiss they gave the school a little slap on the rim
but that's what that is just another day we're gonna keep on doing what we do anyway we
had food
he had food
he had food
he had food
no problem two a five sixty w if you may never met in the literate asshole they didn't like it
you and my football program i'll tell you that anyway we are kicking at you today our own
usually very very sad day for us sunny hers are good friend passed away overnight
and like i said way back 1976 k a t i'm going to read that picture and there's earth
chindler is in that picture surely spellaburg that bitch craig wore thing yours truly
siddler venn lind russell jim alton who i leave on and sunny accords and christmires
and how a primer is in there too that must ask you an asshole you know how a primer he's an
asshole wow man oh man something you know i see if there's money in the family it always helps
just keep that in mind if somebody's got some money in the family it always helps out
here's a mobile in deer field beach hello Neil yes sir can you ask me a question please can i
ask you a question answering a question please i'll work on it uh what did dav joseph the
front settle have against pompino park 150 thousand dollar race and not one word about the result
the 49 mile and they start to contract record i wish i was out of town at weekend i wish
tell i would have seen it it must have been just unbelievable it was great to read it yeah well
you know like i said before there's this big scandal at freehold that we read anything about it
here no that record breaking ratio talking about uh at pop it apart couple weeks ago not a word
about it that it was coming up that it was done yeah then this is the way this time works if they're
interested then they'll write about it if not forget it's just strictly bush Lee the falling
company bush Lee the falling son they had right about some horse or willing to yeah and by the way
to answer your question since they fired some lady i don't remember what her name was who was a
good friend of dav Joseph at pompino park who evidently was in common but since he got a raspire
he's got a bug up his ass about them so he isn't going to buy anything positive no matter what they do
okay well and that's the way this town works you know that's uh that's the name of the game
right kneeling closing walley from pincer Edward island yeah i know what's going to say hello hey
okay thanks for that wanted to shot in the last race last night walley it is a little concerned
around that first turn area walley hennessey you know there's that expression as uh as the
nasty as they want to be walley is as good as he wants to be you know what i mean by that
when he wants to be good he's good right walley how's it going hey maybe i'll see him at the game
hey you can stop by a little longer than just shake my hand walley you know i know you i know why
you're running i know all those tickets i've turned up there at the track still we don't hold it
against you we don't know do we take it personally hold it against walley hennessey we do five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in candle hello all right here's
right there with a one ball two strike six sixty oh holy is that a champion for the world
the hurricane for the home as a college wall series champion yeah great all right thanks Ken
i'll tell you one thing that Ken blasher got a library of stuff don't he got all those dog races
he's got sunny Hershey all kinds of great stuff thank you sir see it's a hell of a no one got to
rely on the audience to call in with sunny Hersh highlights what does that tell you about this
although blufflands you did say this morning uh you think i'd call over to the other station
i mean i know we're competitors but the thing we can get some footage from them
and i say yeah butchup you know take some butchup pills for a couple hours and then
they'll build up the nerve and call the worst can happen as they can say you know
why would they want to do that they got nobody listening over there anyway five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line you killed them Pete you killed them
here's Miami hello hello yes sir how are you doing Neil great good i could have lived till 85
easy you know it was in his genes he could live till 90 but they killed them over there a queer channel
go ahead sir i'm sorry James bitter getting bitter about the assholes in this business that
destroy other people that squashed him like a like a net that's right uh listen this thinking
about people who need brain surgery whether it be uh people who work at radio stations or these
people on the street you know if any good doctors or surgeons they know how to do brain surgery
no my father was in entered in the hospital back in January of 98 and they were supposed to do a
procedure on his crowded artery crowded in dark directory right or anyway uh he plotted
the surgeon came back and first out the uh technician in the emergency room he says what in the
hell did you do to this gentleman and uh oh in the meantime he uh he uh was taken in for a
second surgery and did he say oh yeah clap and then oh oh yeah and then he eventually uh wound
up about 15 hours later with a right cerebral hemorrhage Jesus Christ and he and so he was
due out the very next day he had played glass uh 18 holes a day prior and uh so I spent six months
in that uh a a trospital over there called mercy oh my god oh my god and so my wife and I uh we had
to uh take care of some of the answers of people that visited and uh do you think that they cared
the doctors no no no no so to this day the only closure I got was when I wrote to uh in fact the
doctor Michael the bakey out in uh uh Houston Texas University of I'm using the method of hospital
he said I gotta have heart yeah well I said it was probably a technical error so uh but do you
get the rest of my blood test results that my good friend Dr. Mark so we can go Wednesday which is
nine days ago if my uh can't figures are right oh boy can't even get the rest of those final blood
test results which you know I'm sure that there's something really devastating and important on
there that's why I've taken into my own hands I come on medication way down I blood sugar was 78
this morning I'm getting myself back in the shape I can't wait for somebody else to do it
boy oh boy so he was finally cremated but he was given a big send off which I appreciate
you American people but you truly same people he was given a full 21 gun salute with the
S-port 21 yeah 21 and uh he was a surgeon Arlington and so anyway um we're if I ever have to
have surgery I think I'm gonna have to go to Montreal get one of those do it yourself kids man
okay I got a I got a shameless yes uh put the lotion in the back okay have a great thing
have a great okay I'll stick it now I'm in its past noon at 5.50 WQM we got one or two open lines
on air at line eight is that ever going to work no are they going to come and fix your phone
more these days or no see if I was involved I would be getting excited about you know I just I
just don't understand it if I live to be a thousand I'll never understand what kind of people
run a place that have that don't care they just don't care we've been saying that out loud we've
been muttering under our breath we've been saying that out loud for 15 months now since we came to
this place and and I've never ever worked for anybody before maybe they didn't care but they never
really wanted to make it as obvious as they do here here they flaunted when you walk into the studio
there's a big sign in the hallway it's no matter what is going on we don't care sign Greg Reed
bluff Lindsay Bob McKay kid Curry whatever it is they don't care so stop bothering us okay
the boss is busy buying a new suit and get his hairs cut
and we're going to go through all the time who's the barman in your house you're calling
that's okay and my team can't keep my heart and I'll be hey that's perfect for us this is a Mickey
mouse place and we're proud of it in fact George can't call I can't use his phone in there okay
so our friends the hey Collagen man we need water immediately if not sooner okay we don't
want to leave these back to tie and dry up here all weekend long especially since some of our
friends here we're kind of we can like Joe Castello and Mad Dog both camp are people like that
so if the Collagen folks are listening we need some water okay desperately we don't want to beg do
we want to beg uh-huh okay we're begging five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile
online hang guilty with you from Tampa where they're doing the final four how about those Spartans huh
winter lose everybody saying well you know Duke is the best team ever hey they got to play the game
first that's the way I look at it probably get our ass kicked but nevertheless they made it to
the final four let's hear it for those goddamn Spartan thought Tareny heard about Nisha getting
the same old Taren schools let's hear it once and for all 20 years later after the fact for Michigan
state right F&A here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir yeah my name is Glenn Lewis I used to work
with Sunny with the sports channel at the U of M football baseball games right he's going to be
missed by all the crew members he was a great guy to work with yeah sure and you know we've got
missed them yep and like you said how was the U of M people but for sportscasters use one of the
top ones around yeah great guy okay thanks thank you okay yeah there's a few of us that you know
appreciate you know not not just a guy that's got a little bit of talent but also was a nice guy
and not an arrogant prick like so many of the people in this business walk around thinking
their stuff don't stink five six seven oh five they want to brow beat all the little people you
know I know people like that want to boss everybody around brow beat the underlings you know open up a big
mouth boss and everybody around like like I said like their stuff don't stink they don't impress me
I know what a bunch of phonies that kind of people is that that that kind of people and five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line we keep pumping those numbers pumping them
cranking them out we're doing okay not great we're done all right we'll make a comeback here's
Volka hello Volka yeah I want to ask you questions yeah um I heard you're blood sugar real this was
78 yes how often do you do a blood test how often will I take my blood sugar yeah two or four times
today you have a glucamera obviously what is it you have a glucamera right I do my of course I do
my own are you diabetic absolutely not that I could go three years old and you don't test your
own blood I sure do okay oh one other question do you take insulin or you don't I do not I don't
take anything now I don't take anything at all because I'm on the diet and I take nothing your
bad sounds great I've been listening to you now I moved to Florida year and a half ago and I love
you and I like your program okay thank you thank you take care yourself okay there you go those
I see that your health of it I know a lot of people think it's boring but if you don't have your
health man it makes no difference how much money you got you you have nothing don't let them get
you down don't let them don't let them stress you out don't let them destroy you just like this
freaking audience here the last we announced two weeks two weeks running in fact two weeks that
we've been in this studio both weeks that's how I described them doing great on this and we're
doing spectacular other than Georgia's phone will work but that's a technical thing and that they
don't care about here but other net we're kicking some serious serious but audience dead just
dried up man like all of a sudden somebody pulled a big big plug somebody pulled the animal
tube out of the record that was it five six seven oh five sixty and I don't give a crap I don't
want to hear about oh it's and what's the big deal why do you have a holiday when somebody gets
crucified you know what kind of a holiday is that sit around and have you know I have a big dinner
and run around chasing Easter eggs on a lot like it's party time because somebody got nailed up on
a cross what the hell is that and as far as just another excuse for us to get drunk all past
the wine packed them out of chevets and here's all this flat bread or whatever that mobs is you
know what what is this did anybody call in here today and give us the significance of this latest
idiotic holiday that's being celebrated now anybody do that no come on let's hear from the
Jews out oh that's right you're all busy buying the stuff I'm sorry as long as it's as long as
it's a Lorenzo that's okay mobile in four-lotterdale hello Neil got it yes sir hey real quick two
things that you were talking earlier about that by the is a button like commercial with the toilet
paper there the best next next time you see it take a look in the background they only show him a
couple of times there's kind of a big fact guy in the back and he's holding a newspaper and he's
just kind of like leaning up against a rock in there and then being huge bold print on the newspaper
it says big dump plans oh it's beautiful really I know like I obviously have no life if I spotted
that but I love it it is great they only show him a couple times so you got to you got to focus
no nothing like ballac there could there be a big big plan unbelievable maybe it's Mr. Whipple
hey and the other thing Nicholas Listeram is God okay whatever you say sir five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line this guy's all excited the Red Wing's got all
those old guys they signed up desperation to try to make it three in a row to try to three
feet oh god do I hit when people say that can't stand it here's a mobile in Miami hello
hello yes sir are you doing a step in there I don't know we're kind of like running out of steam
here I think we're gonna have another ballgame first time call a long time listen all right just
want you know I don't really follow any organized team field sports in Miami or any place else
that matters pretty terminal although I do follow one sport um when he told this field sports
in the world most regulated too yeah yeah about four thousand years old I'm listening it's
you know what it's called I'm listening sir it's okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah yes sir oh crap um
thanks thanks to the our travel report for a southbound 95 is what you're here for sir to keep
you out of that mess I got off got up 44 you want to guess what so the wife can do it by car
amazing oh oh true seriously anyway um I uh yeah do you want to hear that thing or I'm sure you
want to let CNN stuff on Ghost of a Rock site no I was at the track last night making a few bucks
and yes and we're saying that uh I don't know how to talk to him so my man has been dead for so long
I mean who gives a crap what he says who cares what he said we're just trying to push our political
views on everybody and they don't mention anything about that that's what and what crap that they're doing
over there just forget about him okay don't worry dead man can't run the world okay just
to forget about him all right come here to God just cut the uh just cut the switch on the
Elton's pacemaker and forget about him already beer confident is Passover paste near is at Monticello
that's right this is a thing that they've been doing for about a hundred years now the Passover
Pace at Monticello raceway already beer is coming back to drive it's a special race for Jewish
drivers only now let's see who's going to be in the race um Richie Silverman of course Jackie Rice
Jackie Moe Jack Moiseev Alan Schwartz Alan Hoffman Arnie Woolow-Lotion whoever that is Steve Finkelstein
Evan Katz Alex Puchal Mark Lieberwitz Ian Kaufman Barry Siegel Nikki Golden Paul Succhau
Byron Lassen Howard Taylor Jimmy Shields Jess Zabulski and Alan Charles
They're all going to be going boy April 5th at Monticello how come we don't have an all-Jewish race down here at
Pompa Doparca I mean we don't have Hector Lenin and Ben Lenin up down here anymore
so my good friend John Cashman at the track last night from Castle in Farms how are we going to see John
567-0560-POM 560 on the mobile one line you can you can just feel it you can smell it you know
you can smell it we're coming to a real nasty clothes to the week isn't it bad enough that we have to
overcome the depression from sunny harsh passing away prematurely and unnecessarily because they
kill them isn't that bad enough these people won't give a crap they're not going to come to our aid
when we need them here's a mobile-informed Myers hello mobile-informed Myers hey Neil yes sir
let's make sure sword swallowers gets on that list uh-huh and how about lowest
ferricon's bodyguards really check these guys out what's ferricon okay I think it's time for you
to check out pal 567-0560 any interest POM 560 on a mobile one line here's a mobile-in Miami hello
hey Neil yes sir hey this is told in the beaners you don't want us to play a baseball
on Cuba we we we we okay great it's all all you beaners here's a mobile-in Miami hello
Neil yes sir what do you think about how do you think that's for that guy we're not talking about
that sir yes go ahead what do you what do you think about how do you become in a county meaning what
well more genius wants to once higher layer to become a county I say what we
want to do with high a layer is surgically removed from the map and floated south okay just
floated with raw martina standing alone in the middle of it how does that count good to you that's
my that's my vote 567-0560 POM 560 on a mobile one line well I got some real good stuff
to you up by the way great music here's a mobile in Miramar hello
Neil mobile in Miramar yes hey Neil when you die and come down here and hell fire and burn with
everybody else yeah no I am real how long do you work on that sir how long did you have
somebody else's finger in your recto inspire that massive uh missive huh here's a lady mobile
in Fort Lauderdale hello yes man hi Neil just called to say that the lady listeners will miss
much and thinking about them all day and thank you for your words okay and have a great day
okay this audience is out of material thanks for letting us know that thank you very much for your
interest for about two hours and 25 minutes today that's it hangkele be here at two from Tampa
in the meantime I'm gonna sit back relax I guess that wonderful lunch from Chuck's
it's Friday you best champ who can't do it for you lord knows your boyfriend can't do it even
come on and that pile of dead batteries on your dresser shows that you're getting tired of
doing it yourself so you're just about all set to be coming on right yeah well before you take
that lifelong vow check out the all new pill for women viagre while the men are busy popping their
potency pills you can be sitting pretty with the first pharmaceutical orgasm drug ever that's amazing
so let him watch the clock I took it at 6.15 I'll be ready in about 45 minutes because in 45 minutes
you'll be asleep I'm ready hey viagre the first step towards the complete elimination of men
help you see baby
babies have you always wanted large breasts but we're afraid of leaks from silicon implants
well worry no more it's reducing new chia broth that's right the same technology that made
the popular chia pets can now be used to enhance your bloodline just spread on the scene water
you proved daily and they'll grow grow grow don't be a panty patty be a missile
Melissa with new chia broth call before midnight tonight 1 800 big 8487 that's 1 800 big 8487
you figure out chia broth
it's safe in Miami town
yes
advice to cook you
I have a stick of butter, and I'm out here.
Stick it all in a bowl, baby.
Stick with a little grease bowl.
Mix in a cup of flour, you'll be in harry soon.
Say it about a half a scene, my balls are big and salty and brown.
And you ever need a quick pick me up, just stick my balls in your mouth.
Ooh, cut down my chop, let's start that ball.
OK.
Stick them in your mouth, and start them.
Cut down my chop, let's start that ball.
They're fashionable, right and lunch, and good for you.
So touch my mouth.
All right.
What a couple of unsweetened chaps left.
And I have a cup of brandy.
And throw my two of sugar.
And just to finish off my Miller.
See that?
Breathe out the cookie cheese, come to hate when my balls get bit free.
He'll have them to be thin.
And give them food a lit.
Say you ever thought a half a scene, my balls are big and salty and brown.
And you ever need a quick pick me up, just stick my balls in your mouth.
That's all my chop, let's start that ball.
All right, put him in my bin, suck him.
Suck him, my job, miss out this ball.
The effect was a good list.
High five, huh?
Hey, wait a minute.
Who gets mail?
You smell like so-toothed burnin'.
Well, that don't for fun, Mina.
Now that I get my red pain on fire.
If you better get back at the kitchen,
cause I got a sneak in suspicion.
Oh, man, baby.
Baby, you just burned my bow.
I got my, my bow's on fire.
The fire's on fire.
The fire's on fire.
Give it to one.
Push the one over.
The fire's on fire.
I'm sick of this.
I'm full of the fire and do something.
Oh, suck on my job, miss out this ball.
Put him in my bed, suck him.
Help my baby.
Suck on my job, miss out this ball.
Put him out, baby.
Blow.
Suck on my bow, baby.
Suck on my bow, baby.
Suck on my bow, man.
Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it.
Come up here, miss.
Whoa, whoa, stop my bow.
Thank you, thank you.
Twenty-two-one is five.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Here's a challenge to be young,
since that call themselves Rances.
Sixty.
WQA in.
There was no farmer who lived on a rock.
He's adding the metal just shaking his fist
that some boys who were down by the frick.
There being the waters there is on their marbles
and play things and at half past four.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubbles
and leases and white fluffy duck.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children,
so they would not spit.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling,
wrapped you thin layer from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her,
I let the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a size of a home in the country
with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for likely she'd show him her
little pet dog who was subject to bits.
And maybe she'd let him wrap hold of her small tender
and with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck out his candy
so tasty made of butter, Scotch.
And then he'd spread with cream all over her cookies
that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you could go to yourself.
I'll tear you.
1246 is 560 WQM.
I'll tell you we're going to have a lot of music in here
between now and two.
And I understand I realize that when the town dries up,
there's not much you can do about it, not much we can do about it.
So why not, I'm not going to stress myself out like Sonny Hirsch.
I'm going to kill myself for this crowd.
No.
No, you want to call me, got 400 open lines.
And a morning show, the afternoon show, this show,
the nighttime show, we got a bunch of dead heads out there.
I got the lady in Phoenix back on here.
I got the...
I would tear you.
Lady back on.
That was my evil twin that called you.
You're likely to be stirring.
So I don't like this.
I got a call from Phoenix.
Dave Broward and Palm Beach and Monroe.
They're a four-mire.
They're not interested.
But the Phoenix lady, she's a superstar now.
She's calling again.
Yes, I am.
I want you to spread the word since you're outside of the state of Florida.
Spread the word of the free world that Florida has officially died the last two weeks.
This town has died.
From what?
Yeah, I have no idea.
Go ahead, ask me.
Oh.
Just died.
Anyway, let's talk about sports.
No.
No.
Specifically hockey.
No.
Why?
Because nobody here cares about hockey.
Why not?
You're against them.
I don't know.
I haven't been working here 100 years.
I don't know what they care about.
hockey's out one of them.
Well, I'll have a pass.
We got a $10 million dollar.
I don't care about basketball.
We got a $10 million dollar hockey player.
He says, I'll come back when we're ready.
We're on the verge of being eliminated from the playoffs.
It's not ready yet.
I'll let you know when I'm ready to come back.
What about...
I remember Bob Bond scores the winning goal for Lisa
and the playoffs against Detroit.
Playing on a broken ankle.
This guy's got a, you know, a sore on his knee.
And he'll be back when he's good and ready, you know.
What can you do to bring Steve Barnes back?
We don't need Steve Barnes.
We got Ray Winning.
Have a nice day, sweetheart.
Oh my god.
Oh god.
Oh.
See, she called the other day.
It was funny.
It was amusing, okay?
I would dare you.
That big fat cow called from Phoenix.
But don't worry about that.
Don't push it.
Obviously she's got a little problem there.
She wants an ego.
She wants a life.
We can't make it for her.
We can't invent it.
Any more we can invent a life for the people right here in town.
We don't have one.
Which is most of them.
Last chance, okay.
I got some great stuff.
I mean, you thought that rambler, man, which I love that, by the way.
You'll see those two pre-sitting there in the bar.
Founding each other under the table.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Count 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in South America.
What was that?
No, don't even waste your time, okay?
Don't even waste the effort.
Here's the mobile in sunrise.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I had my listen to the first team lately.
I understand they're going off the air.
Yes.
Could you tell me something about the program that's going on?
It's Monday morning, six o'clock, sir.
That's all I can tell you.
You'll really enjoy it.
Here's the mobile in Washington.
Hello?
Honey, oh.
Yes, sir.
Last call of the day.
I hope not.
You're in.
Yeah, I'm in.
You're in.
Well, about the assistant brain doctor.
My brother had brain cancer, had a great doctor.
And his name was Dr. Stone.
It worked out of the Broward County Hospital.
And second thing, the listening to you, the end majors had the Haitians
picketing outside the Steregrino station.
And I was getting the radio waves.
And I was listening to another, he went to Amsterdam station.
And then they said something about scan majors.
I caught him, he went off the air, and that's when I caught him.
Yeah.
So, then, tell me, you got a Panther fan, a deceiving chick, it's the end of all the places.
Oh, yeah, we got a lot of Panther fans, Pell.
We got a $10 million guy who's not going to play when we definitely need him to still have a chance to play off.
And nobody in this town has got anything to say about it.
I'm the only one that's got an opinion.
That's what this town is all about.
What's a deadhead, sir?
They'll show up there tonight and they'll be talking to each other and holding their babies up in front of my face
and waving across the arena to each other.
It's pathetic.
It's all make-believe.
Just like Tom and I said, it's only make-believe.
It's been good for me because I have up the level of seats.
I've been sitting in the lower table last 10 games.
Yeah.
And so, I get down there for the fight for the upper bowl.
So, it's been good for me.
Well, good for you.
I'm happy for you.
It's your ever-great day.
I mean, if that came to the end of the night, it was good for any of us to have an help us.
5, 6, 7.
Any interest today?
Last chance.
Last opportunity.
It proved that I'm wrong.
Okay.
To prove there's some life that we got a few people out there that somebody's got something to say about anything, about Passover, about Pavel Breh, about any goddamn thing in the world.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We're pushing, we're pressing, we're squeezing, we're reaching, we're feeling, we're grabbing, are we coming up with anything?
No.
No, we're probing.
Man, oh my, get the flashlights out.
Let's have a search party.
Let's open up the door and go up and down 441 to see if we find anybody alive who isn't some kind of a banana boat drifter.
5, 6, 7, 05, I'm gonna wait, I'm gonna wait till we got a whole bunch of money.
I'm, I'm yet to be convinced.
What I've seen go and I've said, and every day it gets worse, that's the best part.
Each day at the Terrier Race.
Yesterday we almost had Hank do in suicide at 530.
It's not bad enough he's got to follow a Marlon exhibition, and that's not bad enough.
They just leave him hanging out there to drive this audience, just like they're doing to me today.
And yesterday, and the 84 that end last week and a half, last two weeks since we came into this room.
That's what they're pissed off about this room.
Don't ask me why, can they see the room?
Huh?
No, but they're pissed about it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
I'm just gonna sit back in the chair and wait.
72 years I've been doing this business in this town.
I've never ever, if you know we've had our moments, you already know that.
But never ever encountered a time like this.
Not for a day, not for an hour, not for a couple of days.
For two solid weeks, getting worse and worse and worse.
That nobody's got anything to say, because they're too busy out there buying their goddamn matthas or whatever they're doing.
Getting their Easter eggs ready to stick in somebody's rectum, whatever they do with them.
Max X down 33 cents.
The doubt is down 13.87.
Everything is just down.
Sonny Hurst dies.
We're down about that.
Audience is down in the depths of that we have no idea why, but they're down.
They're suicidal.
We're not really sure why.
Maybe because they're here.
Maybe that's what it is.
Maybe because of that ball game on Sunday.
Anybody mentioned the ball game?
Don't do it.
Not interested.
Wait for your breath on somebody else that cares about that.
Much you do about nothing.
You're going to let a bunch of binnavaled people dictate what your life is going to be all about.
And what to you?
That's all I can tell you.
Here's Wilton Manners.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Great.
You know, you got to calm down a little bit.
You're pretty upset today.
No, I'm not.
I'm out of set at all.
I just would like to talk to somebody.
That's all.
Why do people say this when I start having to go through this song and a dance about getting people to call?
Well, there's a lot of us that know a lot about hockey.
You just think we don't, but we do.
So what am I going to hear it?
You heard it right now.
Okay.
I'd like to say go sabers, hopefully they can take it.
What does that mean go sabers?
Does that mean you know something about hockey?
Yes, sir.
Go sabers.
Is that a hockey discussion?
Yeah.
It is.
Yeah.
I think there's a call off Rick Jenner right?
Okay, get out of here.
He'll hang up on it.
He'll snap the foam of the suspenders out of your hands.
Okay, so if you want to be able to say Buffalo wings, get out of here.
How do you like this?
That was perfect.
That's just what I'm talking about.
Well, there's a lot of us that know.
First of all, he's rooting for an out of town team just like I do for the least.
That's okay.
But he's got nothing to say about.
Go sabers is not a hockey discussion, sir.
It's not a comment.
It's not it's not provocative.
It's not interesting.
It's just stupid.
Like the guy that calls and says go red wings.
Hi, I got one for you.
Go leaf.
Go.
How do you like that?
If we ever win another game, which I doubt.
There is a conversation list for you.
I want to lay some hockey stuff on you.
Go sabers.
Yeah.
But why don't they kick this ass out of cheek to waga, huh?
They wouldn't let this loser back in Hamburg, New York.
Even when the chickens in the cows running around there at Buffalo Raceway.
They wouldn't let this guy back.
I got news for you.
They wouldn't put your ass on the fan forum.
That's why you're calling this show.
Okay.
They wouldn't put you on here.
Absolutely unbelievable.
The nature of the people in this town.
And by the way, foul.
Buffalo blows and photo the bill.
How do you like that?
A nice goal by Matthew Barnaby for a Pittsburgh last night, sir.
I don't think he's playing for you guys anymore.
Beautiful goal.
Nice going there, Matt.
Matt the rat.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Who?
Yes, sir.
Yes, I don't want to kick it.
I don't want anything.
Yeah.
I don't want to talk about sports.
I just want to say everybody in Miami is dead.
Okay.
Thanks for the bulletin, sir.
The day Miami died.
That's what we need.
Book a brand to an American pie.
Take off, huh?
Bye-bye to whatever.
You know, the day Miami died.
Because it died.
This town died official.
It's official.
Just like when you're waiting after the race.
Okay.
It's official.
The rigged red light went up on the tote board.
Miami is dead.
Right.
I thought it was us.
I was starting to take it personal.
Hank was starting to take it personal.
The worst team.
They should take it personal.
Now they're going to their finished anyway.
1256 at 560 WM.
And when you sent and listened to this, the one after another.
Hey, I got something to talk about.
You think we don't know nothing?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, tell me something.
Go savers.
You know something.
I am so goddamn impressed.
Okay.
Okay.
If I had to vote, I'd be able to describe you.
I just don't have the kind of vocabulary to totally and fully and thoroughly express the astonishment
and amazement that I feel with your perspickacity and the ability to really verbalize and vocalize
your stupidity.
Go savers.
Hahaha.
Anybody ever been to Buffalo, by the way?
Seeing the kind of people that are in Buffalo.
And they do have that good show on fan TV on Empire.
I will say that.
They get a lot better sports calls than the station does.
But they're all from out of town.
I guess they're from like Lee Roy and Vittavia, O'Neillana, Cannon DeGro, Geneva, Penaan, Glenn's
Falls, Honey Roy Falls.
Right?
You're on the quite.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Oh, yeah.
You win, Brad Boys.
Never made a door.
You make the all you never saw because they're each other's paw and they're forking their
paws.
Russian, they're gums.
Because they ain't got no teeth.
Most days are mountain there, Mama, because they can't get to see.
Oh, I see.
They're in the way.
They don't know how.
That's just a little more bonding going, tipping from cows.
Just to be Brad Boys.
Wouldn't change if they could.
It's ruined with Darwin because there came folkism wood.
Okay, it's 102 at 550 WQM.
Our poll question today is who's the bigger asshole, Pete Bozer or Pete Bozer?
That's our poll question.
Huh?
Well, no, it's one from Colom and one from Colom.
It's a multiple choice with only one choice.
Who is the biggest asshole?
Love them all.
In fact, that's a good thing.
I forgot that.
God, that would have been perfect today.
Here we go.
A little dedication for it.
I'm five, six, eight.
I want to tell you a story about the brand new world's biggest asshole.
Yes.
It's a brand new story about the brand new world's biggest asshole.
Yes.
His name is Pete Bozer and he's a new world's biggest asshole.
Oh, yeah.
Three minutes after one at five, 60 WQM, the Hank Goldberg show from Tampa, side of the final four, baby.
Hank will be on two to six.
Then we got to briefly, we got Donnie Beon from 67.
Are you ready for that?
No.
Donnie Beon, while you're ready, not Hill Beon.
And then we be at the Macaroon.
I don't know if I'm going to that game or not.
Anybody wants those tickets?
John's not going.
He's giving up.
He just can't stand it anymore.
I don't know.
I'll probably go.
No, see one thing.
You're laughing.
I won't eat.
All I have is a diet soda.
That's all I have.
That's like three hours or four hours because I get there early.
Four hours of not eating because I'm not going to eat any wings over price crap anyway.
So that's good because I've been on such great behavior virtually all week.
Except for the guy that sent me the smarties with my airplane tickets and don't ever do that again, please.
Why do people do that?
Look at Sonny.
He's dead.
Probably one meal too many.
You know, somebody did in his sorrow.
Oh, there was a screw in his life over somebody fed him one meal too many.
That was it.
That's what I'll put on my tombstone.
One box of smarties too many put him over the edge.
One Ben and Jerry's, you know, one fish food pint over the edge.
Stop doing it.
Fat is a killer.
It's ugly.
It's gross.
And it makes you sick.
And it makes you die.
How do you like that?
So I'm going to say it right now.
Anybody who sends me fattening stuff is an asshole.
Not as big as P. Poole's here, but you're in the running.
You're bubbling under.
Okay.
Cut it out.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
How do I have you finally?
You have me.
Okay.
Neil, I don't know what it means.
What does that mean finally?
What is that?
Well, they're waiting for it well.
Yeah.
I just, I understand you're one of the smart guys who own a Corvette.
Two.
Two.
I own two also.
I have 29.
So I want to invite you to the Corvette Platinum Show at William's Island.
They second.
No.
Okay.
200 Corvette.
No.
Okay.
So I just wanted to tell you about that.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
Okay.
No.
I'll be there.
Open line indeed.
56705, 60 in somewhere.
I don't know where these lines are coming in.
I don't even know if they're coming in at all.
I don't know if they're coming in at all.
Are they coming in to fix your just phone in there?
No.
See, you guys around here, you can walk around and laugh and titter and think this is all great material.
And you guys are very funny.
And this is just sticking to that.
You guys are an embarrassment.
Bluff Lindsey, Greg Reid.
You know, you can, all we hear from Greg Reid.
Nothing about the business.
Not this business.
We are about the outside business.
But nothing about doing business in this place.
The worst guy I've ever worked for as far as being able to talk about what's going on here.
He's got something to say about everybody else, every other station, every other sports franchise.
You name it.
But when it comes to dealing with what's going on here, can he do it?
No.
Because he doesn't know about it.
You don't get it.
Got a guy sitting in the other room.
We got business to take care of here.
Okay.
A phone.
He can't have no contact with the outside world.
I say, I say Monday if they don't get the phone picks.
We're going back down on the second floor.
Even without the board, without a microphone.
We'll just stay down on the second floor.
10 to 2.
That's all.
And I'll talk about it.
We'll open up the window.
As much responses were getting lately up here.
Mobile Infrared Myers.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Maybe for a slow day, I have a couple of pieces of material worth a minute.
One is just an observation.
And that is, it seems to me that the absolute worst callers that you get are when somebody calls,
they don't really have something that they care to talk about.
Yeah.
They think they have found something that you will agree with.
And they think they have found the way to get you the suckles.
Yeah, suckles, right.
And they can, uh, Neil will approve.
Neil will like you if I call and say this.
Right.
So I get some damnent of the calls.
I hate it.
It's the worst.
And it's boring.
I love the ones that I'll say.
Why don't you agree?
Don't you think, you know, I don't know.
You're great.
Maybe not.
I don't know.
Perfect example.
And so if that's why they're calling the callers, the most people call talk shows, the suck
around.
And for somebody to validate them in their stupid opinions, that's why most people call talk
shows.
That's why I have to work so hard and I've been doing it for 23 years.
It was sifting through eight zillion calls to get to somebody who's got something to say
whether it's interesting, amusing, hysterical, anything.
That's something original to say.
Other than just, uh, don't you think I'm okay, pat me on the head.
So that's why you're calling, give us all a break and just let me know, play us a bit or something like that.
Play us a lot of music, right?
There you go.
Yes.
Another thing I wanted to bring up is, I've heard you talk a lot about your philosophy of
do no harm.
Yes.
And I actually have flaw on there and I wonder what your response is.
And that is, it doesn't obligate anyone to act in a positive way.
It simply says don't act in a negative way.
Right.
So for example, I don't remember the year, but years ago this girl, I think her name was
Kitty GenoVC, was murdered in New York and something like 120 people listened to her scream for 30 minutes.
I lost her being repeatedly stabbed and no one even picked up the phone to call the cops.
I don't even think there's a moral obligation to act in a situation like that.
There is no moral obligation to do anything.
I mean, if people want to do something like I said do no harm and if you want to do some good at the same time,
that's fine.
Don't do any harm.
No, there's not.
Well, you don't feel like if you saw someone being murdered and you're not going to put yourself at risk.
Right.
I just have to pick up the telephone.
You don't feel there's some, you have a moral obligation.
What does that have to do with religion?
What does that have to do with philosophy of life?
Well, I didn't say it's a religious question for me.
DNA is what we're doing.
It has to do with religion.
It has to do with a philosophy of life.
Not with these hypothetical things that probably are never going to happen in our lifetime.
All right. Well, I wouldn't hit you that my belief that you have a moral imperative.
I'm like people who are coming in here right now.
I'm probably never going to see anybody murder.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay.
That's probably true.
I will admit to you that my belief that you do have a moral imperative to act does come from a religious tradition.
But I'm not posing it religiously.
I'm not saying that God commands us.
I said if you want to do something good, that's fine.
But if you don't, so be it.
All right. Well, I...
That's my man.
You know, if you were talking about the other callers, I'm telling you the way I feel.
I mean, if you want me to say something you'll agree with, I'll say it, but I don't believe it.
Not at all.
Not at all.
I believe.
I'm calling to hear what you believe.
I believe.
I'm surprised, but I'll accept that as your opinion.
Okay.
All right.
Have a good day.
Open line in the summer.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
I mean, if we have to choose between that or all the other stuff that people are doing and
and flipping on each other in the name of their religions, I think mine be small by a million miles.
I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so.
See ya'll, sir.
Play off this.
Ow!
No. There's a video just for adults.
Cherry Springer says I've got to get these guys on my show.
See how one big fat captain wearing an ugly blue suit gets down the pants of Mr. Green's team.
And wait till you see what he does with dancing there.
Grandfather clock can't keep his hands off of Mr. Moose.
And watch Bunny Ratted get himself a little cotton tail.
And when the balls fall on these guys' faces, they love it.
Captain Kangus grew.
Now on video through the Homo Shopping Network.
Captain Kangus grew.
Now on video.
Yeah!
Okay, 114.560WQAM.
We got Panthers hockey tonight.
Panthers in Nashville, the Predators.
Pretty damn good expansion team.
Anybody interested?
No.
Okay.
Anybody pissed off Pavel Berean playing?
No.
And he's gonna come back whatever he seems to feel like it.
No.
Even though we didn't, they don't care.
That's good.
See one thing that's good.
For the TM and BM and all you other guys.
All the guys on the team robbing all you other slackers.
They don't care.
So that's comforting to know.
They don't give a crap.
Unlike sometimes, you know, like Montreal, Philly, where they boo the crap out of you.
They're merciful.
Here, we don't care.
We're just out there to smooths anyway.
If you win the game, hey, we'll cheer.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got up, Alex.
I've been listening for years and I have alcohol.
Yes.
I hope I can make it up to you.
Okay.
Yesterday when you played the Martin song at the end of your show.
Yeah.
I was in front of John Henners, so I turned it up.
Really now.
Yeah.
For you, man.
Uh-huh.
That's good.
Okay.
Well, nice try, sir.
Keep trying.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
So let me ask you, what do you think about the intellectual level here in town?
What do you think about the social, the strat of, huh?
I'm going to tell you, if you took golf out of this area, you have to say, just forget about tennis, forget about scuba diving, forget about the putt pulling.
If you took golf out of this repertoire down here, it would be a golf gone.
I'll be gone.
You follow what I'm saying?
In other words, that's the, that's the epitome.
That's the level to which most of these people strive.
The golf course.
That's it.
Golf courses, name dropping.
That's, that's about it.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, good day, Neil.
Yes, man, good day.
Um, um, why I'm calling.
Um, Miami, it's a pits.
But you haven't seen anything yet.
I don't know if you're familiar with the, um, mental facility Douglas Gardens on Lincoln Road.
It's services, uh, quite a few of the homeless.
It's a large facility.
Well, they, they've got back on the resources and the homeless have to pay for the medication.
So that means we're going to have a lot of insane hulios and otherwise out on the streets.
Uh-huh.
Don't we already have that?
Yeah, but it's going to be W or flat.
Yeah.
Did you imagine?
But, uh, I'm so glad that you're, um, seeing the light and taking care of your health.
And we'll have the eye.
I enjoy your show and have a good day.
Good day.
Yeah.
What do you give me?
I looked like that she was talking about mental health, okay?
She was talking about mental health.
I think it kind of fit right in with her call.
How dare you!
Here is a lake worth.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Pretty good.
Sorry to hear about Sonny.
Yeah.
He was like one of the few regular, just real nice guys.
A regular guy, that's right.
He was.
He wasn't one of these pretentious, phony, backstabbing assholes who predominate the business in this
town in this market.
Especially in the ones that do games, you know, broadcast games.
Right.
Boy.
Hey, I wanted to feed you any of your...
I brought up the, uh, restroom thing, women's restrooms again.
To help you out there.
Right.
Okay.
I worked for, when I went back to school a couple of years ago, I worked for a cleaning company at night.
And I, within many different women's bathrooms and offices and things.
And as far as graffiti, it kind of like depends on what the place is.
You're certainly not going to find graffiti in like a nice restaurant or a hotel or a country club, something like that.
But if you go to like just a regular bar or something, there's plenty of graffiti in there.
Nasty, dirty stuff.
Really?
But the real thing is women are pig.
If anybody, you know, we all pretend like the males were pigs were dirty.
I can't tell you what they don't hit the bowl with and just let down on the floor and don't care.
Oh, man.
Oh, yeah.
Unbelievable.
Great.
It's really bad.
Makes me feel better, I'll tell you.
It's really nice.
Makes me feel almost like a real man.
And my last thing, if, you know, you know, you're the only thing on the radio we're listening to.
And after two o'clock, we're all desperate now and Rick and Suss aren't there anymore.
Well, let me ask you if I'm the only thing on the radio worth listening to.
Where's the audience gone?
It's here to last two weeks since we moved in these marginal studios up here where it's too warm.
By the way, I know I'm the third floor.
Where's everybody gone, sir?
I had to press the radio station.
It's like somebody sucked this station into a vacuum tube and we're out there looking.
I mean, I feel like the shrinking invisible man is what I feel like.
I don't know how they lied.
You got work in today, but I was pressing readout for 20 minutes and just getting a busy signal.
Oh, this thing, who knows?
I have no idea.
Listen, if you think that Rick Riley is talking about stocks, is stimulating radio.
No, I don't.
Wait until you try four hours or three hours of Randy Rhodes has given us political commentary.
I'll pass.
I'll pass them.
Love you, ma'am.
Okay, see you.
56670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
No waiting.
You'll get right in.
Immediately with nuts in it.
We'll put you on hold for a little while because then we don't want you to feel like Mr. Bigshot.
Seriously, I have encountered all of it.
That's why it never is boring.
It's never dull.
It's frustrating, but it's never dull because no matter what you think you've experienced before,
you come in here, you sit your fan-ass in the chair and no matter what you feel is going on,
surprise.
Like having a surprise party every day or life.
Guess what?
And like I said, this year it's going to be paysof and Easter and then it'll be the 4th of July.
And then before we know it, it'll be Labor Day.
And of course in between the long, hot summer, kids around the school,
everybody's not vacation.
I think from like April 1st until Labor Day.
That would be a nice week for vacation for me, you know what?
April 1st, no fooling.
Right to Labor Day.
That's April, May, June, July, August.
A little bit of the first week in September.
That's only a little over four months.
That sounds like a great time for me to go on vacation.
Huh?
Stop the seven months I was off before.
I mean, why should I be bothering these people with bugging them,
expecting them to talk to me?
Huh?
It's impionant.
It's insolent.
It's outrageous.
It's unacceptable.
Entertain us.
Come on.
We want you to entertain us.
Do a little dance like those bitches that came to borders that day.
Those two slots from Detroit couldn't get laid in a pickle packs.
Those two broads.
God.
Oh, you enjoyed yourself boring.
You know, we expected something a little bit more.
Yeah, how about our foot up your, up your rectum, huh?
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello?
Mobile invoker.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Hey.
I was, I'm calling a mega request.
Is that all right?
Maybe.
Yeah.
Oh, could you play, Bernie takes a dump?
No.
56670560 and pound 560 on a mobile one line.
It's interesting when we're doing the thing about fat occupations.
It was like doing biorethms.
We never had to give the number out.
See, when you do something that's like a poll or like, you know, it requires like a one word answer.
No problem.
Because otherwise you're testing their material which they don't have a lot.
But something like that limitless.
We could have done that for 100 days.
So what else you got?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Okay.
Here's Fort Lauderdale on a not so mobile.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You got me?
I got you.
Well, I tell you, I wanted somebody to talk to you.
You got the real deal.
Yeah.
Because I want to tell you what impressed me about you.
Yeah.
What impressed me is when you mentioned that hydrochloricide about a doctor that suggested that you take
it every day like 50 milligrams.
Yes.
And the same thing happened to me and I would have wound up in a dialysis machine.
That's right.
If I ever listened to this, that's right.
Now, I want to tell you something else.
You impressed me about a number of things.
I'm glad.
What I wanted to call you.
I obviously don't impress anybody else.
Wait a minute.
I mean, that's what I needed from you most of all.
Yes.
Of course, I called.
I never got a call back.
Because I needed a nose and throat guy.
Because my voice is very important.
What do you mean you've never got a call back?
I called you.
And I needed that calls you after the show.
And I left my name, which will not be mentioned.
I'm going to mention my name.
Well, I'm going to recommend doctors.
You're on the doctor.
Well, I thought maybe you knew a nose and throat guy.
No, I don't.
You don't.
You have no problem with your throat?
No.
You're on the efforts.
Four hours is just talking away.
My voice goes in an hour and a half.
Let me sit again.
I have no problem with my throat.
None.
You have no problems.
Let me say one more time for the West Coast.
I have no problem with my throat.
I can't throw up for more than an hour and a half.
Well, you better let me let you off the phone then.
I don't want to stress it out.
5670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Wow.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Mobile and pepper pine.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
I don't know.
I know what that guy's problem is.
Yeah.
You've got to do it too much.
That's why it's growth certain.
You can't talk too much.
I got an interesting video news for you last night.
Last night it was, I know you don't like soccer and everything like that, but I was at the Macarena.
Did I soccer game last night?
There was a soccer game in the Macarena.
Well, you're the indoor soccer league.
You probably only...
Yeah.
Well, anyway, you're not going to believe there was a local sportscaster from Channel 10 news
that made an appearance in Goal and a professional game last night.
And guess on who that might be from Channel 10?
He did what?
He played Goalkeeper last night, an indoor soccer team.
Don?
No.
No.
Todd Tungan.
You're Frank Fort.
Yeah.
What a joke.
He only made a 50% phase.
I'm like, you know, why don't we just put a Hank Goalkeeper for the Panthers tonight?
How about Booshambi?
Well, you know, we'll have a cover both sides.
You can put all three in.
Go the whole gang down in.
Okay, thank you.
560, 7.0560, pound 560.
I don't believe it.
I'm going to have a look at the
one on the mobile one line.
Here's Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
Cutler Ridge.
Oh, boy, that was loud.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
Here's Cutler Ridge.
No, it loud deep before you got me.
Well, I see I'd either wake you up.
There you go.
Not the new people need to be awakened.
I was going through an old briefcase here and I found this one hell of a long list.
And it's dated 1988.
And it starts out with a bunch of names that you may or may not remember from Wins.
Bill Byer, Peter Bulger, David Capreda, all these people.
And you're on there and everybody's on there all the way down to Ron Harrison and Glenn
Hill.
All their titles from WNC.
Yeah.
And there's another sheet over here.
And what about it?
Well, I just thought of another sheet of what?
What is the sheet about?
It sounds like a policy to me.
This says your home phone number back in 88.
You remember it?
Oh, well, if I did, am I going to put it on the ear?
What are we talking about?
Oh, I just thought it was interesting.
I'm going through some old records here.
And records of what?
WNC, I was on there for a while.
I remember walking down to the very front of the Placino past the atrium and looking through
your little door and watching you in the bird.
And I never had the guts to go in there and say, thank God, that's good.
Thank God, that's no reason we survived it.
There you go.
Anyway, I had enjoyable years there at WNC and I had a ball.
Some of the people that were, you know.
Is there somebody that we know?
You probably never heard of me.
You used to joke about it.
Oh, why don't you call the garden guy?
You're the guy that did the gardening show?
Yeah, I'm IOD.
I'm IOD.
I was IOD for about five years, IOD for three years on the weekends.
Yeah.
And I had a ball and I really enjoyed most of the people that were there.
Now, some of the people that you hate were okay with me.
But of course, now I was not radio.
You know, I was an expert at the team and I did plants and that was my bag and I didn't
know the results about radio.
And in fact, the general manager or the program director of WOD, I thought he was intriguing.
He used to call him the shark.
He walked up down the hall and his pen stripes.
Who says name Mike?
Remember him?
We had a program director named Mike.
Oh, we're at WIOD when you're a wind.
And anyway, when he left WIOD.
Okay, thanks.
126 and 560 WQM.
Like I said, like that music, baby.
Neil and his music, a man in his music, you four man starts Monday here at 560, QAM.
Up there.
Come on.
Oh, right.
I'm serious.
I am.
I mean, what would you rather hurt some of my great music here?
Or this but you call us the last 40 minutes, huh?
It's not even a contest, is it?
No.
No.
Oh, no.
Four kids hanging up together.
Ellie probes in their ass TV.
Don't get bad.
Welcome.
I'm going to be standing full up to dust if when these around.
They're standing full up in tile and they're cawing dirt.
And at least once a week we hear.
And he'll say, you're bad, dad.
Oh, it's so weird but the wonderful.
And can he speak to them for the room?
He can't hit the head.
And then he said, the rats know it him and then they eat it.
They know.
Thank you, Freddy.
You're so good.
Okay.
You want to know what I think?
What?
It's going to be something, honey dad.
It's going to be something to it.
I know what I'm going to do this weekend.
I mean, you don't make any exciting plans in this town.
But I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to lock the door.
I'm going to stay on the inside, like off in a corner, far away from the pewter.
And I'm just going to put my arms around my shoulders and sit in the corner and kind of plate my life.
Because after your son he died, and I mentioned this this morning, you know,
guys only 65 years old can happen at any time.
And I'm envisioning another three and a half years of this,
like this these last two weeks.
No way.
Because any day you can croak, you know, especially when you're fat, all the years of abuse, you know,
all the years of choking on fat, eating all the wrong stuff, your organs are choking on each other, you know.
Any day could be like the last breath.
And I'm sitting here making a good buck but nevertheless coming in.
This is somebody's idea talking to guys like that last jackass,
that last radio fossil there,
who claims to have been the gardening man like a talking double talk.
And he's got a, a, a, a staff list of old phone numbers from 11 years ago.
Do I want to hear the number?
I'd rather here go sabers.
And that's the worst thing I, I thought that was the worst thing I ever heard in my life.
And just like I said the other day, please don't give me this baloney about,
oh gee, we're all upset about the ball games, you know, take it up party, you're sure, why?
What is it that's going on here these last two weeks?
I'm embarrassed to be associated not just with this radio station,
with this program the last two weeks, with this audience the last two weeks.
I'm not going to miss any meals.
I don't have millions and millions stashed away, but I got enough I could live comfortably,
pay off my bills, sell my house, make a nice pin on the change on that,
have the dog, let my mother take care of my dogs, give them the gas, you know what I'm talking about?
And I just kind of wander off and never be seen again, get out of your hair.
Because this is, this is, this isn't a job, this isn't even an exercise,
this is self-neutilation is what it is.
The last 45, 50 minutes, whatever, when we started taking calls again,
which was a bad mistake, the music was great.
And there's, you know, to say it's one of the all-time worst,
there's come in a lot of territory, a lot of years.
One of the worst collections of people with nothing to say about anything,
I've ever heard in my life, starting with a guy who said,
go sabers, who thought he was a hockey expert, who didn't have a question,
didn't have a comment, didn't have an observation, didn't have anything,
go sabers.
That was a phone call, that was a comment, that was a piece of verbal interchange
in the South Florida area.
In a place that is so dead, so devoid of any living and breathing qualities.
And like I said the other day, and I take none of it back only on multiple times a million.
Dead people, drifters, banana boat people, drug addicts.
There you go, with some interchange, some crossover and all the categories.
That's it, you take those groups out of this area, you've got like 20 of us left.
Dear field beach, hello.
Neil, we all love you too.
And I know that gardening guy, I think I got some good seeds from him one time.
Uh huh. Yeah, I think when we grow it out, it came out to be some...
Okay, let's go to a Belgrade, hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I've noticed in my listening to you that you seem to have some type of version to God.
I have a version?
And I'd like a version, like the version Mary?
No, I was wondering if maybe like you've been raped by a priest or something of the kid.
No, I have not. I haven't been raped by anybody, have you?
No.
No, I just have a brain and I use it and I don't believe in fairy tales, do you?
You say people like you make me sick because you think that's a fairy tale about God.
No, it is fairy tales, it's ridiculous, it makes no sense to anybody who's a thinking person.
Oh, you guys are close-minded, you think this isn't...
Oh, you know me?
Yeah, what do they know?
You guys, like there's a group, anybody who doesn't believe what you do?
Yeah.
And this group?
Yeah, that's right.
Uh huh.
It's like a conspiracy or something.
In other words, oh, it's a conspiracy.
Yeah.
Maybe or maybe a comic, pinko conspiracy.
No, I just want to get your own and your own little mind.
Yeah, you got the little mind pal because if you believe that book, crap, you need serious stuff, you need assistance.
I'm going to just ask.
Okay.
A good piece of ass might change your attitude.
No, I'm sorry.
Yeah, I doubt it, right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, yeah, you, you people.
You people?
The Godless people.
The people refuse to be morons and believe in the ramblings of idiots of lunatics that lived thousands of years ago.
That every time somebody farted and with the wrong flavor was an act of God and God was pissed off.
First of all, if there was a God with people fart, of course not.
And if they did have to fart, would it smell like that?
No.
No, so right there, that's the end of the argument.
Okay, it doesn't have to go into a big saw in it.
Just think about that.
Okay.
Next time you're in a crowded elevator and somebody, I hope it's not you that does it because it's embarrassing.
Next time you're in a crowded elevator in the middle of July, and it's, you know, 100 degrees in the shade,
and somebody cuts one real bad.
Or you're in line at the supermarket and somebody in front of you, cuts one.
Just ask yourself, if there were a God, would there be something like that?
The answer clearly is, no.
Next time you drop a load in the bowl, okay?
And you're sitting there and you're squeezing and you're like, you're going through all of the gestations and gyrations that are sometimes necessarily the same.
And you're looking to take a peek down in there, what you've left, and you smell that aroma.
Ask yourself, would God create such a system for elimination?
Or would it just be nature?
Since nature of course is like indifferent.
Nature, you know, like crap happens, okay?
Even that kind of crap.
That's right.
God, you know, you press a button and like a little envelope comes in.
That's it.
You like to drop it in the box like the old Cuban woman, and maybe later you come back and look at it again.
Not that.
And then forget about diarrhea and constipation.
And don't give me this stuff about human man-made because even animals out there in the wilderness, they all over the place.
And it don't smell so good I'm told.
You're looking to eat.
Look, on masterpiece fears, the Tourette syndrome player presents Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet.
What light?
The light?
The light?
The light?
The light?
The light?
The light?
The light?
The light?
The light?
The light?
The light?
Right.
Now the lively system Theater?
eastern classic purge rationalized apparently hosted soju-vog girls down you shell and, and then hits the festive.
something. Is that program director? Is that, is that scumbag still here? Because I'm going to
tell you something there is something going on. And I've been doing this too long. You know, I've
been saying this for a long time. And the last two weeks since we moved up here especially,
it's the whole phone system. And we got people playing grab ads with these on earphones all over
the building. That's the second time on that one. We'll be put out of business here and in the
meantime, the program director is worried about. Is it Kathleen going to be at the Princess
Casino? Is the schedule right or not today? I'm a schedule. That's the kind of thing they're worried
about. And Greg Reed's running around. Look, I got a haircut and I'm spreading monowol over
the building. This is their idea of running a radio station, of doing business.
Is there somebody on that line? Are you just testing it?
Hello? Yes, sir. Okay, just happen again.
Is that on your hand?
Okay, call me back. See what happens. I don't think so. That's the second or third time
it's happening on that line today. I don't want to say that we got somebody playing fast and lose
with our livelihood here. But you know, I think the only way I'm going to solve this is just
tell him, look, when you decide you want to get around to these things, get these phone
systems fixed up both on and off the air. They're not coming in here, maybe try to do a show.
Maybe that's what I got to do. Because these people don't understand English.
And we're not even in, you know, we're in North Bay County. We're almost at the Broward line.
We're not down there in Dominale Park.
Here's a mobile in West Palm. Hello?
Neil. Yes, sir.
Neil God. Uh-huh. Yeah, the phones are screwed up. How do you know that?
Well, it was clicking off and I wasn't going through a bad cell every time I called.
It was clicking off? Yeah, it was just clicking off. Yeah.
And for a couple of miles. Anyway, what I wanted to ask you was, do you remember going back,
you were talking about wrestlers before? Do you remember John DuPont? No.
No. Uh, you had that farm? I remember Donald DuPont.
No, this was John DuPont.
Didn't drive his finger up his rectum. He had a wrestling camp called Fox Hill.
No, no. Shot one of his protege a few years back. No.
Oh, okay. Well, he was really light and mover.
And you had a whole lot of... Oh, you're talking about the famous DuPont.
Right. Oh, yeah. When you started out by talking about professional wrestling,
like it was a wrestling we were talking about. No, he had a wrestling.
Yeah, right. I know. Right. Right. And I was like...
Creatured in a bedbud, right? Yeah.
And he came in. He was trying to beat the case. He came in all...
He was beaten at the end. Yeah. He shoveled in a jitter.
Right. No shabin' I think.
Well, what about him? Anyway, no, just saying...
Okay, thanks. Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Do you remember him? No.
Here's a mobile in Davey. Hello?
Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. How are you doing?
Okay. It is a hockey, uh, as those years, that one is what's going with Pavell Brewery.
But you're not right now when we need him. Uh-huh.
I don't get it. Some of the guys get slapped at him off with a skate,
terminus lay the back on the ice. That's right.
Some guys get half of their teeth knocked out,
and they go and get a few stitches, and they come back and next period,
they're out there and finish the game. Exactly.
And then... And kind of a coach when we got, you know,
some little underling, like a rookie, Mark Parrish,
he, you know, overslates or something.
When he goes to the wrong arena for practice,
we sit him out, even though he's like one of our leading scorers,
and we can't afford to do that.
But this guy, it will pay in $10 million.
It's like, well, you know, when he's good and ready,
we don't want to push him too much, you know,
because God forbid he, uh, should get a hang-mail.
Exactly. I mean, it's going to be too late.
They're not going to play in these games now.
When the whole season is on the line,
then, uh, you know, what the hell is it all about?
Exactly. Go out there just to make a stand like that,
and you don't have to be able to put that right now.
Nobody's a bigger fan of his than me,
but he's played a total of 11 games here so far.
A total of 11 freaking games, sir.
Exactly. And I don't want him.
A hundred percent, if he's not a hundred percent,
you know, with the last game in doubt,
uh, get him out to now at 80 percent for God's sake.
I got news to you.
A pop-el-brie at 50 percent is better than most of the guys we got at 100 percent.
Exactly.
Not to mention Bobby Needhamar again.
Okay, God bless you, sir.
There's somebody who cares.
What's the report? What's the story there?
Huh?
What's the story with the phone line?
There was nobody, no one on it.
So what was that?
We don't know.
So maybe it's a Southern Bell job like I've been talking all along,
and they're patching around with our lines again,
which they don't roll over and line eight doesn't work.
And we don't know where they're coming in.
I'm telling you, we had like a before we came in here,
it's no coincidence that it started two weeks ago.
I'm not, I'm not hallucinating, okay?
Before we came in here, they added the eight-blind.
They went and they read the whole thing out there.
And somewhere along the line, they've screwed this up.
If it was just between 10 and two, I'd say,
well, we're going through one of Neil's nervous breakdowns.
You know, I didn't still want to talk to it.
I hear it even Hank.
And like I said the other day,
when Hank's phone's out bringing it off,
the hook, you know there's something wrong.
But please don't tell that to our people here in management.
Because we have a bunch of pussy's here running his place
who will do absolutely nothing for you.
And I feel like a real bad fever in the sickness
coming on for a few days next week.
I could feel it right now.
Because when this is the coming,
the fact that that phone is, if anybody out there
who was interested in doing business,
who'd come in here and see the kind of instrument
that George is trying to work with there in the phone too,
you either laugh or cry or both.
His phone rings.
I'm talking about the business thing.
We're trying to talk to people doing business
that associated with the show and this radio station.
Hello, click.
That's it. That's as far as the conversation goes.
And like I said, I wouldn't take no for an answer for a moment.
You know, like I said the other day,
our chief engineer, our program.
Yeah, that's great.
You're coming here and there.
Yeah.
You know, yeah.
Yeah.
You couldn't get anything done if somebody stuck an uzi up your ass.
Okay, Duff.
That's the kind of management we've gotten in this place.
This isn't something that's going to wait.
Remember what Michael said in Godfather one?
It can't wait.
Remember that?
When he had his jaw swollen up there, it can't wait.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Hello, the call call.
Small fry.
Yeah, small fry in the large, large soda.
Hey, Neil, sorry about that.
That was a sugar.
Hold the answer card.
Yeah, like I kind of stole my son.
I wanted to see if I got this right with Pat Vell.
Yeah.
The doctors have heard of the play.
Yeah.
The doctors have heard of the play.
Is his decision now that he doesn't want to?
That's right.
It's not the coaches decision.
It's not the general managers decision.
It's not the dog catchers decision.
It's his decision.
He's going to let us know what he's good and ready.
And he says it ain't ready.
And it's the meat also.
This is when we need him the most.
Yeah, he says can't you see it swollen in my knee too?
That's what he said.
Oh, all right.
Just let you know I called a while ago when you were complaining
that you had no calls and the lines were busy.
I don't know if you if you if they were just tied up
if it was a bell-salt thing or not.
Sure, I have no idea what's going on here.
All I know is that we desperately somebody in this radio station
to intercede and take the bull by the horns
and they absolutely refuse to get involved in this.
And if the program director is in the building
when I get off the earth two o'clock,
I'm going to go in there and I'm going to whatever kind of a desk he's got now.
I'm just going to turn it right over on the floor
because I'm nauseated by him.
I'm revolted by him.
A man who does absolutely nothing tangible
that we can discover nothing zero.
And that also goes for the chief and the other day.
Have a great time.
All right, Neil.
I'll see you at the game.
God bless you.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'm going to sit there all by myself.
Okay, I'm not even going to give my other seat away.
I'm just going to sit there by myself.
Don't even bother me.
Okay, I'm just going to sit there with my phone in my arm.
Just tuck it on my thumb.
That's right.
I mean, we know that they don't care.
But they're just some things.
I mean, a lot of things that the audience can hear
and that aren't obvious.
You can try to hide it like all those spots,
you know, that are coming all over on the audio net
that the 10-year-old kids are dubbing
with the pot open so they sound like they're feeding back
right on the air.
Real tinny and crappy.
And we expect people to pay for them.
There's no pride.
There's no professionalism.
There's no interest.
There's no concern.
There's just nobody here you can talk to on that level.
You know, I don't care about the Florida Marlins.
I don't care about John Henry.
I don't care about all these silly things
that Greg Reed comes in here
and keeps talking to me about.
Talk turkey one day.
Talk business.
Talk about doing something for us.
He doesn't care.
All he sees is a log that's got 8 million spots on it.
They're running 55 minutes an hour in the morning drive.
They're slumping a hanker rod like a goddamn play doll
all over the place.
Even if they can kill him.
Maybe they can catch up with Sonny Herc
with a hankle be next in line
at the time they're finished with him.
I'm sending him over to do a goddamn show
at the stadium there
and out in the middle of a cow pasture.
Having to run having to do the 600 yard run
to get on the air
putting him in the hospital.
And then saying, oh,
G, we're so concerned.
