They'll present the Neil Rogers show to talk to Neil.
I don't know, I'm fine.
6.7.0.5.60.
Tull three, redaded rowered, or pound five.
Did you hear what he announced?
Your cell phone, the opinions of Neil, his guest's callers,
or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5.60.
Q-A-A-A.
What a fuck up job, that one.
What a fuck up job, that one.
Hey, he has to the ball and skate.
Yeah.
He's the right music now.
Yeah.
In check my penis with crack, OK.
You boys in my brain, do the end of this game.
So let's do some two-pack the scores.
Two, and get better, no one to date.
All right.
No, this one, two, three hundred degrees.
It's a goddamn shame.
So I'm coming to work this morning and made the bad mistake of Yanke and the CD.
I've just long enough for the radio to come on to kick in.
And I hear in in progress, I join this unbelievable suction going on in here.
And here's the one and only.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
John Henry, on here, and their kissing his ass and sucking his ass.
And always near-gradies taking calls.
You're doing a good job, John.
You're doing a good job.
And then I walk into the building and I come up here on the turd floor.
And I'm going to tell you you have never seen such an entourage of plastic assholes and suits in your entire life.
Am I right?
There was what?
72 guys out there in the goddamn hallway, bodyguards, face men,
a pair of steppin' fetched guys, paramedics to separate these guys, lips from John Henry.
I have just unbelievable.
And then when the whole thing finally gets over,
with, by the way, it last hour with all of Jeremy's Shapcraft,
that was just a desperate attempt to change gears to cover up the suck job they did for 8 to 9 a.m.
What am I talking about?
They're just almost no people in this town with balls.
To your face, they'll kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you.
And then the minute that you're gone, oh yeah, well, who wants to build that guy, stadium?
Ha ha ha, yeah, that kind of crap.
That takes big balls.
And speaking of big balls, see, I just don't understand what it is.
This is a fraternity.
This isn't a professional market, this place.
Just a fraternity of suckle's.
Ike Siemens, there is one of the most pathetic old, funny duties,
who was shipped by NBC at the twilight of a mediocre career down here, just like Michelle Gillen.
Everybody at the network level that's finished, they ship him down here.
And Ike Siemens is a classic example.
So he's in there breathlessly.
He's attached by the lip to John Henry.
They had to bring in the surgeons to do the surgery, the separate before they can get him out of here.
Just sucky, sucky, sucky, sucky, kissing up.
And I wish you could see John Henry, by the way.
If you think he looks, isn't really impressive on the front page of the newspapers,
wandering around looking for fans in this day, he looks equally impressive in his very expensive suit right here in the hallway,
with his entourage of wannabes and suckle's.
Guess what, John Henry? The answer is still.
No, yeah.
No. No, that's the answer, it's still no.
And I love the guy that calls there about a quarter to nine this morning to say,
oh yeah, well, Mr. Henry, the reason that this is never going to fly this planet here is two words,
Neil Rogers. It's amazing to me.
At least 93, 94% of the audience doesn't listen to this show.
They don't listen to this show.
And yet I've got this tremendous assumed power.
So I have a great idea, assuming that this guy's correct.
And I have that much power. I've got an answer for you, John Henry, if I'm the chigger in a wood pile,
all you got to do is write a check.
I'd say a nice even one million dollars would do it.
And then what's a million dollars to a guy with his money number one?
And number two that stands to get about a quarter of a billion dollars stadium out of the whole deal.
Million dollars is pockets chicken fee. Come on back in, John.
You write me a check for a million dollars cash.
I'll walk out of here the second that the check clears the bank.
And you'll never hear from me again. Never see me again.
Never hear from me again.
It's a lot cleaner than that, you know.
Just amazing.
Oh yeah, well, Neil Rogers is the reason this thing isn't going to lie.
And you should have seen, by the way, I come in here by timing is really great this morning.
I come in on the third floor to come in the studio and they're all standing.
The whole entourage with John Henry, they're out there.
And I also like Siemens with his head up John Henry.
Back there.
Right there in the hallway doing stuff together.
I can't say what?
And so naturally here's Jim Crawford, one of our engineers.
Here's Adani B. That suck hole out in the hallway.
Hey, morning, Neil.
Morning, Neil. Of course, making sure that my name gets a lot of attention.
So that these people all know why I'm so.
As soon as he hears Neil and takes a look, John, we're going to make incredible sounds.
Yeah. Under his breath. I heard him go.
Yeah.
Just like that.
And the amazing part of it is there actually were a couple because, you know, when these people are on,
you'll notice the tremendous turnaround, not just from the host, but from the audience.
All of a sudden, there are people calling, oh yeah, well, I'm a big fan.
Yeah, and it's what I'm saying that you have to take all this crap, but on this station you get all this crap.
Not a question of giving out people crap, it's just a question of telling the truth, telling it exactly the way it is.
And then when a couple of good questions did get on there, did he answer the question?
No, no, including one guy that said he was a baseball fan who wanted to know if the very legitimate question.
If the tax thing doesn't go through, if there isn't going to be any tax and aren't going to be a tax dollars to build a new stadium,
will he pledge to build a stadium himself?
Anyone but me, and did the guys there? Did any of those three guys say, hey, you have an answer to the question?
No, no.
Six BBs in there, three guys with six BBs, not one ball, not one real ball among three guys.
And this is on a so-called sports show, three pushy's.
Pushy's galore, that's going to be the name of the morning show instead of the worst thing.
Pushy's galore.
And just like last year when VM, when VM was doing that hockey show at B2's the morning,
did the audience do the audience at any point, make these guys hold them accountable at any point?
No.
Because the audience doesn't care.
The people at call, especially on those sports, they're just going to want to hear the sound of their own voice.
They don't really give a crap.
They don't care if you come on here and you have no credibility on, you just suck everybody's ass to their face and they're ripping behind their back.
I mean, I'll say for Hank, remember last time he had John Henry called in,
because he's always trying to muscle his way out of this radio station like we owe him something and guess what?
He's part of the reason, part of the reason that this station is, we can't finish the construction project out there in a hallway.
Because it's the albatross about our nexus, the Marlins broadcast rights.
So John Henry, somewhere along the line, thinks we owe him something.
Do we owe him something?
No.
Good kick in the ass is what we owe him.
And last time he called up Hank and was talking at the beginning of the call about, well, you know, I'm trying to drum up support for my tax plan and Hank said,
well, you're not going to fight it on this show.
Nice going, Pat.
So there's at least a guy with one decented testicle anyway, which is more than you'll find in this morning show here with the three suckles.
See, there's no interest.
How long have I been telling you that there is no interest?
This is not a baseball town.
And John Henry's going out about, well, there's just no revenue.
You know, there's no revenue because it all goes to Wayne.
We don't know the stadium.
But you know something if there's no revenue, it's a bad deal.
It sounds like a bad deal.
How many people out there in this audience have made a bad business deal or a bad investment and then would like somebody else to come and bail him out like the SNL deal, you know, should we bail him out?
No, the answer is still no.
And not because the erudger says no because the overwhelming majority of people who want to say no, and never even heard any erudgers.
They just don't want any more goddamn tax money to subsidize stadiums for billionaires and millionaires.
That's all, especially in a market where nobody cares.
There is no interest other than the handful and we'll hear from them, you know, but other than the handful of people with no lives who keep wandering out there
because they have nothing else to do and think that they're seeing major league baseball, which for the most part they're not.
Other than those people, there is no interest.
This is not a sports town.
So the fact that this is a sports station, I guess, these people have to keep sucking up to these guys and pretending it's a sports town because it's their livelihood.
It is not a sports town. It's never going to be a sports town.
It's a dolphin town. Period. That's it. That's as far as you need to go.
That's it.
And you'll notice between 9 and 10, once they got done with the 15 minutes of the Jeremy Shatcraft to try to cover up, like the dog kicking up its legs in a backyard again, trying to cover up its pile.
You'll notice the cause that did come in with usual inane questions. Well, what about that third down at Pettily Joe?
What about the, how come the ball was instead of nine yards?
The same minutia.
The same minutia, the same inane idiotic questions that only a mental midget, only a mentally ill person could possibly be wondering about.
Only somebody with much, much too much time on their hands could possibly even conjure up in his mind.
Well, what about the third and seventh play what?
Yeah. What about it, by the way?
Ten minutes and by the way, John, that's still the answer.
It must be crazy. I must be nuts.
This is the face of erectile dysfunction.
And this is the face of erectile dysfunction.
And this is the reaction to erectile dysfunction.
Yep, that's what you're looking at, guys.
You may never be able to recover from an incident like that again, but you won't have to worry about that.
If you supplement your EDS procedure with Dr. Richard Winers, Dr. Dick Extenders.
Whether the Viagra works or not, you are secure with Dr. Dick Extenders.
Ask your medical practitioner for details on Dr. Dick Extenders today.
You'll be glad you did.
That's 15 to 560 W-Q-A-M.
We're looking for the names of the people in his town who have balls.
That's going to be one of my projects today is make a list.
You think I need to pen or maybe I could do it like with a tip of my bloody finger, my thumb.
Nice going to AC, by the way. And where's my 98 degrees Christmas CD?
Looking for the names of the people in his town who actually have a pair or maybe like one dissented testicle.
It shouldn't take too long.
No, it's a fraternity. It's a closed little club where they suck each other's ass.
Oh, Ed Pope had a great column today. What was that? What year was that?
When did Ed Pope ever write anything that was profound, interesting, insightful, anything?
Did it ever happen? No.
No. And yet we got people on this station that had their lips attached deep to his neck.
I don't understand why. And the same with Ike Siemens.
Ike Siemens has got to have naked pictures of every broadcaster in his town except me.
I don't get it. What's the big cynus with him except for the fact that we got somebody on this station that works on the same TV channel with him so they're like in bed together.
He's a funny buddy. He's a silly old man who was in here just sucking up the John Henry, I'm telling you they had a, it was like a boxing match.
They had to keep coming in and separating him from the clinch.
Oh, by the way, speaking of boxing, that guy's dead. We'll get into that.
Here's a mobile and crawl springs. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today, yes?
Okay.
So I would do you say about John Henry with regard to, you know, business decisions and things like that.
He didn't become like you said a multi-millionaire or billionaire because he made poor business decisions.
Yeah.
Now, as far as, you know, our responsibility, Tim, I think there isn't any.
No, but he was the one that said he said there's no revenue from the stadium right now.
There's no, the sky box revenue.
All goes to pay off the debt on the stadium and the signage and everything goes to win.
He knew that going in. He didn't discover that after he made a deal.
That's what I'm saying. I'm totally in agreement with you and the point is that what he's, what is he trying to perpetrate on us?
What's he trying to say to the, you know, the other guy?
He's doing what he is. He's a liar. He's an absolute liar.
He came in and he said, oh, well, you know, when he first was going to buy the team and he was making his big campaign to suck up to the public.
Oh, well, you know, even if the public doesn't agree with a, you know, building the new facility, I'll build it myself.
Then after he made this deal, which now he's crying about what a bad deal it is.
Now all of a sudden he says, well, I'll build a stadium myself.
It'll only be a small 25,000-seat stadium and we'll never have enough revenue to go out and get a really good team and be competitive and et cetera and so on.
When somebody asked him this morning, will you really, are you really committed to going out and building yourself?
He danced all around. He never answered the question. He never had any points of yes.
So another word to blackmail is the way to go.
No, what it is is the whole concept here because you remember when Wayne was crying about, well, you know,
I can't make money with a Marlins because the public will never build me a stadium.
We already built a arena for the hockey team. They'll never build me a stadium because I'm a bad guy and everybody hates me like poison, which is true.
So and they really believed or at least he conned John Henry into believing that if by selling the team to John Henry,
that John Henry was going to put on this big PR campaign.
Oh, he really loves baseball. He's just a regular guy. He's not an asshole like Wayne, et cetera and so on.
Oh, yeah, the public was just all of a sudden develop an appetite for spending more tax money to build you a stadium.
Well, guess what? Didn't happen. Didn't happen.
And it was only after all the pulling that they did and after all the negative response from virtually everybody,
including the hotel association, only after that that he came up with this cockamany desperate deal of all will
give 90% of the profits back to the public. That was never part of the original deal.
That's only another desperate lie and a different desperate con job to try to suck people in the supporting it.
So bottom line deal is is there anything that we as the average guy can do to tell John Henry, hey, you don't have to go down the ballot next November.
The answer is still. That's all very simple. It's going to lose overwhelmingly and everybody knows that.
Beautiful and also just to go to a point like you said yesterday, which was great.
Can Jenny doesn't have a chance to be a dog can have a great thing?
5 6 7 0 5 60. We got 7,000 open lines here. We're searching for the all the tremendous interest in that John Henry thing this morning.
That suck up job we had for now on this radio station.
And for the long list of people who have balls in this town.
We had any names yet? No, no. 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T line. 8 7 7 7 8 5 63 45.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Liam. Yes, sir.
First time caller. First time listener. Listen to you for a week.
Let's know. Yes. Yeah, I just wanted to tell you about this John Henry guy.
Sounds like just like a big octopus to me that wants to just get into people's pockets.
And you know, we got so many other things going on this town we need.
You know, the traffic. We need to solve that. We need to plan on something to to...
Let me say it again. Kids are going to school in Broward County in portable schools.
They don't have they don't have the money to get the computers into that they thought they were going to have for all the kids.
They're getting date county that aren't getting lunches lunchtime every day.
Their kids with no textbooks in date county.
And we got assholes in this town that are willing to spend any kind of tax money to let it work.
Comes from the bill of stadium for a billionaire for a baseball team that 99% of the people who don't care about.
You're right. I worked in education and I tell you I had to get out.
It was just as miserable as miserable as the educational system here.
You know, people like him should look at maybe how they can help.
You know, and I mean this is not a baseball town. This is not a sports town. You're right about that.
They drew three million people that first year only because of the novelty of it and because it was new and exciting or whatever else.
And the fact is that when they found when they got to the World Series two years ago during the playoffs, they had on-soul tickets during the playoffs.
Yeah. That's how much of a baseball town this is.
That's right. That's right.
But I just wanted to say that if he wants a stadium, he needs to get out of his rectum.
Okay. Bye. See you.
Just pull him on the audio.
Correct him. There. If you can separate those tongues from it.
See, I don't understand why some of these guys, especially these morning guys, get a free pass from their audience on this station. I don't understand it.
I mean it was right there. All you had to do was listen, which I usually don't, but I listen for most of that hour.
And just sucky, sucky, sucky, and soft balls and protect them from the colors just like they always protected Brian Murray from the colors on a coach's show until finally somebody asked a tough question.
And then right away they had to bring in the B.C.M. and B.M. to protect them from a tough question.
The audience just doesn't care. All they want to do is suck up. Suck up. A lot of sucks in this town. It'll invert some there you watch.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Well, it isn't just like yesterday when I gave away those tickets to the concert, isn't it?
No. When we had all nine lines lit up like crazy because we had about your free loaders. I'm not sorry that I did though. It was among being a kill to an F hours.
It was great. And maybe the first of actually got the tickets might have the decency to call in day and say, thank you. We had a great time or whatever. You think that's going to happen? No.
Probably not. Probably went out and scout them. Here's a mobile and summarize. Hello.
Hey, Nehi. Okay. John Henry is a dispatch. I mean, this is not a vegetable pound and nobody cares about it. And I'll tell you what happened.
I'll tell you something. How come people weren't calling up saying that between eight and nine this morning when I suck up on a suction hour was going on?
I'll tell you what happened. I called in. I usually don't call the worst thing. I refuse to talk to them, but it pissed me off so much and I try to call.
And they didn't let me on because I said I want to ask John Henry a question and they did.
They were doing the heavy screening again to protect him from the recall. They didn't want to let me on.
And people was on there talking about what a great job he's doing, taking the callers from the public like he's really taken the tough calls.
Exactly because I said I want to ask him a question and they said, well, if you don't tell us the question, we cannot let you on us.
I told them, and this is what we can let you on the show. So the people that they try to call and talk to them and tell them the truth, maybe not one of us.
This sounds just like the coaches show would be emlazed. You're all over again.
Yeah, I mean, what's the point of bringing these people on the air and giving them an hour of our supposedly valuable air time and putting this facade on and opening them self up to the public in their tough questions and answering them honestly when you're going to like protect them from that.
What's the point? I don't know, but in the sports show when they say Ben Moreno is done and they, you know, even they turn on him.
You can't expect anything because this is not a sports. And that is not a sports show. And that's the bottom line.
Okay, pal. Thanks for the good news.
So once again, we're doing that heavy duty screening. Heavy duty screening. But good job, pick it up. I was called.
I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I was called. I
markets. You can't think about till you think about it. You can't think about it. You can't think about it. There's got to be $5 million. There's going to be $78 million.anny or money. You can't think about it. There was going to be $8 million. and how do you think about it . How do you think about it. What a legacy this to how many millions. And how many millions.
We're going to lose the team. Oh, yeah, the Panthers are going in the next building. They're going to Oregon. You know something we should have told them go ahead pack them a sandwich. Good luck to you. We'll survive.
I don't know how it is, but somehow life went on all those years. I've been here 23 years and somehow in fact, you know something it was better before this town isn't going to improve because we got more sports franchise this town is turning into a toilet.
Anybody who can tell me that this town is better today than it was 15 18 years ago is got to be a nutcase needs to get a butterfly in it after.
So this bill this bull crap the newspapers keep proud of telling you about all the quality of life. So dependent on having a baseball team and a state of what is that bull crap.
Quality of life was pretty good in Canada when the York to be honest. Really we didn't have any baseball stadium.
Had a lot of nice white people. Here's the mobile in four-lotterdale. Hello. Who's smoking this? Yes, sir.
Hey, if stuff that John Henry's putting out there this garbage about returning the profits to the 90% of the nebulous profits, right?
You know what will happen? Yeah, there won't be any profits probably not by the way they take your other book. They will get paid everything that they're looking to gain and there won't be any profit.
And not only that, but there is absolutely no accounting of nobody even has an idea at this point of where that money is supposed to go assuming that there are profits.
Where's that money going to go and who's going to the side where it's going to go? And in the meantime, my kid goes to a middle school that's four years old and was overcrowded before the first day it opened.
What's wrong with that picture? What's wrong with this picture is that this dam state and especially here in South Florida with all these old parts that we've got they don't care about the kids and this is criminal. It's a crime.
And that's why we have to spend so much money on prisons because when you don't take them when they're young and teach them right from wrong, they end up in prison.
You got it. So just as long as they don't break into your house, I mean don't forget just say no.
Right. Okay. So just say no to John Henry.
26 after 10 if I and by the way John Henry, like I said, the price is one up to a million and a half.
Yeah, I should, you know, why should I settle for a million? I got as much chance of getting a million and a half is a million from that piece of crap.
Oh, yeah, I wish you could have seen this entourage they had in here this morning. And in fact, if the sun would have been shining brightly through the window, we'd had a puddle of plastic in a hallway.
Could you use it for our erection project? 26 after 10 at 5 60 WQ.
I'm not going to answer!
If you haven't been watching the new hit show action on the fake networks, here's what you've been missing.
I'll back here, you mother f***er!
All of the foul language that gets edited out of network television is here on the station that's half a network at best.
You've been wasting your time watching crime time shows that don't say f***ing than you're a total f***ing f***ing f***ing.
Watch your calendar and watch the fake network hit show action every Wednesday for the rest of your life.
Or at least until it gets canceled next week.
Okay, Jerky?
And don't miss two new shows coming to the fake network. It's the premiere of f***ing you and go f*** yourself.
1031 at 5 60 WQ. I would say that George during the break and I think I'm right on target as usual.
No, thank you.
See, this is in the sports station, not a sports box station.
It's a sports bar with a microphone like George told me before I started here.
And as opposed to people who already discussed what's really going on,
like the pros and cons book where I had a light up interviewing the author.
I'm the only non-sports show on the station.
I'd like to think with this boxer that died from his injuries in the last fight, which we'll talk about later.
See, they avoid all of this,
assiduously because it's a sit around and schmooze and everything's a big joke.
You know, every slap each other on a yes.
And when it comes to something like this, John Henry thing where you're talking about a community issue,
it requires a little bit more involvement than that.
It requires a little bit more cajones than that.
Then just sitting around and everything's a big joke.
And are we having a good time?
Yeah.
No balls.
No balls.
I don't respect people with no balls.
I can them people with no balls, especially people pretending to be like broadcasters.
I'm sure we're in the entertainment business, but along with entertainment, there's got to come just a little bit of responsibility,
a little bit of conscience.
I mean, here's the guy sitting there right in the room.
Why not sat in him right while he's there?
I'd have no problem with it.
Not that I would give many of my airtime, but if for some reason he was in here,
I have no problem looking in the face and saying, no, go build your own goddamn stadium.
Or go to Ask the Viewer somewhere.
Go get out of here.
I have no problem with that.
He doesn't impress me.
Any more than Wayne impressed me.
Just like all that crap before I came to this station, no, I didn't very jackass writing Neil Rogers.
What's going to happen when he goes on there because you know, Wayne owns the Dolphins to bed.
Did it change anything I've ever said?
No.
No.
Am I going to change?
No.
Not unless the price is right.
I got a price like everybody else.
I was much of a horse the next person.
Well, maybe my price is a little bit higher.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
I have Neil Goddell.
How are you?
Yes, sir.
He's never doing what he's money.
That guy has made a living of making money with other people's money.
Yeah.
He's not going to put a penny up for that ballpark.
And the people are going to do it.
Eventually, he's going to get him to do it.
No, I don't think so.
Well, you might be right.
You know anybody that would vote in favor of it and favor using any kind of money.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't think that's the kind of tax money to build a stadium.
I don't.
Well, you're disappointed that you got in day county.
No, I know what we got in the county.
You got you're disappointed.
I used to leave there a left there 10 years ago.
Yeah.
There's a bigger toilet than a wasp.
Move to Palm Beach County and he's getting just a day county up here also.
Okay.
I'll see you in the store.
Thank you.
Okay.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 05-60 on the AT&T line.
8-7-7.
The out of town line, if dead as a door nail, baby.
Just like yesterday, when we gave away those as a backseat boy ticket.
Does that guy call by the way to say thank you yet?
Or they went to a scout and we got a lot of money or anything like that?
No.
8-7-7-7-8-5-6345 on the AT&T line, 7-8-5-0.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
I was a historical researcher for the state of Florida and I was suspended because I my releasing
I was going to release about the circle, the famous circle.
And I think everybody in your listeners should really know the truth about that.
Is that the truth about that is all the chiefs in the Inchefs used to come around.
And that's where they actually had the first circle jerk.
Uh-huh.
And how was it that I knew where this was going?
Well, the chief was...
How was it that I come now?
How was it that...
20-on-2.
20-on-2.
I kept going through my mind when I heard that tired old voice of yours, sir.
Is there any special reason for it?
No.
Oh, just the usual reason.
With your weak material.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
8-7-7, we're waiting on that out of town line.
Palm Beach, Fort Myers, all over the goddamn world, all over the country.
8-7-7, 7-8-5-63-45.
And now we're back to business as usual as opposed to yesterday morning.
And nice going by the way, kill them three hours of the show with those tickets.
Guess who the first person was I saw on the way out of the building.
I get on the elevator, it's jumpy and it's kid curry.
Oh.
Saying, hey, are you going to be able to go that concert night or you're giving the tickets away?
I said no, I gave them away.
I got other stuff.
Like, I'm going to have to lose money at the track last night, which I did.
Somebody's got to feed the horses.
So I guess I was supposed to feel bad because I know that I busted their chops about those tickets.
Kid Curry, thanks anyway, kid.
And she still had a big ass.
Here's a mobile in the North Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, sir.
Hey, Neil, you want to give your stadium?
Once you give your stadium so you can open up a drag racing.
You know, keep some of these kids off of the street because they close down.
Okay.
Here's a pepper pine.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
It was the same five colors they get every morning on that show.
Yeah.
Hard from North Miami or whatever.
The other guy, Joey, the fact for it.
Yeah.
Nothing different on that.
And anybody different that wants to get on that might have a different point of view or put whoever the guest is on the spot.
They don't get on.
They do the heavy duty screening.
And if you don't, you know, fast up what the question is going to be.
You don't get on the air.
What kind of a show is that?
Or you have to wait on hold for 50 minutes because they have 45 minutes of spots on there.
Yeah.
So I stopped by the calling.
I don't call there.
I haven't.
I barely listen to that show anymore.
But when they said they had John Henry on this morning, he said nothing different than he's been saying for the last six months.
Right.
And he had to be.
And he really didn't answer a couple.
When he got a couple of reasonable questions, he didn't answer them.
Especially if he's really willing to spend money to build his own stadium.
Now he doesn't even respond to that.
He wants to let the voters decide that voters don't know.
There's no question.
It's going to be overwhelming.
Whether without any or Roger, there is nobody in his right mind that's going to spend another time to build a playpen for billionaires in a town that's got so many needs that we've got.
Where the main city in his town is on a virgin bankruptcy.
I agree.
And have a great day.
Now we won't get any of the people of this degree because like I said, most people are suck holes anyways.
We won't give people a disagree.
Not that there are that many of them out there.
Some of the old parts, some of these old fossils, you know, the old baseball guys that are trying to like live in the past.
Those crusty old parts who have no life and go out there and sit in the rain, you know, for three hours.
They don't care.
They're hoping for pneumonia, put them out of their misery.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
We're still looking for anybody with balls in this town.
Do we have any names on the list?
No.
No.
Because there are basically no balls in this town.
Look at the people you got on television.
Look at the silly people like Tony Sigereto, the suck holes, Ike Siemens.
Silly Al sunshine there on Channel 4.
There was two people out there because they had the audacity to open up when the mayor was running around screaming a hyperventilating.
And they were supposed to be having a hurricane, but we really weren't in the sun with shining.
And how dare you be open here and feeding people in your restaurant?
Waiting as ham-hawks at people screaming in yelling?
I'm embarrassed for most of the people in this town, especially the people in the media.
You're a bunch of cowards.
You're a bunch of, uh, a quizzlings. You're nothing.
You're, you're tragic.
I'm embarrassed and humiliated for you.
I'm embarrassed that I work in a goddamn town like this, but I'll take the money anyway.
Thank you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Tom Jack.
Look at the leaves all over the place.
But you can just feel by the look on my face.
Tony, when you are a back street boy,
I'll visit the late three one boy.
I'll never break your heart.
I'll never break my back.
I grab a bag before you see me holding the handle of your race.
That's no line.
So let me ask you, I was at a concert last night.
Anybody in the audience see that guy ever called back from yesterday and say thank you very much.
I got the $1,500 a pop.
No, John.
Whatever his name was John. Did John call?
No.
No.
By the way, I hope you had a great time, John.
As a matter of fact, if you don't call the next half hour, 45 minutes, maybe we're not going to
well wish you had a great time.
Never going to wish you broke your leg.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Oh, is that us?
Yes, sir.
For me, that's the news.
How many exactly think about this?
How many stadiums do we really need?
One on each corner.
Okay, on each corner of each family.
I know.
I know.
And also, by the way, there's a thing in here about the Herkoun stadium, the on campus arena
that they need.
So desperately for their basketball program, that nobody goes to the games that nobody cares about.
And especially when you consider the fact that there is no campus to begin with.
And number two, that the students don't support any of that athletic things and the campus anyway.
What's the point?
Yeah, but they go there.
They could let the Herkouns play in the old Miami arena.
Yeah, well, they didn't draw anybody there and they won't draw anybody in the, if they build a manoeuvre.
Right.
Because there is no campus and there is no student constituency there.
Like I said, when I used to do a hurricane baseball for six years there, I've said this just a couple of weeks ago,
99% of the people who were there were like, you know, people from the community.
There weren't no students there.
Maybe a handful.
Because when you go to U of M, that's a prerequisite.
You have to have a small handful.
And then, of course, the hockey teams move in a way, supposedly.
Yeah.
So, all right, we built that one for nothing.
All we have is more play.
We're going to put it on a concert.
We were dumb enough to be black mails once.
If you don't build me a bus state of the arena, I'm going to move away.
We're going to move the team.
And he was right on the verge and we went ahead and we got sucked into that and we did it.
And for selfish reasons, it's right by my house and I like hockey.
That's, you know, at the time I said it was okay, but it really wasn't okay.
And we got to stop doing this.
I know.
And what better point to stop with than the puts like John Henry?
Yeah.
Oh, gosh.
Yeah.
Well, I'll tell you what, for the last game that they play or the, the, the, um, Marlins play at, um,
for a Robbie Stadium there.
We'll have Pokemon trading card day and just cancel it right there.
Uh-huh.
Just forget the baseball game.
Well, it's the Marlins one.
They just get a crowd in there, but you're going to do it soon because they're...
If the Marlins want to move, right?
I mean, are we going to pay for another...
No, we'll pack them a sandwich.
It'll be a lot cheaper, sir.
We'll have Chuck over in a corner there.
It's right close by the stadium.
We'll have our friend Chuck from the sub-center.
Make up a whole big bunch of, uh, the sub-sandwiches.
And we'll pack everybody on the, uh, in the organization of sandwich.
I'll be honest with you, I've seen those people out in the hallway here with their works brother suits.
Didn't look to me like anybody was missing any meals, including John Henry.
Even though he looks like he's about crane on a bad day.
Just build me a stadium next all.
I'll give you back all the money.
I'll give you back all the profits.
Anybody believe it?
No.
That God damn the Orangus.
That's the problem.
He reminds you of the bird.
Yeah, you know, you're right.
When you come right out of it, have you ever seen him in the bird together?
No.
He's the bird.
That's who that is.
John Henry is the bird.
If I laugh for us, John, come on.
There you go.
John Henry as the bird.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
Hey, don't, sir.
Okay.
You know, I was listening a little bit yesterday.
I met with anybody mentioned it.
Uh, the $45 million rest stop that they just built on the, on the alligator alley.
Right.
Uh, but it's not just a restaurant.
The rest stop.
It has, actually it has boat ramps.
Mm-hmm.
And they said that, uh, I think it was in the, uh, Sunsend on Sunday's paper,
buried somewhere in the middle somewhere.
But, uh, the rider actually said, the rider actually said they could have built three
brand new elementary schools in Broward County.
Right.
But they, uh, they decided to waste their money on a restaurant.
We had to stop for people that are driving over to Naples, you know, for that hour long drive across the alley.
So, uh, I just thought I'd, you know, give you a little something to add to, uh, the misery.
And you realize it had to be extra secure and extra expensive because that's what we do it.
$45 million so people can bring their jetty down.
Because I know that every time I've driven across alligator alley, I always feel real threatened, you know.
Yeah.
Well, you know, they put the boat ramps in, so all these, uh, yo-yo's with the jet skis can go out there and jet ski with the alligator.
All right.
Thanks. Thanks for the good news.
There you go.
By the way, the $165 million Mars lander.
It hurt from it yet?
No.
And it's not only the $165 million that says if this effort fails and almost will certainly leave the team, this embarrassed Mars team.
In the previously unthinkable position of having lost three landers in one orbiter, the entire $360 million dollar panoply of robots aimed at Mars this year.
And what was to have been a vital second wave of research in a sequence exploration of Mars.
See, when they write the history of mankind, when they look back in retrospect and they write the history of mankind, these kinds of things,
all of these things will be listed.
Man's play toys.
I mean, I'm not, you know, I'm not a funny, dirty, who's against space exploration to a point.
But see, I'm one of those people who believe that you take care of your, uh, most important priorities first, and then when you have money left over to play around with, then you did over the extra money.
Do we have extra money to do around with down here?
No.
No, we don't have any.
So go, go, go with your security people.
Go, diddle what I see.
And it's okay, John.
I mean, we don't have any extra money down here to do around with anymore for sport, assholes like you.
And by the way, isn't that interesting?
Not only did Wayne lie that line that I always played about.
Well, if you go ahead and build me the state of mind, well, play there.
But because I don't want to be a liar, he used to be a liar.
We all know he's a liar and he's playing there right now.
But now the teams have for sale.
He's making all this money and will continue making all the money just like the concerts the last two nights.
He makes the lines here, the profits from all the events in that arena.
Hockey games, there are no hockey games.
And they go ahead and they build them this $200 million dollar, a police state of the art place.
And well, it's not good for his stock.
So he's going to bail out now anyway.
How many times can somebody come along and kick you people in the teeth before you say,
I don't think so.
No more.
No, no more.
No, thank you.
Here's the mobile and pomp it will be.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
This is John.
I got the tickets for the show last night.
Here we go.
All right.
Thank you so much.
I'm sorry you missed it.
It was a great show.
I took my wife and she's a big back three boys fan.
They kept playing songs.
After song I was like, why didn't they do that?
And it was in best sheets I've ever been in my life.
It was right up front.
But the main thing I remember from the show and I can still hear it today is,
all the time, I hit the wall.
was I confident but he did nice going there John. 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 0 5 6
on the AT&T wireless line. How's line 7 doing by the way I'm a little bit
nervous after which it sounds fine to me they all seem to be working again
they're working just fine they were John Henry was I walked by the other
room there saw the lines lit up like a honna could bush of course at the time I
didn't realize that they were screening heavy duty all the calls and making
sure that the tough questions never got on the year. See I don't understand
what kind of a show is that what kind of a radio station is it where you're
going to bring these people on who are supposed to be sports personalities
celebrities moguls whatever the L.A.R. maggots and protect them from the
tough questions. See the first there's one word that comes to my mind
immediately when I think about that you know what the word is?
Boring. Yeah boring boring because there's not going to be any controversy
there's not going to be any fireworks there's not going to be any exciting
exchange there's a boring contrived pre-packaged dull dull and all the
Jeremy Shabb Jr.'s in the world aren't going to change that before. Here's
Sunnyvale or one of our chronic on the bat line hello. Hey buddy how you doing?
Okay sir. Hey listen you can get rid of John Henry just like we did Eddie
DeBardlow out here. Yeah bring Janet Reno down and have him interviewed. Yeah.
Eddie was busted for gambling and so now the 49ers are owned by
Jonathan John Henry I think John Henry is too boring to be clean I don't know.
Well haven't checked out. I mean that's the quick way. Maybe we'll have to check out
his yacht and see what he's gone on there that 165 foot yacht that he's always
off to Alaska with Johnny Horton. That's right with that money's coming for
somewhere. Yeah probably probably okay thanks 5 6 7 0 5 6 6 6 2 a
California okay pal stick to something you know about and on the out of town
line 877 7 8 5 6 3 4 5. See like I told you there's no interest in this in the
first place. So it's extra it's like it's double dose of embarrassment that they
would take an hour of our valuable airtime this morning of the a little bit of
time we got in between spot breaks that they would take what it was about 15
minutes we have out of each hour and something like that and and handed over to
this guy where there's not even any interest in it nobody cares everybody
already knows it's a done deal that not gonna happen not gonna vote you know
and then little jolties on it well I'll wait till I see the final package they
put together and then I'll make my decision yeah you'll make your incision who
the hell are you kidding Torpey you all sat around there and you sucked his ass
you were intimidated to get all these guys walking around here all these big
guys and their suits a big entourage about as impressive as a frog's part that's
how impressed I was here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami hello
Neil yes sir hi Neil hi enjoy your show you know I'm listening to that guy in the
field you know if these people you know what should happen Neil they should take
all these all of the big sports conglomerates take them around the area in the
city and show them what is really neat what's essential maybe they have a second
tall and I got out there near you know that old ballpark with the over the
the orio used to come out and practice your friends yeah I have to be a good spot
why don't they pull them over there they don't have to pay that money they'll have to
beg people for money you know yeah but anyway Neil I enjoy your show I like your
thoughts and these people go for that stadium they gotta be the stupidest people in the world
okay okay even the dumbest of the dumb they know that word no there you go much
easier than yes because that's three letters this one's only two no no no no
esponial it's no no no in the Dutch name no yet no oh don't say yes five six seven
oh five sixty yeah let's build it right on the side of the old Miami stadium that finally burned
down let's build it right down that that's a real good neighborhood yeah that's where you have to go
clean up that neighborhood man you build it with your money and see if anybody shows up your 25
thousand seats stadium I mean this is a man that talks kaka talks crap and they don't want to put
his feet to the parent say you know what what you're saying makes no sense at all if you made a bad
business deal hey it wouldn't be the first time too bad made a bad business deal get out of it
go sell it to somebody else or move it to someplace where they subsidize and build you a god
damn stadium where you find a bunch of suckers you found some suckers there this morning I'll tell
you three of them on that show and an ike scene in Zaten the hallway had his tongue down to his
toes god what a suck whole man here's a mobile in Cooper City hello Cooper City hello yes sir
we talked before about on this stadium issue one thing I never hear anyone talk about from Henry
or the heralds that you talk about 400 million that that's not the number numbers you got a 10%
constant you got a 40 million dollar your debt load I don't hear Henry saying that the
marlins plus he's going to guarantee the 40 million dollars a year to cover this debt service
I build them for it if you get up here and see just like you didn't hear Mickey Erison say
it when they were going to build a American Airlines arena it's going to be opening any day now
just like they didn't talk about it then when Mayor Penga told everybody what a great deal he
negotiated and how Mickey was paying the whole deal of building arena but he didn't he left
some of the minor details out they're going to leave the taxpayers in eight county paying to
support that building for the rest of the time to like tear it down someday and have a great day
five six seven eight is disappeared overwhelm five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless life it looks to me John Henry that's a resolve of the people even though there's no
interest in your baseball team but the resolve of the people is just as strong as it has been
the answer is still just like on the petty sales tax mayor Penga the answer is no and let me say it
again ninety-three percent of people in his town don't listen to the O'Rodger show so it isn't
because the new Rogers like that Jack said on the morning show it's because the people don't want
to pay anymore god damn for that for billionaires we got more important fish to fry
you silly person you four minutes before eleven at five sixty w q a m
yo this is pj fly to come it fly cuz I know it's up and if you think Jared curls not where it's at
then you're the one who square because I tell you what the fact didn't just disappear it moves
down a little bit you see Jared curl man I'll be cool but this is it's Jared curl for your
nut wow sexy you see the ladies dig it it looks so cheap at like yeah they like
cheer nuts and they look good I use Jerry curl for your nuts and I've never had so many compliments
at the urinals at work in the locker room at the gym and even the crease confession I
slash last week it is sweet and you should get hit with it it's Jared curl for your nuts
back to them today it's eleven on one at five sixty w q we got Hank at the cool city at two we got
the books to read six and North Carolina what is it North Carolina Charlotte 49ers at the
Amami Herkou and basketball what is that North Carolina Charlotte well I don't know and do I care
no but that's on at seven o'clock tonight a lot of empty lines I tell you one thing it sure is
nothing like the parade of calls screened or not that they had this morning when John Henry was
on and you should have heard in case you missed that hour should have heard the away that most
of the callers approached mr Henry oh mr Henry thank you so much for taking my call and
for coming on and speaking to us this one mr Henry see I guess if a guy's got a lot of money
automatically we're supposed to respect him but it is yeah automatically we suck his ass that must
be what I saw here this one because this guy's got a lot of money so therefore everybody's got
a suck up to him I'm not the least bit impressed in fact I've discovered it in the course of my
life that most of the people I've encountered who have a lot of money their assholes they're boring
they're a borish they're they're nothing I mean not that I wouldn't like to have some of their
money but at the same time that doesn't mean I'm gonna suck up to him because I'm never gonna
get anyway oh mr Henry thank you so much for coming on and speaking to us this one yeah right
like he's doing it as a public service and I'm trying to bring Washington propaganda dies
here's Pompano hello I want to tell you right now Brauer County decides to change their mind
and bring you to Rina I will not play there right remember that yes we should take a lesson from him
right it's the same thing I'll over again how about those Toronto Maple Leaf last night sir yeah
looks like a big game on Thursday between us my flyers in your Maple Leaf and again Saturday
yeah I know back to back should be able to hear knows what that's all about yeah I know nobody
here knows Steve Thomas scored an overtime last night his release came from a two nothing deficit
in the first period and won a game at overtime three two and F 38 points and lead the Eastern conference
oh I think I won I beg your pardon only by one but nevertheless it's the only half the lead by one
they're both playing great should be good good per games you are you are now done your team really
uh scares me okay good good and don't forget the ball hit the geeks and tell the bazaar thanks again
you got it okay for the playoffs isn't that a shame that there's nobody here that you can even
discuss that that like I've said before that tells you what kind of a sports town is this it's not it
just isn't Johnson dies from injuries in the ring Stefan Johnson wanted to keep boxing even after
a knockout similar hospital in April but he's dead he's dead his death Sunday a 31 from
injuries in November 20th but I'm going to score the price he paid for ignoring those in other
warnings about his health he managed to get fights in spite of the fact he wasn't supposed to be
yet was on medical suspension he still managed to get his fights in Georgian South Carolina before
his November 20th junior middleweight but in Lanark City with Paul Vaden he was knocked out by
Vaden never again consciousness before he died an autopsy showed he died of a closed hit injury
and left subdural hematoma with multiple complications is there anybody calling sports
shows about that oh no is there anybody saying oh my god it's barbaric and grotesque and there's
no purpose other than to beat somebody else's brains out and they didn't this case and he's dead
which happened so many times is there anybody talking about that no no oh you see the fight the
other day oh yeah what's that next that I can fight part of that whole sick much he's
moping it's like bullfighting into the spam you that's what boxing is to wants the sickness it's
an actual sickness it's kind of like a long one with a gun you know in a violence part of that
sick macho thing oh that's right a panji like you you wouldn't like boxing anyway that's that's
right that must be it must be the right that's right the bull boxers here's a candle hello
yeah hello Neil yes sir love the show um this Sunday our pastor from our church said not to
listen to you because you were a double worshipper uh-huh and and but he loves the boxing so what's
crazy yeah that's all I'm a devil worshipper yeah there's a double worshipper when there's no such thing
as the devil well because you belong to the world he says so you don't go to church you know you don't
believe in God right uh-huh and uh-huh I'm trying to believe there is no doubt at all so in other
it's I'm bad for his business is that what he's really saying and bad for business uh-huh yeah
that's exactly what he's saying okay god bless you sir I'll pray for you thank you okay yeah he's
wrestling with his conscience and wrestling with his snake never the twain shall meet we got
1600 open lines here today unlike yesterday when we gave some tickets away and bought some calls
here from this dead ass audience what was that we just had there now what was that all about
some wrong numbers some real colors some uh you know football wrong numbers yeah sorry wrong
number five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line all the boxing
lovers out there oh yeah you're wrong Neil it's a great sport it's mono one mono baby it's one
on what not a sport it's barbaric crap that should have been banned a long ago and even Howard
Coastel who made his name in sports casting two boxing when he finally got out of it said
god it's gotta be banned let's bring the gladiators back yeah you can point it objects that'll
you see a lot of people are in your swing clubs you ever seen one who wasn't gladiator five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line out of town line dead as a door now let's
separate that guy from Sunnyvale California that's sticking his nose in our business that I wish
he'd stick with own stuff eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five eight seven seven
seven eight five Neil and Neil here's a mobile in Miami hello hey there I just wanted to give you a
heads up on how they're gonna do that stadium yeah I'm listening uh what they're gonna do is the
school very excited to do the same thing as they didn't camp of the school's earned bad shape the
fire department the police department uh-huh seven somebody will throw on you're gonna vote for better
schools more money for the schools and the fire department and also in the same where's the money
where's the money where's the money from the for the schools and the fire department gonna come from
well what they're gonna do is they're gonna jack it up on motel taxes or something that I
guarantee they're gonna get it and they're gonna piggyback out no they're not they're not gonna get it
I hope you can do something about it yeah let me say it again just like people kept telling me
we're gonna get the penny sales tax did was was it closed no no it's gonna be the same thing with
us it'll be on the ballot next November and it's not gonna even be closed all right I just wanted to
give you a heads up on that one okay thank you now I see when you say give somebody a heads up that
means you know something does this man know something no no no he just give me a glittering generalities
because they did this over a tap up and because what's his name he's gonna year over there yeah
it's not gonna happen the people are gonna say overwhelmingly oh trust me
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line as we continue fighting the good battle here
but a losing one no question about that how much to be crazy I must be nuts
yeah I like it when the guy stopped by for a hummer
so you remember
so you remember when you come back that hummer
Luke he is on the block really have small
tiny issues have no I am just a fly from the guy stop by for a hummer for a hummer
I like guys who start at home they want to
and stretches when they make their way to pick it long from my hummer from my hummer
big one daddy stick it in my hand I gave you a hummer and it all began
you had the biggest one that I ever did see it fell to the floor when you tried to see
when you unzip I can't help but once but it's so big that you just had to flog it
if you wet my whistle with that big thing bang I've actually done my throat
minutes for I've be crazy now I think about you when it makes me sad you went away
and never came back I gave you a hummer and you went back home
and all he told him was the size of your bones I felt even love when we gave me a beat
now I'm a little bit like Alex Big Keaton when I'm at you I knew that two were six
it really doesn't matter the size of your six new kids on the block really have small
tiny issues have no I am just a fly from the guy stop by for a hummer for a hummer
John Henry and the bird are the same person we just checked it out
it's 1114 at 560 WQ and 567 05 60
pound 560 on an AT and T line and at line 9 it's a waste of time it takes too much time to
give that number out to any moisture time thank you here's a mobile on Marco Island hello
Hey Neil yes sir I do have a life I got out of my am after about 30 years I call you about
once a month because I enjoy your ride much more than that crazy the fake crew will call
the fake crew in the morning or sick but I got to say I think you have balls and I'd like to
put you up as number one ball I'm not looking for a suction I mean that's about saying
I'm looking for a list of other people sir sir I'm looking for other than you sir I'm looking for people
community see what I'm saying like I told you most people are called radio talk shows all they
want to do is yeah I mean you know we are looking for calls on e shows all the time believe me every
year it gets more and more difficult because for one thing most people have anything to say but
not that you have to stop right and that's what most people I call not just this station but
all talk stations that's probably the number one problem with talk stations is chronics and they
call because they want to appreciate themselves people are want to suck around oh yes mr. Henry it's
so wonderful talking to you oh yes we love you and a horse that was named after you too
I mean at this morning all these people oh it's such an honor to speak you mr. Henry if you
could see this guy would you call him mr. oh hey slipper what do you do over here who let you in here
which is why you have to bring that big entourage of all his succulents his supplicants along
with him to make it look like a big shot because if he's up here alone he looks like you know
hey by the way they got a they got a pale in a mop over there John which he could have used by
the way this morning five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line mobile and sunrise
hello hello Neil yes sir hey how you doing okay I just soon did a little bit ago one of your
colors and somebody called you a devil worshipper uh-huh well you're not going to be you're not
going to be rooting against the penguins and I done already no as a matter of fact I will we'll
be rooting for the penguins okay yeah I just want to replay last time with brass or a broken
pros or four games of suspension and believe me deserves that and then some what I was shot that was
the goalie is that a penciling? then the game difference you got to have control of your
step oh yeah yeah you got to have control of your stick I understand I just I didn't think you did
it in pencil I thought maybe it should be maybe a couple games but you know something with
the with or without Yanik Perot at least the one last night made another nice crack back and
they're still kicking ass just like they survived nine games without my attend Sunday movie all right
yeah all right well you guys in addition to which we also be the penguins in that game two of
my my my reality with everything I know I was crying without Yanik Perot that's right yeah uh for the
next break Neil totally shameless request yeah uh the Fairfax Avenue okay thank you sir
have a great day I don't think so five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line we got seventy two hundred open lines here baby we're up close to getting some of
the music highlights from my slides concert we have any comments beside the one guy that I give
the ticket to about the concert no no here sunrise hello Neil yes hi buddy I just want to tell
you I'm gonna call you I called you last year my Pearl Harbor baby just wondering if I can get a
plug in for that yeah no happy birthday jingle not with a voice like that buddy no the answer is no no
maybe you want to audition for the morning show you fit in there like a rubber glove man you stick
her right in there back home the finger that is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
the AT&T line eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five you know something I'm
beginning to wonder uh because you know you look at the research and I'm showing less and less
there is no connection between the show and the morning show I think we have some crossover with
Hank but I think the morning show I don't think there is any crossover I just was spinning my
wheels wasting my time I'm actually there is a one percent of this audience that heard John Henry
on the station is one much less good care about him or who listen to the morning show that would
be an interesting thing to find out is what where audience listens to the morning because I don't
think it's the worst team I could be wrong I don't think so see I get sucked into making a bad
mistake like there's some continuity you know like people are listening to the radio station they're
not listening to the radio station they're listening to individual shows and believe me the sports
nerds want no part of this show and thank god for that because the feeling is mutual here's Miami
Springs hello and up for the sucking yeah thank you mr. Rogers for accepting my call thank you for
making your call sir exactly that's mr. Rogers very good mr. Rogers yes your brother suit exactly
what a pathetic piece of journalism this morning oh yeah journalism that was real journalism
that couldn't be called journalism that was fucking is not journalism yeah all one side in my
trying I called in every time they get somebody in the studio with them they have to protect them
they have to cover up protect them from the callers and they didn't even have Christina more in
there or a Dave O'Brien today do a pretty good to screen the calls for him exactly well when I called
in I had to ask the question and Mike and I was told my call was to my question was too confrontational
are you serious yes sir your question was too confrontational exactly oh my god what a bunch of
pussies pussy pussy pussy three pussies in the morning that's the new name of our morning show
yes sir wow I wanted to ask John Henry about if it doesn't go through and he said on
building his stadium why not update the stadium down and hosted janky stadium Bobby Maduro
yeah we got an our stadium not that you have to stop before it won't be confrontational man
I was too confrontational wow changing the subject a bit I was channel surfing something morning
and guess who I saw pedaling Bible videos pat boon no charlton heston exactly wasn't really
yes sir charlton heston was pedaling Bible videos exactly and he was to give us some credence
because in his own words well I can't remember what he exactly said but he feels close
sir than most to most well you of course because he played all those guys
that's incredible that's really incredible oh well forget Bella LaGosia used to walk around with
the with the vampire cape on too so ghost to show you that's true hey George happy but later birthday
all right later see you what did he say cape on 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 all I gotta say lady and Naples
hello yes ma'am yeah I'm from Naples I tried to call before because never get through oh yeah right
lines are smoldering yeah love love you show and hockey rules yeah I love the the panthers are
pretty good I went to see one game I've never in my life seen where they had to put up on the overhead
make noise and sort of fans to cheer oh yeah they do that a lot of places no I'm a race yes
yes well not in New York because they know what the game is all about they've got 400 years but no
they do that many of these new plastic buildings and a lot of these expansion cities and in fact
it's funny you mentioned that because Saturday night I'm sitting there you know minding my own
business worlders the stoppages in play and all of a sudden I hear the crowd go in nothing I'm
looking around like did a fight break out or just something going and then I look up on that
scoreboard let's get loud yeah well I think tonight it's the panthers not the panthers what do you
call penguins so covalov and Yegor what do we Yegor Yegor Yegor Yegor yeah okay have a great
day sweetheart covalov and Yegor ought to be doing something 5 6 7 0 5 60 past it's unbelievable
it's amazing it's astonishing and like I said there are so many nice people that I meet
that are even most of them very nice to me and they love this show and they listen and they
chaptered versus they never call it show probably because they're too embarrassed to show the thing
all of them about the sport but I mean they're just you can't complain about the knowledge in
that arena because there isn't any how how many years do you have to have a franchise before
somebody finally says oh yes what I know what that I know who that is that's Chris Wilson in
the stands again is here he's only 48 now but they just don't want to let him know because it
would be too embarrassing they have to admit to a mistake and being a bunch of hard asses they
don't make mistakes here's for Lauderdale hello hello yes sir Neil yes I am long time listener first
time caller all right different subject public supermarkets standing in the line with a quite a
bit of load of groceries and three or four people behind me loaded with carts and a lady in front of
me after she gets everything checked out she tells her wait the checkout girl I need some cigarettes
now the checkout girl has to leave the cash register walk over stand in line wait for the girls
that are busy to give her a package cigarettes bring it back and give it to the lady in front of
my question is my question to the manager I said why can't they go over and get their own
damn cigarettes instead of holding up everybody in this line yeah he said it's a convenience to the
customer I said how how about the inconvenience to the four people with loaded carts behind the
customer you didn't have an answer for that so that's my great you have any comments no okay thank
you very much okay do you have any comments George no problem story just handed me here over the facts
v gal Netherlands the student open fire at a regional high school in the southern dutch town of
v gal that wanting to teach her in three other students that tell her is reported the student
turned himself into police in v gal about 60 miles south of Amsterdam or the city of Aindhoven
the victims were taken nearby hospitals the TV reports that extent of their injuries was not
immediately known authority said the shooting occurred shortly after two p.m. in a hall outside
the computer room of the school there was no obvious motive for the attack school officials
in a class early and sent the students home school shootings are virtually on a hurt of in the
Netherlands where gun control is strict and weapons are available only on the black market
on the black market how do you like that huh well that's great we got McDonald's over there in
burger king and pizza maybe they can catch up to us with guns not too that'll be good
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line the other town line today is really desperate I mean
desperate 877 785 6345 877 785 Neil with the K here's the mobile and four-large mail hello
hello Neil yes sir yeah it's all thanks for Neil speaking oh hi hey let's be two weeks before
the least come the town yeah I got a couple things tied only and Peter were out last time they came
down but what what does that mean you have a couple of things tied only in Peter were out
of the house one that's like 38 deserts that bears in yeah
all right there's a great hockey cowboy he wants to talk about sir gay bear isn't okay click
that was pretty good comments sir I appreciate that go leave school 5 6 7 0 5 60
5 60 on the AT&T wireless life and that world famous line man that line nine can that line be working
or what huh let's hear it's working 877 785 6345 they won't even tell us what they listen to
in the morning on this uh on with their listen to the worst team or not maybe they're just to
study my mind ladies and gentlemen my name's Louis Bagel and this is Martin number 5
one two three four five everybody likes to eat corn p for amara and I like my bagels into poster
but all you have only ham and cheese is really not kosher I love some to filter fish a good
niche didn't like my face yummigas flung it a kasha and mata I eat flip lock it's kind of like pasta
white fish hellings but we still pork like so big you gotta use an ice fork higher my it's also
let me eat it but hey the luck is so far you can't really lump it hard again last day nine
i'm a little bit of pacola is all right i really think i missed but but i had i'm open to my
anger like my dad the last time i did it last year it's new year i really like a bagel with some
fear my mother's name is answer my dad instead i like to go and see Bob let's lie down oh yeah
that was pretty one at 5.62 every two a.m 422 on a waiting point it won't even call and tell us what they
look into it a morning this crowd is that is that a difficult question oh i'm sorry
5.670 5.60 pound 5.60 on a AT&T wireless line it's just astonishing to me you know it's about 10
11 years ago when i gave up doing a guest in the topics i realized at that time that what i was
doing was passe thank god for me nice going Neil you're welcome way ahead of all the others i
said this ain't gonna fly we better start doing something it's a lot more entertaining and now we
see this trend that came out the other day where all of the talk stations all of the show even the
Howard went down a point and a half everybody went in the trapper now you can assume it's a bad
sample it was a bad mother arbitraron famous for that or maybe maybe it's time to like play a
Hungarian riserca's now because i got news for it makes no difference what it is unless of course
it's given away freebies in yesterday was living proof of that two and a half hours solid maybe
for like what do we have maybe two seconds we had an open line once in a while they're in that two
and a half hour period yesterday until the next one could the could bleed in there
makes no difference what it is they they are as mum no it's just it's passe it's as it's out of
unless of course it's calling it and sucking around with famous people like mr henry
well i'd mr john henry thank you so much for taking my call and thank you for
thank you for screening my call and not letting me say what's really on my mind and having to be
very creative to try to get across a point that maybe this is in disagreement so you guys
that at morning show you should be ashamed of yourselves ashamed not just because of those
mediocre numbers but i mean oh my god if you want to make it exciting i mean Jeremy shat you know
for about two minutes he's funny that guy but let's get serious how about some meat how about
having the balls to say something to somebody anybody can talk beyond somebody else's back that
doesn't take any talent but when you have somebody on there confront a guy
these are the same three guys by the way if we heard any support from any one of the three
for a public publicly funded stadium all these lives not no no not even a hint of it
but now they get the man on there with his entourage all of a sudden oh yeah would you do it a good
job taking the calls for the public do it a good job dfo i'm telling you man if you look up
suckle in the dictionary your pushes written all across it he is the champion suckle there's
nobody even close here's a mobile in Miami hello any idea okay sir you always wanted to have
lunch at you and meet you but i guess i'll go that in hell yeah okay thanks five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line you know when hell freezes over that's when we'll have
here's a mobile in four-letter day hello oh nia i love you uh-huh i don't call you all the time i don't
want to become what you call the chronic yeah i chronic yeah but whatever i can't have any chronics
lately we don't have any code let me tell you something every time it's a battle here it's a big
battle the phones don't work or when they do work nobody's anything this time i know i hear you
i hear you i hear you i want you work i want to play the game i want to play the game i want to
work you get jerks like the one but in any case talking about that's true and let me tell you
something talking about what that screw on that lady the words over there in the office we were
talking about screw in screw in let me tell you something that bitch i think she's getting something
okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T where we talking about screw in
no no here's four Myers hello four Myers okay they're gone here's a mobile in four-letter day hello
hey Neil yes sir yeah i just want to call and let you know that i called in the first team and i
want to get john harry a little of what i had about him and i i got screamed off when they hang up
on me because i he has me want to want to talk about and i say i want to ask john and he
keeps fluts back it but anyways i know that he's pleased okay great see what i mean
and this guy you're you're not funny anymore pal you're boring you're terminal
you're sad you're beyond chronic you're weak even if you do look pretty good you're weak you're out
you're off you're dead meat this is sad we we have reached a major crisis on this program we
reached a crisis of confidence on a part of yours truly now seriously i mean well what is the
point what's the use if you listen for the last 25 or 30 minutes the music to me is much more peaceful
and much more entertaining this guy with his foot that that's all he knows this guy we have
five pack and that that's a medley of his line now air recall revolves around that he's obviously
obsessed with breakfast either his owner somebody else's or both that that's that's what we got
out there in a magic city and when you come on here and you try to have some balls and when you
try to give people an opportunity to say something and not screen to call that's what you get maybe
they ought to get rewarded for screen and calls in the morning so this asshole i just called he
didn't get on you know i'm saying maybe they're doing the right thing and we're doing the wrong
thing maybe we got to start doing heavy duty screen of course if that were the case we would have
any calls because we don't have an endless supply of the same hundred sports nerds that call
on everyone the sports heroes every day over and over again all of whom are known by name
i mean this is this is really special today this is fantastic here's a mobile in the Miami hello
mobile in Miami who's twisting it hello okay twist away here's a mobile in west Palm Beach hello
hey yeah how are you okay you wanted to know what we listened to in the morning yes
i hope you don't fall off your chair but i got to be honest i listened to you all Paul Castro noodle
yeah so why we're gonna fall off the chair well i know you know you know you're out of big fan
ahead but i mean the wonder the question is the question is what the you listen to not who am I
a big fan i listen to cd's in the morning and you know something if i would have been smart this
morning i would have been listening to them and i'm talking about john Henry yeah well why would
you have those guys on first place they are by all means the worst and let me ask the
melt does Hank like his your ass every day because i mean he must bring him like millions of listeners
because i listen to you i listen to me i listen to zeta ten o'clock sing change it over to you
yeah soon is that that music comes on for Hank i listen to maybe five minutes maybe yeah it's the same
talk on man he's so fat he's so great he's so fat you're too fat Hank i'm just right but Hank
is too fat how do you like that you're too fat Hank i know you lost your weight but a long
way to go fat so we want this guy listen you're gonna have to lose some weight because you too fat
for the radio i mean that's just amazing he's so fat remember that sound by carly Simon you're so fat
oh god you know i listen to you people and i listen to the things that come out of your mouths
and i sit here and i go oh thank god for that big check twice a month thank god for because there's
got to be some reward to doing this there has to be something that makes it enjoyable worth
while it's like to pay off talking to these mouth breaders day after day after day for 150 years
if you don't like Hank show up and that wasn't the question okay i wasn't offering you
up an opportunity to rip out a hangglobe or burger anybody else or tell us who's too fat and who's
just right thank god castren over nice and slim 21 till noon at 5 60 w the q a m when you're in
the hoover out the moon man pretend that you're driving your brand new car you pull up to a stoplight
look over and see the most beautiful woman in the world but instead of ignoring you like most women
do she winks so you reach down between your legs unbuckle your belt unzip your fly
and hang your big hairy ass out the window because you know there'll be others and you just
want to find it it must be the new car you just love saying that
1244 what is it 144 already got on might it this is done by fast 16 till noon at 5 60 w q a m c
they got it called finally i thought i had something going to respond to my question there
just to see if we have any crossover with the morning show and he's got to make a big song
in the dance about oh a Hank is too fat and this one sucks and how come i was listening
really pathetic these people must all be from New York you know i'm saying uh huh gotta be
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady in pompano hello
hi Neil yes man i'm still a snow bird from Detroit Michigan yes but every time i come here i look
for you i wish we had somebody like you i guess you heard about the two new stadiums where i
would build a rock cross from the Fox Theater uh huh and i just this is the second time i've ever
called but i always listened so that's about all i can say to nervous talking i understand say
how do my friend dick okay see you bye bye bye 5 6 7 0 5 60 we have an open line on the out of
town line 877 785 Neil 877 785 6345 here's Miami hello Neil yes sir when i lay it out for you
what's going on in this town mm-hmm we have Joe Rose doing a show with Jimmy Johnson with that
i think doing a show with Jimmy Johnson these guys will not criticize anything that they they're
attached to you take for example a couple of weeks ago and they lost that game to Buffalo we can't
talk about Buffalo Jimmy says we can't talk about Buffalo nobody had the boss we even mentioned
behind the fact i kept mentioning that all week we can't talk about last we see another one
does does he make the rules for what we talk about our nation these guys are making the
reason that all week long both shows all we can't talk about that and if somehow Jimmy's going to
decide what they can talk about what kind of a quizlings are they anyway they're they're
dictating what we can ask what not not we what you guys can ask them what you guys can talk about
yeah but he doesn't want to talk about Buffalo Danny stormed out of a press conference and they
dick that does it every week in your audience every time there's a lot they lose they storm out they
want to talk to the press and they dictate to the press what they want to talk about now i'm a
marina was absolutely right to walk out the questions they were asking him were ridiculous and by the way
doobstag Rogers was the one that asked the most ridiculous question and that's when Danny finally
got fed up and walked out and then they come on here yesterday morning i didn't hear it but i
heard about it i had spy reports talking about what a great sports guy doobstag Rogers is in
channel seven he's a total zero he's a jerk uh with doobstag Rogers who lose bag Rogers yes he
was the one that put Danny over the edge like see me or you're gonna put any good to me over the edge
just watching you know you're absolutely right nobody has the balls to ask the right questions
these guys are supposed to be investigated reporters i think you know something nobody in this town
cares about that that's the problem just like that Brian Murray show i mean the people in the
Saudi they didn't care all they wanted to was call up and suck around whoever they're talking to
they don't give a crap well it's it's like i said it's a pattern they're dictating us what we can
ask you the car is not the radio talk show when you call Hank they asked before your phone they
call you back see who you are i mean you guys yeah if you want to call every time i've called
Hank a couple of times both times that i've called me to discuss various you know things that are
going on yeah they get what's your phone number what do you want to talk about what are you going to
ask what's your phone number they yeah they ask for your phone number they're something what's
that all about and they call you back you know they put you on hold and they call you right back
just to verify are you serious when you correct yeah they scream you know they they ask you for
your phone number they ask you for your phone number and they call you back yes sir no come on i'm
not sure that George is not in yes but i'm finding that's very difficult to call him
and Jason and all those jerks he's got working for him oh my god wow okay that's how we've got
Neil i feel better keep up the good work yes he at least we just take him as they come okay and i
realize that maybe that makes for like a lot more wackos out there and it really does at least it's
not as boring as something that's contrived in addition to which let me ask you this if they're
that concerned about screening the calls how come so many of these gamblers get on with those boring
calls what's your take on it ischbubbing ip salad game tonight uh how come those calls always
seem to get on here if you're looking for oh that's right forgot i'm sorry
what's your take on that and by the way you notice all the responses about the boxing thing
about this guy dying nobody cares let's tell you that you don't understand we don't have time to
care remember Adam's fiance we don't have time to care about those things done with her okay okay
that's the way shot can it there you go well i just wanted to say just checking maybe one of these
days i'll find something that somebody does care about again i doubt it i think those days are gone
here's a mobile and four-lotterdale hello hey Neil yes sir yeah i'm one of the people they
wouldn't let on because i wanted to ask why we couldn't use the money for new schools and stuff
boy it seems to me that there's an epidemic of people calling this show now who couldn't get on
that show this morning because they were screening out the people that had tough questions
yeah exactly yeah i don't know what kind of a show is that this is a trial this is in this grace
it's a contrived to show oh god i want to say i'm just requesting you i'll give you like 30
seconds of the lap tracks for Steve's barrier and the gators and they're lost
uh bam on that i don't care about the gators i don't care about Steve's barrier and i'm not
going to get sucked into that crap let leave that to default okay and his restaurant days
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line eight seven seven seven eight five
sixty three forty five on our america's line is america concerned about these things no no
here's a lady in four-lotterdale hello yes man hi Neil how are you i called you yesterday
to suck around for tickets and even though i didn't get them i wanted to thank you for the
opportunity and i ended up getting tickets there were three different sections uh-huh
my daughter and her friends sat pretty close together i was way up in three sixteen but the
concert was great was it it was absolutely wonderful i really should have gone you know yes
except your piercing scream that i had to listen to the concert by finger in my ear
because it was this little girl shrieking uh see that i can't handle it now i go to hear the music
i'm here they were still three they were still girls they were still screaming uh after the concert
was over walking out but i sat next to a lady and her two girls and i think we had more fun
than they did we were dancing and screaming and yelling and and we just had a great time great
if except for the screaming it was it was wonderful my daughter was walking around on air
all the way out to the parking lot yeah well nick walks around on air a lot of time right here
so they were flying around all kinds of stuff last night i'll bet okay glad to go thanks thanks
what are the very nice lady how do you like that somebody nice i mean nice isn't always
nice is sometimes boring but she was nice what's wrong with that what's wrong with nice once in a
while okay just once in a while just for variety sake as opposed to will you punch back in john and
rea although he may have had a point here this morning because he and i've seen and we're huddled
over in the corner and one of them had something in the other one back down he's on you that right
now i think i thought it was a tongue thought it was look like a tongue here's a mobile in my
any hello he'll yes sir how are you doing i'm a first time caller i've been listening to you
since the bird was on and the first time i've ever gotten in to give you a call that was no bird
that was john Henry man same person listen i took my daughter to the concert too you should have
i mean the the screening was outrageous but the special effects at the beginning they came
flying in on skateboards the wires on their backs and stuff it was really excellent yeah you should have
gone yeah i should have gone but i didn't i had a good time with the track of losing money last night
you know all right all one thing though everything there is so expensive right yeah but i'll high
two french fries and a soda cost me twenty six dollars
there you go man i mean Jesus Christ that's always our best recommendation i forgot to mention
that for the concerts this weekend that's always our recommendation eat a good nice meal before you go
there oh yeah yeah and i'm gonna find a t-shirt and a some other Mickey Mouse thing there i mean
it's it was outrageous but uh my daughter liked it but that was the important part okay glad you
everybody loved it it was a good time was head by all it said that the guys were floating on air
with or without the wires five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line
why sure feel bad about giving those tickets away after all the work that uh what's his name
i can't carry one through no i don't feel bad he didn't feel bad he doesn't care
as long as i keep saying things about Anna squeaking her large uh supple breast and her big ass he doesn't
care make him look more mature all the time here's western hello pretty good sir
hey near as far as the crossover goes you get more crossover from Phil show in his tape
yeah i'm saying and i'm out of chronic called i smoke the chronic near okay five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two lines uh what do you say yeah something like that
and eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five eight seven seven eight five
sixty three forty five on the tall three line for the entire universe that's the one that's
sitting there right now dead as a door nail i had a fight i mean not that you care but it sounds
the familiar santa because it's true fight and scream and yell and push and pull and squeeze to
get them to put even just for the people over there on a west coast and it was in ovaly for a
little while like a play toy like you know hula hoops cabbage patch dolls pokmon all
the other crap that's popular for about by ricky martin you know somebody's new play toy for about
five minutes and then it got like real boring you know i wait a lot of call him once of course i'm
talking about stuff that it has to do with the morning show that they don't hear any play
sales beside here they have their own morning show over there in four mires and i'm sure that in
Palm Beach counties anybody listen to the worst team in Palm Beach no no they have a tough enough
time in date and proud if you're looking those numbers forget about Palm Beach what's on in the
morning in Palm Beach by the way is there anybody uh Howard is Howard on the morning oh that's right
Bob and Tom now you'd like a why would anybody listen here's a mobile and aventure hello Neil yes
sir hey uh i was at the console last night too one of those few dads with all of those screaming
girls right right at a good time what was the average age there about fourteen fifteen uh more like
twelve really and it was really high pitched when they sang along it was uh like a girl's choir
oh god that would have killed it for me like i said i'm so glad i didn't go listen to the morning
my fifteen minute drive to work i either listen to Howard or the first team or CDs if they both
have their commercials run it right and they run ten minutes commercial so usually in that fifteen
minutes i might be lucky to hear five minutes of the show that's about it okay take it in the
day of the great time thank see all the people that worked the concert their last night now they're
coming out of the world they had a factory boys were great in spite of what George says
which we don't really care about your agent is taste in music because we know his taste is in his
rectum because we don't care about that nobody's perfect five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the ATO mobile informers all being god damn hello how you doing pretty good sir
i listen to Howard in the morning and the back treat boys are a bunch of funspacking fans okay great
fort Myers okay get your finger out of your nose or resident rectum uh same difference
what if you do he sticks it in his rectum first and then his nose to make sure he gets the full aroma
the full bouquet five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line one eight seven
seven seven eight five see i'm not going to even push that line over there what do i why do we
care what you listen to it in the morning and four mires anyway is the worst team on over there
no what are we talking about jack ball mr macho four minutes till noon at five sixty double the
parf
it
Just like rock and roll
Dying with parts, deadly parts
I just wanted to ask K-Mart
I watched a woman test level around
She was wearing a terrible crown
I walked right out of that plane
With a space pile of my day
Silent parts, deadly parts
You and I are black
I have one go but don't close back
As the distance of your gaffer's back
If you're in church when you do
You'll have to stay in your view
I want to know who cut that G
I've just wondered because we already know
We've discussed it many times on this program
Since we talk about real life not fantasy
That's smelling your own parts
And a hot steamy shower is one of life's truly phenomenal pleasures
But I wonder those jocks, you know, after the game showers that they take together
And those steamy showers I'm talking about
I wonder if they share each other's aromas
Especially after a big win
Oh yeah, that was really great Danny
Just something to think about
560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless lines we searched for a new format for WQAM
I think it's time, we had a real good one on the station for a couple of years
I have no idea how
But I think it's time that we find a new format
Maybe bring some guests back, maybe bring the bird back
Or we could just have John Henry be the sidekick
And if you're now on any other stadium
Just do that in lieu of pay maybe
Here's Hi Alia, hello
Neil, how you doing today?
I have three little topics I want to discuss
The first one is very interesting
I noticed that the Dallas stars have a goalie by the last name of Fernandez
Yeah, you got that
Yeah, we're everywhere, man
We're even at the hockey
The second one
Don't worry about any Julio's at the Mac Arena party, won't find any
No, it's funny because it just sticks out like a Swarthath
You can go to the search party
Once in a great while, like about once in a tenth game
I think there's about six Julios that come to the Mac Arena to see a hockey game
Other than that, forget it
You know, it's funny because my neighbors from across the street are all Julio's and they got season tickets
Yeah
And they grab all the way from Campbell to the Mac Arena
Probably a scalpen on the way
They might be
Okay, item number two
Okay, in the mornings
Okay, I listened to about five minutes of the first team which is all I can handle
Listen to this I hear Joe Rose
Let me tell you a story
Okay
And finally
I met the UN game three weeks ago and I'm born on the Q1 before the game
And we got the beer going and I'm at some behind me here at points
I'm at some behind me and I'm a beer from you
I turn around
Yes
Yes
Gilbert
Birmingham
Birmingham beer and Birmingham food from the tailgators
I'm at the orange bowl at the University of Miami-Cade
It's thought that I was stubborn, so bad
Can you believe that?
Yes, I do believe it
Okay, well, it goes in the oil
And by the way, the good news is he showed up at our thing down at the specs in the Gables
Yeah
And he was there for like 30 seconds at the security
But paid his money, bought his thing and he got the hell out
Nice going, Eric Gilbert
You know, but it occurred to me that Gilbert should be the last person that should be consuming alcoholic beverages
He drives you now
Yeah, he does drive and how do you think he got that way by the way?
That's a great thing, Miguel
See ya
I'll read the Dirtchy
UN pled shot in the groin during Hazing
In one of the weirdest fraternity episodes ever reported at the University of Michigan, not U of M here
A 19-year-old pledged from New York was shot in the groin with a BB gun early Monday
According to Ann Arbor Police
Ferturnity officials said the victim is scheduled for surgery today
All right
That damn thing is beaten back there, probably out of paper again, God damn it, I hate when that happens
And Arbor Police Sergeant Greg O'Dell said the shoot over 19-year-old member of the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity
Tilt officers, he didn't think the gun was loaded
Here's an original line, I didn't think the gun was loaded
Oh God damn it
He said he'd been firing the air-powered gun at the groins of several pledges to scare them
Oh yeah
The BB gun was extremely powerful and the shooter was about two inches away from the victim's groin when he shot
Anyone thought it was a joke until they saw the blood
Wow
Oh and the better, here comes the best part
The BB struck the victim's penis
Frantic fraternity members called police saying he'd been struck in the hand
Other members took the victim to hospital where he was in good condition on Monday
And his penis is also in good condition, thank God
How do you like that?
Maybe that's what happened to the guys in the morning show
Maybe that's where they got those BBs from
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
That's a true story by the way from me, she again
All right
You know how to do it up there man, the gang that could shoot straight
Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hey Neil
Yes ma'am
Hey how you doing? I went to the Backstreet Boys Council with my daughter
I think that, I think it was great, we had such a great time
I'm more and more convinced that I really should have been there
It just wasn't complete without me being there
I know, I had extra ticket too
I should have gave it to you
But we ended up having a really good time, it was really nice to see all the little girls get so excited
And they have these crushes over these boys
Right
And you know it was so cute and it was so nice to see
And anybody who doesn't believe that girls are just as sexual as boys
has never seen a reaction to girls at the concerts with all these different boy groups
Man, they just go ape shots
Yeah, my ears were ringing
Right
You know but it was a good time, you should have really been there
Okay, maybe had a good time
Bye
Thanks
We're gonna have everybody who was there last night's gonna call in today
Which might not be too exciting but it's your better than I am
You've been bugged pocket
You know I'm convinced now that that guy's a moron
I realize I'm a little slow and of course if he would have been real ugly
I would have assumed that right in the beginning
But you know how I am a sucker for a pretty face
Superficial
Yes, that's right
I don't need to know names in the history and like you ethnic background
I don't care about that if they look good
Bring them on, I don't care about that
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Would you stop beeping back there, God damn it
I'll go fetch some paper here
Go get some paper and stick it in there
Please just shut that thing up
I'm whatever happy to our friend that what's his name?
The Atlanta Braves kid that was the desperately looking for a job
It was gonna bring us another facts machine to try out
Whatever happened with that
Huh?
Haven't seen him again, do we see him?
No
It's like everything else with business in this time and here today going to borrow
By the way speaking of business Gary Sarner
He's an asshole
Yeah
Gary there's a you and John Henry seemed to have one thing in common
He's got a lot more money than you do Gary I'm sure that
But one thing you haven't common you guys you don't understand the word no
Very simple two lighter word in so many different languages the tallyano in esponial in English
No, no
Means a negative as the opposite of no
I get a quote yesterday from a guy that that Gary Sarner has been trying to pawn off on me
That I wasted a whole day of my life a week ago Monday we can go yesterday
That I just briefly mentioned which I haven't mentioned the name of their business on the year yet
But I'm getting real close
The answer Gary is still I didn't I tell you very specifically Gary Sarner I don't want to be bothered at home or anyplace else by these people
Did I tell you that?
Did I tell you?
Yeah
Here's a mobile in west palm beach hello
Mobile in west palm
I love these people I just love them
Here's a mobile in Naples hello
Nail
Yes sir
How are you doing?
Okay
Just for the record over here Bob and Tom rocks in the morning
Right
And that was about it
Bob and anybody in the right mind listen to the worst team when I hear Bob and Tom
Yeah
Got a good point
Neil got the CD for center one it's great
We appreciate it
Okay thanks
Take care
5 6 7 0 5 60
5 6 be on the AT&T line
8 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 4 500 open lines no waiting
Here's a pepper of pine hello
Hey Neil are you sure?
Okay
Answer your question I was in the higher than morning
Yeah
Definitely the best show on the air right now
It took me about 10 10 30
Yeah
With the worst team hit more Monday because it's all for games you know hear about that
Other than that I mean after the door can you over I mean what they talk about all day long
Okay thanks
5 6 7 0 5 60
0 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in the homestead hello
Mobile in homestead
Are they fast today are they on the uh huh are they yeah
Mobile in homestead
Going once
5 6 7 0 5 60
0 5 60 on the AT&T line
Here's Kendall hello
Kendall
Yes sir
Sir are you close to where the phone is I mean is the phone like in the same room with you
Hi I'm there you go yeah
Here's the story the day after Thanksgiving the Friday I think your on vacation
The pre games to show a sports channel they should melambi with half a turkey
Yeah
No
You're gonna go give it to a neighbor who's kind of tight you keep budget
Uh huh
So they walked over to the neighbor's house
It's hilarious you know who it was yeah rumor okay great
So 11 past noon at 5 60 WQM like
Great Whitney has a pair
Ruler
Music like Mary Lisa was so funny
A big black man
You know who the specials you talk between your eyes
True and
You don't think black they're laying a charity in strong
You don't know the power of thought anybody
We switch our years low thing strong
That was a little fail right
What grows up your after time
Watch that night
And open your eyes
You get something to fail right
Huh
It's true well
You be the big job bang tonight
I smack your hands and lose up your body the way you like
Screw it
You get my bow your long and strong
Get charity money to okay and so fair if it's wrong
You got it you wife
You just be by side
Decarative it's we like
You don't have a good job
Now they take with no take to that
1217 and 560 WQM
We got hike in cool city we got booster in the studio 6 to 7
We got the Herkwood basketball with North Carolina some
Some girls team from North Carolina 7 o'clock
5 6 7 0 5 60 by the way
Ray Caruith Carolina Pantherswide received a 3 million bond
Nearly 12 days after he was arrested in charge of the kill
The Panthers said the release of Caruith
Would not make him eligible to rejoin the team
How unusual huh
Amazing
Scumbags and the assholes who worship scumbags
That's going to be the book I'm going to write
Put that pros and cons in its place
5 6 7 0 5 60
5 60 on the 18t line
877 7 85
63 45
Here's Hollywood hello
What's going on there Neil?
Not much pal
Hey the worst team that's exactly what they are
I'd rather flick my nuts than listen to them
Yeah
They're horrible
I'll listen to Howard and switch it over to Rick and Suss
And then when you come on I chew
Okay
Alright have a good one
Thanks
How are you getting definitive?
You know some of these people that are in denial
They're just saying it to suck up to me
But they're still listening like the guy who said
Well Monday morning I listened to their hear about the dolphin game
And what is there to hear about?
I mean if you saw the game what is the point?
Why do you need to hear somebody talk about it?
I mean don't you have enough common sense to see for yourself
What happened? Why do you need to hear somebody analyze it?
And suck up
5 6 7 0 5 60
Here's the mobile in homestead
Hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
What's going on?
Not much
Hey what do you think about the idea of shipping the whole population in Cuba to Florida?
Shipping the whole population of humans to back to Cuba is that what you said?
Yeah shipping them to Florida
Make this another Cuba
Yeah
In other words we are already
Is that what you're saying sir?
That's correct
Uh huh
The boundary of our brown county
Okay
Here's the mobile in West Palm Beach
Hello
Hey Neil how you doing?
Hey uh they call back a while ago about uh uh the Hank Goldberg show about Colin
Yeah in the phone number? Maybe that's for me too
That was what it was you know it was back in a car because that is true
I said I wanted to get my nose
Yeah
Haha
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on a AT&T line
877 7 8 5 6 3 4 5
Oh that classical music man I can't wait to hear that again today I never thought we'd be cracking it out this soon
Yeah
I got it sitting right here off to my left only inches away
Here's Davy hello
Neil yes sir
Yes today you mentioned that you were taking provocol to low your cholesterol
Yes
Did you change your diet also or you just relying on that?
No I did not change my diet
And my homo level by the way is down to 8
Oh!
I'm a health assistant starting at 16 and then it was 10 like two months ago and now it's down to 8
Oh!
Which is great by the way
How's the brothels and the Amsterdam?
How are the brothels?
Yeah
They're there
Did you visit them?
No
All right Neil thanks
Okay
Here's your guy that's writing my life story okay and provocol that I changed my diet and how are the brothels and Amsterdam?
Did I visit them?
No
No
Like I said before if you want to pay for it over there you can but anybody who's got to pay for it's really desperate
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
How very sad that last guy
So difficult if somebody lifeless, bland mind
They sound like that straight line
You know what I'm talking about?
That 60 cycle tone
Like from the Sandy Payton show
With the expression never changes in the voice
Kind of like a steady hum
Job
Yeah
You're boring pal
You're extraordinarily unbelievably boring and we're going to call you back and find out what your phone number is
And start posting it on T-Rumwall so maybe get a little bit of action and like spice your life up a little bit
Which obviously a desperate lesanita
Here's a mobile in Miami Lake
Hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
You know I agree with you so
So if you saw the football game
Why do you need to listen to people talk about it the next day?
Yeah that's what I just said I just got through saying that
I know you saw the game and you know
So why are you repeating what I just got through saying I just got through saying that
Okay I got one other point
You know the trade talks in Seattle
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the AT&T line
Our poll question today is why do the Julios have no material in this town
That's our poll question
I mean no material none
None
Zero
I've been on here here 500 years
And the Julios have got nothing to talk about
If it isn't Fidel and that same old crap which we're not going to talk about
We're going to talk about it
No
If it isn't that they got no material
I mean what does your life consist of all you Julios out there in this audience
What do you do?
Where do you go?
What do you eat?
What do you think?
Are you breathing the fresh air?
What is life all about?
Please
Please let us know
Man
I always wanted to have a little hooliopyrida in my shoulder
It would just repeat back in my ear you know
Got a call I'm going to call
Yeah right back in my ear
Same old shit forget
Yeah I forgot
What was it?
Here's here's pompe no hello
Hey Nail
Yes sir
Yeah I want to know if you
Do you see that thing on the news last week about
Yeah, likely story
Well we got all the assholes out here today boy
They're really working feverishly
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pom 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line and could
A work pal
And could a work
Here's a mobile in medley hello
Yeah Nail?
Yes sir
Dominican hooli here
All right
You know I listen to
Or spend in the morning and then it goes straight to you
You listen to one
But now I would just feel hairy on the way
Yes
Yes
Yes
Okay he's gone
I can't even finish a sentence here for quite a while
I can't finish 10 to 20
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Here's the mobile in Pemberk Pines hello
Hey Nail?
Yes sir
Hey listen I listen to the first team in the morning
Yeah
And then I listen to your fat ass
Yeah
And then I listen to the other fat ass
Uh huh
So that's the extent of my day
Well you'll be pleased to know that
You're doing news Nito
You will be using your funny sometimes
Yeah you'll be pleased to know that the B-Fo's also got a fat ass
So you got three fat asses there for you
It's like the three studious thing
Right
And then what's George's Georgia's a fat ass
Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the 18 T
This guy sounds like he's really into
In the...
Brackdom
Heavy duty you know what I'm saying
That seems to be the big thing in this town
Back a year ago
A year and a half ago
And we did that show on anal sex
And it got a phenomenal response
That's what they're into in this town
In the Brackdom
Yeah
Here's the squirrel springs hello
Hey
Yes sir
I hung on the line yesterday
And I want to be taking off my son
I want to be taking off the list of young teenagers
That like the kids
The kids at last night you know
The kids
Well you know what I mean
And anyway
What does that mean?
Well the back street boys
They just...
They liked a couple of songs
But they're you know
Well I told them
I said listen I hung on the line yesterday
They would deal
And I said I tried to get some
Tickets for you guys
And they said well did you win them
I said no
He said good
So
But he said they liked the songs
But they're not...
He said they wouldn't go down with all the screaming girls
And stuff
They said a lot of young girls like them
Just like George was like
Yeah God forbid that they should go down with a bunch of girls
Now they probably rather go with a bunch of guys
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty
 pound, five, sixty on the AT&T line
Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five...
Sixty-three muddy cones
Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty-three, forty-five
These people are just incoherent
They're hilarious. There's gotta be something in the water
I think this is the way
If it was getting back at us over that kid
Here's the lady in the North Miami
Hello
Neil Rodgers
Yes, ma'am
This is the first time request
First time request
first time request what does that mean the beautiful song you sing for me
sitting on the bus to Del Rey waiting for the bus to take me away or a wave I
love that song would you play what I'm singing for you all would you play the
I'll take a poll on it how's that please how many people want to hear it okay
my husband wants to hear it I want to hear it I just love it now hold your
husband how old is your husband my husband is 75 and I'm 72 can't play it
26 past noon at 560 WQM one another break already
oh
he drives my door and she's three feet tall I wouldn't like what's done no way
I said I didn't lay it again so I'm just sitting on a pension Del Rey waiting for
he just
inuy
a
Just you can get arrested my bones.
Wonder why my wife won't leave me alone.
We've got it over and I never win.
I just wind up schlepping through the wall again.
Oh, so I sit on the bench in the rain.
Waiting for the lonely best to take me away.
Only I'm just sitting on the bench in the rain.
With my hands.
And there it is.
I can't time it.
I can't wait to get off the bench.
I'm a few feet.
Anyway, how are you going?
I'm doing fine.
And by the way, you're welcome.
OK, even though you are 122 years old, I'm sure you're very nice.
1232 at 560 WQM.
I mean, here's a fact from James and South Beach who says,
I just wanted to let you know that alpha, epsilon, pi is a Jewish fraternity.
Oh, OK.
Something else for us to be proud of.
Mazel Shah says James and South Beach.
How do you like that?
So at least we know that the kid over there at UM, University of Michigan,
at least you know he was circumcised.
And if he wasn't before, he is now.
VB brain.
Rick packed through our close personal friend, a fact student, and says,
the smartest person I know, my 11-year-old daughter is,
I love it, I can't read your writing.
Whatever that says, 15, 12, whatever.
Went to the back feet boy show last night, said it was great,
so there's you definitive answer.
OK, Rick.
And Rick fact, there sends me a very, very, very,
very, I'll say this for a little later, when we have no calls in about 10 minutes.
Interesting thing about radio stations headed for another strong advertising year,
but the audience for radio has been shrinking.
It has shrunk 12% since 1990, while the number of ads in a typical hour has doubled.
How do you like that?
So the audience is getting smaller and smaller, but the spots are getting more and more and more spuff.
How do you like that, huh?
Nobody seems to care, they say.
The radio executives don't care.
In fact, it says radio has had no significant programming innovations,
integration of all-talk format in the 1980s.
Here we are, a year 2000, a few days, and like 24 days, three and a half weeks,
the year 2000, 20 years would know innovative anything in radio.
Like I said, it's time for us to change initial, because this audience,
or any guy that's going to rely on a phone in this crowd,
like an active self-immolation, whatever that means.
Here's a fact, speaking of having a burning desire to tell it like it is,
the first team were the, now see, I don't buy this.
It says they were the victims of a stadium infomercial for John and me.
If they were victims, they were self-appointed self-inflicted victims.
It says they should come out of here and apologize to all listeners.
These shows give them no credibility.
Well, they don't care about credibility.
All they care about is getting the paycheck.
They obviously couldn't care less about credibility.
They just want to take home that paid paycheck, and that's it.
And I have to raise both eyebrows up in a year and ask myself the question,
and what's that all about? People who don't care about any credibility,
even a minimal amount, even a further favorite restaurant taste.
Isn't that, remember that place in the Fort Lauderdale restaurant taste in Furnow?
Just stop and think, let's make a list of all the great restaurants
in South Florida that are long gone.
Makes us sound real old and whistful for the old days, like I'm whistful, VISTA.
Makes us but too bad. Those are the good old days.
Before we had baseball or hockey, a lot of this other cock-a-ri,
we were doing pretty damn good once upon a time.
I mean, we survived the British invasion, but then here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
No, not a mobile.
Here's Stationery in Miami.
I'll take you on Neil.
Okay.
I mean, I want to town green show it's really, really, really awesome.
Yes. And those days.
Yeah. No, they're done Henry.
Yeah. No.
They can just get my rear end.
And one of them asks you if you can play a rehabilitation.
Play what?
Breath, breath, augmentation. Have a great day, sir.
Five, is this all request Tuesday?
No.
No. I mean, you see, all I did was I just got weak there for a moment for that 245-year-old lady,
because any breath might be her last.
And I played sitting on your thing in Del Rey.
And all of a sudden, no, the answer is no.
What is that that you're opening with such a look on your push?
It puts a lotion in the basket.
What is it?
Well, it started out as a CD.
Oh, but it's like stuck inside all that crap that's packed.
Oh, no.
The US Post Office strikes again.
Is the CD not in there?
Oh, the CD is in here.
Yeah.
But the plaque, it's been smashed.
There's no way that this could have been accidentally smashed on there.
So the CD has been smashed to the side of the read.
Put on the grass and then stomped and crushed into the rules of the park.
Yeah, that's great, because you postal workers are a bunch of assholes, okay?
Not all of you, just some of you.
Just many of you.
And you've seen the things where they show you on TV how they take some of the mail home
and they pops you around and they look through it and see if they can find anything good.
And then they stop on stuff.
Here is a CD.
I mean, granted the CD cases, the dual cases are plastic.
They're easy to break.
But here is a case where the CD has been like chopped off.
Now, the good news is that it's your old crow.
Oh, yeah.
So thank God for that.
Don't bother resending it, Tracy.
Yeah, forget it.
Tracy, where is my, is the, what about the 98 degrees Christmas CD?
She said she was sending you another one.
And already gotten one.
No, I did not already get one.
What if I would, let me ask you this, if I would have already gotten one,
would I have not seen it?
But I'd not have cherished it and embraced it.
One would think, because I do like 98 degrees.
I do, I do, I do.
One would certainly think.
I never got it, Tracy.
Just like we get stuff in the mail, you know what?
My post office box.
I told you about that one thing.
The CD is from abroad from Germany that John got and somebody at the post office
that already opened the thing up.
And the CD, the German CD that we're going to have been removed
and a bunch of cheap American CDs that were like on sale,
a hundred for two bucks, something like that.
And if they were fooling somebody.
So you people at the post office, you're not fooling anybody, okay?
The price keeps going up and up and up,
pretty soon it'll cost you a buck and mail letter, ten blocks away.
Oh yeah, that's a good idea.
Once your scotch tape that the CD together, you got both pieces.
They're going to tape it together.
That's the crazy cool pieces.
Just throw it out, it's Cheryl Crow, okay?
It makes you want to fuck it.
I like I said whoever at the post office did that, thank you.
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
Great.
I've been a fan of yours for at least ten years.
Well, that's good.
That's good.
Now that we're winding this whole thing down.
A couple of weeks ago you talked about a couple of,
I think there was dolphin players that were involved in beating their girlfriend
and in gangs and stuff.
Yeah.
And I'm having an argument with my dad that that didn't happen.
And I just want to know who it was so I can tell him.
Dolphin players have accused of beating their girlfriend.
Well, Irving Spikes beat up his wife.
Okay.
Was one.
Okay.
Well, you read like an article on a newspaper.
Maybe it wasn't a dolphin player then.
No, it's probably that book pros and cons.
Okay.
Okay, I just wanted to know because I'm having an argument with my dad.
About what?
Whether that dolphin player couldn't do that and Jimmy Dawson wouldn't hire you know, hire a...
Well, you're talking about Lawrence Phillips who was cut by the dolphins
and then by the 49ers and everybody else in the league.
Yeah.
There's one.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's him then.
Yeah.
Okay.
Anyway, I'm just a big fan of that.
Jimmy Johnson wouldn't hire me to scumbag like Cecil Collins and every ex-con that came down the pike.
Who is he arguing with your dad?
Yeah, I'm arguing with my dad.
He's telling him to get a lobotomy.
Jimmy Johnson never met a criminal he didn't like.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Thank you very much.
And have a great day.
Yeah, dad.
There's another joxton if we're old, dad.
And by the way, beginning of responses about the boxing thing?
No.
No.
Of course not.
And every time there's another one of these contrived, fixed fake fights comes along.
They call all the sports shows.
Oh, who do you like it at the Tyson Max Schmeling fight?
Yeah, but Schmeling's been dead for 40 years.
Yeah, but they're digging them up again.
Yeah.
Doesn't make any difference because they're like hooked on it.
They just can't let a disease, like an illness.
The sicker, it is the more they like it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Whatever happened that call from Binghamton, by the way, they vanished.
Too bad.
Well, if you're going to be impatient, too bad.
We're paying for it.
Okay, great.
Well, I wouldn't got on here.
Didn't know.
It starts right out.
The first word out of his mouth, SH.
Said very good, sir.
I thought they were supposed to be conservative up there.
Huh?
Like real up polite.
He's telling us crappy weather with an SH.
Do you hear that?
That great call from Manchester, New Hampshire?
Well, I don't lady called back and said,
I'll walk away from the radio for a second.
Could you get into play at the game?
No, she didn't really.
I was really, she really did.
You have to be kidding me.
I am an asking bitch.
You have to be joking.
No.
Well.
Against my better judgment.
I went ahead and played it just because she sounded so desperate.
Her and her 422 year old husband, Mithyula Jr.
I went ahead and I played it for them.
And she walked away from the radio briefly.
And what I played again.
No.
No.
56670560.560 on the AT&T Line 8777-7856345.
One good thing even if people are calling on the Align Line, if from all the rest of the
commixless field better about ourselves in South Florida, because even if people are calling
on a long distance line are assholes today.
Assholes, tragic, lifeless, sad.
Here's a mobile in Weston, hello?
Yes sir.
Okay, that was Lamar Thomas that you were reading an article with.
I think it was yesterday.
Well he was one of them, but I mean Lawrence Phillips is another Lamar Thomas is one of
many.
Well that was the whole deal where he's beating the hell out of the girlfriend and the wife
and the mother was there and they couldn't get her off.
Is this about a week ago?
You read quite an article.
I think that's the lady that she was referring to was Lamar Thomas.
And in fact, was Harukun and he also played for Jimmy Johnson now.
So I want to clear that up for you.
Okay thanks for the good news.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Line 8777-7856345.
Before I leave it to a clock today we will get a real normal goddamn living and breathing
call.
Even when we had that one, those picker from our Fort Myers.
That was giving me a song of dance about the back door boys and all of the other crap.
Yeah, I realized that it affects your macho image over there in Fort Myers.
Nobody over there could admit that they liked the mother of the back street boys or 98
degrees or instinct or any of those other groups.
Some of who do stink by the way like instinct.
We understand it's very important for you to keep up that macho image over there and
underline the word image all over the West Coast of Florida.
Tampa, Queerwater, St. Pete.
That's where all the old trolls are as in St. Pete.
Sorry Soda.
Here's the mobile and West Palm Beach.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
All the winners today, man.
Uh huh.
I have a championship day here on the Euregiation.
Another one of them.
Yeah.
Let's a grew up playing hockey all my life.
I love the game.
I am a Panther fan but I think it's absolutely ashamed that this city gets to have an
NHL franchise.
I mean nobody gives a damn about it.
It's not just that they don't give a damn about it.
They don't know anything about it.
It's the seventh year of the franchise.
Sooner or later you must start learning something.
You have to start getting with the program and they don't know.
They just don't get it.
I said the worst team doesn't ever mention it.
Hey, doesn't know anything about it.
And what's the worst team is excused by the way since Geltie is on there every morning
and one of his jobs is that thing he does with the Panthers.
Well, what's the excuse for almost never talking about it?
Very little minimal.
Right.
I guess that maybe a lot of nobody cares.
I must be it.
And then guys going your show talking about Yeager.
I mean it's disgusting.
Yeager.
Yeager.
Thanks, Yeager.
Have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neal, how are you doing?
OK, sir.
My name's Julio.
I'm calling you ask me to call you.
Yeah.
Just wanted to know if there's anything you need to know about Julio.
So I can represent the match.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
And here's a mobile informer.
Hello.
Hey, Neal.
Yes, sir.
You know, I used to live in Miami,
and I moved to Formaier.
Well, these places, that, man.
Yeah, compared to here, that's really saying something.
Can I go back?
No.
Listen, can you play a smoke-tweet lunch in the morning?
No.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
How the hell they let him in over there?
Boy, he must have sneaked in late at night.
Like about 2, 30 in the morning,
where it was like a real, real fence
throughout side to everybody with some sleep.
Must have, must have.
It became down in Chimney.
Wow.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
In there?
Yes.
Let me have a little bit.
But they play a song again for these old people
up in just two.
No.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
wireless line.
This audience like I told you has no material.
Zero, the big, none.
None.
I predicted that.
How many years ago, 100 years ago,
I said, they were running out of material.
You could smell it.
It was in the air.
And now they've run dry.
See, that's why certain shows.
I don't want to mention no names, you know what I'm saying?
Are you sure?
That's why it's perfect for them.
Show that they can't call.
Show that around tape.
Show that they can't talk to.
So that they can be totally passive.
And just sit back and I didn't have to be involved.
That's perfect.
In fact, what we're going to start doing
to combat that is we're going to start just
playing best in the old tapes.
I was all against the tapes,
but I'm taking a whole new attitude now.
I'll come and live and do the spots live.
You know, on those days when there's a copy change,
rest of the time, I'll stay home or go someplace, you know.
But I'm serious like, I think that's a great idea.
Because then, and you can play the little announcement,
don't call because this is a recorded part.
And then that's great for them.
That's making a difference what I'm talking about.
It makes no difference what I'm talking about
when I'm here live.
It's immaterial.
It's irrelevant.
Because it's a totally passive crowd.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Fort Myers.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you were talking about the Holy of Little Watt ago.
What's this thing about you want to know about what they eat,
what they do, what's all this about?
Were you listening to what I said?
Well, yeah, I was listening, but do you really want to know?
What did I say, sir?
I said, how come it is that no matter what we're talking about,
that the Holy was in this town of which we got about 75 million
have nothing to say about it?
Well, you see, my question is,
what is it that you people are interested in?
What is it that we're interested in?
Yes.
Well, we are also interested in sports and all that.
Were you talking on the radio about who you're this, who you're that?
And you don't even know, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
well, that's why I asked the question.
That's why I'm asking.
Right.
You want to know about what we eat?
Is that the kind of question you go ask on the radio?
Yeah, what do you eat?
What do we eat?
Yeah.
What do we eat?
Man, listen, that's maybe the kind of stuff they feed you all day.
They're on that radio, right?
Yeah, I'm forgetting a lot of it today.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure you are.
Non-stop.
Non-stop.
There you go.
But you, but you keep feeding off of it.
I mean, you see the one answer to the question.
All you want to do is act hostile, you know, like another hostile Julio.
I mean, I asked a very reasonable question.
Yeah, because what is it that you people are interested in?
What is it that you have something to say about?
It's the kind of hostile that you make people like me have to call to your show and have
to put you.
You had to, you had to call the show and somebody holding a gun to your head.
What are you talking about?
You had to call the show because I am calling the show because I'm going to let you
know.
What are you saying?
What are you telling us?
What am I telling you?
You told me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
I'm covered a lot of Julio's informed Myers allegedly.
You think he was really informed Myers?
You do?
Oh my God.
Running.
Running.
Running.
Watch out over there on OS Coast, baby.
The invading is coming.
It's spreading right across the old alley.
They're spreading it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
877, 785, 6345.
Instead of getting a hostile, why not tell me something?
Why not answer instead of just being a hostile?
Of course, anybody can go like that.
That doesn't take any IQ.
Takes no talent.
Takes no knowledge.
Don't take a real man to do that.
Here's plantation.
Hello?
Daniel, I'll see the problem is that the current sometimes takes the Julios to the west coast
every now and then.
That's what I'm hearing from him.
You mean they're going to start washing up on shore over there?
Yeah, the current, you know, the Elenio and stuff.
The current's changed and they drift on that side sometimes.
They get in the back way, so to speak.
Wow.
Yeah, listen, I just got a brand new computer.
I'm not a computer geek or nothing like that.
But I did find your, I was on fill, listen, a fill over the internet at night.
And then I bought one of his tapes.
So all you expect about one of yours and then went to your website right from his and
all the audio vault stuff that you got and all the cards and that's just a killer killer
thing, man.
Everybody should visit that if they got a decent computer with me.
Right, nearrodgers.com.
Excellent, man.
Actually, you can listen to like every show for the last six months.
That's right.
The whole three hours.
It's on Eric, Eric up there in Orlando, Eric Hill does a great job on that.
Fantastic.
But why can't you take the commercials and stuff out of those shows?
Like the archives, that place.
Probably because Eric may have a life and have other things to do besides editing.
No problem.
No problem.
Hey, Neil, thanks a lot.
I love you.
Have a great day.
See you, camp.
Yeah, and why don't we bring this guy.
Lies, two while he's listening for a crying out loud.
You know, I want to have somebody put a bib and feed it to him.
I mean, I appreciate all the nice things, sir.
But we can only do so much for you.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
You know what I'm saying, sir?
Oh, okay.
We'll send that to Julio from Four Myers of the Year to interpret for you.
I think he just washed up.
Here's a lighthouse point.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
First time caller.
Great.
And I'm calling in to say that I was in a lot of fortunate for five years and I walked off
the job yesterday.
Really?
Due to the fact, I went to what they call property assessment.
You know, when they raid a house.
Property assessment, yeah.
And you have like a hundred thousand hours of drugs and toys and expensive things that
drug dealers buy.
All right.
Yeah.
I find myself in court every other day defending other officers for stuffing their boots.
Right.
You know, stuffing their boot of the yeah.
So I just walked off the job and this is something big that's going to be in the paper.
It's going to be all over the news of how the South Florida officers are just robbing
people and then reporting that they only found very little.
All right.
Yeah, just a little bit.
Yeah.
For property to drugs.
It's drugs especially, yeah.
Yeah.
So just calling it isn't that their thing song take your booty.
Yep.
That's it.
Okay.
Good luck pal.
Back to the ASAP.
All right.
Haha.
Woo.
By the way, speaking of the scandals with the police, hear any more about that internal
investigation?
No.
Infernal investigation about that prostitute rank.
Man, all these great reporters we got in this town.
Yeah.
I see man's and all these other great investigative reporters, all these great journalists.
There was a story that was supposed to become one of the great scandals in the history
of law enforcement in this town.
Did it happen?
No.
Did we heard another word?
No.
Was there like anything?
No.
No.
No.
And they said that there were cops from every police force in Dave County showing up morning
noon a night with minors with young girls underage 16, what have they really were?
Kendall and Hylia.
Now one of you folks is running a horror ring out of your home and horing out some underage
kid.
I guarantee you'd be doing a life right now probably.
Let's get it out of cop clientele.
That's what I'm saying unless it was part of their deal.
Unless they were on the inside so to speak.
Squirt, squirt that too.
See, so you can talk all you want about what a bad guy I am and I'm a hard-ass and I'm
missing that.
But the fact is that life goes on here.
It's like La La Land.
Don't anybody ask any questions?
Don't make any waves.
Just let all these crooks, which is what they are.
Let all these crooks do whatever they want and the rest of us we have to shake in our
boots that maybe we're going five miles an hour over the speed limit or maybe Ken Jenny's
going to show up in a goddamn swing club or whatever it's going to be.
Sticker who knows in our business.
But in the meantime they're getting away with whatever they want.
Murder included.
Just thought I would mention that.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hello, Matt.
Come me back when your phone works, okay?
Here's a call in Kendall.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Spy report.
We have Pinellas and Perolio making out in the back seat of a car.
Okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
See what I'm saying?
Very sad.
You're people.
They have no material ahead.
They can't talk about no matter what it is you bring up.
They cannot discuss it.
I know they're out there.
They're there.
They be there.
I mean, at least our brothers out there, at least our darkies if we bring up something
that the, you know, that may tickle our fancy a little bit.
We have all kinds of calls from those folks as in vacuassup, only a moment to go.
Vacuass on this.
But the Julio's in this town, I don't know what it is.
I just, we still haven't figured it out what it is.
Other than...
No, it just wears me out.
Here's the mobile in Naples.
Hello?
Hey, Jerky Boy, what up?
Yes, sir.
Let's talk about Hoghunt, but I'm not a big Hoghunt.
It's what my ass needs, press, sucks.
But, let's think about what I'm going to do.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I listen to you and I listen to Pawn Run in the morning.
Pawn Run?
Yeah.
I just want to let you know that the Tru Julios, I can't just call those on the Tru Julios.
The Tru Julios can tell you where they eat.
Yeah.
We eat a lot of Cho Cha.
All right.
Okay.
Okay.
And Dream a lot, too, huh?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
He must know JP, huh?
That was him, wasn't it?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Question for you.
You know what I mean?
You seem to be very sarcastic with your audience.
What does that mean?
Well, you can't seem to be.
I listen to you for how long?
For how many years?
Well, you know, you know, for how many years?
I can't wait for Hank to come on.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
In other words, you have no life between 10 and 10.
That was what you're saying, sir.
You have one life.
You're waiting.
I have the fun.
You're warming the tubes up in your radio to forehank to come on.
You can't turn it off till 2 o'clock and go find something else useful to do.
Or, but you have to all.
Yeah, okay.
That's what he wanted.
That's what he got.
I don't have time to waste with people to give me a saw in it.
He can't wait for Hank to come on.
I can't wait from the command either after talking to assholes like you.
All these people with their excuses, nobody is forcing you to listen and please don't
lie to me and tell me you don't listen every day.
All four hours for God only knows how many years you love it.
You're squeezing yourself right now because I'm responding to your call.
You're squeezing it.
It's the most exciting you'll have in the next two, three months.
I guarantee you that.
Who the hell are you kidding?
You're not fooling me.
Okay.
Like I give a crap with this guy.
Thanks.
I couldn't care less.
The check is the same amount whether you like it.
Don't like it.
You're waiting.
You're not waiting.
You're a lady in waiting.
Whatever you're.
I couldn't care less.
It is of no significance to me.
Here's Pombi, Chilla.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
A couple of things.
I think a lot of people channel surf over channels and check things out for a few minutes
and carry on.
You know.
But anyways.
Do I miss a break or something this hour?
No.
You just pulled the last guy.
How does he know you're on or whatever?
What did I do wrong?
Did I do Charles Alphier?
I think I missed a break.
You missed a break.
Yeah.
Anyway, I think I finally figured out why this town is so bush-league.
Yeah.
Because a loser like you are let to stay on the radio and whine for four hours.
And then lose your mind when you do your-
You keep listening to it.
That's right.
No.
People start to learn.
Don't say no.
Don't say no.
Don't say no.
The end of the fact is that if you weren't listening, you wouldn't be calling me right
now.
You're listening.
You tell me I'm a loser.
We best what my paycheck shows me very clearly compared to whatever you're making an
amount of loser at number one.
And now what is it?
Your paycheck is squat.
I promise you.
My paycheck is on AM radio.
You're on AM radio.
Come on, guy.
You suck.
I suck.
Is that why you listen?
Is that why you listen?
Is that why you listen?
Yeah.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me go.
That is the boss.
You know what?
We can make that up.
Don't give me agreements like that.
I am just that we had a tell me something and look at that.
We had a lot of calls.
I will sarcastic that.
But that's okay.
Your paycheck is squat and you suck.
But thanks for listening to the iss lose.
If you loosen your head, it's probably because Nature is paying you back, all the evil
things you have done.
Oh!
You see right here!
I am the first lottery day!
It's a lottery to show our premium beer.
You've found a red dog.
You've chugged a red wolf.
Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock.
Red cock's foamy head will lead you breathless.
Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat.
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock.
You can shake it and spray it all over.
Remember, you can't beat a red cock.
Just look to the label with the big red pecker on the front.
Minute after one, never did that in my life before.
In 400 years of radio, I actually missed a break.
We'll get it in though. Don't still worry about that.
Because these people would be like,
Dess and their pants if we missed a break.
We'll get it in. We'll just do that cash box thing.
We'll just talk real fast.
This last guy, by the way,
how many is it?
18 or I can just envision now this boiler room that John Henry has set up.
But all these guys, the guys that were in the suits here this morning,
they're sitting around with their phones, calling the show,
keep those calls coming by the way.
Those are some of my favorite calls, some of my favorite assholes.
And by the way, you notice Lord asked Limbaugh,
he ain't making any money either because he's on A.M. radio.
Yeah, your paycheck is negligible.
You're on A.M. radio, man.
With your 10 and 11 shares for the last 20 years, you're on A.M. radio.
Okay, pal. Good luck to you.
I hope John Henry's paying you a lot of money.
567-0560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, I'd like to tell you so many times before,
stop and think about it.
Just stop and think about some asshole out there
that is taking the time to call who's been listening
for God only knows how many years.
God only knows how many hours every day of his life
with all the other options that might be even in a boring place like this.
There must be something going on who is voluntarily listening
but calls to take the time from his very rich full life
to tell me how I suck and I'm this and I'm that in Yadi Yadi,
whatever else he was saying.
I slept.
Here's a mobile in Oakland Park. Hello.
Hey, Nia.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I was wondering, if you're going to make any changes,
you know, the year is coming up and the year.
Do you show?
Like what?
I don't know. It's changed the format.
Of what?
I've just shown maybe half topics now or...
Yeah, we're going to be doing topics during tomorrow.
Really?
Well, I mean, give me a break.
Give me a break with what?
I mean, everything is, I don't mean to knock your shoe
but it's the same old thing.
Go right ahead, pal.
And this is the new, all of a sudden we just switched into this gear
and now that we have in three or four of these guys in the row
and you are already on hold, but now you've decided it's time to rip the glass.
Go ahead, it doesn't bother me.
No, I mean, I like you showing off, but I mean...
But what?
But now that we had these three people in the row on the year knocking my ass,
all of a sudden you discovered that you don't like the show?
I like the show now.
You do like the show.
Then what don't you like about the show?
Like this call maybe?
No.
What don't you like?
No, I said I don't like the show.
Then what I like you to change it a little bit, make it a little bit better.
And by doing what?
I don't know. You're the man.
How about by moving out of the next call sounds good to me.
It can only improve.
Here's Kate Coral.
Hello?
Yeah, hey, Neil, how you doing?
Can't hear you.
Bad phone.
Hello?
Call me back. Call me on a real phone.
5-6, have they discovered those in Kate Coral?
No.
5-6, 7-0, 5-60, 05-5-60 on a AT&T line.
Yeah, I must have said something today.
They're ruffled, somebody's feather somewhere along line because all of a sudden it's like,
oh gee, let's attack Neil now.
Let's attack him.
Go right ahead and bother me.
Couldn't give a crap less.
I find it most amusing as a matter of fact.
I love it.
And by the way, now you know this George has surpassed.
George is better.
He used to be a George.
Are you crazy?
He doesn't belong on here for five minutes.
Are you listening about school now when you're not there?
Are you a moron?
Are you an idiot?
He mumbles.
And now all of a sudden, I gotta head to the next year for George.
Day after his birthday.
And just a few short months.
He's passed me like I was standing still.
Nice going, George.
Yeah.
As Peter or Linda would say, hey, George, have a great day, George.
Have a wonderful day, George.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm old news, man.
You know these people.
I'm like the Dan Marino of radio.
I used to be good.
Now I'm a piece of crap.
Get out old, cunt.
Okay.
Hey, listen, I have no problem with that.
I will continue taking the checks if you want George to do the show every day.
Fine.
I'll just sit over here in the corner.
And I'll make little sounds like.
Yeah.
My dad.
What's wrong?
I have no problem with that.
We'll take a vote.
If the audience wants George everyday.
No problem.
I don't have any ego.
Well, listen to these last several calls.
Let's rip Neil and ass.
That's the idea of entertainment.
I have no problem with that.
So you can't have an ego when you work here.
Here's the lady in Margate who wants to rip me an ass.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I just want to apologize for those ungrateful people.
They are ungrateful.
They don't appreciate you.
I love them.
They give me sexual excitement.
They do.
I'm telling you that if you give them a chance to think about something,
they don't want that opportunity.
Yeah.
They don't want to think about things.
It's just like this last time.
I mean, I used to be really good up until these last four calls.
Not a guy decided that the show needs improvement.
Yeah.
Well, where's his radio show?
I have no idea.
I don't know what time it's on.
You're experts, you know?
You don't have shows like you do.
And nobody has a show like I do.
Luckily for them.
Why can't people have a sense of humor?
No.
And then it's a little bit...
See, the substitution for having something to talk about
or being able to respond to the 50,000 things I bring up every day.
The substitution for that is to attack me.
See?
Because they have no material.
Well, that's not fair.
No, I don't care.
You get an opportunity.
Where else can I have an opportunity to speak out about something?
Not on the street corner somewhere on a soapbox.
They're not going to find it.
And that's why I love your program.
Okay.
Okay.
I don't always agree with you, but I love listening to you.
Most of the times I do.
I'm not going to, you know, despise you because I don't agree with you about one thing.
One thing in particular.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Love you.
Okay, it's that time.
Another break already?
Well, it's my fault.
Okay, I missed one.
We got to keep birds in the other spots.
Seven after one or five sixty WQA.
It's only one, Neil.
Thank God.
And I don't want to be him.
One, two, three.
I made it through college and average to see.
I have a lot of money.
Look, not much of a frame.
Like most of you voters who were just as lame.
But I can say one thing that you came.
My not daddy is an ex-president.
I got money.
Power.
And nothing to lose.
I can do everything I choose.
A little bit of cash is all I need.
The satisfaction I can go and my greed.
Manipulated marketing is all I use.
The garner vote for more arrives just like you.
That is clearly made fun of the last.
I don't think I laughed that bad.
Remember to vote for George Bush.
And those of you who don't, you can kiss my touch.
You see what matters to me about the presidency.
Is that it makes a nice conversation, please?
I'm the king of denial, too.
I have no problem.
I answer you.
So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I did blow.
A little bit of cocaine up my nose.
A little bit of tooth.
A little blow.
When I'm naked, I'll put it in.
And then you all back.
When I put it up the concentration camp.
I'm 13 at 5.60 WQAM.
I can't wait for Hank to come on.
We better talk real fast because we got a lot of spots to get in here.
Thanks to my blender.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Neil, how are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Yes, sir.
In reference to the stadium thing for Mr. Henry.
My daughter is a school teacher.
She's a four grade school teacher.
Yes, sir.
She works out of a portable.
Nice.
And the kids, when they have to do their thing, have to go for a teacher's aid to take them to the restaurant.
And the teacher's aid is involved with some other portable.
When you know, taking a kid to do the thing, you know, the kids doing in this pants is called his mother to bring a new place.
So why are we, what the hell is this guy?
Yeah, when I stayed here for, we need one.
I must be crazy.
I must be not.
Yeah.
It's ridiculous, man.
It's really a terribly apart.
It must be desperate because it's obvious that there are a whole bunch of his henchmen on the phone here that this must be their homework assignment for today.
Let's all just started spontaneously, like all of a sudden about 20 minutes ago.
And there's like one after another here on the line just waiting.
In closing, Henry, go to hell.
Okay, thank you, sir. God bless you.
How do you like that? This guy says no.
How do you like that, John Henry?
With or without Neil Rogers, the answer is still the same.
No.
No.
No.
No way, Jose.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a sunrise.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, I am.
Hey, what's up, man?
How you doing?
Hey, just wanted to let you know, man.
You like to change the thing.
Your program is really great.
Now, I've been told today, all of a sudden today, I lost it.
You know, it was okay until the last couple of days, and I've lost it.
Right.
You're really funny.
You have a sense of humor.
I get some of them need to get one, too.
And what's up with all of them tubers, man?
As soon as you mention the word, who you, even don't want to come down to the station and kill yourself.
No, they don't want to come down.
They just, they just get very defensive and psychotic, and they refuse to be spined to the question.
I asked a very reasonable question.
What are the things that they care about?
What is their life consistent?
What can they talk about?
And instead, all I get is...
Is that, you know?
I see that, man.
Let me tell you a story about that.
The more important things in life, even Mr. Alk, Acro-Bilksett is more important things than Strangers on the Shore.
Yeah.
About 10 years ago, I was in the military.
And during basic training, as soon as we came out, they were cattle trucks.
A bit of an invention, you know what I mean?
I saw how hard they were.
They wanted to break you down.
I decided to shut up and do what I was told.
Uh-huh.
For some reason, because I was quiet, these guys just pulled me out of the whole platoon and called me Julio.
I don't know what that meant.
You know, I had no idea what it meant at that time.
I was going to be like 17.
And it kept calling me Julio.
Or Island Boy.
I didn't say a word, man.
At the end of it, they come up to me to say, can you really speak English Julio?
I said, yeah, man, I could speak English.
Yeah.
Now, I'm not Spanish.
I'm not back.
I'm like East Indian.
I'll mix some people think I'm Filipino.
Some people think I'm different things.
Yeah.
You know, but I didn't take it to heart.
And at the end, I realized that the guys were just, you know, trying to do a job.
Make you better mentally.
That's not the thing that I'm going to do.
It's not the thing that I'm going to do.
You better know what I'm doing.
Yeah.
If there was a Cuban there, man, I can imagine what he did that to that drill.
Sorry.
No.
Okay.
I have a line for that, but it's a family show.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
No time to dittle around.
Okay.
We have a lot of spots to get in.
If you're not quick today, these people are so slow.
You're so slow on the uptake.
I'm the one that's old and feeble.
But these people are so slow.
Ponderous.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
Neil, I was listening to the guy that I spoke before.
And now I understand who you mean.
I'm Q and I was trying to understand what kind of, you know.
But I don't know who you would want to be in the bagway on the gooway.
You know, it's in the bagway.
You know, the bagway in the gooway?
Yeah.
I'm trying to figure out.
You know, because, you know, let's see, it's in the bagway.
You can have a...
That was great.
That was sensationally said we eat a lot of tulleos and we effilod is what he said.
What's wrong with that?
Oh, that was beautiful.
117 at 516 WQM.
He just was funny, Fox.
I listen to you, Rogers, because I can hear the word asshole.
Hello, citizens.
This is Batman.
You know, even though I'm a fictional character, the Y2K problem is real.
In other words, I may be from the comics, but there's nothing funny about Y2K.
So, what can you do, John and Jane, citizen?
Hattick.
That's right.
If you have the time right now, run out into the street and scream your head off like a little girl.
Yelling, why do you care?
Why me?
Who is this kid?
You don't think Batman's coming to your rescue, do you?
Ha!
I can tell you now, suck up on canvas, then withdraw all your cash from the bag and bury it in the backyard.
But, be careful if you have a canine friend, then show your computer.
It'll be about as useful as the bat's signal at noon.
You might as well get some money out of it now so you can buy a generator and lots of gasoline.
But don't store the gas in empty plastic milk containers or some unsuspecting moron like Robin,
like suck it down thinking it's iced tea.
Then you gotta get his stomach pumped by rushing to the emergency room and you don't want to do it in costume
because people tend to laugh at Batman when he's down on the silver screen by being tried.
And they always tease Robin because he's out there and so gay.
But, I digress.
This is Batman.
When it comes to why you gay, don't be a joker.
What's 22 at 5.50 WQM here?
They better not be listening because if they find out that I could squeeze that money spots in the one hour and do it as painless as that.
We'll be doing five breaks an hour, so I can't do it.
Alright, now we're talking.
Here's Miami, hello.
Here.
Yes, sir.
I listen to highway in the morning and I listen to you.
Alright.
You know the problem started when you started putting George on.
You know what it got?
What is it?
Well, your problem started when you started putting George on.
Yeah, that's right.
And when you start putting the sock over the phone is what would happen.
That's one of your boyfriends, by the way.
It's one of those three Julio.
5.60, all my problems started when I started putting George on.
What problems are you talking about?
I thought all of my problems started when I came to work for this company.
Is that when they started?
Yeah, real big time.
5.60, 7.05, 60, 0.5, 60 on the 18th.
Okay, in addition to what George is a lot better than I am, I'll say to that right now.
Any day of the week, even blindfolded with a finger stuck in his own.
Right, come on.
Tell you that, Mr. Smarty Pants, we took a poll.
What are you laughing about?
They are in love with you now, don't you understand?
Then when you go on, they'll be in love with me.
Sure.
Whoever is not at the moment, they love you.
Here's Kate Coral, hello.
Kate Coral.
Well, that must be the same Jack ball we had on before was phoned and worked in, doesn't work now.
Here's a mobile and Palm B, chill out.
Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye.
Don't meet, don't meet, don't meet, don't meet, boy.
Bye, bye, bye, boy, boy.
Don't meet, don't meet, don't meet, don't meet, boy.
Bye, bye, bye, boy.
Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy.
It just isn't here.
Head off, head off.
5.60, 7.05, 60, 0.5, 60 on the 18th.
Here's a mobile and color range, chill out.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
I don't know how to follow that.
Yeah.
that was that was i think eddie i think that's the same mental case here
retard
retard yes let me ask you some uh... questions they wouldn't let me talk to
henry
but i do want your opinion on something yeah
how would it be if henry by the body material stadium for a million bucks
cities broke now anyway
it's ten thousand and i was born the first time okay
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless
one
see people i think that they're very clever and cute and come up with silly
stuff like that i don't have time for silly
now i'm not into silly
here's a mobile in west pond beach hello
yeah deal how i have pretty good sir
i couldn't respond to the couple months ago because i was so employed by the
company but uh... never back in the hurricane you're uh... asking about
companies were still open and things right i worked for a very large electronic
company uh...
uh... retailer
that uh...
that's the disease the arctic with an advertiser on your company but we'll
mention the name okay
but uh... they were open during both uh... hurricane for is it's
certified state and hurricane i'd be
which went right through west pond beach
never close or down for more than an hour and a half
but about that
uh... you know i'm trying to come into the matter what
uh... right now i guess they expected to buy a big screen tv and eighty mile an hour
when
so anyways i couldn't tell you a couple months ago i just quit my job i was
in the last week so uh...
now that he recognized my voice doesn't matter right
exactly
good luck
good work good luck
i think five
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line what are
you listen to it in the morning you want your john a show tomorrow
let's start the later right out there in the table ok i'm a big black and
antelope
you would my meager paycheck i can squeeze by
i'm a dot ring old fool and i know it proud of it
twenty five after one another break already five sixty were actually like
getting ahead of ourselves now i can go home like twenty of now if we do the
three-player cards right
speaking to play in your cards
always
uh... you all
and we'll find out
wanted
brigad
including
 are happened
channel
and you
the
Can't go by the pool without you.
I'll cut the ice to hold them.
Yeah, come on.
Let's go to school again.
Let's bring JD.
Yeah, he let me use a porta pot.
That's a let's down here.
There's a good long life.
Oh, I don't want to see it here.
I don't like it.
I got a big cup of ice.
I don't know.
You some kind of hot rod there.
The Duke's Lufthorpo.
No, Thursdays at 9 on NBC.
140 at 5.50 WDQM.
They were had the thing on the Duke's Sahaz.
They know how they keep bringing back
the Brady bunch and a partridge family.
And everybody was neurotic.
All these ET shows and other investigative reports.
Because they got nothing else to talk about.
It's pretty boring these days.
And so they did one on the Duke's Sahaz
at a couple of days ago, which I really couldn't turn off.
Because they kept showing John Snyder over and over again.
Back when he looked really, really good.
Like about a week ago.
No, seriously, he was living born again.
What does that have to do with anything?
Can't you be born again and still look good?
And probably was getting laid like every five minutes.
I mean, what does that mean?
He's born again now.
Oh, and now he's old.
And I'll be honest with you for how old he is.
You don't look that bad compared to most of those guys
whose eyes are where their back don't used to be.
Yeah.
John Snyder, now we're talking, baby.
That was exactly my favorite show.
The Gilligan's Island expose coming up.
Oh, really?
All kinds of mayhem.
I was at Bob Denver or John Denver.
And aren't they both dead?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Out of town line, 8777856345.
Here's Stuart.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
No, how are you doing, buddy?
OK, Pallee.
Yeah, I really like your show.
Well, that's good.
There's one.
Here's one happy customer.
That's excellent.
Yeah, really.
And I wouldn't tell you.
I used to cut grass.
And I worked with some burrito brothers.
And let me tell you, when that guy says that,
he teaches you ever seen some of the girls
those guys are with?
Yeah.
No good at all.
Yeah.
So Neil.
Well, maybe they just have bad sense of smell.
I might be part of the.
I don't know what it is.
Yeah, I don't know what it is.
But how long you think Marina is going to hold up?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Out of town line is 8777856345.
877785, Neil, any I.O.
You got it?
You got that?
No.
No.
Here's a bokeh.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I've been listening to your show since 1979.
So before Elvis was a baby, huh?
A long time.
You're brilliant, you're a genius.
And now we're going to have a one of happy customers.
That's going to be a little one of unhappy people there, huh?
George is a tremendous backup.
Right.
I think he's a lot better when he comes right down to it.
OK, if I could make free suggestions.
I think he's over the years, I think,
you have leaned more towards cutting the collar out.
Isn't the collar happy your show?
What do you mean cutting the collar out?
You hang up on the collar within five seconds.
No, that's not true at all.
You've been on for like a few seconds already.
Normally most colors.
No, sir.
The collar goes when the collar becomes either abusive or boring
at that point we move on.
We can't afford the luxury of letting people
have thrown on with terminal crap.
If there's one mistake I've made in the past,
it's boring people go on much too long.
I mean way too long.
And I have to trust your ownmanship.
I believe you.
They probably would be your come boring.
You're exactly.
So I have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 0.
See, this isn't like some kind of a contest
to see who could be the most polite.
And just like the crap that they write about the waffen.
Oh, their sports guys don't hang up on people,
and they're not rude.
And guess what?
They have no audience.
They have no audience.
They have a big nothing.
Zero.
They haven't shown one diary.
They've been on here for a full book, a full rating
period.
They have a zero.
A zero.
Morning, noon and night.
They have a zero.
At least they're consistent, but they're very polite.
We're not here to be polite.
We're entertainers.
We're also, if we can inform a little bit,
also if we can do a little bit of journalism
like that horrendous thing with John Henry this morning,
that embarrassment.
But we're here to entertain.
That's what we're here for.
Not to see who could be the most polite,
who can leave people on the longest while they've
thrown on and on.
Oh god, you know what taught me that was that whammy thing?
Because it seemed like they would go out of their way
to take the most boring ponderous calls.
And I would sit there watching myself thinking,
why are you letting this asshole go on so long?
This is the most terminal crap I ever heard in my life,
which certainly didn't belong on TV again then.
I think it was a lot better than that, but nevertheless.
So there's something that came from it,
along with the Afree cash, which there wasn't too much,
but nevertheless.
And I'll be free armoured because I got two.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
It's critiqued in the arrived-to-show day evidently today,
because they got nothing to say about the 8 million things
I talked about, about the box you had got killed,
about the goddamn John Henry de Bockelis
morning on the worst team, about all of these different things
we talked about today.
Nothing, but boy, oh boy, they sure got it.
They got an opinion.
That's great.
Critique away, baby.
You keep this up.
You might actually hear George on here one day this week.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
05, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
A few days ago I was in my car and I heard this really,
really nice heartwarming song, something about flying
without wings.
Right.
And you liked it?
Oh, I love it.
Oh, thank God.
I love you, sweetheart.
Here's the first person I've ever spoken to in 23 years
who I've had to taste.
Well, I got, unfortunately, when I got to the place
I was going to, and I didn't hear any information on who
was that.
But they, um, it's not in America.
That's why you don't know it.
The name of the group is Westlife.
They're a British group.
And they're huge in Europe and all over the rest
of the world everywhere.
But they haven't made it here yet, as usually as big.
I thought it was a backstreet boy.
Oh, no.
I love that.
I would respect to the backstreet boys
whom I like a lot.
These guys are a lot better singers than they are.
Oh, I have to have that CD.
Do you know the name of it?
It's just called Westlife.
It's their first album.
Westlife, their first album.
Right.
Fantastic.
You'll love it.
It's, uh, they've already, this, this is like the third
hit single off it already.
And if American program directors get with it, maybe
uh, someday soon, we'll be hearing it here.
It just melted my heart.
I think I'm going to play it today.
How do you like that?
I like it.
OK.
Thanks for your time.
Bye-bye.
There is, what did I say just the other day?
All these years, finally, it paid off.
All these years, I've brought in different pieces of music,
not the usual crap that you'll hear like on any of the FM
garbage stays in this market.
But stuff that's like unique stuff I hear in Europe,
stuff that's like off the wall, stuff that, whatever.
And you know what the usual response is to it?
Ehh!
Nothing.
Nothing.
And here, you see, this is what I've been trying to tell you,
folks, for years, you have to go through 65,000 calls.
And then you get to somebody like Kurt and I, Grant,
you, maybe that's not the most exciting thing
that ever happened on this show.
But I'm squeezing myself right now.
Because here's a woman who asked me to respond
that if something had happened on this show.
You know, I've played it hoping to get a response.
Other than, oh, that's the worst piece of crap we ever,
oh yeah, we saw it at TV show, it really sucked, you know.
And stuff like that.
That's no, that's an old brainer in this town.
You want to get something negative
or whatever it is you've heard today.
That's easy.
Because these are the most goddamn negative people
on the face of the year.
Just ask Danny Boy, he'll tell you.
We're sorry, Danny Boy.
You know, the stench in the hallway from that John
hindered the buckle this morning.
Evidently, whoever mocked up the semester
didn't do too good of a job.
Wow, it just, uh, it's unbelievable.
Nice going, B-Full.
20, and by the way, the rumor is that it was Ike Seaman's
boyfriend was one of those three colors about 10 after one.
Yeah, that's what I'm hearing.
Didn't you hear that?
Yeah.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Everybody's looking for that something.
One thing to make it all complete.
You find it in the strange place.
The place is near the New York City.
Some find it in the face of that children.
Some find it in the love for the time.
Who can deny the joy of the rain?
When you found that special thing,
you're flying with that rain.
Some find it sharing every morning.
Come in the salt and night.
You find it in the words of others.
The blind can make you laugh.
Oh, right.
You find it in the deepest red shell.
Are you choice?
I will.
You know how my bad things.
You found that special thing.
You're flying with that rain.
In my soul.
Oh, because I miss you, you will die to fight for a courage.
I do too know which one you'll let go, what a face you'll come near.
Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you
? Where are you? Where are you? Where are to go? Are you here? Where are you? Where have you gone? Here I am. Where have you gone? Here I am. Stay clean and it will look better. come forward you stay clean. Give me your instruction, will worth it, I doubt it would cost you. My instruction is a different technique.
And he'll be willing, I'll sign it without way.
And that's the joy you bring of lying without way.
14-0205-60-QM, and there's a great record
no matter what anybody else says.
And if they don't like it, fuck to them, that's too bad.
Here's the 18 facts I've received.
I've seen a four shot in the Netherlands,
the shootings in the school, no life threatening injuries,
by the way.
The 855 facts I've had about this,
which I guess proves the same point
that runs are dangerous no matter where they are.
And not a good idea to be having kids
or anybody else irresponsible, having them in their possession.
Boy, this beef jerky is hot.
Man, he's trying to be hot.
This is just a plane.
This is the plane.
Wow.
566-705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, sir.
I've got no material, but I just call the voice
my support for your show.
Uh-huh.
And for George's show as well,
you're both great talent.
Yes, we are.
And as far as that jerk that you've just called it before
and said, hey, check a squat, you're a loser.
I just wish you'd call you back and tell you
how many quervets he has, please.
Okay, thanks.
You can have how many NSXs you just traded in yesterday
for him or say these.
Okay, thank you, sir.
And don't forget tip to turd.
That's the tip to turd guy, by the way.
Uh-huh.
Oh, this stuff is just scalding sizzling.
You sure John Henry didn't leave this?
566-705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's sweet water.
Hello.
John Henry, tax this.
Okay.
Excellent.
How long do you wait about like a half hour for that?
Here's Miami, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, sir?
Okay.
I was just going to tell you that you're so terrific.
And also, um, just about Miami in general,
we don't deserve you.
We don't deserve damn marino,
we're all over the board.
Right.
That's great.
This town is horrible.
Right.
And thank God that I'm going to New York on Thursday.
Why don't you're ungrateful back to it.
We'll have a great time, man.
I can have one more thing.
Yes, sir.
Because Sean B. had like naked pictures of Bill Lindsay and Greg Reed
because to me, the six-and-a-tans lot should be to the one and only, um, Tim Mandage.
He has naked pictures of Billy Lindsay.
Huh?
Billy Lindsay?
Oh, Lindsay.
Whatever his name is.
Oh, Buffalo Lindsay.
Oh, Buffalo Lindsay.
There you go.
Yeah, Buffalo Lindsay, huh?
Yeah.
Why don't they have a duck?
Why don't they have, uh, like, uh, Tim Mandage in there, which is, uh, for football.
He can't afford to pay a decrease.
He's got a good job.
He does.
Have a great time, pal.
You too, sir.
Mad Dog, he's the man.
Yeah!
He wouldn't have been suckin' John Henry's butt this morning like those three shameless.
Oh, you know, I mean, I realized that it's a tough position and we got the Marlins on the station.
And we're losing our ass on it.
And I'm not saying that they carved a guy and answered their impolite.
That's ridiculous.
But for crying out loud, it's said they were like, uh, suck his toes and to protect him from any call that might be a little bit hostile or, uh, disagreeable.
And it's, it's, uh, I'm consumable.
And I'll say it again, only the sports nerd audience in this station would sit back and tolerate it.
And luckily, we had a few people who were able to get through our niche today since we may have a little tiny crossover there who were calling him bitterly complaining over the fact that they weren't allowed to get on the ear because they didn't like their questions.
How do you like that?
Here's a mobile of color rage.
Hello?
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I, you say this a thousand times and it's still up.
I can't comprehend these people calling me ragged you and they tell you have a piece of direct for.
And they're listening.
They're listening.
I mean, I've tried to instruct a listening audience, which is the majority of the people out there to understand.
I mean, it doesn't take a genius to figure this out.
Nobody, no sane person, listens to something.
And if they after it, and this guy to call before the somebody, we're even Georgia is better in New York.
So he knows when Georgia's on, he knows when I'm on, he can tell when the tapes were online.
Thanksgiving.
Okay, this guy listens every single day.
Now, what kind of a moron, what kind of a misfit, listen to something that's so bad, that's so grotesque and terrible.
This guy must have less than the life.
Who must owe points?
I eat it.
It's like, they're sadist.
They're so stupid.
I got to have it.
I mean, it's like, what they call me.
I can't really put a pal.
The day that I hang up the microphone and I'm gone, all those people like that, they're going to, they won't know what the hell to do.
They won't know their spitter-eating jitters banana.
You're right, they don't know what you, when you were off of the air,
I was jones so bad, it wasn't even funny.
I mean, did they hurt you were coming on?
I, they were spurtin' going on all over the truck.
I didn't even know what to do with myself.
There you go.
I'm glad you're back and don't let me tell them all to go to hell.
Okay.
All right, let me go tell them myself off.
Thank you.
150, 10 before 2 at 560 WDQM.
Critique the near-rider show up until 2 o'clock today.
Take your best shot.
Give us your best rip job, okay?
Rip a good one.
Thank you, baby.
Hi there.
Welcome to Cocko Bell.
Can I take your order?
Well, this is my first time here.
What do you recommend?
Well, sweetie, I would recommend the hard cocko supreme value meal.
It is du-pandus.
Oh, you know what?
Actually, I think I'd prefer a soft one.
Well, you know what, sweetie?
I like them soft sometimes too.
Okay, that's one soft cocko supreme.
One order of four skins and cheese,
and one super-salt-y protein shake.
Your total is 669 at the second window.
Please, go forward.
Here you go, sir.
One soft cocko meal.
And here's your free prize.
Oh, what the heck is this?
A stuffed gerbil?
Well, yes.
See that mascot?
Do you have him seen him?
We'll press his butt.
He'll talk to you.
I see you, guys.
Bye-bye.
Thanks for coming to Cocko Bell.
Have a good day.
Hope to see you again soon.
Bye-bye.
156 at 560 WQM.
We got Hank.
Thank God.
That cool city at 2.
Most are at 6 and we got that you went basketball game 7 o'clock.
And that ends just 9 o'clock.
No.
And little...
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I had this pleasure of having to listen a little bit to that morning, a suck festival.
And it was truly pathetic in the way it was quarter-graphed.
It might as well have been Phil Henry instead of John Henry there.
I wasn't very crazy.
I must be nuts.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, it's terrible.
As far as you're sure, Neil, I think it's a tribute to yourself and to George.
You've been able to maintain the core of your greatness, integral, despite these two garbage sports shows you're voting at your edges.
Really?
Yes.
Okay.
Good idea.
I'll pass it along.
Okay, there you go.
Hank.
Loose some weight and cut the garbage.
And the morning guys too.
Well, the guy before said the Hank was too fat for radio or something like that.
Everybody's a critic out there today.
They got no material.
As soon as I out this audience and tell you that they're out of material and believe me, they ran out a long time ago.
All of a sudden they're all critics.
You're no good.
You're only on AEM.
You don't make any money.
You're a piece of crap.
You're washed up.
And you all suck down there.
You all suck.
Well, he may have a point on that, not all.
Yeah, that crowd we had in this morning, a bunch of plastic, spastic assholes, man.
What a gathering.
And instead of having afforditude instead of having a little bit of a BB and get tossing them just anything.
Anything that would have made some sense.
Oh yeah, what is doing a real good job here?
Doing a real good job?
Answer, take it to calls, take it to call.
The heavily screen calls.
Once again, we go into this embarrassment factor.
Why have anybody on there?
Okay?
Why the hell am I just sitting around a three of them doing their usual thing and dealing with each other?
And the fake argument and stroking each other?
Why why bring anybody in there who's just going to toss some softballs?
Like a guy named Wini Rose.
Who's going to bring the marshmallows?
Probably B-Foot.
Well, I'm choking on that.
I'm telling you, John Henry's people left at Jerky.
Here's Sunrise. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was just up to the door and I'm, I tell you, I wasn't in the holiday spirit until I just finished watching the Rockford files.
Yeah, and Rick Sanchez comes on, giving children presents with four US decorated Marines behind him, saluting him.
And I tell you, I, I feel like, hey, there it is.
Yeah, there you go.
I mean, four and I didn't run any of them over, did he?
I'm a veteran and I looked at some of the medals and I think some were of high prestigious medal of honors.
Yeah.
And I'll tell you, if you really want to have a great laugh, try to find that commercial.
It'll be on to the rest of the season, but five US Marines.
So Rick Sanchez, give it.
Okay, that's what you just said.
Thank you.
Can you just say that already?
The guy that says I'm too sure what it calls.
He told us the first time there wasn't like, Sintilladium Redis guy was in prison.
