4 3 2 5 60 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil called 5 6 7 0 5 60 toll free for date and rarer or pound 5 60 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil his guests callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM behind the ring acquisition or a local broadcast group.
Now Neil Rogers on sports radio 5 60 QAM.
It's Friday you first.
She talks to me dirty clothes in my ear but I can't get hot.
I try to solve the remedies and helpful hands even put my innocent.
The grand fit my neck says it's called a three and my joy song.
I can't get a boner but I'm not alone.
I use my mouth to score.
Oh my doctor tells me that he's got a pill for only seven but that'll get me.
Are you sure?
No more hands to fly.
Maybe I'll see your face the next time that we...
Now if I have a grudge I never go limp.
I always can perform.
I walk around the town with the permanent friends.
Cause I lost that rash on my chin with my hard penis down in between a sexy is not a chore.
Give me your number and I'll leave a number.
Don't even have to score.
Alright.
You know that there's a morning show that crappy boring old and tired.
Yes.
Ron and Ron just really blow.
I'm not shot in temple they got fired.
Yes.
Ron and Ron to just reach higher.
Yes.
Ron and Ron to just reach higher.
Yes.
Rather listen to juxtapher.
My uh.
Every day the show was the same.
New stories of the AP wire.
The calls of tape the music blame.
And I'm sure in no time they'll expire.
Ron and Ron to just reach higher.
Ron and Ron to just reach higher.
Rather listen to juxtapher.
My uh.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Ron and Ron to just reach higher.
Rather listen to juxtapher.
My uh.
Yeah.
You know that there's a lot of people who are not shot in temple.
Ron and Ron to just reach higher.
Oh.
Ron and Ron to just reach higher.
Rather listen to juxtapher.
Rather listen to juxtapher.
My uh.
Oh okay.
Rather listen to juxtapher.
My uh.
Rather listen to juxtapher.
My uh.
Oh.
Did you go to the meeting?
No.
It's actually my rule.
I won't.
That's the rule for me.
You're in radio?
I don't want to talk to you.
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to know you.
You're in the business.
I don't want to know you.
I lose my temper.
Now how do you really feel?
The business has been meaning to you over the years.
You haven't taken enough out of it.
The business has been so cool to me.
I thank you.
And now I can go away and peace very, very, very soon.
Goodbye.
Maybe we just signed off.
No, no, no, no.
Just me, just me signing off.
How's the crib?
How's it down south crib?
Nice?
Yes, great.
It's great.
Love the hood?
Um, you know, I'm just trying to get in.
You know, my wife is here in these rooms with you.
Even why did we buy a new house?
I don't know, honey.
She didn't tell me until after we already put the mortgage down.
I told you before the mortgage.
You know, friends.
Yes, I did.
I remember talking to you about this.
You never talked to me.
I heard from someone else.
I know.
I talked to you in the middle of November.
We all sat down in the middle of November.
And you in the middle of a deal.
You didn't do the deal and you didn't do another deal.
You told me that.
I just said I didn't, man.
You told me that you told me that in November, man.
You did.
We never talked in November.
We did talk in November.
We sat in a hotel room in November and talked.
What hotel room?
That hotel lobby.
And then we went up to the room in Tampa.
That hotel room.
Remember, we had lunch and then we went up to the room.
By that time, I already had my place.
No, by that time, you didn't have your place.
I didn't talk to you.
I talked to the people that you had told me.
No, we all talked.
We all sat up there and talked together.
We did.
We had a meeting.
We all sat down, talked.
And then you and I and two other individuals from the company sat down and had a meeting in the hotel room.
And that's how I went down.
That's what happened.
And that was before Thanksgiving.
And here we are January 6th.
Are we going to have a conversation or what?
No.
Should I walk away now?
You're going to do whatever you want to do, man.
I have done whatever I want to do.
But should I walk away now?
Would it be easier?
I don't want to make this thing difficult.
No, there are things all about you anyway.
It's not all about me.
It's about the show continuing.
It's not all about me.
It's not all about me.
It's about I'm moving on.
And we're making this an easy transition.
Oh, let's make it then.
We are not going to ask me about how everything's going.
I asked you about the crib.
I'm going on.
I'm going on.
Okay, I asked you about the crib.
That's all.
It's great, man.
I'll just leave now.
If it's easier that way, I will.
It's not easier that way.
Well, then why are you saying what you're doing?
I'm not doing anything.
Let's go on.
Let's ask like everything's happening.
Let's ask like exactly what I was doing.
And then you took your headphones off and didn't want to talk to you.
Don't play.
I'm not playing.
I'm not playing at all, man.
I'm being totally honest with you.
And it happened.
Yeah.
What do you mean, yeah?
I'm glad.
I'm glad everything's going down the way it's going down.
It's all happy to me.
It's all happy to me.
I know it.
It's time for me to move on.
That's all.
All right.
So let's change the subject.
I didn't bring it up, man.
I didn't have the conversation with you.
I wasn't able to do anything with you.
We just stopped talking to you.
What are you doing?
We just stopped talking to you.
Just a little hint.
Well, we got a new show starting in the mornings here on QAM on Monday, April 19.
I don't want to, you know, I can't let the cat out of the bag.
Because I don't want to do that to anybody.
But that was just a little bit of a hint.
Anybody got any ideas who's going to be starting here in the mornings?
6 to 10 a.m.
Monday, 3 Friday, starting Monday, April 19.
How many guesses will it take, did they?
Another little slow.
He has rights. This is my lover.
You won't drive an import. You won't swear it in the movies.
Too many songs at the beach.
Everyone except Greg, it should have been in the beach.
Father in law, I like driving big cars.
And your hazy, hitting music, it has a good chart.
Father in law, there'll be eye in the creek.
But I ain't clippin' coupons every day of the week.
I've got something like you, don't notice the dark track.
And I don't drink hot coffee when I eat a big man.
Your daughter's my wife, I will not destroy her.
You're just gonna have to get over it. She's a very lawyer.
15 to 560 WQM Happy Friday to end.
You noticed by the way, the interesting, I was wondering about the timing of that run and run business.
I mean, we got along with MLK before, you know, over at the Paxon, the Burley of her song,
and they'll be over in that other room anyway.
Only that phase. And it's Tommy Kramer coming back to.
Oh, thank God. Maybe he started doing drugs now.
All the drugs he missed out to in the 60s and 70s.
Maybe he's gonna start now. At least he ought to.
He realized he's only 36.
But yeah, right.
At any rate. And he's like the juicy man, you know, J. Cortex,
to go out with a juicy there and the infomercial, he's only 2070 just to have a rough life.
You'd recall that juice, you'd look just like him.
So speaking of the juice, they're starting on the 19th because you know what's on the 17th, don't you?
Even you would know Saturday, April 17th, all day long, it's the NFL draft. Right.
So they figured they can get that crap off the way and pacify the sports nerds.
And then the 19th, we can start like, you know, evolving into like a real radio station.
Since they've seen that narrow, narrow number that just never, ever grows.
It kind of like contracts and expands, but only like very minimally.
Because it's got nowhere to go.
Because thank God there's only a limited number of no-life's out there in radio land, even in this town.
Who just, you know, I hear this stuff about the NFL draft and they, oh God, it's a week from tomorrow.
Oh boy. Oh my God.
Wow.
And last night, oh, let me tell you about my aborted trip to Poppano Park last night, by the way.
Second year in a row, because I'm a schmuck, because my Alzheimer's is kicking in heavy duty.
You know, I want to say this, Carol Hauke and David, what's that guy's name up there?
Hauro show.
Between the two of you and anybody else that works up there in pubic relations, publicity,
she facts is me, waste our facts paper with all this useless crap that nobody's interested in, that I can't possibly use on the air.
But when it comes to something that I might, especially in their commercials, they're paying for commercials on a show for years.
Since my friend Alan Fickleson died, there isn't anybody in that place that knows anything about promotion or publicity or disseminating any information.
It's like this place. Everything's got to be a big secret.
So last Thursday, fat rich is a sick. We don't go to the track. He calls me up. He's sick.
Okay. See you next Thursday. Click. That's it.
Now, I realized that the dining room is closed last night. I'm actually not the other day.
But we're going out of the fourth floor. We sit in that very uncomfortable box there on the fourth floor, with our TV, with a summer casting, the live racing.
I drive up there last night. I get there about a quarter to six. And I look around at that.
It looks awfully quiet here.
Awfully quiet, even more quiet than usual. I mean, you go to any track in this town, and they're all real quiet these days.
So I go in there, go up on the fourth floor, and then I go out. It's real quiet. Finster. I mean, it's like deadly.
And I go in, I see a couple of the employees there eating in the dining room on the fourth floor, and I go in, a couple of my pizons.
And I say, oh gee, I thought for a minute the place was closed. And we're talking for a minute, and then all of a sudden my friend, Carol, not Carol, how could the other Carol says to me, oh yeah, well, you know, there's no live racing tonight.
Who is that in the doorway with the door? But our good friend, Zoltan. Okay. I thought for a minute it was Gary Sarner. Glad to see his Zoltan.
For Gary, get him out. We already saw him once. That's for this month. Over your quota, Gary. But anyway, so many, so many, how long story short, there's no live racing on Thursdays. Did anybody tell me?
No. And you see for yourself right here, George can witness here's the schedule for April. Does it say anything about the reduced schedule of racing nights? No, no.
So I'm sitting there now thinking, well, the fanman's not going to come up here without the live racing, because I would prefer just to sit there with a simulcasting in that Hazel Park in Detroit. That's where I make a few bucks, but in the Detroit racing.
And I'm sitting there and waiting and waiting. Of course, I realize that there's not a time and chance in hell that he's not he's not going to come up there only for the simulcasting because then he can't check the workouts.
Oh, the seven horse worked out great. And the fourth race. Bapapapapah, the two horse broke. You know, I can't do that. So I mean, he's not going to come up for that. So I sit there. I wait about 20 minutes. I finally realized and there's nobody there. I mean, it's a separate my good friend Ron Bash, who'd be there if there was a race on the moon. He'd be there, you know, on the phone plunging his brains out. But there's nobody there. So I get in the car and I go home and there's a message on my answering machine, which was kind of appropriate because the message, the message said, come on. You'll get to
it. Reach there. You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother. Yeah, that's what it said. That was the fat man saying, oh, he was going to be a little bit late. So we called the track and guess what they told him no live racing the night. So we turned around with home. And what a shame that I'm probably already on the way to the track. And I wasted my guess in my time, etc. So anyway, getting the car to go home from this supportive wasted time trip to Pompano Park, since they don't want to tell us what the schedule is up there. And I'm driving home. I'm listening to the station, of course, being his loyal and the desperate. There's nothing else to listen to anyway. And I'm listening to the radio. And I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I
listen to big fat booster. How are you just asking George, how do they get Bug and Josh freedom up here on the turd floor on the same at the same time man? Who it's a good thing it's after hours not ce
we're safely out of the building, so I elbow is going on and they're drilling on about whatever and Josh int
drops in. They're talking about the dreaded NFL draft. I'm gonna say this, you have to be d
If you're obsessed with the NFL draft and we got a lot of daft people out there crazy no lives
I mean no life whatsoever. So Josh of course, so we don't and you know all you got to do is get to two three hundred pounds of food
Curl up on a sofa
Hook up your colostomy bag and you never have to move all day
He admits right there any or proudly that he sits and watches every minute
They had the ESPN I guess covers it for six hours if they covered it for 26 hours in one day
He'd be there shoveling the food down his fat smelly poised watching the NFL draft
Yeah, it's you know this isn't just for him. This is for those of you out there the sports nerds
Who are so obsessed first of all?
Why does anybody care who's drafting it unless it's your team that you're concerned about which that could take about you know
30 seconds to see who your team is drafting if you really makes that much difference to you
But if that's the if that's the beginning in the end if that's how much life you've got then
We'll give you a doctor jack's number in a few minutes. Okay. He's still on the outside
He hasn't been sentenced yet. So you've got a few days to get a hold of Dr. Jack. Cool for Claudia, Missouri
Oh, we're having an NFL jack party all right come on
I'm not a jack party. I mean this this to me is so set
This is the time of the year when it epitomizes the tragic tragic no-life mentality of the sports nerds
I was telling George before to show this one there you know different categories of nerds
They're like the computer nerds like this jackass the one at the start of the Melissa virus all over the world
Whose lawyer now says oh the virus is art not terror. It's art right
The 30-year-old computer programmer who originally by the way was a a Broward County resident but now lives in
Aberdeen, New Jersey everything bad in the world stems from Jersey. I'm telling you that every bad smell
starts in Jersey and
As attorney says oh, yeah, it's you know
Art it wasn't the terror. He's just having a good time computer nerd
Overgrown infant just like the people out there with their NFL draft overgrown infants infantile juvenile back to that
Crap again. Oh, there's a 10-year-old kid with a great arm. You know out in Aberdeen, Kansas. There you go
I feel sorry for us that the planet has to be that you know all these starving people from Kosovo all these ethnic
Albanians or whatever you want to call them people that are being slaughtered driven out of their homes both of the above
All the misery and the poverty and the desperation they stupidity in the world all
The people just clamoring for just a little bit of space a little bit of fresh air reading room and we have to take up room
That could be taken up by you know reasonably decent people with sports nerds who are worried about the FN NFL draft
You know we had to contend with us on the other stage needed out wasn't a sports station
It was your doffin station back in IOD
So we had to contend with that and of course they were like obsessive but not as obsessive as here
Because here everything runs around you know Greg reads sports ego mr. Sports
Which is why we've mortgage the entire operation away to Wayne and the John Henry so that mr. Sports can be a real sports
mogul a real sports maggot
Nobody is a maggot
So there you go the NFL draft on the 17th Ron and Ron start on the 19th will sweep that away
We'll get that out of your system and then we'll start sweeping away some of those sports nerds just like we've done here very successfully between 10 and 2
If nothing else even with these big numbers and all the revenue we brought in here in the last 15 months
We have driven away a lot of the sports nerds a lot of those jackasses a lot of those no-life and we brought this really intellectual audience to this station Q.A.M
George yes
Neil reaches a lot of people yes, I read the paper that they said are you are you gonna be listening to the NFL draft?
No, excellent
Anyway, sweetie. Yes, they said Ty a yellow ribbon around the tree until the three men
Right the three American the students
Yeah, yeah, please Ty a yellow Ty yellow ribbon around your what?
Train what if you don't have a tree I had all my trees chopped down my
What all of them yeah
There will be a lot of what's the matter with you?
Malaluka trees
Did right you did right you were killing me with the allergies you think I should have trees up there
So I can get sick just so I can tie a ribbon around it. Yeah, how about if we just hang Tony Orlando from a tree?
That's okay with me
I lost my husband in the in the war in which war
Second in the second
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, I feel you know we do something right to remember them. Yeah, okay
I want to meet you remember them. They're not dead. I don't mean no
I don't know what they gonna do with them. Yeah, oh, by the way
Would you call channel 10 until Dwight lottery?
The country is called is pronounced Cypress and not Cypress. Oh, yeah, what a jackass. He is in me
I can't stand him since he shaved off the must a you remember when
Samson got the haircut he lost his brain something with Dwight Lutter
Yeah, and
And right now he lost his
Yeah, yeah, yeah, anyway, George try to ask him if he would announce that it would be nice
Okay
Families of the people of the people that are well, you know he's so obsessed with this other stupid stuff
And I'll try to give him to do it. You know he's such a hard-ass, you know
Oh, yeah, he is he's impossible. He's a real jackass. All right, okay
Have a great have a great weekend, sweetheart. Happy circus to by the way. Thank you never too early to say happy
Okay
By the way, Ty yellow ribbon around your
Okay, this weekend before you go to the movie drive-in to try to procreate if you see that stuff
They're all trying to make the Y2K babies. I'll get to that. We got a lot of stuff today take a couple of calls
Oh
Oh
Yeah
My
Dress is mixing wet when I see you
Oh
Big
For my mouth
I want it mercenary and a top of you and take it out my overcame
Welcome
Okay, okay
Oh
I
Want
To
And
And
I'll give it a
Well
Here's a morning
And
Big
And
At least until you take up
I want to wrap my
Surround your clothing to and make your wonder where the
Floor with
Sports
That's
A miracle
And it's on circus
Or
G-R-E-T-D-I-O-H-N-O-O
I want a straight car ball
G-R-E-T-D-I-O-N-O-H
All by the way speaking of Anna Moria
1032-560-W-2-M
Sorry good friend little Tommy Dennerberg
I guess we should play that, shouldn't we?
He is still
The world's biggest asshole
Tom Dennerberg
Tom Dennerberg
Beautiful, nice to meet you
Thank you, you're welcome
So anyway, little time Dennerberg where I saw the honky game one game last week
I forget which one because they've all been the same way they've all stuck
And we had a long chat and try to have a chat between all that music that noise
Blurring in the macarena
So anyway we have a little spy report about a little Tommy D over to our
Clear channel
Tommy was driving into a work yesterday
Now was this like I guess in the middle of the day or like
I think in the middle of the day
A little of the day coming in from one of his tough sales calls
And then who is this young lady that you're telling me about with a very large
Boobs in the shapely ass
Jennifer
And a pretty fake
Not our Jennifer but some of the Jennifer
Another Jennifer
A lovely Jennifer, a beautiful, real smoldering hot Jennifer
Probably very scatly
A clever worker, a fellow employee
A coworker, a queer channel
Okay, to try to keep the morale up
So Tommy D being a course always having an eye for the ladies that look really really human
He became enchanted, obsessed with Jennifer
Obsessed to the point where he kind of like
Wasn't paying attention to where he was going
Well you've all done that, haven't we all
So our good friend Henry, what's Henry's last name?
Cassada
Henry Cassada, who's a good guy by the way he wants a punch fat boy in the post
I wonder if he's related to Isabelle the Cassada
So anyway, Henry had his car smashed up by Tommy D
To make a long story short
I mean really, really, bashed and smashed
They are hypnotic
I mean she is hypnotic
Oh you know Jennifer?
Oh sure, she's a good friend
Yeah
Which is a good friend?
Not as good as I'd like her to be
Yeah, how old is Jennifer about?
15
Little 14
How old is Jennifer?
I know
My age a little younger maybe
Your age?
Maybe a little younger
Nobody's your age, not down here
So there's the time that I've ever sparked report for you boys and girls
Ron and Ron, Monday, April 19
Let's hear from all those Ron and Ron people
They really missed those guys
Anybody remember them?
No
Huh?
I was guys coming too?
Tommy Kramer?
No
Who else was on that show?
I guess we'll have to hire Matt Max to engineer it
Yes
A parody guy
Oh the song parody guy, he'll be the gym, wasn't that his name?
What, now what are you looking?
I'm supposed to be the old guy, his name was Jim
Hi
This is Jim
No, not that Jim
He's not coming back
He still is, huh?
No, it was Jim
All right, I'm telling you it was Jim
He's here to leave me, it was Jim
So the song parody guy's coming back
Ron and Ron and the guy
Look at the phone is smoldering with excitement
Ron and Ron radio network, hello
See what I mean?
Ron and Ron network, hello
Hello?
Yes sir, WQAM
Yes, I'd like to speak to Neil, please
Speaking
Neil?
Yes
Oh my goodness
This thing called a one-of-a-one
I'm so grateful
I'm picking people up cold today, then
Today and yesterday we're doing something a little different today
Mix it up for the audience, they like it
That's great, I didn't agree
You wouldn't believe how happy I am to hear your voice
Because I turned on the radio a little after 10 a.m.
And I hear Ron and Ron
Well that was just a preview, they're starting a week from Monday and the morning
Oh my god
You hate them?
Oh, it's like
You're at least you know who they are, I don't think anybody else in the audience knows who they are, what they're in for yet
Oh my god
Just folks, whoever's out there listening, who in office, and as they come on
Really, is that bad?
Oh my goodness
I mean, I personally never listened to their show when I worked with them, you know, over at Paxen?
I just, there's no words, no words
Neil Rodgers, ah, yeah
That's it
Neil, the reason I called you this morning is because my daughter was watching Jennie
Now, no, let me be before you go out of that, have you tied a yellow ribbon around a tree in your yard yet?
I tied the yellow ribbon around the thing and everything else
Good, okay
I was watching the watch when my daughter was watching Jennie Jones this morning
I believe I have another name for you to add to your list of ludicrous Afro-American names
Apparently, this girl's mother went into labor
Maliki?
No, she must have been in the Harris-Ray aisle of a beauty supply store, she named her kid Aquanetta
Oh, I like that
Isn't that something?
Uh-huh
I guess it could have been worse if she were at the bakery, she might have called her Focaccia
She could always join at the aqua, you know, the music group
Huh?
That's something
I like another dark Barbie doll, okay, thanks for the good news
Thank you
Say hi to Netta
How you'd be doing aqua?
How you doing, Luisha?
How you doing, Kishon?
Yeah, but of course this sports nerds, like I said, they go along with this crap
They could have names that were like three vowels, just a big vowel movement
Well, you know, whatever, it would say it
Like that premiere raju from China yesterday, that du guy from China
Oh, that's what we're looking for today is Jewish Chinese
Here's a question for you, we know that there's a very, very good effect on that yesterday
Are there black Chinese?
I don't know, you can't be black in Chinese, you can be black in Jewish
Like they fallashes
But black is a race and Chinese is a race am I correct?
So how can you be black in Chinese?
What if you're black and you were born in China?
What the hell were you doing over there?
Do you get lost?
Do you get lost on the way to the watermelon stand?
I mean, what is that, huh?
What?
Oh, seriously, how can there be, now what if there's obviously interracial marriages?
There are black guys married to Chinese women, there's black women married to Chinese guys
Aren't there?
No
I bet there are
Because boy, you talk about two groups of people that really know how to multiply
The Chinese have their advocates and the blacks who got their f***ing, they know how to put them together and multiply like rabbits
Woo!
Billion little Chinese can't all be Wong, you know what they used to say?
They can't all be Wong, that's why some of them are just named Lee
Yeah, what kind of a trend like Henry Lee?
They were all, and by the way, in the category of redundancy, like we don't really know anymore, but let's keep making a big deal out of it since there's nothing else going on ever lately
Besides butchering all those people in Yugoslavia, 48 hours last night, you see that?
A solid hour on John Panay again.
I saw the whole thing, I saw the whole thing too.
And what did they say?
And absolutely, positively, nothing.
Nothing at the end, Dan Radder comes on to it with a straight face, which I love Dan Radder by the way, he's great.
But he comes on to it with a straight face, and he says, either they're getting away with murder or they're being smeared and slandered and it's a terrible thing.
Yeah, and we'll see you next week.
I'm 48 hours.
Oh, they said nothing!
Kind of like that asshole Lauren Schiller, that real fed book, he wrote about a 450 page book and said nothing.
You know what he said?
Yeah!
Yeah!
And what do they say on 40 hours last night about John Panay?
Yeah!
Did we learn anything new?
No.
Anything old?
No.
Nothing!
But I tie the yellow ribbon around my TV set, just an honor of John Panay.
Fuck!
Dirty to me!
Just it right back in his mouth, good job.
Take a big volume or two.
All right.
Ever since he was on Dobie, somehow you always knew
that he was a great big smoking man.
His hits were strong and true.
Without a lot of gun-jaw, he wouldn't know what to do.
He wouldn't know what to do.
But as I say, started getting rough, his tiny buzz was tossed.
If not for the courageily ill male man, his baggage wouldn't be lost.
His baggage would be lost.
And then the police came knocking just as killing him again to smile.
The downkill again, a bag of weed, a little croquet and a pie, a water bomb.
And at some foot in in jail, all on Gilligan's trial.
10.45 at 5.60 WDQAM.
So that's our poll question today, by the way.
Which of the following categories, which of these people are the most desperate and need mental
and psychiatric assistance immediately?
People who watch auto racing, people who watch golf on television, or people obsessed with the NFL draft.
Huh?
You think there might be some crossover there?
Huh?
That's a tough one.
I would hate to be put on a spot to try to come up with an answer for that.
Speaking of assholes, by the way.
Very jackass, that little pudgy faced pudwacker who still lives with mommy, I'm sure.
Right to another anxious a column in a heraldous morning gun.
Do I love that word?
He's anxious to call it a heraldous anxious.
And in the middle of all this, Drek.
Well, first of all, let's go to the later part.
Under tidbits.
Bits of crap that Barry has pulled out of his...
Drek, don't know.
...or somewhere along with those seeds.
WQAM says it's decided against rehabbing Warnchville Marty for its Marlon Cullen pregame show.
Don Brennan.
Donnie B. will be the show's primary host.
Which we say, all right.
Half hour show.
There is nobody listening to it, okay?
Six to six thirty before the Marlon pregame show.
And they actually, seri-ed by the way, Warnchville Marty is going to whanny.
Yeah.
And Cory's pretty upset about it.
He was telling me this morning.
He was in here bonding with me.
And he said the Warnchville Marty got to, he was looking for that guy.
Now would you want to hire a smart kid like Cory Sabin and put him on there?
Who actually looks good enough to be on the year on camera?
Or you want to hire some, you know, F. Jock?
What do you think I was going to say?
Warnchville Marty.
Some Shvone named Marty.
By the way, anybody know I Shvone named Marty?
I never met one.
So Donnie B is going to be doing it here because number one, he works sheep.
And number two, he's at least articular can speak the language.
He may not have the best voice in the world to say the very least.
But, you know, he's a good guy.
He never stole a freight train.
He needs, you know, we need to work our own people in there.
Instead of bringing all these dumb silly ex-Jock's in here,
that they were going to pay 80 grand a year to do a 30 minute show before the pregame
that nobody listens to.
So thank God there's some good news for a change.
Just said to Warnchville.
Here's some bizarre.
I mean this is just, you know, they're a good friend Dave Halberstam.
That Michael Mayo still hasn't apologized to.
That Michael Mayo, that Dave Halberstam.
Hardaway last one.
That one.
He hit it.
Oh, he hit it.
Oh, he hit it.
He's in pain.
I don't mean that was a three.
I mean that was from the moon.
From the moon from his restaurant.
About three blocks from here.
So Barry Jackass writes this morning.
Ex-heated announcer Dave Halberstam makes references to Marlon's announcer Joe Angel
and Pantheos Radio Voice Chris Moron in his book Sports on New York Radio,
a play by play by Frank Lee.
You better be sitting down folks.
This will make you cry.
I love Dave Halberstam.
He's a good guy.
But, and of course it's all taken out of context because he, Barry Jackass,
he'll kiss anybody's ass who will even speak to him.
He will.
He calls Greg Reed at home.
In fact, Barry Jackass is the only person in this market who gets returned phone calls from Greg Reed.
When he leaves a message.
And that's, and no, you're laughing.
That's the truth.
He's the only person that Greg Reed will return a phone call is Barry Jackass.
Because they have a lot of comedy, both know nothing.
Anyway, Halberstam notes that Joe Angel style clashed terribly with John Sterling.
And by the way, John Sterling is an abyssen.
John Sterling is a cymbalton.
In fact, John Sterling, I think, really qualifies legitimately for a rubber room.
He is pathetic.
But at any rate, clashed terribly with John Sterling's daughter in the year they teamed together
in Yankee broadcasts in 1991.
The two hardly spoke.
And when Angel left New York, he would mimic Sterling unflatteringly.
Nice going, Joe.
Oh!
Halberstam praises Angel's quick wit storytelling and understated play by play.
Now wait until you get to this.
He doesn't mention, of course, that Joe Ripsoff, John Miller wants to be John Miller Jr.
And Joe could be a hell of a lot better if he'd stopped doing that crap with the stage.
But you know, we like Joe.
Who is no Dave O'Brien, by the way, which there's a story about him above.
But we'll get to that.
Now wait until you hear this.
Halberstam gives moron credit.
This is Christina Moron for breaking in a woman analyst, Sherry Ross, during his four years
on the New Jersey Devil's broadcast, which fails to mention the fact he got canned before he came here
from those New Jersey Devil's et cetera.
While Moron was criticized for a non-radio, non-descriptive style, he knew hockey
and would make bold comments that other play-by-play people would be afraid to make Halberstam rights.
Bold comments like, yeah, like that, like, p**tty.
Yeah.
But when it came to the game, describing it, Moron would not tell you anything.
His non-radio, non-descriptive style.
Sound familiar to all of us?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Like, what's the score?
Where's the puck?
Who's the schmuck with the puck?
What's going on out there instead of all this crap that you're f**k?
Yeah, like doing it yet.
You...
Moron!
Moron, incidentally, is still weighing an offer to do talk and play-by-play for ESPN radio.
He'll not make an decision, I'll have to return to the panthers to life for the regular season, and very, very soon.
What a moron!
God!
So Dave Halberstam, you know Dave's just a nice guy.
I guess he wanted to be flattering to everybody.
But talk a book called Sports on New York Radio, a play-by-play history that would even include Christina Moron.
That's kind of sad.
So no wonder Michael Mayer won't apologize.
Maybe know something we don't.
And remember when Dave sent us over those little make-believe-gush or home-intention?
So we'd like you, Dave, you're a great guy, but you got to work to do.
WDQAM, Ron and Ron Radio.
What was that?
What was that?
Maddickone, Maddickone, Maddickone, Maddickone, Maddickone, Maddickone.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM.
Yeah, like it's Hock and Neal.
Speaking.
Neal, hey, I remember Ron and Ron.
Yeah.
God, they think like...
They think like poison.
What do they ever talk about?
It's not like Josh Friedman?
Yeah, exactly.
Wow, that's it.
All they ever talk about is drugs and smoking and...
Yeah.
...worrying stuff.
Worrying stuff.
And then they're cranky voice.
I don't know which one it is.
One of them has this whiny voice.
Yeah, that's Ron.
Let's run.
V.S. is one of the Hollywood...
That's the shorter one or something?
Ron, what's the other one's name?
Beddington.
Oh, I see. I forgot.
Ron Bayon.
Oh, God. They stink.
All right, just call the tell you that I know them.
And I'm dreading the day they start back on.
It's the Ron and Ron radio network.
You have to make your puke, isn't it?
Oh, it is.
Wonderful.
Okay, thanks.
I'd like to call friend of mine a douchebag.
Yes, sir.
Wimbrily. Wimbrily is a douchebag.
Okay.
Bye.
Wimbrily.
Is that like kind of Kimberly?
Or maybe to Moesha?
So, evidently, the Ron and Ron thing ain't going over too big so far.
Who else can we put on there in the morning?
You said them.
That's our poll question.
I mean, Phil Henry and coming back.
Are you sure positive?
So, who can we put on there in the morning to boost those numbers that are killing us and costing the rest of us a lot of bonus money?
Bob and Tom.
Now we're talking.
Leave it to George.
Come up with an answer.
I mean, West Palm is not the same market.
You can't even hear that station indeed.
Bob and Tom.
Love Bob and Tom.
They talk sports.
Not to any one thing.
They kick Howard's ass sideways and upside down.
They do more funny stuff in five minutes than he does in five years without all the hype and the bull crap in the long hair.
Love Bob and Tom.
Now we're talking heavy duty, man.
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah, Neil bring back the Whitney Indian.
The Whitney, well, that's the guy.
The Whitney Indian and the Atotompoor, Ron Diaz, who says that he never met a softer man in his life than me and that's before he even squeezed it.
W-Q-A-M.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
I was wrong about Yager yesterday.
He didn't have a grown injury.
He didn't have a grown injury?
No.
We got two idiotic calls here yesterday saying he was out for the season and then we got the facts from the Pittsburgh Penguins website.
Said he was not playing last night's game, which he did not and boy, are they pathetic without him, by the way.
Let me explain it to you.
Yes.
I got up from good sources, but him and Constantine are in a big, big feud right now.
I know, I sure if he would love me, finish I could have told you that.
But anyway, go ahead.
Go ahead.
Now go ahead.
Okay, anyway, two things.
First off,
which one would all the spots this are?
That's the first thing.
What's the what?
All the spots.
We don't have any more spots than we any easily, dude.
We have a lot of spots.
It's all spots radio.
Okay, listen to that.
Don't be knocking the spots as long as you're a lot of spots.
I mean, my pet might be good this time.
Go ahead.
Neil, second off, I think you're both shouting us on this run run.
Of course I am.
I make up stuff all the time on that.
It's just that we're trying to find somebody that we can put in there.
Well, George just had a good idea.
What about Bob and Tom?
Tom, where's Bob?
No, sure, but what about Bob and Tom?
You don't know them, huh?
Do them.
Yeah, what's Tom?
I'm in what's Tom right now.
Oh, they're great.
I asked them in closing.
Well, what about Bob and Tom?
You like him?
They're tremendous.
See, there you go.
They're starting to wait for him on the meal.
Yeah.
He'll listen to me.
He'll listen to me.
In fact, you know what we could do?
We could just put the radio over.
Get a good radio in here that I'm listening.
Okay, listen.
Now, I'll be trying to get on them draft nerds.
Don't forget.
You're the one that was sitting at an empty racetrack last night.
Have a good day now.
Okay, thank you.
What does that mean?
So I'm a nerd for going to the track because I didn't know.
See, unless somebody tells you what the schedule is,
and you've been going every Thursday for months and months,
you really have no way of knowing.
So I admit, I'm a schmuck for not finding out,
because I made the same mistake last year.
Only last year was on a Monday, and I walked in there,
and their whole place was dark.
See, this is a guy who wants to defend.
He must be an NFL draftnik.
He's obsessed with it.
If you're obsessed with the NFL draft,
what it says to me is that one of two things,
either you're looking for another excuse to get drunk,
like on the 4th of July, go to another draft party,
which is fine, and drink all the draft you can,
or you're just so obsessed with the silly stuff,
when he's guys running around in the tight pants.
I mean, what differences does it make
for the San Diego Chargers to be on Saturday, the 17th?
Does anybody care in this part of the,
of course not, not if they got a brain?
Who cares?
Who cares who the Baltimore Ravens are going to be,
of course not.
You got to be Raven Lunatic to care about that.
Even in Baltimore, they don't care.
They're waiting for Castro to come up there.
They like him, boy.
They love him.
Don't they kind of like fit together,
by the way, like a glove on your thing?
The Castro in Baltimore.
It's a good match.
Kind of smarmy.
Why do you ask him?
Why, you kid?
The Millennium Bug.
It's approaching faster, ever faster.
And until now, there was nothing you could do about it.
That's right.
I said, until now.
They call it now.
There's the all new.
Why two camearts?
Clean up on Kyle 5.
That's right.
Why two camearts?
It's where you can shop like there's no tomorrow.
Because there probably won't be.
Security.
God's an apple.
You see, at why two camearts, we're there to help you get ready
for all the unpleasantness you're going to face
when civilization collapses on New Year's Day.
You'll find all the canned goods you need.
This provides months without audit at a deposit of an ATM.
You'll find an entire department full of crappy video tapes
no one in their right mind would watch until they don't have a choice.
Tested why two camearts shoppers, the plastic school light,
and the gun department is a police car.
And to protect you, your family and your staff.
Take advantage of a why two camearts block blow up.
Best of all, you get all the usual amenities of camearts.
Like checkout lines, so long you'll think you're in Russia.
And store employees so helpful, you'll start looking for the warden.
Why two camearts is coming.
Why two camearts is already here.
Why?
Exactly.
It's 11.01 at 5.60 WDQM.
So our poll question is, who's the most pathetic?
People that watch auto racing, sorry Joe, don't forget Joe Costello
in a big auto racing show tomorrow morning, six o'clock here on QAM.
People watch auto racing, people watch golf on TV
or people who are obsessed with the NFL draft.
You have to be daft to be obsessed with a draft.
You have to be sick, have no life, and be a real low grade, low run.
And we'll have hours and hours and days and weeks.
I mean, closer we get to the 17th of the week tomorrow, you can almost smell it.
You can feel it.
You feel like you're suffocating in it.
Oh, it's the draft.
Yeah, and what?
And a bunch of illiterate dumb jokes that are going to be drafted by you, you know,
and paid millions and millions of dollars to run fast and jump high
and do whatever else they're doing in between jail sentences.
Is that what it's all about?
Not even a mention to any Martin, by the way, he's still got his day in court.
And then we'll see.
Breeders Cup at Drive-In starts local Y2K baby race speaking of Y2K.
Y2K?
Huh?
That's right.
Of course, this is Zeta 4, by the way.
All over the country, various radio stations and desperate ones like Zeta 4 here in town
are doing a Breeders Cup as in your cup run-up over
Squirt Squirt competition at the Swap Shop Drive-In and Flea Market on sunrise Boulevard.
Like they really need more publicity, right?
That's right.
The couple who's baby arrives the closest after mid-19th December 31st will win $5,000 cash
rate for your scholarship at a state college offered by a Swap Shop owner pressed in hand.
It was probably got like little hidden cameras peeking into all those cars and vans
that are rocking around over there, rocking around the clock.
Careful, I you say that at the Swap Shop Drive-In.
This is just astonishing.
Like that they have a contest.
They're screwing their brains out.
I mean, they're doing it rapidly over and over again.
Just non-stop.
Praying to be the first ones to procreate.
Which of course is just what we need.
Because what kind of people basically nowadays?
I mean, in the old days, they're able to go into Drive-In movie theaters.
But what kind of people go now?
And especially, what kind of people go to the Swap Shop?
I don't want to say trailer trash.
I don't want to say that.
Remember those are most we used to do there?
Mmm, mmm.
So I'll say trailer trash.
Just what we need is something to encourage trailer trash to be reproducing like rabbits.
So that Jerry Springer and all our shows can stay on for a long time.
Isn't that lovely, huh?
And they're giving them promotional banners and stuff to put on the outside of their vehicles.
So people can't see what's going on the inside, you know?
Who's hanging ten?
Here's the best story of the day, by the way.
Before we get back to our assault on the NFL Draftniks.
Ticket over language dismissed by Judge.
Yonkers, New York.
This is a local story, although it very well could be.
Yonkers, New York.
How's Bullet Bob Meyer doing, by the way?
Anybody know who that is?
No.
No.
You know who that is?
No.
The voice of Yonkers Raceway for the last 100 years, Bullet Bob Meyer?
Errory Race he's ever called.
He's okay, he's accurate.
But Errory Race he's ever called.
Sounds exactly the same.
Exactly the same.
He's like a human automaton, like a machine, like a computerized voice.
Although at least he's not an asshole like Ross Morton.
But anyway, a Cuban-born trucker who was issued a traffic ticket for being unable to speak English
has wanted us quite to have it dismissed.
Rojillo Compos.
62, I guess you call him Roj, for short.
He was driving a dump truck filled with broken cement when he was stopped July 16th and said it for not displaying the company name on his truck
for not producing a car for proving that it was fit to drive the vehicle and being unable to speak it in English.
This is in Yonkers, New York, and he was Cuban.
Calm down, Emmy.
Emmy shape is all.
It was a Cuban.
Yonkers City Court Judge Richard Leibowitz, that's the, I don't sound too Cuban to me.
I would you rule this week that because Campos was not engaged in interstate commerce, the federal language requirement for commercial haulers did not apply, the other two citations are still pending.
Who was that?
I don't know.
Another wrong door.
We got more people.
I mean, we have an unmarked door out there.
More people like peeking their head in there.
Maybe they think it's the bathroom.
Maybe they can smell it.
Well, that's because Josh was in here the other day.
Federal law requires the drivers be able to converse with the public understanding with traffic signs, respond to official questions and fill out reports and records.
The judge did not address Campos claim that the law discriminated against those who did not speak English.
The trucker took his driving test in Espanol.
Oi!
How do you like that, huh?
He took his drivers test in Espanol.
Maybe it was me who scared us.
Exactly.
Huh?
There ought to be a law.
There ought to be a god damn law.
It's a lashinga, moneragua.
Yeah, that's the problem, man.
It's a great ending, but we still have to get rid of that wording in the statutes.
A US representative Jose Serrano, a Bronx Democrat who supported Campos.
Sounds probably like Puerto Rican no doubt in the Bronx.
That's where they got them all jammed in.
They got all those Puerto Rican jammed in there in the Bronx.
They got their sparsas jammed in the Harlem.
They got the Puerto Rican jammed in the Bronx.
The Jews jammed into Brooklyn, including those Hacidom that are throwing bricks through their neighbors.
Yeah, they are.
They're knocking their neighbors' mousses off the doorframe with bricks.
Your friends of Hacidom.
Always a matter of fact, by the way, it's Friday.
So before Sunday, I'll be sure and tear up your toilet paper.
Now today, now that Yisk is over, maybe we'll actually have one or two Orthodox Jews calling to verify again.
Although we had verification yesterday, you didn't want to believe me.
That's a true story.
That because that's considered work, tearing up the toilet paper,
the all-for-orthodox Jews, they tear up the paper into like sections before sundown every Friday.
And they hopefully have enough for the way up because they're so full of it, you tear up a lot for the entire weekend.
I mean, at least for the entire Tula sundown tomorrow.
Can you bathe and use a towel?
Do you ever see a Hacidom that ever bathe?
No.
So what kind of a question is that?
In fact, that's our poor question.
Who's bathe most recently?
Josh Friedman or George's accountant, David?
We can't you see them bathing together.
Well, I never smelt them.
Okay, nor do I want them.
I don't want to smelt them, huh?
He's just orthodox.
He doesn't wear that.
He is ultra-orthodox.
He doesn't wear that.
He is rotten.
He's crazier than a bedbug.
He's loony-tony, baby.
He's squeezing her right now and is to fill him too.
He's wrapping it.
He does really great work.
He's a Jewish rapper is what he is.
I don't care what great work he does, okay?
He is certifiable.
He needs to be put away somewhere before it's too late,
before he does damage to himself.
Jack Kavorki, who's helping people die that are like suffering
and miserable, they want to stick his ass in jail.
But your accountant, they're letting him run around on the loose,
wrapping the cutting off people's circulation.
They should only do that to the herald.
Mumsir, anti-semites over there at the herald.
If you want to cut off somebody's circulation,
go down to the herald, okay?
And quit the pocking around with those stupid straps
with that SNM exercise that even alcohol stains embarrassed by.
Nine minutes after we're done, see the Tuesdays and Wednesdays?
Everything, those little beanies that you guys stole,
invented SNM?
I'll tell you where the SNM taught at O Park.
That's right, I went up there last night and it was mostly on the inside.
And exercised in massacism because there was nothing going on.
And about an hour and a half, but I knew that nobody was going to show up for that.
So I got in my car, go home.
But here's the schedule since I tore it out of the program
that I had to pay the $2 for myself last night since it was a disaster.
This portion of our show was brought to you by Boo Blue.
A little video on each city and we're talking of 40 double D.
And they all knew Palm Ball.
Because love and loneliness go hand in hand.
Remember Palm Ball.
Now back to our show.
This is Blunder to spell with Don El.
I've been Don El Jackson and today we're going to spell the word I.
Spell it with me now.
I.E.Y.E.E.
Now let's use it in a sentence.
I'm so glad I still got me a job.
This is Blunder to spell with Don El.
Yes, and I've been Don El Jackson.
It's one 14 at 560 WKWFB.
That's the whole show in studio and the last two to the 6th today.
We got talking baseball with Don E.B.
And not Orange from already 6 o'clock.
630 to Marlon pregame.
Seven o'clock we got the Marlins and the Phillies.
Any interest in that at all?
No.
And then that doesn't turn you on.
We got on Wax E790.
The Panthers and the Sabers in Buffalo.
Any interest in that?
No.
Huh?
No.
WDQA in.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was up at Daytona Beach back from February and there's giant billboards with two babies
and diapers.
And it's called, it says Ronin says, born again.
They're on a classic rock station up in Daytona Beach.
They do a morning show.
Ronin and Fezner.
Which Ron is that?
Bennington?
The one that was left over.
Bennington.
Yeah.
The squeaky boys thought.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
And then of course that says creature.
Uh huh.
But um, was that gal that did the national anthem the other night at the Bruins?
Was she the one who called you?
No.
Oh, I'm glad you mentioned that.
I wanted to give her a tip of the old hat.
That's great.
She was great.
She is great.
Beth Cohen, you're the best sweetheart.
Oi!
Yes, sir.
Leave it to those Jewish Shire singers, man.
She is the best.
Yes.
I put in my vote right now.
Beth Cohen from National Anthem, every game.
I say she's the far and away the best.
Included.
That was the best thing the Panthers put on the ice at night.
That's for the Amshire.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
She's got a nose for hockey, but she is great.
Beth Cohen, nice going, sweetheart.
I apologize to that other young lady to call you over there.
I'm sure you'll never be singing it again, not there.
Because Beth Cohen, boy, she is dynamite.
Goodbye, Erin Bergel.
Goodbye, Erin Bergel.
I can hear that song going right now.
Huh?
Can't you hear a book of Brian doing goodbye, Erin Bergel?
Because you're okay, Erin.
But boy, she's great.
Beth Cohen.
She belted that thing out.
She didn't waste any time with it, but she had like a little style.
A little pizzazz.
Give it a little personalized.
You know, it was great.
Nice going, airbeth.
Ow!
We're doing screen lists today.
By the way, if we're going too fast for you,
do you think we have any people here at South Florida?
Or driving around town who can't speak English?
Yeah, mine.
Huh?
Of course, see down here.
They didn't take their drivers test in some foreign language.
They just didn't take one.
So that, you know, we don't have to worry about that complication.
They just didn't take no drivers test.
Because why should you want to complicate things?
Then you have to worry about getting a license.
Then you've got to get insurance.
Then you've got to register your car.
You know, we can't be bothered with those things here.
Can we?
Of course not.
That's not the South Florida, Evan and Way.
Get off that banana boat.
Get a beat up old brown Toyota Corolla.
And go out there and kick ass.
Or better yet, get a job driving one of those mini buses in the day-county.
Ow!
There you go.
And drive up on the road.
Or yeah, or maybe like you're a hundred years old
and you can't see over the steering wheel.
And you're creating drive-throughs all over town
and places that never had a drive-through before.
You're having drive-through restaurants.
Didn't have no drive-throughs.
Drive-through banks.
They never had no drive-throughs.
Drive-through longrees.
Drive-through pet shops.
Ow!
Yeah.
Only place in the world where every day people are driving through buildings.
Wow!
I didn't see it.
I didn't see the building there.
I can't give a...
Like that picture in the fight.
In that holy field fight.
You know, she had a little problem scoring the fight
because she couldn't see too well.
Wow. You know, that's a good point.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
I hear the grease man is looking for a spot.
Yeah, uh-huh.
That's a big, good place for him.
Come on in DM.
Okay.
Put him on EDR.
Yeah, we're searching for a morning show here for this station.
I mean, there are certain people out of our mentioned names
that came to me this morning before the show
and they said,
put some feelers out there.
See who your audience likes.
Because we look at these numbers here in the morning on this show.
I mean, they're good guys, you know, but boy, oh boy.
Even D-Fo is reading books in the middle of that show.
Now it's getting so boring.
Do you hear that?
Little dog was getting pissed off this morning.
D-Fo is reading books in the middle of that show.
That's how terminal it's getting now.
It's either the show or maybe those callers
are putting him to sleep with that NFL draft garbage.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, did anybody mention to you that Fabian?
But what, yeah, that's old news.
You remember the adductive guy?
Yeah, I know. It's kind of old.
Yeah, he got goose at the amusement park.
Hey, so it's the old Ron and Ron, the original.
The guy that left to go bodybuilder went in.
Ron Diaz and Ron Bennington.
They're going to be there in the morning?
No.
I just made that up.
Oh, you did.
Hey, who would you like to hear in the morning?
In the station.
I'd rather hear them in the worst game,
unless when it's false, and when it's football season.
You'd rather hear Ron and Ron?
Yeah.
Okay.
Definitely.
Hey, can I get a request?
Sure.
Either Star Wars Cantina or the Barry Manelow.
His name's Barry.
He seems like a fairy.
Okay.
All right, buddy.
Have a great weekend.
Bye.
I had to go get the disc.
Yeah.
This one's right here.
It seems you saw Rick White Friday, baby.
Oh, my God.
Oh, it's a lot of cool.
I only have a little something to find my foot.
Her name was Leon.
She was a princess.
With the Danish on each ear,
and our baby's drawing here, so I do this too.
Some men can know me.
Over one.
He'd have to put the death of land into the rebellion's hands,
so you can hold me one.
Have to get to all the Ron.
So they stopped into more sightly
to have a drink with pods at the Star Wars.
Star Wars Cantina.
So where the creatures you've ever seen are.
He has the Star Wars.
Star Wars Cantina.
Music and laughter then all.
And I'm after that the Star Wars.
We'll have to.
That's all.
His name was so long.
He was a pilot.
With the laughter at his side.
And the smiles will pop that glass there with two box-guys.
He was a wolf-team.
Then there was Luke and Obi-Wan.
About the Millennium for gun docking bay 94.
Don't troopers, that's the store.
With the flash of Ben's light table.
So there they are.
On the floor.
Star Wars.
Star Wars Cantina.
So where the creatures you've ever seen are.
He has the Star Wars.
Star Wars Cantina.
Music and laughter then all.
And I'm after that the Star Wars.
Ron.
I still stay for.
It will never find.
The more wretched I am, the stronger I'm still a Ben.
The cautious.
His name was Yoda.
He was a muffin.
He was.
Darth Vader was so bad.
And by the way, he's Luke's dad.
And his kid's dissonance.
His dad got killed.
And that gots it far far away.
Luke is not allowed today.
But that was so mean.
Jobba had bad hygiene.
Why didn't they all just relax back on time to lean at the Star Wars.
So what can't he know?
So where the creatures you've ever seen are.
He has the Star Wars.
Star Wars Cantina.
Music and laughter then all.
And I'm after that the Star Wars.
The first question is what's it?
All of it.
Okay.
So there's one more.
That's a nice long bit to a three minute excellent.
1122 at 560 WQAM.
567 0560.
Pound 560 on the 18 and T line.
George is not answering the phones today because we're busy ordering lunch right now.
Okay.
So we're doing screenings again, which went over sensationally yesterday by the way.
I mentioned in passing.
I just mentioned in passing.
Father Perinoia.
So anybody else see 48 hours last night.
Anybody learn anything from that show?
Other than that it was a great way to kill 60 minutes and keep rehashing the same.
You know it's interesting because at the end when Dan Rather was doing that thing kind of like Bill Curtis does on A&E.
And kind of pontificating the arrow giving us a little lecture you know.
And about the tabloids and how this great.
And they're what were they doing any different.
They were doing the same thing.
They were exploiting somebody else's misery, which is what television does best.
And rehashing the same old crap.
And like he pointed out there's thousands of little kids get murdered in this country every year.
Nobody ever hears a damn thing about them.
But John Vanne, we're obsessed with that.
So in case you haven't heard all this stuff before, which we know you have, here's another hour of it.
And then we'll tell you how terrible it is that everybody's talking about it.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
God, how are you?
Okay.
Yeah, a question about that thing at Swash.
Obviously, one of those people think they're going to do with them babies if they go with the contest.
Troman and dumpster.
A little shaken baby syndrome.
Swash him down the toilet.
Oh, unbelievable.
Get an Annie in for the weekend.
Yeah, the picture in the sunset and they'll pretty much summed it up.
Did you see that in the front of the local section?
Yeah, I got it.
Couple of light trash there, drinking some beer and just getting laid.
Yeah.
There you go.
There it is, man.
I like that big gigantic exercise that you're a vacillant too.
That was impressive to me.
Unbelievable.
In fact, when you drive into the Swash shop now when you're this coming weekend since it's only two tomorrow the 10th,
when you drive in they got like, they're handing out vats of vacillant.
What won't somebody in this community do for something free?
There you go.
If from the sugar, if the restaurant, the silverware, and the point is they can sell the good money.
But listen, they go back to your original question though, since I mean they can probably get more than five grand for the baby.
If they don't win the contest.
Hey, there you go.
A lot of baby mills, they can probably get 7,500, 8,000.
Maybe they can auction the baby off.
Bob Barker had it right, man.
Baby Nooter.
Okay.
That's right.
Spay in Nooter your neighbors before it's too late.
That's what Bob Barker always says.
Let the animals reproduce.
But spay in Nooter your God damn neighbors, especially if you live in a trailer park.
We ever get any calls not too many from people in trailer parks because they have to go bar somebody's phone.
Huh?
Oh, they have phones in trailer parks.
I didn't know that.
In mobile homes.
Wow.
Well, they have to climb that pole.
Yeah, that's right.
They have to hop up on it and the pole too.
What if one of them come from trailer trash?
I bet you there's some fine upstanding people living in trailer parks in America.
No.
Yeah, there's got to be one or two that aren't just busy at school and their brains out and getting drunk.
And walking around smelling real bad all day.
Huh?
I mean, you know, of course taking a shower.
I did live in a trailer once when I worked in Albee, Michigan very briefly by the way.
Wasn't even a double wide.
Yeah, I lived in a trailer with Dick Green.
I never talked about him.
Did I?
Dick Green.
Dick was his first name.
Not a second name.
I'll talk about him in a little while, I think.
He sure looked good.
I'll tell you that when he was working in the mornings on WALM and Albee, Michigan.
I was about to start working with the same guess what did you hear that you missed that?
You will never see I made up my mind.
You will never ever meet the light of day again on this video show.
Your voice will never puncture the eardrums of the people in this audience again.
Ever, ever, never.
In addition to which let me make it very clear to you right now.
You are uninvited to ever call this video show.
And if you ever do call again, we will trace the number.
We will make sure that we report you to the bell south and that you'll be right in there lumped in with those people who annoy and harass and always wind up getting their phone yanked out or having the crops come to the door knocking on the door.
Our good friend in Hollywood will never, ever, ever be on the or again on this show.
Because you really do seriously need help.
Very, very serious health.
So, covering yourself accordingly.
You and your boyfriend up there in Marbury is.
Get push, pay back the money.
I don't want to move.
Sorry, he's a wonderful boy.
Yeah.
I've been asked a lot of times.
This friend, she said, Game R, the hair, the fans, won't be tinnitus.
But they find out he makes it difficult.
Words, words.
Why can't I raise the weight?
I'm down the board and I'm going to say.
Go on and in, go on and in.
Go on and in, go on and in.
Baby, with, yeah.
Even though the race track laps you can't even do that.
That's the biggest fan club.
Hey, it sucks just like a Uber.
If fans don't support, guys, I think fans.
If people say they like to have a crazy happy, open-minded,
they're supposed to have a way to prevent them from fans.
But when we see someone, when we find out he makes it difficult,
one betrays the way a number for you.
Yeah.
Jordan.
Who?
Jordan.
Yeah.
No, that's not true.
No.
Please do that.
Be with us now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was born in England, by the way.
Yeah, that's a life, you know.
It's 11.33 at 5.60 WQ.
And by the way, we're going to be sending the nephew out today.
Yeah, we've got free passes for the cock fights in Westland.
We're going to be giving out noon tomorrow.
5.670560, 0560 on the, is that where they hold them?
5.670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're looking for people who live in trailers today.
Let's hear from some trailer park people who are resent that whole stereotype,
that ugly but very accurate stereotype of trailer trash.
You think we're going to hear from anybody in trailer park?
No.
I don't even know if we have any.
WQAM.
Okay.
WQAM.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I got a question for you.
Yes.
You live in a trailer park?
No, sir.
I tell you.
Do you know what the largest sporting event, as far as people going to that event in the trailer?
Auto racing.
Yes, you're auto racing.
Okay.
Do you know what the most popular flavor of ice cream is?
Ben and Jerry.
No, not brand flavor.
I don't even need ice cream.
No, but I'm telling you, vanilla.
That's...
I didn't even know that.
Yeah.
I got a question for you.
The question is sure, because something is tremendously popular doesn't make it... doesn't validate it, you know.
Okay, okay.
I mean, you know, I understand what you're saying, and of course I did have the correct answer to that, I know.
You did?
Yes, I did.
Where are that?
I'm not one of those people who jump on the bad wagon just because a lot of people go to watch hoping for an accident for a crash.
Because there's a lot of rubber neckers on the highway too.
Most of the vehicles out there are rubber neckers.
That's another question.
Yes, sir.
If they built a 500,000-seat arena for hockey, how many times do you think they'd fill it up?
How would you see anything?
Well, I understand that.
That's a good point.
How many people see anything like Indy, for example?
How many people would you see?
Well, I've been to Indy and I'll never go back.
Oh, okay.
For that reason, let me ask you this.
When people go to the Kentucky Derby, okay, and they go to Louisville, Kentucky, and they sit there in the infield, you know, they're their blankets, and they make a day out of it.
Right.
And they're in the infield.
How much do they really see of the race itself?
Well, but you mean by the time race time comes?
Yeah, how much do they see?
How many of them?
Because they're forgetting about football players.
They are, but I'm just saying, how much could they really see from where they are?
Not much, especially on the infield.
Right.
Okay.
That's my point.
What is the point?
The point being that none of them, not football, not baseball, not basketball, not hockey, not even in their final game or final, you know, the Super Bowl, the Stanley Cup Final.
Right.
Couldn't fill an arena like that.
Right. Thank God.
So you're making excuses.
No, I'm not making excuses.
Why in the world would you want to be in a place where the half a million in the Olympics?
Why?
Well, what is the point?
Let me say it again, because most people like vanilla ice cream, that's by far the way the biggest seller, does that make it good?
It must be the easiest to make or something.
No.
It's the most popular flavor.
It's the most popular flavor.
No, it's not.
It's just the most popular flavor.
You're in denial.
Oh, no, no.
I don't deny that.
That's the most popular flavor.
I believe you on that.
Now, even though you're not an ice cream eater, wouldn't you think that if you were going to have a delicious big bowl of ice cream, you'd have something a little more tasteful in vanilla ice cream?
I would.
Yeah.
I mean, when I go to the ice cream store, something like that with my daughter, she doesn't order vanilla ice cream.
What does she get?
It's the one with nuts and marshmallows and all that in it.
Rocky Rose.
Yeah.
All right.
At least your daughter's got good taste.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
Yeah.
Somebody in this family's got good taste.
Oh!
The daughter.
That's the way it always is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 50, pound, 5.
No, seriously.
I mean, auto racing, I know.
In fact, Joe Costello just admitted to me.
And of course, he's got that auto racing show tomorrow and every Saturday morning, 6 to 7 a.m., here on QAM.
I mean, he's a good guy, but he's got bad taste in some cases.
But at any rate, no, seriously, he just got crappy taste when it comes to auto racing.
But he's not a watcher.
But he admitted, no, he's a participant.
He, that's different.
He races.
But he admitted to me that when they went out a couple days ago in the QAM van and were given away freebies, they gave away some heat tickets.
No problem.
They took them.
They gave away panther tickets, Marlon tickets, no problem.
They had takers.
They had 90, what do you say, 94 pair of tickets for that auto race this weekend down at Homestead?
They came back with 88.
88 tickets.
Or whatever it was.
They gave away 6, 6 pair.
I wonder if they would have had tubs and tubs of an ice cream to give away, and if they would have had tubs of fish food or heavenly hash.
Or a rocky road.
Boy, I do like rocky road.
Boy, I wish I could eat ice cream again, you know, which I can't do, no more.
Not, not for years.
I can think about it.
Something to look forward to.
Especially if my doctor ever gets me on another blood pressure medication off at HCT, which I will demand when I go there on Monday.
I should have been off of that for days now.
You know what I'm saying?
Didn't he come on and tell us there are so many other drugs that I could be taking for blood?
They're a million of them, which don't have those, which don't do all of these things.
Like even the stomach cramps and all those problems and making it impossible to lose weight like diuretics do.
But I can wait till Monday.
I'll continue being sick over the weekend.
Even up there at May, and oh, I almost said May police guard the fear can at the center at the hangar.
Watching the Leafs batter the hell out of a patchwork panther team that everybody is injured on.
Everybody's injured.
But I must be getting the best medical carry on.
Oh!
It's Friday, you bastard.
Clean up, clean up the brown thing in your underwear.
Clean up, clean up, put on another hair.
Clean up, clean up the comstings right here on your seat.
Clean up, clean up whenever you need to meet me.
Clean up, clean up, try some things, you should work the best.
Clean up, clean up whenever you have to.
Do it.
16 to 0 at 5, 60 WQM.
The hangover show it to a clock.
We got Marlin's baseball and I don't even be talking baseball.
6 to 6, 30 Marlin's in affiliates.
7 o'clock, any interest?
No.
And on FM on PM on Nowaxi.
We got the panther's at Buffalo.
Lose the sabers tonight.
A battered bruised, barely recognizable panther squad
with virtually nobody on it.
D-Color 9 right now in the QM contest line, 1-800-227-05-60.
And you can register when a trip to South Florida night on the Lachio with David Letterman.
Travel in New York City with the QAMCBS 4 winners.
Expo-Expenses paid spelled EXPENCES.
All expenses paid.
The first team draws the winners Monday morning.
You got that?
So, Call the QM contest line.
No, Call us.
Call the QM contest line.
Sam is answering the phone and asking why he's such a, you know, whatever.
1-800-227-05-60.
And you might win a trip to New York to be on Letterman on South Florida night.
Okay, there you go.
Take care of that.
I was thinking during whatever's been going on here during that break.
I always say that the wrong people have money, which is true.
You know what else?
The wrong people are skinny.
In other words, the wrong people don't have diabetes, don't have a weight problem, don't have a metabolism problem.
Because the people who don't ever gain any weight, they have crappy taste anyway, most of them.
They're the ones eating them in the ice cream.
Those of us who have magnificent taste, who love rocky road and fish food,
and they're really good, delicious stuff, were fat.
And you know something, if we never, that's an interesting point.
If we never would have tried the good stuff, if we only would have eaten vanilla ice cream,
maybe we wouldn't have gotten fat in the first place.
That's an interesting point.
I mean, if we would have only been eating cube steak all our lives, you know?
You know people eat like cube steak?
I'm not talking cube steak.
I know some of those.
I'm talking cube with a sea cube steak.
Do you know how like an astute or just no people you never had a cube steak?
Yeah, it's real stringy.
Like, do you ever have liver that's real stringy, you know?
Ooh, they need, they have they need.
Oscar Vainy, he drives with pomp in the park, not very well, once in a while.
Seriously, I mean people actually eat that crap.
It's like people that go to those, remember Duff's Morgan's board?
Huh?
No, not bluff, not bluff, not the Pussy galore.
Duff's, no, it used to be right in the corner of pines and poms.
Right where the old, the QA used to be.
In that little strip shopping center in the corner, there was a Duff's.
I can really rip them out because they're long since out of business, I'm sure.
Everything in there tasted the same.
You know, a smorgasbord for people with no teeth because it's in Hollywood.
So the pasta would taste the same and the cube steak would be the same and the corn would taste the same.
Everything on it would like mush.
It tasted the same.
You could gum it.
And then all the clients will die.
Maybe from eating too much of that food and that was the end of that.
WQAM.
WQAM, hello.
Yes sir.
I want to ask Neil who eats tube steaks.
Forget about cube steaks.
You're eating what?
You're eating tube steaks?
WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil.
How are you doing sir?
All right, I hope you don't get upset with me.
But get a little upset already.
What?
I'm not going to get upset about what I get upset about.
You know, sometimes the cars can get you in such a way.
So it's a radio show sir.
I'm not the least upset.
I'm always in a great mood to see when the manager comes in.
Okay.
Well, I know the mark of a true free thinker is one who goes against the grain of what everybody else thinks.
No, I don't do that.
I deal with each individual thing as you know with all of these things.
On the individual murder.
I'm just not trying to be you know, Mr. Outer Lion all the time.
Mr. I can't explain.
I didn't mean it that way.
I meant that when the mass is more...
The masses are asses, yes.
And you're thinking you have the right and a free thinker will always question what everybody else is already believing.
And then that's great.
That's the way...
Meaning what?
You've talked about auto racing now?
No, I'm not talking about auto racing, but...
Oh, thank God.
But I don't think that people who like or into auto racing have bad taste.
You always say they have bad taste.
Oh, sure they do.
You're the day you say we're talking about...
People are in the vanilla.
Let's forget about that.
Let's deal with the vanilla.
No ice cream.
Okay.
I don't like...
I would rather...
I'm boring.
I like just plain chocolate and strawberry.
Sorry.
All right, but when you get Neopold and okay, that's got chocolate, strawberry and vanilla.
Right.
What do you eat first?
The chocolate and the strawberry.
Right.
And sometimes that even needs a vanilla, right?
Right, but...
But the vanilla...
Why? Why is that?
Because there's no flavor.
Because the...
Right.
Like my old friend Bill Carter used to say, delicious but no taste.
That's vanilla ice cream.
It has no taste.
It's like eating cardboard.
It's like eating matsu.
It has no taste.
If you put butter and salt on it, it's like vanilla ice cream.
Like I've said before, vanilla is in a company kind of ice cream.
Exactly.
On people like cherry with an ice cream.
Right.
It's like taking a very bad...
Like a cube steak.
You could take that Peter Luger steak sauce and put it on a cube steak.
You could put it on your thumb and just lick it off and it's delicious.
Peter Luger steak sauce.
You ever have that?
Peter Luger, no.
Oh, the best.
I've got to try it.
Oh man.
You could put that on a piece of halavada with taste fantastic.
But vanilla ice cream has no taste.
All right.
But the kind of...
The analogy I'm looking at is like for...
I'm a big wine drinker, right?
I like Cabernet Salon.
Yeah.
That's not everybody's taste.
They like white sif and dough.
I don't say they have bad taste because they like a fruity...
You know, light taste and wine.
I like the fruity in your wine.
Yeah.
I don't like it fruity myself.
I know you do.
But that's what I do.
You don't like it.
Not fruity, you know.
Now you like a little butcher than that.
I know that.
Unlike at least one to one around.
Definitely.
I know that.
Well, you know, I'm just saying that taste or taste different strokes are different.
Yeah, but wait a minute.
Wait.
Now, so you can argue among different flavors that are good.
Like somebody could say, I like Heavenly Hash or I like Rocky Road or I think Fish Who Does.
That's fine.
I mean, that is a different taste.
But when you're talking about something that admittedly has no taste and you like it like vanilla ice cream,
you say, oh, that's my favorite, then you have bad taste.
Yeah.
All right.
Right?
It's bland.
Yeah, correct.
Exactly.
It's like Rosio Donald.
It's, how else it's to die from?
All right.
Now, but wait a minute.
Now, the other day you said the sopranos was a city...
I said it that way.
No, you did.
You almost said it.
You didn't quite come out.
You did a Brian Murray on it.
No, I haven't watched it.
I didn't say that at all.
I said I watched a couple of minutes and I wasn't just in the right mood to watch it at the time or whatever.
I haven't seen it yet.
All right.
Everybody tells me it's great.
I think it's an incredible show.
I'll watch it.
All right.
Thanks.
Thank you.
No more vanilla ice cream.
God damn it.
Oh, but that vanilla bean.
Yeah, I got some beans for you over here, okay?
I mean, even Ben and Jerry's makes vanilla bean ice cream because they know there's a lot of people out there who are very boring people.
They don't have good enough taste to eat all those other great flavors they make.
Oh, sure.
If you walk into what publics and you look in the cooler and they've got the full complement of all the flavors,
like I'm using Ben and Jerry's in an example because I love it.
And they've got all the different flavors.
Like heat bar crunch and English toffee crunch and heavenly hash and fish food and all of these things.
You know what I'm saying?
All of these things.
I don't like chunky monkey.
But if they had all of those and then they had vanilla bean and you walked in there and picked out a pint of vanilla bean out of the middle of all of that,
I'd say, what a poth.
What a poth.
And there's no question that everything is subjective.
But for example, if somebody looks at, like people that are obsessed with a nanny that think that she's a hot looking babe,
and please don't tell me from the neck down.
The head is attached.
Just like, yeah, right.
Oh, there would be no anti-symmetism left in the world if we could just get that you off the earth and nanny.
I'm telling you that right now.
And also remove some rise from the map, but that's an understanding.
Seriously, there are guys who think that she's a hot number than any.
If I were as straight as an arrow, I wouldn't touch her with your hand, with your, uh, any body part.
She's to die from, not to die for, to die from.
So you can argue among, you know, a whole bunch of really beautiful looking people, but to include somebody who just based on, like,
like, Rosio Donald.
That the, butch piece of whatever she is this week.
You know, anybody that would, like, Rosanne.
In fact, I thought it was great when Richard Simmons, as, as, I'm sure as I personally find him, and as obnoxious as he is,
and he really is, uh, when he, uh, stuck his tongue down or throw it or whatever he did when they were like having a food eating thing on her show,
and she really got grossed out in psychotic and, uh, very upset about it.
Because if, ever there were two obnoxious people who deserve each other, it was Richard Simmons and Rosanne.
Two of disgusting pigs.
But she's big.
There are people out there who want to watch.
Discuss the, oh, not, I don't mean that.
She's big, like Fat Bull, not that big.
Don't ask me why.
WDQAM.
Hey, trailer trash on a mobile.
All right!
All right!
All right!
Are you gonna keep you on?
What is it?
Are you gonna keep me hanging along?
Hang in along what?
You're on right now.
Oh, okay.
Is this Neil?
Yes it is.
Hey, what up?
What's up?
Two trailer trash, yeah.
All right!
I don't know, where, where's your trailer park?
Where your park is?
About plantations.
There's a trailer park in Plantations?
Oh, come on!
Absolutely.
Where?
Right across the street from blockbusters.
Blockbusters, where?
136 out.
There's a trailer park out there?
It's hidden in all the woods.
Oh my god.
Oh, oh.
It's like a giant campsite.
There goes the neighborhood.
Yeah, there's the neighborhood.
Yeah.
Are you serious?
I'm dead serious.
I live right down Commodore.
All right!
I'm gonna have to come and check it out.
All right!
Okay, I'll be seeing you.
See ya.
Okay, put the pig on the spiss fine.
I'll be right over.
I mean, put the pork on the seriously trailer parks.
What is that?
What's it all about?
I guess now, are you like a bigger red neck if you live in a double wide?
Is that what that's all about?
Your classier red neck.
Hmm.
Or maybe just a wealthier red neck.
I don't see what's wrong with living in a trailer.
It's always nice feeling the wind whipping up against the aluminum on the outside of your double wide.
The wind in the rain, spattering and, huh?
Having the house tip is too many people are on one side of it.
Yeah.
Having the cow tip contest outside.
I think that's the leaner you're tired of your hand or your sheep's always staying in the day you can't land.
You're clean and feel high as your photo bill hires.
The chick could be bought with you definitely buyers.
Well, now you can.
That dust is low red whorehouse.
If you ever wanted a chick but you're way too ugly, you've even tried to buy them but you're way too poor.
Now's your turn.
My mommy gave me five dollars for groceries but instead I got me some set of cash in that dust is low red whorehouse.
So losers of America unite.
In killer bad dusties today.
Let me ask you one thing.
Paper or plastic?
12 note at 560 WQAM.
Still short.
560 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on our mobile online.
The handgulbers show coming up at 2.
We got some sporting events on the station right also over there on 790 Waxley.
Is there anybody interested in either one?
No.
But we got them coming up for you.
Whether you want them or not.
WQAM trailer crash central.
Hello.
Good morning, Dale.
Yes sir.
Peter Luger's takes off.
Amazing.
It is.
Get that Doris market.
You could put that on a piece of cardboard would be good.
Absolutely.
Question about the big dish.
These soon to be obsolete big dish.
Yes sir.
You've had it for a while.
I've had these small dishes around September but the big dish didn't it?
Was it a situation where you used to be able to just tune into any damn gamer out the country.
Football or baseball without the country?
Used to be before they started with the scrambling stuff and before they started with the fiber optic stuff and scrambling.
So we're talking like five or six years ago.
No more than that.
Really?
I got my big dish in 87 the first one 12 years ago.
Right.
And for the first few years boy you could get all the back halls in the clear you know like the live feeds from the stadiums that wasn't really on the year when they were setting up for broadcast.
Right.
And you can get every football game and baseball everything was all there.
And now that is not the case at all.
Not at all.
Not at all.
You can't really not at all.
It's better off with the small dish because the big dish is up the door.
It's becoming very absolutely very rapidly now.
Now question regarding the I don't know if you're familiar with the way your small dish was on the table.
So I've just hooked up to your TV.
Do you know if they connected with what they use an S cable for your video on your small dish?
What they use it for?
Well I had, again I got to be...
I mean if you have a TV that's got an S cable connection.
Right.
It's supposed to be like a super better picture.
It is.
Right.
And I didn't, my old TV didn't have that S connection.
And I got a new TV and even with my old TV I didn't think I was getting my sound in stereo.
Right.
And because I'd noticed I got to have a football game on Channel 7 or something on Network TV and I'd flip over to the
edition. The song was so much better on 7.
Right.
It was in stereo.
And when I questioned and I had no idea and then when I got the new TV and I tell you what I got the S cable and it is...
So when you get a VCR since most of us run our dish to the VCR and then the TV you want to make sure it's got an S connector on.
Absolutely.
And for those people I mean I found out it took me about six months to really realize it before what the difference it makes.
You've been.
The only problem is you only need about a foot and a half of cable and the shortest length I was able to find was six feet.
And it's not cheap it's about an $18 cable.
Yeah.
But I tell you what it's...
It makes all of this especially in the sound quality.
Well it would be the S connector.
Yeah.
I wasn't able to find it.
I wasn't able to find it.
I got it on a short black cable too.
Yeah.
You're fortunate.
I just tried radio shacks.
I didn't...
I'd run to like three or four radio shacks and the shortest cable they had was like six feet.
And I'd like to find like a two-foot cable.
Well just put your VCR far away from the set thing.
I feel better.
There you go.
Okay pal.
Thank you.
See ya.
Yeah.
Anybody without a small dish out there you're like you're living you're so far behind the times we're embarrassed for you.
Even people living trailer parks have a dish.
No, seriously I bet you that's easy.
Huh?
See that's one good thing about living in trailer unless you live in a trailer park with a whole bunch of condo commandos that well you know...
Well I guess you do get that.
In fact maybe you get more of that because trailer parks all have like you know their own rules inside and you can't do this, you can't do that.
And you can't put the big jar of gasoline outside on the thing on your thing.
WDQAM.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey listen Dave.
There is no way that I could let that last asshole on a mobile represent all of us in a trailer park.
Okay.
About two years ago me and my roommate were out looking for an apartment and to find a two bedroom apartment it was $700.
Right.
So for him to buy a mobile home and put $3,000 down it cost us $400 a month in rent.
So in the course of a year he saved $3600 so we had a yard and everything else.
Now if you want to get a look down the crack so there's the other trailer park crap you know we still be living there.
I know my girlfriend lives in a trailer park not quite as one of the night's the one that I used to live in.
But she lives in a trailer that was given to her she's got about $5,000 into it.
She drives a brand new BMW that's worth 10 times with the damn trailers worth.
All right.
But I'll tell you what.
There's a lot of redneck people in there but there are good people in there trying to save money up.
I think you came up with a good idea.
I said that should be one of the things that we strive for when this coming in millennium is to drive the trailer trash out of trailer parks and to put real upstanding people like yourself and your girlfriend in the trailer parks.
I tell you there's you are right there are a lot of default trailer tracks redneck
around us there's drug dealers I mean everything else you know I'm not happy with my situation but we're trying to save enough money to buy a nice house someplace instead of just settling on someplace else.
So until then I'm stuck in my position.
Right.
But as far as the panther's go you know I think they should just take the rest of the season off.
Save the team a lot of money in traveling.
Save the panther's a little bit of panther fans on it.
Now I don't want to do that I got to go up and see that game tomorrow night in Toronto I want to see the new air Canada Center.
Well you enjoy yourself I've got some little slappers down here who can't quite make it up there we'll want it on TV.
I left during the middle of the second period once once Boston's for their third goal I said I had enough.
Right.
I grabbed my son and I left one home turned it on to TV they scored goal number four and that's what I left goal number four when we flew out of there like a jet propulsion.
Yep I live in a trailer park right down the road almost with that guy on the cell phone call from you know you're also in plantation.
Actually it's it's it's left Davy.
Oh yeah it's on the corner right there.
I think there's a lot of trailer parks in Davy.
Well right out there there's about three nice ones and then there's a couple that you know if you drive through there you think you're driving through downtown crack building for a lot of them.
Right.
You know it's it's some of the places you know you pay a little bit more but you you got a nice plate.
But like I said not not everybody in the trailer park is crap you know there are a lot of angry looking people around there.
You know and I get a little scared every now and then walking around but you know I could not let that one guy need the representative brought all of us trailer for you.
Right okay pal.
All right thanks so very much.
Next game.
All right next Wednesday is the next game I'll be attending here at the macaroni last game of the season for me.
You mean you're not going to that Tampa game last game of the year? Am I going to?
No.
No.
Are we from Saturday?
Oh god.
The lightning and the panthers and the finale at the macaroni are we from Saturday?
Are you going to that Neil?
No.
No.
Anybody with a brain going to be there?
No.
No.
I mean we've only got like 700 injuries on the team now Lindsey's out, Laus is out all the other guys who already were out there out.
Just one of those things it must be just coincidental everybody on the team gets hurt and they stay hurt and they just I don't know what that's all about.
What if Joe Rose has any ideas on that?
WQA him hello.
Yes hello holy for Neil speaking speaking throughout the radio yes.
Radio.
I'm sorry I found out.
I mean you I mean whoever's in the back there didn't turn a radio off.
Tell me it with it.
No no that was you.
Listen I just wanted to mention about blood pressure medication.
It's a thing for a couple years and I'm really kind of happy with it.
I don't think there's been many problems with the stuff I'm thinking is called Norvask.
I don't know if you've heard anything about it.
No.
It's pretty good and it's not engineering because it's only been out in brand for a year or two and I think it's made by Pfizer labs.
And it's ACE inhibitor which means it's like a calcium channel blocker.
Right and works really well.
I've got to say I haven't had any problem with it.
There's no side effects and I'll tell you one thing.
Everybody reacts different as you know to different drugs.
The boy this hydrochlorothides.
Anybody who's taking this stuff and having all kinds of problems like I am get find something else.
Go to a doctor that will give you something else.
Yeah I would say check it out.
I think it's one of the least invasive ones that there are in terms of the side effects that are documented with it.
I think it might be something you want to look into.
I'm very happy with it and I think I'm not keen about taking any drug but if you had to take something I think this is pretty much you know not much downsides with it.
Okay I'll ask the doctor.
Yeah Norvask.
Okay.
Okay thanks a lot.
Thanks.
Norvask.
What he said.
I'll ask the doctor on Monday when I go there Monday afternoon because I'm getting off at HCT.
I'm telling you that right now.
I'm going to TCP and get off the HTC and the TCB.
Because that stuff man just you know you can feel it you know it.
And then you read about the fact that all these diuretics you can't lose anyway.
If you did the Actions I mean religiously for 100 straight days it still be a fat slum.
So what kind of a deal is that?
What kind of a bargain is that with all these people who keep eating and eating and eating and eating and just can't lose you know eating the Actions stuff?
In fact I may never eat again until I have to rate this food that just came in the door right now.
I mean I'm not going to pass up a great lunch from our this is from Tony's by the way and our good friend Brad.
Thank you Brad.
Tell Brad he's the greatest we love Brad okay Brad is wonderful whatever he is.
Who is that punk he sent here for the food I'm just kidding he's a good guy.
A little bit of a zits problem he's a good kid he'll be alright.
So we got a lunch here from our good friends over Tony's.
What did I get by the way all I got meatballs that's right.
Which he's an onions I did my Actions today religiously.
You know well what good does it do like I said there's nothing more frustrating when you really try to do your damn like a voice goes
do your best to do your duty and stuff like that.
And you can't lose because some doctor had not doctor Mark but by the way doctor Mark Monday you better give it see it's one thing to say there's all kinds of other stuff you can be taking but I want to take it.
Am I right he said that right here.
Just like he said oh that could be anything you know when he looked at my neck that time several months ago when I first started getting sick what was that 10 years ago.
And that could be anything that big gigantic black tumor that's growing on your neck that could be anything yeah.
Anyway it's a 9 past noon at 5 60 WQM that's headed about my great adventure at Pompato Park last night.
I won't burden you with telling you that again because I don't want to embarrass Carol or David Horerschel or any of those other incompetent people over there at Pompato Park.
Most have lots of naked pictures in fact I was discussing with a couple of people there in fact the only couple of people there last night before I left.
And we all agree that they must have drawer full of naked pictures just like a lot of people around here I see so many similarities between WQM and Pompato Park.
No promotion no publicity nobody knows what's going on but I do know this there's action seven days a week.
Samo casting even on Sundays.
More fat radio WQM.
In today's explore America our man on the street Jimmy Cool tries to answer the question why is it that that shakes where tight clothes.
I just got that sign here Chuck and I've already spotted a real moose of a woman she's got to be about 350 pounds and wearing an awfully tight mini dress.
It's disgusting. Here she comes. Excuse me miss can I ask you a couple questions Jimmy Cool here.
Sure sugar what's that well America wants to know and we thought you might have some insight as to why fat chicks wear tight clothes.
Oh my god I can't believe it I was just thinking the very same thing you see that hefty mom over there in the skin type of hockey cops now what is she thinking.
What about your outfit.
Oh thank you for noticing I just bought this at the boutique last night nice isn't it.
Actually it's kind of well tonight talking to you I got a pie in the oven at home though got to go by why well I guess you would see that the answer is they just don't know fat chicks wear tight clothes because they just don't know their fat back to you Chuck.
Thanks Jimmy maybe we can use our government surplus to invest in some public mirrors this has been explore America.
Yeah from 16 to 560 WQM so we still haven't had anybody a call in today about the draft the NFL draft.
See I don't want to burst your bubble because I know a lot of you pussy's out there sitting back well we're not going to justify it to him what they'll casino you know.
You don't have to justify but I hate to break this news to you but all of these sports people have work on this station each and every single one of them.
Every one of them see they got to do it because it's their livelihood.
But behind the scenes every single one of the people in this place believes that you sports nerds were all wrapped up with at NFL draft and get all obsessed with it and spend the whole day with it that they had a whole weekend with it when they get to the 85th round on Sunday the 18th that you're sick that you're pathetic they laugh at you they cry for you not just read.
I said the sports people I didn't say I was talking about just fat he's not a sports guy he's just a fat guy.
No he admitted last night right on here even Bruce Shambie who you know doesn't have to I mean he could suck up to the sports nerds out there he said you know sitting there watching that all day that's not really for me that's not my cup of tea when I could be out eating four or five good meals you know.
But Josh Friedman he's like like that.
Shambie Barry Jackass he's discovered you know he could be a couch potato you don't have to go out for 20 or 30 good meals for dinner.
You can just sit around all day on your big fat ass shoveling food down there with a goddamn crane.
Like a Josh Friedman does and isn't that perfect to by the way isn't he just exactly the kind of guy you'd expect to be sitting on his big fat smelly ass all day on Saturday the 17th.
Or any other Saturday or any other day Monday through Sunday watching some stupid NFL draft crap only 84th round they drafted the slimy of the talkers from West Texas state yeah and now what more chips yeah more.
Yeah sure hope they give him a good break because if anybody needs it you'll do it.
That chubby chubby chubby chubby chubby smelly Josh Friedman.
So you were sucking up to him there by the way there I couldn't believe that.
Excuse you were sucking up to him like crazy I was ignoring him outright.
You were schmoozing.
WQAM.
Hello.
I bet your Steve Stansell walked in there right now you say hey Steve how you doing?
Yes sir.
Hello speak to me sir.
Deal yes I am.
I wanted to let you know that the NFL draft is only news after it's over while it's actually occurring nobody has any business sitting there watching it we're listening to it.
That's so little correct.
The same thing though as election results and trials like the OJC asko.
Yeah but the OJC asko was entertaining though for a lot of people.
It was a sub-dissue for a life.
Yes that's exactly it.
You can at least understand why the OJ trial was entertaining you can understand that because it was a two life story it was a soap opera you can involve the very famous celebrity but but as far as the NFL draft is concerned
what's the attraction?
What about election results?
I mean it's the same thing people sit there and ABC or NBC will put on an hour before they're ready to make any announcements.
They'll have all these people sitting there speculating if another two percent comes in from this district.
It's not news yet but that's the same reason we've got news magazines on every night of the week for an hour.
There's all this crap that's not news that news is high news is supposed to make money for stations and there you go.
So the NFL draft should really be carried by CNN?
Okay whatever you say.
What do you say is anybody know?
What he said?
Does anybody know?
No.
What he said?
He said it's a bunch of crap is what he said.
That's what he said.
It's a pile of crap and anybody that sits out there wasting their life away.
April 17 or any other day.
Need serious psychiatric assistance.
Okay?
I mean it's a free country to a point.
If you want to waste your time doing that then hold up a big sign that says I have no life.
My life is a pile of crap because I'm sitting here watching some stupid draft including teams that I couldn't care less about.
Would players that nobody ever heard of before even their parents?
To me the obsession with the NFL draft is the epitome of sports nerdiness.
Sports nerdiness.
It's one thing to be a fan.
It's another thing to be a compulsive gambler which we have many attracted to the station and some working in it.
That's another level of it but at least there's some peripheral, you know, something that has to do with sports there.
Even if it's only a tangible interest because of the cash.
But there's nobody interested in that.
I mean how could anybody with a brain, anybody who's using his or its existence in any kind of a even meaningful way, even a selfish meaningful way like getting laid or whatever it is they might be doing something enjoyable.
How could they possibly have room in their teeny tiny little brain to absorb all these illiterate goons from all 82 states.
From all 600 teams in the NFL who gives a flying crap who the redskins draft in the third round who gives a screaming part.
But again it's oh yeah we're having a big party it's got to be the big party doing what he said getting drunk.
I mean I don't think we're going to do that but what reason is there to have a party on a day when they're announcing the names of players who are being selected to maybe some day be signed by a football teams.
The NHL holds a draft every year. Do they have parties on NHL draft day?
No.
Major League Baseball they have the amateur draft every year.
They have parties on baseball draft day. What is it about this sickness this obsession with the national f in football league.
Like it's bigger than life like every time Paul Tagney or anybody connected to the NFL far it's like big news.
Every time Troy Ackman kisses somebody on the cheek even if it's his boyfriend they have to make your story about it.
WQAN.
Hi this is Beth Cohen is it possible for me to speak to Neil Ross.
They're great Beth Cohen you're speaking to him Neil what a sweetheart you are you're the best honey.
You are so cool I wanted to call and thank you for saying that.
Believe me I'm not one of you you may know I'm not just one of those people that runs around kissing everybody saying it's but last I don't know how was it two nights ago when it was Boston game.
I've seen you sing it before but the job you did Wednesday night was that I'm not exaggerating that was the best my friend John said man she's great everybody around was like really enthused say goodbye to her.
I didn't even hear today because I'm in the studio and a friend pages me and he calls me up and he says you got you got to turn on the radio they're talking about you.
I'm going to tell you something if they bring anybody else beside you to do the national anthem from now I'm going to protest I'm going to pick it outside you're serious you're the best.
I like it.
I like it.
I like the way you give it like a little extra you know your own little I mean you don't get carried away and you don't drag it out like for 10 minutes but it was the best rendition of the national anthem which isn't the greatest song and it's not easy to sing as you know that was the best in the history of the human race.
I love you that is so great are you going to be their next Wednesday when we have that awful Montreal game well you know it I'll be in the Budweiser Terrace where I usually am.
Oh but I don't know if they're going to have to sing the well they better ask you to sing it I'm going to my right now we want best we want that we want that I'm serious we want you next Wednesday best.
We know you'll have to post some things you're a big man on campus course when we find out your last name is calling your Jewish you might not be singing or again but you know.
Oh my goodness no.
It's only a good thing just Thomas spelled with a K you know that's right Thomas Polish sure okay best thank you so much great job okay bye okay see there you go we have cloud on a sure what we got the cloud.
I'm telling you I'm not exaggerating she was sensational anybody else was at that Bruins game the other night no I mean I know wasn't our regular craft you know it's I believe we show up I'll say it again you cannot hockey all you want this is not a hockey town just as the matter door people but we show up.
18,897 tickets sold I'm going to argue your tea there was about 17,000 in the asses in the seats that night even with the marlins playing the heat plan some people out there in the trailer park plan with themselves in each other and we still had a hell of a crowd I have no idea why but we show up.
And if there was anybody else out there that agree if you disagree about that cone then you probably need a lot of an ice cream and living in a trailer park she was great.
And all these people think I need a little so critical he's not know I'm if something is good if somebody does a good job like my good friend south balcony yesterday from sole water which I must forgot about.
Not only is he send me all those cases of water for my home use he delivers personally nice call it sad I gotta see a great guy from sole water which I love like crazy from Italy no less.
From Los Motanias from the Alps WQ I am.
Hello yes sir.
Yeah George yeah.
Hey George you want to talk about cost of what about what cost of vote who.
Cost of what you want to say about him I want to say how the American people and actually me to the cheap following what the press says about this.
Oh I want to hear that not interested you're not a banana boat and go back to wherever you came from okay sweetheart get back on your little banana boat and do you know what what do you mean look like that he was a banana boat guy.
Yeah I didn't understand what you're saying.
So what there is me you expect to understand what a banana boat guy I said.
He said cost of all he's got to confuse what was that beach boy song.
Huh that's what he thinks it is.
Coquamo.
That's what he thinks it is I know what it is.
Coquamo don't you understand it's not about your refugees from coquamo they're from Coquamo.
Just as Mark Mike love he'll tell you.
How's Mike like love doing anybody seen him lately.
No.
Okay so let's our poll question the beach boys or uh coquamo.
By the way Indiana blows I just thought I would mention that oh that's a really uh.
26 past notice it does Indiana is a very uh bizarre fact Indiana even though it's like up north on the map like in the midway it's like a deep southern southern Indiana like Indianapolis.
Going to a restaurant there they talk with like a deep southern draw like hi y'all doing you know I'll come back.
You know I mentioned there's a lot of trailer parks in Indiana man.
Yes.
Hey you ever been to a beeper menu store.
All across the country.
You get out of here.
You know someday I'll get to you know since they made me uh they didn't make me but they asked me to make these stupid sound effects in this spot.
Now I'm like too much pressure especially in the middle of lunch.
So get away from the ball mother fuckers.
These are an unsplastic surgeon in Beverly Hills who specializes in food job before we go out you need to meet my dad.
Well son I don't want to control your life.
You can go out with her if you want but these are fake.
Join the wacky Anderson family on father knows breath father knows breath Wednesday night at eight.
It's from thirty two to five sixty WQ a.m. by the way family came out from ocean man.
Just walked in the door with the smile on his push pretending he likes me which he doesn't but anyway he just walked in here and uh and you know he did like me until I showed him that picture of the dead picture of Andrew Kahnan.
Twin brother I'm telling you have you ever seen the two of them together.
No.
Same person.
Kahnan is not dead he's alive and well working here in the promotions of Q.A.M.
He's a killer.
So it's as can kill that same he's a killer almost kill almost put hand in his grave.
I never forget that day as long as I live I thought I thought the Humper was going to bite the big one that day.
Had to run the ten thousand yard that just to get to the broadcast location because somebody forgot to get a parking pass.
I don't want to mention no names Andrew Kahnan in junior.
Be caller nine right now in a Q.A.M. context line let's register somebody else out there and the register wouldn't trip to South Florida and I'm a late here with David Letterman traveled in New York City with all the expenses.
Q.A.M. C.B. S. Four winners expenditures paid first team draws the winners on Monday morning so you can register now if you're the ninth caller at 1-800-227-560 right now 1-800-227-0560.
Sam will answer the phone by the way take the information and say hi is this Andrew junior.
Well seriously when you call the register the name say is this Andrew Kahnan in junior.
God you look just like him on his deathbed man.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
Yes sir speaking turn off that radio please it's coming.
That's real voice in the background yes sir.
Yeah but really did it this time buddy.
Yeah.
You they sent the light back that I sent them with the Macarena with the letter attached as long as you want to light on there it ain't going to happen.
Yeah okay whatever you say pal keep working on it 5 6 7 0 5 6 9 it was a trailer park I've ever heard one that guy he is in a trailer park even if he doesn't know yet he'll wind up there.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the 0 5 6 the automobile one line we're doing screenless today 52 million open lines right now this isn't exactly working out like yesterday yesterday was spectacular.
But today it's like the novel these weren't off like you know in one day now they want something new and different exciting today.
Screenless with one line rain boy wait till George comes on it 130 WQ.A.M. Hello.
Yes sir I have a question for you sir on May 3rd what are the first team are going to be talking about.
The Cuban National team going to Cuba or the trial of probably Martin.
Yeah well what do you think they ought to be talking about sir?
Because quite frankly nobody in America cares about the Cuban National team or the Orioles.
What about 20 Martin the trial well we care about that.
I mean it's only drug wandering you know like somebody on the station said which I found very amusing well you didn't kill anybody raising you know.
All right accused of wandering drug money I mean what's the big deal with that just like Mark Dupur he never killed anybody never stole a free train.
Yes Irving Spikes he never killed anybody yet.
No Bobby Humphrey he never killed anybody.
No Sammy Smith all the same I was killing us the way he was playing fumbling that ball he was killing me.
It's me the other day you were talking about up players with big big assets.
Yes how about Sessal Filter remember how many we already mentioned him.
Oh yeah yeah he's a big you you may they named it department complex after his ad.
That's a great thing you go.
Okay I'll stick here me just.
Yeah see there we go with a holy I think that we care about I don't know if he cared about it.
I hope he doesn't about that Cuban nobody nobody in America we just took a survey this morning before the show nobody in America outside of date County cares about the Cuban National baseball team about PDL Castro about Havana about
a couple of years ago when he's still coming in we don't care when president Jew from China was here yesterday Clinton asked him he says do you care about the Castro and and Jew said no no do you hear it.
Do you think he was right.
That was a hysterical because if you watched any of that joint press conference they yesterday it was just like that Chinese restaurant thing we got.
And Clinton was standing and he always had that shot eating grin on his face you know when his teeth start like blowing up.
Kind of like Monica's were probably blown up when she had his.
Her post WQ a.m. Hello.
Yeah how you doing okay sir.
First time called all right for a while great hey I agree with you you don't care about that NFL draft do you sir thank God I agree with you about the nanny man
I don't find it to be that she is disgusting you wouldn't to cheer with somebody else's weapon you wouldn't do it you're right hey my friend when they you are off the joyous play this thing about
Gini's can you get that over for the thing about what Gini's yeah they got calls with the look of a Gini's.
Okay we'll do it okay thank you.
Okay what's he talking about the guinea bit you played all the time.
Do you need that I don't know if it's in there so where did you get it I don't know what you're talking about.
I think he's wrong I didn't play it you played all the time.
No I never heard of it how can I play it all the time.
So here we go this is gaslight part two yesterday it was the Steve Stancell business now he's starting that this was a setup call.
Who was that your good friend your dark-complicated friend you had call in.
Okay now which one is Charles Boyet and who's angry Bergman.
Wasn't she in gaslight angry Bergman.
Good movie by the way anybody remember Charles Boyet.
No I do because I'm old.
Let me tell you again the great actors the great actresses they're not around today.
The 30s the 40s the 50s the 60s those were the great people on the silver screen man.
Ingrid Bergman Charles Boyet Basil Rathbone Van Hefflin Van Johnson William Holden what.
It's in there Gini's for sale.
No it's not.
Yes it is.
Not Gini's spells.
No it's not.
Hello.
Yeah you got some Gini's for sale.
Yes I do.
Yeah I've been looking for a Gini.
I've got a bunch.
Can you tell me about them.
I've got a bunch of babies that I want to sell most of them are purple or the off-buff.
Yeah.
They're about three months old and I'm one at least four piece for them.
Curly hair dark skin.
No this is this is Berg.
Love to watch the godfather.
Huh?
What do you feed him mostly just pasta huh?
No these are these are Berg these are chickens.
Huh?
Yeah.
I'm one to get a Gini.
You want a Gini pig right?
Yeah I've met a few Gini pigs.
Now these aren't Gini pigs these are Gini's they're a bird.
Punching pasta, slappers, sitting around watching godfather stealing and teabin.
No these are a bird.
I want to get me my own Gini.
Yeah I don't have those.
Well they look like god dark skin, olive skin kind of curly black hair, real bad dresser,
shirts open, lots of hair on the chest, cold chains, that kind of thing.
No.
Well that's the kind of Gini I'm looking for.
Well I ain't got those.
Yeah well you may wake up with a horse's head in your bed tonight.
Daddy though Gini's got to pick stuff with Cubans.
Actually he's got to mix up with Venezuela's over there that shirt and hotel in Caracas.
Seriously I walk into a hotel lobby and there's 800 guys looking like Caesar were mirror standing around.
What a joke.
In fact even Sam said the boy kick his ass out of Venezuela he wouldn't dress right.
But he'll be back, remember what Andrew can end it then.
You know what I'm saying?
Watch it down there if I was you use guys.
And father, you have for no other boy, some of Capac.
No.
You should get a nice piece of sausage to be a porky.
Yeah what are you going to do with it?
Well I'm going to make you a slew of like a pig.
He's going to hurt dark because I hate paint.
He could be a nice figure.
Oh, you're looking at it.
Give it a hug.
Give it a hug.
It's a big hug.
You should have a pretty mouth dog.
That's why they call me poor.
Give it a hug.
Oh you're rabbit hole.
Give it a hug.
Oh you're a big hug.
Give it a hug.
244560 WQM.
Sam, the shame Andrew, can end in June you just walked in with yet another a bunch of crap.
Oh it just doesn't stop, doesn't.
I guess these guys are really working overtime to try to convince somebody that they're really doing something around here after that pewt would add in the Marlin opening the...
Program.
The one that had Roger spelled with the Z and the Q and the next.
The QAM van will be in the Toys and Russ parking lot at the 167th Avenue and the 6th Ave location in North Miami Beach.
Northeast 167th Avenue and 6th Avenue in North Miami Beach right across from the Krispy Kreme doughnuts from 1 o'clock until whenever the stuff is gone.
They got Florida Marlin's family Sunday ticket packs which includes tickets to this Sunday's game against the Phillies.
Plus certificates for free beverages and entrees and QAM bumper stickers and keychains.
How do you like that?
All these things.
They'll also have weekend passes to this weekend's American Racing League auto races at the Homestead Motorsports Complex.
George Corso will be the racing SBMW.
And Joe Costello will be there too.
I think racing something that doesn't say that in here because Sam and Joey aren't that tight as he and the George.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir. How are you doing today?
Great.
Hey I got a request man.
Yeah.
The Gordon song.
I already played it but have a nice day.
Just played it a little while ago.
Yeah I missed it.
But have a great week in sir.
We got 200 open lines and we're doing screenless.
That's not a very good sign isn't.
We're trying to find trailer parts.
Use the live and trailer parts.
We're trying to find the Jewish Chinese people.
Black Chinese.
Anybody that's turning Japanese.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
WQAM.
No it's well speaking.
Speaking.
How are you doing?
Great.
What I want to know is.
What is it?
What about stills?
Like you have so much animosity towards the NSL.
I mean just because everybody feels like the NSL is so much better than the NHL.
We need to have that.
Hold on a minute.
Okay is that sound better?
That sounds better.
Now what is it going to have animosity?
I feel like you have a lot of animosity.
No I do not.
I just have I feel sorry for people who have no lives.
I mean just because I'm a big hockey fan doesn't mean when they have the NHL draft, which is on TV every summer.
I don't sit and watch two minutes of that.
Why would I watch that?
Because you want to know how your team is better.
I can read that in the newspaper the next day.
I can see in two minutes who my team picked.
I wouldn't waste the whole afternoon sitting around watching a bunch of stupid crap.
It's not crap.
Sir let me say it again with a capital K it is pure on a dollar rated.
Correct.
It is. And you know that?
I don't feel that way.
Right guy like you isn't going to sit around me.
Do you care who the San Diego Chargers draft?
Yes I do.
They make Jack the player that the Miami Dolphins wanted to draft.
That changes the way the Dolphins draft made on in the draft.
Yeah and Kayne.
In other words you're one of the sacrifice.
The whole afternoon you're alive to watch that garbage.
It's one afternoon of the year and if I'm a big football fan what's the problem when you're watching the draft?
A big football fan?
That's right.
I think your priorities are all screwed up man.
I think you better get with it.
I mean I'm 23 years old.
That's all 23 years old.
You ought to be out and getting laid man.
I live on.
Hey I do that but hey that's the one afternoon I need for myself.
On a Saturday afternoon you should be at the summer be shining.
It's Saturday the 17th April or be a beautiful day.
You should be out there at the beach.
Cruisin.
It's 364 other days to do that.
No no no no.
It's not going to be the same now that you're young.
You're 23 but when you get to be an old fart like me you'll look back on these days.
You'll say God I wish I would have used that one day in April to go out and get laid one more time.
You mark my word sir.
All right you.
Okay.
So he just can't get it up.
He's like those NFL sports bags.
They can't get it up.
We need Paul Taglibo to come out with with Viagra pills with the NFL logo on it.
There you go.
Shape like a little penis.
Shape like Steve Young's penis.
Like that.
You know I could play that.
He has a wife you know.
What he doesn't.
Well there's only 37 you know.
He's a slow starter.
I mean we don't know too many guys like 37 are older than that who aren't married.
George.
Do we know anybody like that?
WQAM.
Hello.
Okay.
I was talking to you two sir and back at you.
WQAM.
WQAM.
You want to type a nail?
Speaking.
Nail.
Yes.
Yeah.
I always just wanted to say that I have a hard time getting into any other sport.
These are my big hockey fan like you are.
I mean you can't afford to go to every single game like the golf and the mall and all that.
But you know basically it's hockey is a tough sport.
You have to take what a plot going on.
You're in 30 miles an hour.
You get stitched up.
He goes back out.
And then bounce about goodness gracious.
That guy has a little spring knee, a little pulled muscle and the guy can't play anymore.
Big big football.
I mean it's a big bunch of cry baities.
A bunch of pussy's right.
Right.
I just don't understand.
Last year Bryant Cox he breaks his pinky.
Why does he have to be out five games?
I mean that's ridiculous.
And you know what?
I find it offensive because they're getting so much more money than hockey players.
And I think it's a big shame.
Thanks for talking.
Thanks for making your call.
Five six hours looking for that man just thing where he says well those are real men.
Yeah hockey players are real men.
They get a bunch of teeth knocked out.
Blood is pouring out of their face.
And they go in and get stitched up in the room that come right back out.
Sometimes in the same period.
It's a few minutes later.
And they're still playing.
Like Bob Bond scores the winning goal at overtime 1967.
But the Toronto Maple Leafs with a broken ankle.
He's out there playing with a broken goddamn ankle.
Like Eric Lindross as much as I despise him.
He's got a he's got a collapsed lung and doesn't even know it.
He's got a three pipes of bloody luck.
He's out there playing the rest of that game for a few weeks ago.
And this guy he's right football and baseball players.
They get a hang nail.
Oh geez.
I'm going to be out for the season.
I'll never as long as I live forget that $10 million man.
That asshole, Gary Sheffield.
This is about three years ago.
Rounding second base.
And he jams his thumb on the second base bag.
And he's about four or five feet past the bag.
And instead of going back and getting back to the bases of all the insurgent from the outfield.
He stands there with his thumb hanging down.
It looked like a thumb.
Naaaah.
And gets tagged out.
Ten million a year they were paying this piece of crap.
And you wonder why I don't care about the NFL draft.
And he's stupid, stupid, super idiotic dumb jocks.
That 23 year old guy to call before.
Like I said, you ought to be going out there doing something useful on that Saturday instead of sitting around.
Wait and they hear a time.
I hear about these horse ballers.
Since today, bangles at the 18th round of the draft.
What is wrong with you people?
Are you crazy or what?
Huh?
Yes.
Thank you.
WQAM, hello.
He's the round of the draft.
What is wrong with you?
WQAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got your herald screw up of the day in the paper today.
Yeah.
You have the sport section in front of you?
Uh, sport section in the heralds?
Sport section in the heralds.
Page ten, D.
I got it.
Okay.
Take a look at this Johnson's memorable day.
What page, what page you'd be on?
Ten D.
Oh, ten D.
Well, I would never have gotten to there.
Ten, ten, here's the 14, here's eight.
I got it all chopped up.
Where the hell is it?
How much to cut that page out?
Uh, I did.
Did you really?
Yeah.
I'm serious.
What else is on that page?
It's well, it's the Panther page.
It's the best.
But I got it right here.
Okay, here's ten D.
Okay, see where it says Johnson's memorable day?
Yes.
Yeah, the second paragraph.
Ryan Johnson scored his first NHL goalie on the night.
Ryan.
Okay.
He was practicing with New Haven in the morning when he was told to pass this one to report
to the team in the media.
He raised to him two together, some clothes.
Thanks to the Hartford Air 4 kind of flight and got to Miami Arena.
Miami Arena at 6 p.m.
No wonder he showed up late for the game.
They're playing it to Mac Arena.
Nice go, answer.
You're the only person in the history of the human race would catch that.
Another error by the herald.
God bless you, sir.
Thank you.
Have a good one.
Thank you.
You know, if it's in the heralds, beyond the shadow of it out, ladies and gentlemen,
it's a big, steamy pile of.
Right.
Barry Jackass about how Dave Halberstam wrote about Chris Moore.
You know, you're such a little ass sucker.
That's going to be our poll question on Monday.
Who's the biggest ass sucker?
Barry Jackass or guilty.
And man, that's a, that is a tough one.
That's going to be nip and suck right down to the wire.
I'm telling you.
Knows to nose.
Mouth to cheek.
Correct them.
Right down to the wire.
But sucker.
Oh, Christina Moore.
He may not describe the game, but he may not tell you anything that's going on, but he sure is controversial.
What, whatever the hell that means.
And you know, somebody, they, Dave Halberstam wrote that.
Maybe, you know, Dave's never been the same since Michael Mayo didn't apologize and try to get him fired and eventually did.
Michael Mayo.
I think Mike Mayo's realized name, by the way, Smith.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Johnson, maybe.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil?
Yes.
Neil?
Speaking.
Uh, I hate to tell you this.
Like, go ahead anyway.
Well, because either way, I can tell it's going to be a short call.
Go ahead.
Well, you can't eat meatballs on the Arkansas.
Why not?
Because they're made with bread crumbs.
No, these aren't.
They're not?
I don't think so.
No, they're not.
They're not.
They're not pure meat.
Okay, my balls, no, but no crumbs in my meat.
I'm my balls.
Maybe they're, he's got a good point.
I've actually these are loaded with bread.
Why did you have to get meatballs?
Huh?
That's what you wanted.
Not with bread crumbs, heck, I was good.
Even though he sounded like some kind of a food cake.
Huh?
They don't always have bread crumbs.
They're different recipes.
Yeah.
Not everybody fills them with crap.
Just in case.
Thank you, sir.
I just threw the rest out.
I just threw the last quarter of ball out.
Now he calls.
WQAM, hello.
What?
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
The problem is stupid of any.
What was it?
Get back out of the van, okay, pal?
Get back out of the boat with Chiquita.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
I'm very healthy today.
Yeah, I am.
How's Colin, you?
Because I heard you talking about the flaxhop and the people going over to the...
About what?
About the flaxhop.
Yeah.
You guys want to go over the screw on a little bit?
Uh-huh.
The cops are going to be there, ready to like, deraid the...
The fingers club?
Yeah.
I hope not.
Okay.
Let us know.
That's what you guys are going to go around peeking in the windows.
You can tell.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 8.
He's going to be going to that Chinese door at the peeking end.
That's a line from what movie, by the way?
Corny Line.
What was the movie?
That was a good movie.
Oh, come on.
About the co-cantic with Terry Gar.
First born.
Very good.
Yeah.
See, I got to come up with all the stuff because YouTube and these fucking Steve's stances asked.
Who?
I never even heard Steve's stance, okay?
I just made up the story about him taking a leak.
How about you never even took a leak in his life?
And you give me a song and answer.
Steve, I never said I liked him.
I never said I knew him.
Who?
12.56 and 5.60 WQAM.
It may be hard to believe.
A small car that fits right on the palm of your little dainty hand can save you a lot of money on your next long distance call.
That guy's right.
I shouldn't have eaten those meatballs.
Oh, you're right, sir.
Well, that just...
You're right.
Oh, God.
That's right.
That's what you do, WQAM.
I am.
Who's on your day?
Oh, boy.
It's the one to two hour.
And now the leak of retarded citizens will perform their rendition of greener.
Don't make fun of them.
They were very hard for this.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Hey,
I think it was still Martinez Pug things of who still had a problem sleeping during the rainingntia loot.
When I was in advantage the Qu colours, they didn't have any notes.
Thank you.
Soaking out cause I was out there again.
By the way,
Please edit your audio.
Soaking out because they had skating loose.
have two avenues intersecting. You know what I'm saying? Less avanitas. No, no chance. No way
Jose. Northeast 157th Street and 6th Avenue NorthMime, which right across from Krispy Kreme
Donuts, he's there from now till his stuff has gone. And I do love Krispy Kreme Donuts. Too
bad I can't have them. Oh, I love them. Mmm. Don't you? Especially when they're nice and
like runny. Mmm. That's been there a million years, too, by the way. Even as that neighborhood
has changed. It's still there. And what's that other little place that egg, what is it the
egg and the egg plate? Hennon Eggery. Is that it? No. Is that what it's called? Because there's a place
a place on sunrise in Fort Lauderdale called the egg and eye, the egg and something like that.
I think they're like 30 some years ago when I first came here. And there it is still there.
Anyway, they got Marlum's tickets, the Sunday ticket packs, including tickets to this
Sunday's game, the Marlum's and the Phillies. Certificates for free beverages, non-trades and QAM
bumper stickers and keychains. And also if there's anybody who wants these, we can pass it to
this weekend's American Racing, the Auto Pass, the homestead Motorsports Complex, anybody want them?
Well, they got them. Give them away and make them feel good. Okay. Say, oh yeah, we'll take those.
First give us the good stuff and then we'll take some of those off your hands. And by the way,
Andy in the hospital feel better. See if Andy would have had a different name and I know it's
not the same one. Although that other one, he needs mental help. Oh, what? Speaking of people in the hospital.
Who else who are dead? Andy feel better. Yes, I just got a call. I was supposed to tell you
during the break that I forget. Not, no. Someone in the hospital. No, not a clocking sound. Is that what you
remember? No. Tom Chauvin. He's dead? He's dead. He took a fall apparently and bumped his head.
He died? He died. He died. The humongous fat Tom Chauvin is dead. But he didn't die of fat.
Well, there you go. The good news is he didn't die from his fat. The bad news is he took a bad fall
like Jack Spratt. Tom Chauvin, now who told you that? Vokobry? Yeah. Because you know what I thought
you were going to say. You do know what I thought you were going to say. Because you seemed like
I thought maybe that was the one in the hospital. It's just, huh? When I see your laughing,
that's bad. If the bird dies, you're going to laugh here on the... Oh, that one. I thought you were
talking about the guy that actually made that car. No. Oh, Brian Andrews. No, he's never going to die.
He just keeps flying away from every accident he gets there. He just knows that would be a tragic
end to a tragic life. What does that mean? How do you know he had a tragic life? Well, I don't
know. I don't think his life was his tragic. I mean, he had the illness for a long, long time,
for many years. But does that mean he had a tragic life? Yeah. Compared to what? Compared to people
who don't have a tragic life. Compared to most of these people we talked about. Oh, no, no. No. Okay.
WQA, I'm hello. Nail? Yes. What's going on? Not much. Okay, listen. Forget this
football stuff. Let's talk important things. Yeah, let's forget about that stuff. That guy that
called me for... He's ruined my whole weekend. I know. I know. I know. I've had it already. Please.
Okay, I've two words for you. You better tell me what you think. Yeah. All right? Ricky Martin.
So how about a one word answer? What? Why? Like, Coppina La Vida. He's all right.
They put... She... I'll tell you one thing. She looks better than she used to. No kidding.
Yeah, they've done about six makeovers. And of course, I did feed from 100 years ago when he was
in Manudo. Did you know that? Yeah, remember. Yeah. And he was kind of cute when he was in Manudo.
A little punky cute. I probably got my lastodalot, but anyway. No, but those steroids have helped.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She's got a toe on the ground. He's doing great, by the way, Ricky Martin.
And it's interesting that at the Grammy Awards, when he won that night for La Coppina La Vida,
that he spoke perfect English and he's promotional. He's promotional spots. He does for
for Puerto Rico, you know? All of a sudden, he's speaking like, you know, it's a bit like a side.
You know what that's having? Exactly. You can act well. Yeah, that kind of crap.
Exactly. All right, let's have a few weekends. And back to you. Thanks for that.
Tell you what to get. No, Luis Miguel. He couldn't lick the
Wises. Correct him. I bet you he'd sure give it a shot.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I hear the two of them are pretty tight.
Is whatever. No, seriously, they're good buddies. They're tight. And they're good buddies too.
WQ I am. I knew how it is. Neil George speaking. Oh, okay.
Because I'll meet another radio. I'm calling because I'm one of those football fans.
You're not a draft Nick. The warrior. Man, well, I enjoy it. I really, I don't know you don't know you don't know you.
No, sir. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. No, wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Well, not so now. I'll give you plenty of time. Stop trying to kid yourself. Okay.
I admit admit that you get sucked into what they're, how could you enjoy it? What's there to enjoy?
I want to figure out why I've explained to you, but I just get excited because you don't know who they're going to pick.
It's an excitement. It's a adrenaline rush. I don't even get drunk. I just spit a little weed.
If you went into the airport, you know, into like one of the gates, the gate areas of the airport.
You sat there and there were a bunch of people around with their finger up in the air.
And you're not knowing which nostril they were going to pick. I mean, is that exciting?
Let me ask you a question. If these young men, what do they mean?
Young men have of our bunch of gangsters these young men.
If these young men were going to be drafted not under Kelles, what are their sizes or their penises?
You'd then would like it. I would not. I don't care.
If you're something, there aren't any of those young men who are going to be drafted.
Those penises I care about in the least bit.
Just because you don't like it, and you don't have any interest.
Don't not people down that, that that.
So no, that, that, that, that.
I don't, that's the only way you're telling me what I should say.
I'm telling you because you're rude and obnoxious and it's obvious you're one of those draft nicks.
You're an idiot.
And you gotta throw a little homophobic shot in there too. I don't care about the size of their penis
I'm not a size queen, okay? I don't care
Now Tommy Brady from Michigan if he was gonna be sitting there naked
I might take a peek although quite frankly a flaccid penis doesn't get me the least bit around
Maybe you get excited about it
In fact, I can't think of any other reason that anybody would get excited about a bunch of dumb jocks
This guy probably wants to go back to school and try out for the wrestling team. Oh
Baguette fuck it in and hold it
Racco
Back it's lonely
He likes receive is better wise
Some people say that number eight is gay
You
Okay
Black Black. Black. Black. Black
I
America's team is world renowned
But is Troy Gay? I've heard some people say
In the heart of he goes down
Ackman
He goes down on his knees Ackman
I can't stop his frees Ackman
Don't lift him cosy like it from behind
What 14 is 5.60 QAM? So the nephew is lonely out there at the QAM van
That's where it goes, keep doing his day after day after day
Try to prove a point, why you prove the point? Nobody wants that crap
The QAM van is in the Toys Air Force parking lot
North East 167th Street at 6th Avenue in North Mining Beach
Right across from Krispy Kreme Donuts
From now until the moon falls out of the sky
He's got Marlins family Sunday ticket packs including tickets to the big game
The Marlins and the Phillies in the horrendous teams
With certificates for Fee Beverages in Entrance, QAM bumper stickers keychains
And we can pass into this weekend's American racing league auto racing at the home of the Motorsports complex
Those are not a really moving neighborhood
Yeah right
Oh yeah they'd be racing and baby
They'd be driving it right now as you speak
I mean you know just keep so anyway this guy they called before
I hate to break the news to you
But Airy sports personally the acceptance of Josh Friedman who's not a sports person
He's just a fat female old clown
Everybody around here agrees that use and draft nicks are nerds
You're a bunch of nerds
And the fact that this guy would think about sitting around watching a bunch of naked football players
And who's got the biggest penis
You see I hate to break the news to you sir but being the number one hockey fan in South Florida
Every year they have the NHL draft
And since they're like for whatever reason more clean cut
And like tend to be a lot more white guys
There's a lot of really good looking young guys that gets drafted in the NHL
It's on the CBC the whole thing
They're just as obsessed with as you footballer
Do I watch it?
No
Do I watch one minute of it?
No
But you see always have to turn it around
And the thing you don't understand sir is that the sports bags are the one watching the NFL draft
The real men they got a life
They got something to do on that Saturday
They're not sitting around in front of their TV set watching some dumb jock from East Aliquipa
Higher some goddamn place who just got drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals or somebody
Nobody cares
Nobody with a brain gives a crap
I mean we're talking about the lifeless
I mean absolutely, positively lifeless
People that should have it branded on her forehead
Everywhere they go
Every time they get out of bed
Every time they walk outside the house you'll be branded on their ass
I have no life
Right
Truth and packaging
With your NFL draft you jackass
Oh I really care of these young men
Yeah right
I think you care a little bit too much about young men sir
WQAM
Yeah Neil
Yes sir
You know I have the solution to the hockey problem
Football problems all we need to do is bring in done qually home
Okay WQAM hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir
Don't let the QAM van leave I'm on my way over there
Listen don't we have that
Now what are you gonna get you gonna get those motor speed at the car racing crap?
Yeah I think I will
Great excellent
Listen
They won't leave now they'll stay there forever
I'll be the first white guy to show up
Okay
Thank you Neil
Okay stop a crispy cream too while you're at it
Yes he didn't want to stand at the change in hood
We don't have no people over there listening in that part of the town
Out of their minds or what?
Yes
Go over there some white folks I mean we got some brothers out there and some bros and suppose but and suppose
WQAM
Oh yes sir
Of course please
Okay do you hang on Georgia down a few minutes
WQAM
Yeah I'd like to speak to Neil
Speaking
Neil
Yes sir
Name the restaurant you're thinking of
Egan Jew
Egan Jew right that's where that Chinese guy was right you're right
Right
That's the one with four lottery right
Right correct cross for crispy cream
Yeah
And that's the one in North Miami Beach
No Egan you restaurant
Is it cross from
Crispy cream the one thirty years ago you ate it
In North Miami Beach
No
There's a crispy cream in four lottery
Yeah right there's federal highway
Fine I'm even I never even noticed that
Well I can't be right over I'm going up right now
Candy pets stuff
Damn it
Damn it
Oh do I love that
Hmm
See that Dunkin Donuts stuff is in a world of time
That doesn't tempt me in least bit
Boring
It's like vanilla ice cream
Oh now you're going to tell me you're in the Dunkin Donuts
Not the donuts but they're bagel sandwiches that they've been bringing up
I don't like bagels they give me a headache
I can eat anything with yeast
It gives me a bad bad headache
And not only that we eat in bagels for that
That's a huge sandwich
That's what Timidine said that's Jew food Mr
Yeah
What you doing?
WQAM?
So we have soup for shopper
See her brain
WQAM
Oh no no no no no me
I'm eating soup
WQAM
Hello Mia
Yes
Yeah I'm the poll you took earlier today or my vote goes for
Most boring has got to be watching the draft
You know I would rather listen to Spring Training baseball on radio
than watch the draft
Can you rather die then listen to the exhibition baseball?
Exactly
And the other thing is I am on my way
I've got a client on 160 third and six
and I'm definitely going to stop by and take advantage of something
Okay they're going nowhere
And one other thing
The guy that's living in the trailer park trying to save money driving the $50,000 BMW
going to Panther game
and out with his kid at 100 bucks a pop
If he wants to move into a house sell the BMW or start
go to Moreland games at $4 to get the house
What a concept
Okay see
Maybe he lives in his car
I don't know it was good enough for Johnny Depp look what happened to him
Johnny Depp what a shame how he forgot about us turned his backs on all his friends
Little punk from Hellen day little scrawny punk
Remember he was in the first Friday the 13th movie
Johnny Depp that's the first time ever saw him
And he was lying there in bed and just all of a sudden shot right through the ceiling
Squirt Squirt
I was on the one
Huh?
Remember that?
He squirted right through the ceiling
Squirt Squirt
That's Johnny Depp
Wow
Man
Now I was impressed by that
I don't care about your goddamn football draft but that Squirt Squirt
Did it for me
Then we hit him there on Zeta that one morning he had that motorcycle jacket on
I had my armor on him we took pictures
I had my armor on Johnny Depp
But one chance I had my life
Blu-it
Not
WQAN
Dale?
Yes sir
Get rid of the Murray's
Brothers, NAM
WQAN
Hi Neil, good afternoon
Yes sir
Long time Cornus and a recent
That's another Cornus
And a recent though, Tretler Dweller
Thank you for bringing that Cornus back
I can slip my end of the mind
Listen tell your good old buddy a Jorge over there
There ain't no tubins in Western Carolina
There are no tubins on that sir
Oh yeah
Don't get lost
I was in Maggie Valley and I'll tell you what
There wasn't even a cap of
Caffeine Lachia available
They got two whole mountains bought up now
Well let me just put it to you like this
No don't put it to me at all
That's what you got to do
Okay hold on sir
Hold on you can argue with your Chubby out of 130
Okay I'm getting bailin out of here early today
Cause I'm getting out of this town
Although I gotta like
Oh geez
Why did I hit that
See this is not good
I'm in a hurry
I don't have time to be
Again two days in a row I'm taking a
God
It's a waste of time
I'm getting important things to do
I can't hang up
I was gonna put him on hold for you
I want to build up a bunch of call here
W-Q-A-N
Is Brad Cramer available?
Oh this guy went to school with Brad Cramer no doubt
I'm available for what
For you I don't think so
Not his time
He might whip you into shape though
He's good with the whip
W-Q-A-N
I'll go to you
Yes sir
That place at the right there
Tori's rough
That's across three from the ham and eggery
That's what the guy just said
Oh did he?
Now this guy's trying to
Oh no the egg in you is the 104
Lotter of ham and eggery
The toys was right about that
That's the one right next to a crispy cream
Yeah
That's not across the street from it
It's right next to it
It's on the same side
It's on the north side of the street
Right the uh yeah
Yeah it puts the creams right next door
Right
And across the street where they're at
Right
I wish I could get down
They're over there by toys B-Us
We be toys
Right, toys B-Us
We be toys
Okay buddy
Okay good luck to you
Yeah they're not doing too much of a
Land office business over there by We be toys
Because we need not listen to that station
Try to pick a place where there's some white people next time
Okay or maybe even some Cubans
WQBA
Hi Neil
Yes sir
I say we bring back
Apparently the permanent being
Yeah there you go
April 26th, Monday the 26th they're coming back
WQA am hello
Neil
Yes sir
Question
Yes
I come here and go over doesn't have any children
Call him up and ask him
Okay in fact you might be surprised
He might be the Evander Holyfield of sports casting
He might have kids in every port for all we know
Call him up and ask him
Spineless coward
WQA am
I think I go low
And by the way I don't think hookers make babies anyway
Do they?
Huh?
I thought sure Hank would be proud to tell you
See he's not over
He's like most of us Jews
We're not busy running around over
We're a produce and making too many babies, okay?
Especially Jews like me, I'm not making any babies
WQA am
Going once
Going twice
The big chance it's start him
Stand Major's cat
Hahaha
Oh oh
By the way what happened with Capriola that we haven't heard from him
He's back in town and we heard from Captain Dave
No
Good
Let's keep it that way, okay?
Yeah
I am a lips
Had Dine
You're listening to the most upright guy I know
George God
Oh he's a little guy kind of funny looking
First there was dangerously aes on it
The movie about power, sex and seduction
Now from Hollywood
Hi I'm Mr. Hudson you who?
Why meets boy
Hi my name is Mark I just wanted to say I love you boy
Void loses boy
Mr. Hudson please come back just for a minute maybe we can have a drink
Boy gets millions in lawsuit
I swear a judge he never once told me never ever ever have a Christian
Stires
In a new movie found a rock Hollywood
Dangerous lesions
Say is that a cold sword?
Dangerous lesions
Putting the worry back in being close
13560 WQA am it's the George killing another half hour while Neil goes to the airport
Again this is getting to be a regular thing on the Friday which works out for you because you get to plug your show to an audience
That won't be listening at 6 a.m. on Saturday morning but nevertheless whatever you know every little bit we can help joke has
Stella so I played the dangerous lesions we'll talk to you about your show in a second here
Don't distract him see Joe is a part of this show here you know not like you guys on the hang show just kidding
Josh is in there
Clarence
We'd like to involve our producers on this show but we're only talking about how canna Reeves sucks how bad he sucks and how he blows in a second
We want I want two kinds of calls I want somebody that will call and ruin matrix for the entire audience
Which is something that we normally don't like to do on talk shows is ruin movies for people but in canna Reeves case
Canna Reeves
David spade and Robert Downey Jr.
Any movies that those are in I eagerly invite people to call up and ruin the ending of the movies so that no one will go and see those people
Here's some people that I want to see at gas stations pumping gas so I have no business up on the screen
So we're going to talk about how canna Reeves blows and what he's doing up there ruining movies perfectly good movies
Perfectly good special effects budgets like the matrix and I'll get into the story in a second
So I want people to ruin the matrix and also I want some people to call up and tell me what I can go see this weekend with some friends and the wife
Because I haven't been looking at the paper I mean I guess I could go out and buy one but I don't know what's good and I hate going to the movie anymore to the movies
Because it caused so much goddamn money and everything sucks lately
When was the last time you went to a movie to theater I mean and really went that felt that you got your money's worth
I mean the last time was return of the Jedi the new return of the Jedi and again because it was the movie experience
And it was the movie that I knew I was going to like because I'd only seen it 20 times
And we had the theater all the way ourselves and it was nice and it was a California club T.H.X. very nice
But I got a can't stop coughing
I can't remember the last time I actually spent some bucks I just ate one as a matter of fact I really got to take some screaming crap after this because that has sorbitol on it
I'm clenching my butt cheeks even as we speak
So cannery sucks ruin the matrix tell me what we can go see this weekend
The wife suggested maybe job break the big poster that's in there have you what you're groaning have you seen it?
Have you heard anything about it?
I heard it was stupid. You heard it was better. I heard that's more than I've heard about it.
A lot of hot chicks that's what's the name of the Rebecca DeHart get naked.
Gorgeous. Okay. That's the question.
I know it. I know it. I never had so she probably won't so I want answers to that question
But first of all some real old business for the cracker that called about there's no Keyblins in North Carolina.
You're wrong and by the way and even my relatives the first group of relatives of mine to come over here settled in Winston Salem, North Carolina by the way.
Have a very nice house there. If you want to know where you can go to get away from the Cubans or China I suggest China.
That's where you can go to get away from the Cubans my redneck friend.
No, no, cafeteria. No, they're not up there doing business. They're up there retiring and they have summer homes like I do.
So if you don't want to believe it to to goddamn bad but little by little you know the Cuban creep the Cuban creeping in everywhere so you know he might call back.
But I hope not because I want to talk about Kiana and how he sucks.
There's proof. I guess I should set the story up first. My friend called me last night.
And with good news he's actually met some young girl this time he's not going out with some older married woman with a hundred kids.
For once in his freaking life he's going out with someone who I think is relatively close to his age and wants you know wants her to meet us his friends.
Hey you want to go see a movie blah blah blah sounds great what what is what do you want to go see and he says that she suggested the matrix and immediately all of my muscles tensed and
and I got aching pains and all my joints because of the matrix to talk about again a waste of a really good special effects budget the previews that the trailer that we're all seeing looks pretty snazzy.
I've heard that it's a great movie.
Well all right but see I I can't the last time that I sat through and they fooled me with Johnny min monic.
There again love the genre like all the science fiction I'll go see a science fiction movie just on the off chance that it might be good there might be some special effects there and thank God I didn't spend my money to go see that in the theater I saw it for free on cable.
But once again you can't enjoy a movie if Keanu was walking around and it trying to act like Ted that was the only thing that he was good because he is Ted he was Ted right of Bill and Ted that was him that's how he got started they wanted a couple of surf or dudes one was an actor and the other one they obviously found on the street
or in a gay club or something like that or just you know too cheap to own a surfboard so he's probably a surfer wannabe sitting on the beach and his beauty shorts going to do that.
That was the only thing that he could play accurately because that's him and that's all he is in every movie that he's ever been in like dangerous lesions dangerous liaisons you never saw that because you don't see any movie.
But that was the movie they made two movies with practically the same script it was the exact same story both period pieces both the identical script different cast and different directors one a stink and dirt dangerous liaisons with Glenn close as the Ojanis provocateurs weaver of romantic web woman and John Malchovich as the lady killing guy John Malchovich as a lady killer are you buying that I mean he's a great actor.
But as a lady killer some role man take lead I don't think so and and Kiano as the young innocent guy who's getting you know caught up in the web and Michelle fight for a new methromer umathromer was supposed to be playing an innocent virginal type now Uma is cute we all agree but you know an innocent virgin type that was raised in a convent I don't think so there and then we have Valmont Valmont same movie same script practically totally different cast with an event as the
weaver of the romantic webs that's believable that you know the pulling all of the male strings Colin Firth who I you know I've seen him in a couple of things not much better looking than John Malchovich but a little bit better looking Henry Thomas the E.T. Kid thank you honey thank you the wife knows everything Henry Thomas as the innocent little guy who's really good with a sword and for Ruse a bulk as the virgin who was raised in the convent this is before she got all tattooed and pierced and pumped out so she was very believable she that was like right on the back of the head.
She was on the heels of the returned to us thing that she did when she still looked really innocent and everything like that Valmont great movie dangerously a zon a stinkin turd different cast different directors and Kiano the stinkin is turd of them all so ruin matrix for me what can I go see this weekend because I have no idea I haven't bought a paper and even then I don't know what's good and and if my friends girlfriend is listening I'm sorry I told him oh geez now we're going to think she's going to think that we're snob because we refused the wife outright refused we fused and I said that's not good enough
you know I'll go but this is you understand that you're caching in your once in a lifetime big big favor like my other friend did by causing me to go into a Catholic church to be a part of his wedding like that's it that's your big favor the big big favor of my life for you is I will actually walk into a Catholic church for you to be a part of your wedding and even though his wife's are not to be a cheat and horror anyway 23 till 560 WQAM that's it you have to stop
and many drivers and I don't turn you back she'll bother you to death as you'll do back and even got a time
prep or in life he dated her one time she thought she was a fly she wears your clothes for your gone watch this you please you think it's casual but her feeling 13 that
is a driver but not a 15 till 2560 WQAM Joe what are you going to have on tomorrow tomorrow morning on motor sports Saturday we will have star of the Winston Cup series
Joe Neema check he drives the number 42 Bell South Chevrolet uh-huh we'll also have a guy on who does the Nyra series it's an import only drag racing series
they'll be having a race this weekend and you know it's for Japanese cars Porsche he's going to be talking about his series and how anyone out there with a I hear you
anyone out there with an import car can actually go race this weekend if they would like for some big bucks and we're also working on having Richard Petty's grandson Adam Petty on the show but that might happen next week
okay thank you very much and thank you taking care of some business not going down some business here before we ruin matrix for everyone and I find out what I need to go see this weekend
and my friends I mean right out of the box my friends new girlfriend is going to think that we suck because we're not going to go see the matrix which sorry can't get past that he had a thing
but just spoke to Eric yesterday he's got some new due dad that copies bits onto his computer really quickly because I sent him some mini disc
and it was going really slow getting the bits on the website because he had to do them like individually or something like that but now he's got some sort of a mass production thing going on I'm not going to be able to send you anything today Eric got too much going on Eric good guy but I can't spend as much time on the website as I can on the show
needless to say not to mention my life so the bits are going to be showing up more frequently and also coming soon as soon as we can get penis to bring a digital camera in here
we're going to get pictures of Shannon on the intern Shannon on the website modeling both the Neil Roger shirts and also after after much agonizing and and racking my brain we figured out what to do with a couple of meals really nice embroidered suede Yamacas
Shannon I've invented a new way to wear Yamacas and we're going to get those pictures on there too once again sometimes next week we'll have the photo session as soon as penis remember to bring his camera
it doesn't matter if she doesn't bring the shirt we the Yamacas are here so this is I'm just I want to plug the website Neil Rogers dot com because Eric has always been on a shape that the old man doesn't plug it enough because the course out of sight out of mind and how often does he go to that thing which you know not not often I can guarantee you 16 till to 560 WQ I am hello hey I talk to George yes hello yes I can George OK hello yeah yeah I can George all right thank you very much for the time I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George I'm going to talk to George
George I'm going to talk to George
you know was was angry and normally i would be torn but i was angry because
i can't
go see i'd
i told you i fell into that trap with johnny mnemonic
and again i thought all this is just you know all tolerate cano
maybe it'll be a good special effects movie and i understand and everyone told
me that the special effects are really great but nevertheless so how did it
end
what's that how did it end
uh...
spoil it ruined it for everyone i can't do it all you thought come on bob i hate
you bob
q a m hello
i do all right
i like it so i think it's first time i went home with actually
to uh... by sixty program at home uh... don't tell anybody
don't take it uh... i'm happy we can have american and uh...
away from the world's back to really
well talk about self-hating uh... someone blank
i'm a parent in the book and i think it's okay
what's on you so did you see uh...
the matrix
no
i was at it you're just calling say uh... hi how you doing
and great you're okay thank you very much i had a good
fourteen so to and q i am
q i am hello
hello
never mind
q i m hello
hi George yes sir
good afternoon
did i understand from a previous call that uh...
you read uh... go up to the car line isn't
i have a i have a house there and uh... we go every chance we got
great for you on property here what is it
you want property up there
yes i did
with county and uh... whatever
i'm uh... halfway between bug personal possible
now just getting where
it doesn't exist
all seriousness and it's all the end the real answer is almost a twenty is the
fake answer
uh... where the houses is uh... equidistant in between west jeferson
and spot a north carolina to the east and west
a four mile south of mouth of wilson virginia in just north of crumpler
also you're up in the northwest corner
uh... yes
we're right as a matter of fact you have to like swing into virginia to get to
our house that we know it actually goes through virginia then comes back in
at the middle of nowhere up on the side of the mountain about half an hour
from the new rich parkway
yeah
are you going up this summer
as you better believe it every chance we get
we just got back from uh... the ashtray
so they are ashtray beautiful area although it's a little bit too populous for
what i want to achieve when i go up there right now that i want to get out of
the garden is great the
smoking out national park is great
but i like to uh... be in the middle of the woods with the one around me and
that's where we're at well that's what we got it there and uh... i mean i use
that
yeah absolutely i use that for a general location but we're right actually
color we you've heard of color we yeah
western carolina university and we're about two miles up the hill
long as i've the river and put in four by four and had on up to the mountain
there you go beautiful country and i can't wait to take me at my four-run
rough there i usually drove up in a camera and i would just leave bits and
pieces of it all the way up the road
you know single-lane bulldoze mountain road forty-five degree angle that kind of
thing
treacherous
anyway thank you very much sir
are you closing yes if i may
so i've been going on the monique but i can't okay
thank you very much
i'll translate after the show that's an inside
q.a.m. hello
what white through yonder window break what for suit thou art
thou art that was that was that was kiano and uh... dangerously a's on the cat
who cast him for that
how dare it thou dissonance me on the air dude
yeah
i'm telling you what i mean point break was a real strict for me that
yeah
that's a sharp
anyway i just want to share that with you and i have one question for you
okay i understand you come from Montana
i spent seven years there my uh... formative years my teenage years
alright my wife is listening to you right now yes
she wants to move out there yes what's stopping you
uh... that listen
i hate to be called as long as it's the western third that's where the
mountains are
the eastern two thirds is flat scrubland that's really cold
all the truth if you're moving to the rockies yeah that's that's god's
country that's you know big trees big bear and the mountains really do
shield a lot of the arctic blasts oh yeah
yeah see that's just that she like you saw fargo
yeah that that was the end of the winter is in fargo when there are no
mountains to protect you from the wind
is
is rubble
when you live up in the mountains like that or in the valleys uh... and shrouded by
the rocky mountains
yeah you don't get those high winds
seriously seriously
okay i think she then uh... then she's not selling the bag of bs
no it's beautiful beautiful country i'm not you know it will get cold
there's no question it will of course but
you know you got a balance it out if i don't know we got the weather here but we
also have a lot of money yet
yeah it's the wind show that kills me now it's right no long as the wind is not
too bad i can deal with it not not high wind unless you're out in the open
or up on top of the mountain if you're in the valley right in a valley town
you're just fine all right all right there you go and it's time to take
breaks still no one has ruined matrix for the audience and no one has told me
what we need to go see this weekend ten till two on q a a
