4th radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neal Roger Show.
It goes on the cake and by the way.
560, 10, 560.
He's got a lot of green in his hand.
He's got to get another divorce.
560 and your cell phone.
The opinions of Neal, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show
to not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
Easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560.
U-A-M. Why are you airing shit like this?
I'm the type of guy with a big squish head.
Oh!
I went off my bike except the ones who did.
Yes, I'm the type of guy who pounded my stick and showed him that he's yours.
And it's boxing with his face.
I'm the type of guy who always inserts.
I show Carl Williams that the tooth can really hurt.
You're the type of guy that thinks that I'm a bomb.
So I just said to you that you are U-S-E-Dump.
I'm the type of guy with my leaving and my bobbin.
I only lost 25 and there's a picture's name with Robin.
I'm the type of guy who makes the people laugh and put the man down.
You know, minute and a half.
I'm the type of guy who makes the people stare just because I can't see.
And keep all my chagging donkeys hair.
I'm the type of guy and the public just attack me.
And if you don't believe it, then you had better ask me.
I'm the type of guy that's what I'm giving to you.
What you get what?
I'm the type of guy who's probably keeping the stuff around.
She code what?
Yes, I'm the type of guy next by coming to my place.
I'm gonna keep you going as I'm the type of guy.
Don't listen to me.
I'm the type of guy.
All right, that was the big news of the weekend, baby.
The best news I've heard in a long time.
Good old iron mic back in the slammer again.
Although, could get out today on bail.
Could get out for a little while.
Of course, if he gets out on bail, they have to have a trial in which case they might give him like 20 years.
Just a little bit of a problem of solving two motorists after a traffic accident in Rockville, Maryland.
Just a little minor teeny-weeny problem.
And you know something, there are people in this audience.
People in this country who continue subsidizing scumbag human walking crap.
Yeah.
With his bum of the month, bum of the whatever it is, bum every six weeks.
And they welcome him back at the NGM Grand and Vegas released they did.
In spite of all the crap that happened there last year.
Because he's a money maggot because there are assholes out there.
There's just something about him.
There are people I think who like scumb.
You know what?
There are people who gravitate to scumb.
In fact, maybe some of the dumb and scumb kind of rhyme.
Like some of the really dumb sports nerds.
Speaking of sports nerds, by the way, Eugene.
Eugene Robinson says, I cannot take the award because I'd be bad.
And he gave the Bart Star award back.
So my ticin goes to jail.
Eugene gets a refund of the Bart Star award because he's a scumbag.
He's a piece of walking crap.
Yeah, on two legs.
And there you go.
So a good weekend for the human race.
Except of course for all that Monica crap.
Although it's interesting, there's a line.
I never realized that she enticed that anything in common.
Because in the November issue of Playboy magazine, the interview with Mike Tyson,
he said, I know I'm going to blow someday.
And I'm sure as a young girl Monica probably was picking the same thing, huh?
She knew she was going to blow.
Squirt, Squirt someday.
Greatest story though of the weekend to show you about, well, I got all these other religious stories.
All these religious nuts.
Just remember if they're religious, they're crazy.
Just keep that in mind, boys and girls.
The more religious they are, the crazier they are.
Just, you know, matter of degree.
If they're like a nine on the Richter scale of a religionist, then they were nine times crazy.
Then just your ordinary pedestrian, you know.
Drive to survive, you old Y2K friendsy.
See this?
Oh yeah.
And what a shock that it's a bunch of religious wackos that are in the forefront of all of this.
Many in rush to prepare for the new dark age.
Oh come on, they're not reproducing that fast.
Many in rush to prepare for the new dark age it says, this is the best.
This is absolutely unfreaking believable.
Let me say it again.
Oh, and by the way, depots on vacation this week, why do they have to continue doing that?
I'm coming to work this morning and as soon as I heard that, my radio went in the off position.
About depots going through another, a, a, a, a, a, personal, he's on vacation this week.
Nobody on our morning show on the worst team could ever go on vacation without some silly, made up, idiotic story.
He's in the gambling rehab and this one is, got syphilis.
Some, you know, he's on vacation this week.
Just trying to simplify your lives.
Those sports there's the big crossover we have on morning show.
All four of you.
Depots on vacation.
But I guess maybe they figure that, you know, the sports nerd is so juvenile and have no life whatsoever with that.
They have to deal with him on that kind of level.
Drive to survive.
You will.
Why 2k friends.
The 65 people sit in rapt attention and North Miami Churches.
The speaker tells them they'll need more than party hats for the 2000 new year.
Let me again try to simplify for you.
Okay.
When today ends at midnight, it will be February 9th, 1999.
When the last day of each month ends at midnight, it becomes the next month.
When December 31st ends each year on a calendar, which we invented, it becomes the first of January in the next year.
It doesn't make any difference.
Whether it's the year 25, 25, 2000, 1500, 1900.
Are you following this?
No, I didn't think so.
Is it really that difficult to understand?
Plains will be falling out of the sky.
Now let me ask you this question.
Every time you go into your car, you put the key in ignition and you start the engine of your car.
On the computer, because most of the new cars have a computer.
On the computer, is there anything in there about the date?
No.
The day.
In other words, if it did have something about the date, the day and the year.
And it was wrong.
Does that mean that your car wouldn't start?
No.
No.
Huh? No, seriously, you're laughing, but it's the same mentality.
Plains will be falling out of the sky.
Plains schedules all over the world will be all screwed up.
Well, you know all technology has an expiration date, right?
In fact, many, you know, I do all this flying all over the world.
And the worst thing that ever happened to me is when the pilot said to the co-captan one time,
Hey, is this the right date on here?
No.
Oh boy, here we go.
I started doing hail marries.
I was doing ruchas.
I was repeating my bar mitzvamofti, whatever I could remember.
I was rubbing booed on his head.
And anything I could do.
Because it was the wrong day and date.
I mean, we're talking people that are so, and they're starting a frenzy.
That's the worst part.
Yeah.
Here, no, it's not great because I'm going to tell you, as the year gets closer to the end,
you're going to go in your supermarket.
It's going to be like the Brian Norcross effect.
Every time there's a hurricane within 10,000 miles.
Oh, you better run to your store and you better get all the bottled water
and you better stock up on canned goods and toilet paper.
Here's a picture of Virginia Booker buying case lots of canned goods
and case computer failures disrupt the supply next year.
Oh, this is the great, I may read this whole story from yesterday's hero.
This is the greatest story in the history of the human-frick and race.
You will need a few basic things, as Lee Stevens,
like Timberland hiking boots, because with no gasoline available,
you'll need sturdy shoes and sleeping bags because winter is in mind.
You can get chilly without electricity.
You won't have any gasoline.
Because when you go to the, when you pull into a mobile station
and you know, you put your credit card in there,
well, see the credit card's got a date on it.
All the most of them don't expire like, you know, on an even year.
But don't complicate this. That's no fun.
Or even if you go inside and pay cash, come for a bit, for your gas.
And you go out to the pump and you stick that thing in your gas tank.
And guess what? Because it's January 1st, the 2000,
it might just, there be no gas.
Is what this Lee Stevens says, no gasoline available.
You'll need sturdy shoes.
And this is only the beginning.
This is in a North Miami church.
The new testament Baptist church.
And this is one of many services being held all over the country.
And it's only the, what is it yesterday was the 7th of February.
So we got a long, long way to go, almost 11 months ago.
But they're getting ready now. That's the way we like it.
Be prepared. Like the Italian of Boy Scouts, always be prepared.
Too bad they don't tell you that in the Catholic church.
They don't fact in the church.
Probably for the same reason they tell you that in the Boy Scouts.
Be prepared.
Well, by the way, how about that story on that CNN show last night
at the news magazine at 10 o'clock, whatever they call it, show.
But all those US pedophiles just lepping down into Central America.
Took her hours with little kids.
Did you see that?
For what to mind, somebody I can think of, which I don't want to mention, no names.
And everyone, he probably, you know, likes those young girls in Costa Rica.
But they're probably close to a legal age, aren't they?
No.
Close enough.
Well, they look mature for their age.
No.
No.
I don't want to mention no names because I want to get that job done.
But at any rate, a man with a flannel shirt and a gray ponytail yells out,
you'll need a sleeping bag because you won't want to sleep in your bed with looters everywhere.
That's where you're going to have to take like, what was the movie Omega Man with Charlton Heston?
Newton Thombie's baby.
And of course, that's why Charlton.
That was when he first became obsessed with guns.
You son of a bitch.
That's right.
Because when you're the last one, you got your sleeping bag and, you know,
a couple of cans of beer, a couple of cans of spam.
That's why you need lots of guns to protect yourselves from all those looters who want to steal whatever little crap you got.
Now, this Lee Stevens is a Christian radio commonsator.
He thanks demand for the Y2K Preparedness Dip and Continues.
Don't forget candles and kerosene landards for those dark nights without electricity.
Because we know that FB and L, once we change from one year to the next,
or one day to the next, FBL's got real serious problems, don't they?
No.
No, keep it up. Don't they have problems?
No.
See where I live in the acres just on an ordinary sunny day when it's killer isn't changing.
The power goes out just for the hell of it just to keep you on your toes.
So you have to reset the VCRs and the satellite dishes and everything else.
Like yesterday, right in the middle of the day.
There you go.
Must have been that vulture that was flying over the house, huh?
Yes.
Oh, this is good stuff.
This is the best.
As we see, if you had any doubts in your mind before about the crazy religious people,
now could there possibly be any doubts about that when we see all this?
So why 2K Problem?
Maybe get ready for the dark age for the Armageddon to become an its coming, baby.
Is it coming?
Squirt, Squirt.
Come on down, my dad, I go on.
When you kiss the Candid star, no talking us too bizarre.
Anything he wants to, he can do to you.
Oi!
Drag you in for days on end.
Will your father wire your friends for his new young daughter's bills to you know?
Huh?
When he's through with all that little dot,
then he'll feel the pain of the dark and maybe body.
He won't stop until he installs.
Cleanse your head up from his wall,
when you feel sore and the star you're rollily through.
Monica says if you want to hear the good stuff,
you'll have to tune in to Bobbler Walters and buy the book,
is basically what you said.
Let's do a traffic report real quick.
Hello?
Hey, go Eugene.
Yes sir.
Tell these people, stay out of 95, one stop,
they're doing it inside, they're doing it in the middle.
I mean it's a parking lot here, guy.
Where is it?
Just coming up my shirt, I'm going to stop, towards Miami.
We have people running at the median strips,
there's cops, I don't know what's going on, I'm trying to get off myself.
Okay, thank you sir.
You got plus Eugene.
Okay.
Okay, he's trying to get off, maybe that's why they are all stopping.
So anyway, getting back to this,
nothing, when we talk about, which we do a lot on the show,
thank God, thanks.
Thank God.
Right.
Because this isn't one of those bubble mice,
he shows like 99% and 9%% of what you hear in the media.
And I always refer to those very stupid,
stupid, stiches, stone age, people who wrote all this crap.
Oh, what a Bible says this, and the Bible says they are right.
In fact, to fill Graham,
that Yahoo, you notice how all of these, almost all of them are Southern Yahoo's?
These right-wing lunatics that are perpetuating this crap,
which thankfully is going to end by the end of this week, we thank God.
Oh, thank God, the pain, you can almost be happy, the pain will be over.
Yeah, he says the constitution is almost like the Bible.
You can't change it, you can't necessarily change it.
You can't necessarily change it.
Of course, the Bible, like I've told you for years,
was written by incredibly ignorant, uninformed, superstitious dumb.
I mean, dumb is compared to today's people,
which is saying unbelievable amounts.
By the way, and thank God we're stopping that ethnic cleansing in Kosovo.
Not? No, we're not.
Every time you turn on the news again,
here's more bodies and more bodies and more people crying.
Well, you know, we're going to do something about this,
because remember, we said never again, right?
Didn't we say that? No. No.
Well, we said it, we just didn't mean it.
So, one thing, when a year 2000 comes,
there'll still be plenty of ethnic cleansing with supermarkets all over the world.
Because that's the kind of cleansing.
I mean, there are a lot of countries over there in Europe,
like in France.
They don't like to take a shower too often.
They don't bathe very frequently.
They don't like the older one, perfume.
They like selling, and they just don't like using it.
But the one cleansing that is big is ethnic cleansing.
So, when we're getting back to these superstitious folk,
here we have the same crap again, all over again.
Crazy, crazy, superstitious people all over the world.
Oh, I saw a sign. I saw the cloud.
Every now and then you'll see the thing where they show on TV,
where they're coming, they're schlepping thousands of people.
If it isn't the Virgin Mary on the side of the bank building,
it's we saw the face of Jesus in the clouds.
And of course, by the time you get there and you look up,
you, well, I don't know, that one's kind of drifting.
Well, you know, he works in mysterious ways.
He knows where his rectum used to be, et cetera, and so on.
But that was Jesus a few minutes ago, up there in the sky.
You believe it? No.
So, anyway, getting back to this tremendous story.
A woman with white hair in the back of the room in this New Testament Baptist Church asks,
how will we survive it?
And Lee Stevens says, you'll prepare.
And so it goes as to this meeting in New Testament Baptist Church,
one of any of you can have all over the country.
Some people prepare for the turn of the century,
and the year 2000 Y2K for short computer glitch.
The expected crisis stems from a shortcut taken by computer programmers years ago,
to save computer storage space, they use only two digits instead of four to represent a year.
Much the same way people do when writing the date on a check at the grocery store.
So, in January 1st 2000 arrives,
Oh my God.
Computers not reprogrammed could misfire by interpreting the year 2000 as 1900.
And of course, those planes back in 1900 weren't flying at 37,000 feet,
which means a lot of worry for those who doubt that everything will be fixed in time.
These were years of preparing some for a few days in convenience,
because of possible power outages.
Others for what they fear will be an irreversible plunge into the dark ages.
Oh my God.
As if we're not already there.
Especially here in South Florida.
An irreversible plunge into the dark ages.
Are we ready for it?
Ha ha ha.
Nervous people have begun stockpiling food, water, clothing, fuel, medicine,
and other essentials.
And by the way, lady called a minute ago to tell George that he sells a hundred generators
cannot keep them in stock.
It's only the 8th of February.
They can't keep them in stock because people, you know,
you got to beat everybody else to the punch.
It's like when we have the hurricane hysteria,
you got to be the first one online.
They're a publics and by seven air air be thing a bottle of water they got in the store.
Every world of toilet paper will get to the toilet paper by the way.
Gotta have lots and lots of...
Of course, if you're not going to be able to eat that much, I guess you won't be able to eat.
Absolutely correct sir.
That much either.
That was close.
Nervous people are advised on what to stock is readily available on hundreds of Internet sites offering advice on everything from beekeeping to water purification.
Well, how do you be keeping your bees after the, why 2K problem sets in?
We've had over 4 million hits on our sites as Michael Berkeley spoke to them for the Colorado-based Cassandra project,
named for the Greek goddess who was warning about disaster when unheeded.
What I tell you about the word geeks bearing a hysteria.
The Cassandra project offers advice for getting prepared for why 2K,
everything from stocking up on batteries to getting dogs,
which will be a great, great sources of heat.
Well, what are you going to be doing with those dogs?
I don't want to hear it.
Also great alarms if there are any problems in the night that dogs will be barking at brains out.
I got a little dog now, barks.
If somebody far, try to fight it.
10 blocks away.
Paloma O'Reilly Cassandra project founder also passes on disaster advice,
given from the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
Oh, by the way, Spirula, you see the EPA thing about six buildings on 60 minutes last night?
And which building were they doing a whole story about the EPA building in Washington?
The environment for the very building where they're supposed to be working on protecting the environment
is the sick building and people are suing and are swooning and they're puking just like this building.
Which by the way, we'll get to the side effects of Adelaide later on.
I got the PDR book.
Woo! If we got three or four hours for that, just to read the list.
Anyway, FEMA gives advice like if the electricity goes off,
first use perishable food and foods from the refrigerator, then use the foods from the freezer.
Why is the electricity going to go off?
Can you explain that to me while the electricity will go out?
Huh? The computers at FBNL are going to think, oh my god, it's 1900 again.
Well, if we would have had the electricity go on, which I guess we did in 1900?
Not AC. No ACDC, it was just at the end of the G90s.
But anyway, it says use of the information on the Y2K website to spy on the FEMA National Office in Washington, D.C.
One of our biggest messages has always been disaster preparedness.
So FEMA spokesman Mark Wilson, if Y2K gets our message across and prepares people for tornado,
as far as or whatever, then that's great.
In fact, a lot of agencies are jumping on the Y2K bandwagon because predictions help them get their messages across.
We don't want to wring a larbells all over this Y2K thing since American Red Cross spokesman Chris Thomas.
But who knows when there will be a hurricane or flood or a chemical spill, it's always better to be prepared as if that has something to do with this.
Does it have anything? No. No, I think so.
The American Red Cross recommends, now listen to this, the Red Cross recommends putting together a disaster supply kit that contains flashlights, extra batteries, portable radio,
of course, listen to this show, bottled water because we'll be writing a touch with everything that's going on in the world on this station, won't we?
Oh, yeah, well, have the sportscores anyway.
We got the dark ages, we were, what's the, what's the score at VMI game, huh?
Well, and what's the spread? What's the number on that game? Do we know?
No. Damn it.
Okay, extra batteries, portable radio, bottled water, canned food, canned opener, etc.
I guess if you're going to have canned food, canned opener is pretty good or sharp knife.
Local offices are selling first aid kits because there's going to be a lot of injuries, people knocking each other over any aisles over at the wherever the hell they're shopping.
The prepared Thomas says we can't be sure there won't be some disruption of power in other services with Y2K.
Can we?
Major utility, cities and county governments as well as major banks in South Florida and the federal reserve say they expect everything to be well under control, but
since they cannot guarantee there will be absolutely no problems, there is room for doubt and when it is room for doubt, then people love it.
Also, it is this doubt that was the premise of the North Miami meeting at this crazy church.
Here we go, wait till you hear this, one plantation woman said she had started stockpiling canned goods under her bed hiding them from her husband.
She has tucked away a year's supply of toilet paper in her attic after secretly, I want you to listen very carefully to this, after secretly dating new rules to gauge how quickly her family goes through one.
You follow this? In other words, to determine how much toilet paper the family is going to need for a year, she had to date the rules and keep track of how long, of course that all depends on how much they're eating, how much they eat.
Which by the way, since Thomas Krapper was the guy invented the toilet, doesn't that take all the negative meaning out of the word Krapper?
Yeah, what's wrong with that? It's just short for Krapper.
I mean, when you say I got to take a Krapper, you're not thinking about Thomas Krapper, are you?
Yes.
You are?
No, but seriously, so in other words, if you just stop and think about that, all these people that are uptight about words, not that this is a... I'll get back to this stuff.
This is good stuff.
This is great.
But just keep in mind, it was Thomas Krapper who invented the... and of course if he invented the toilet, he must have also invented the... Krapper.
Stockpile, Mr. Whipple is rubbing his hands together in Glee. You love this woman in plantation, though, that's some crazy lady. Probably no dot shops in my store.
1026 and 560 WQM, and of course you're going to need shoes, baby.
That's right.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
We're staying soon. Don't go out on your own.
Because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home.
Search all around, but you won't see a seat gate boat with a G-D-D.
When nothing's on pairs to the marvelous feelings of making butter patties stick to the ceiling, smoke it in the bathroom making out a novel, or hit in the fat kid with a speeding dodgeball.
Yeah, I remember that thing.
The throw of paper was with a fire alarm blow up the toilet with a cherry spawn, a die-second frog in biology class, find yourself a nerd and win the hit.
Well, you'll be a hit in chemistry when you make a class of bat-chivellis, be a start-up who flies, you milk out your nose, or when you go to school.
Search all around, but you won't see a seat gate boat with a G-D-D.
Search all around, but you won't see a seat gate boat with a G-D-D.
Oh, right.
32 at 5.60 WQM. Wait until you find out by the way, one of the things that this woman is stirring up to lady with a toilet paper, this is the best.
Because she may have to alter her predictions, may have to increase her supply a little bit.
She says it doesn't matter if you buy more than you need because you can always use it to barter.
It's a commodity you can trade for what you forgot to get, said the woman, who also stocked up on spices because all those beans she has saved for the crisis are going to be boring after a while.
She's stocking up on beans, which may throw her toilet paper estimate off, but it's in way off.
Yeah. She refuses to give her name because she's afraid it might put a revenge of looters who want to raid her stash after the new year.
She's even hiding the food from her husband. In other words, screw him.
I don't want to be perceived as a target, she said, I can't feed the whole world.
Most of the people at the meeting said they begun preparing as if the Y2K were hurricane.
Some said they were preparing for something worse, the end of civilization.
How do you like that?
They're preparing for the goddamn end of civilization as we know what I said.
I'm sorry, sorry.
Right. Don't panic, but by guns said the man who warned about looters be ready to defend your home.
Yeah, I told you that Charlton has something, man.
You son of a bitch.
You know, they shouldn't really get people to panic, but wouldn't it be great like New Year's Eve instead of the, instead of the Dick Clark show in the ball in timescraw.
Instead of that, we'll show the Omega man which Charlton has done on New Year's Eve this year.
There you go.
We don't want to plant any ideas or create any paranoia or civil unrest, but hey, look at that.
Steven's held up duct tape.
Comes in handy, he said.
He also held up little rectangles that looked like dendtine gum.
The hydrated watermelon for a balanced diet, he said.
For medicine, he suggested dried herbs, traditional medicines like antibiotics may not be available.
I mean, doesn't it make sense to you that if they're antibiotics in your drugstore on December 31st that the next day they'll just all vanish?
Does that make sense? Sure.
So I'll be gone.
They're just, you know, because the calendar is changing from 1999 to 2000.
They'll all be gone.
They will be taking any more either.
Well, of course not because they're equipment, I'll be busted down.
And actually all the vitamins, all the antibiotics that you buy in January 1st are manufactured on that day, aren't they?
No.
Well, oh, see, now you're starting to bring logic into this.
Sorry.
That takes all the fun out of this.
For vitamins, he recommended a little spray canister, squirt the vitus spray right on your tongue.
Gort, squirt to keep your immune system strong, he said.
This product was for sale in the back of the room at this church, by the way.
Of course, those church people, they know how to get a lot of good vitamin C.
Gort, squirt.
Next, at the Y2K Preparedness podium was Jack Heinz, the senior vice president for a city group subsidiary that sells insurance.
Get cash ahead of time, he said.
There will be a panic.
Not that he wants to create a, there will be a panic.
Oh!
The Federal Reserve already said they're advancing $150 billion into the system at the end of the year to try to stem it.
A spokeswoman for the Federal Reserve Board said that her office didn't expect a mad rush for extra money at the end of the year.
The Bureau of Printing and Graving is printing $50 billion extra.
In just in case people want some cash on hands, she said.
Some people will want more currency for what might be a minor disruption and that's fine.
A disruption in what?
A disruption in what?
You go to your bank, you give them a check.
Here, I want $200.
Here's the check, here's the money.
Is the money just all going to disappear from your bank overnight on New Year's Eve?
No.
No.
Unless of course there's a wild rush on cash, which is what these people are still in up at all this bullcrap.
Next up at the seminar was Jerome Herald, a Miami chiropractor.
He talked about water.
He said how you have to have it to live and how it might not be available at the Y2K glitch, shuts down the public water system.
Oh my God.
That's right.
He suggested ways to store it.
55 gallon drums from Hylia, empty avion bottles.
He held up a plastic pillowcase with a nozzle to show what he thought was a great idea.
Aquaflex emergency water containers, food grade plastic that folds up until you fill it with water.
If worse comes to worse, he said you can drink the water from the toilet.
When he said from the tank, not the bull people laughed nervously as like that.
Later, Bob Young, owner of Aquaflex Emergency Water Storage Company in Deltona, said he was amazed at how business was booming because of what he called Y2K frenzy.
He can barely keep distributors in stock with his water holding pillowcases, he said.
It's a crazy reaction, but like anybody else, I'm not going to say no to the opportunity to make some money, Young said.
Most of those gathered at the North Miami Y2K meeting said they planned to stockpile supplies because they trusted the small niggling doubts of agencies and corporations trying to stem the panic more than they did their optimistic assessments.
We're not trying to sugarcoat it, that FPL spokeswoman Bradley on any given night, there could be a power outage somewhere, especially if you're an FPL customer, Y2K or not, you said.
We're trying to be realistic and say people should take minimal precautions like what does Bradley plan to do at her own house.
I'm stocking in canned food, water and gas, she said. Nothing is too extreme.
This is the spokes bitch from FPL, attending this meeting of hysterical lunatics saying nothing is too extreme. I'm stocking up all this crap.
Not that they want to cause a panic, you understand. Not that they want to create like a wild one on the banks, running supermarkets and a battery to the water like Brian Northcross does at least four or five times a year, right?
Next time you have one of those discussions with somebody irrational about religion which is totally irrational and about the kind of people who lived in those days and those primitive idiotic days when every time there was like a ripple of thunder in the sky, every time there was a flash of lightning, oh my god, God is pissed off again, he's doing something again, he's sending us a message.
And here it is, it's almost the year 2000, thousands of years later before these ridiculous primitive bubble miceys were written and still we've got all these world's religions, most of them based on what was written by these primitive people and we still have crazy people running around predicting the end of civilization because the calendar is going to change.
Except of course for us Jews because we don't go by that calendar anyway, how do you like that?
How do you like that?
Oh, that's right.
And I didn't even push the button, God is right.
So that means you get a few extra months or...
So it goes to show you all you go out there, it's not too late to switch.
The Jews will be saved because we're on a different calendar.
But that only affect those Jewish computers, right?
Yeah.
Oh, that's right, if you've got a glacier computer, then you're a tourist, baby, you got real problems.
So guess what I got for sale?
Well, I don't have no computers yet, but I'm going to work on that.
But how about this collusion of beanies I got?
You may really not be Jewish, but the Lord may not be able to tell, you know?
I don't think you can be a close.
Of course you have to get a little bit out there, you have to get a little bit out there because you can smell that from a million miles away, which is probably where he is.
Millions of miles away.
Does he need that far away?
Yeah, he's far away.
But he can still sniff it out. He likes to achieve, but not that kind.
So close to Shoya, baby, if you want to survive the new year, if you want to survive the entrance into the next 24th century, you had better cut the crap.
And the four skin.
And try more cross-free.
And WCOM official information is getting from Hurricane John's.
Don't panic, get any water.
And run! Run!
We're going to die!
Run!
My sack is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearls.
I don't even have enough to fact us, world.
I try to seek riddles and technology, but it's don't get no bigger than a golf fee.
There's nothing I can do.
I only got a three inch two.
You'll be disappointed when we reach my house.
Because you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a mouse.
If you ain't no big Mac or like a happy meal, you'll get more satisfaction from your high heel.
You're where I was in the pool.
Because I only got a three inch two.
Sometimes that night I wonder if they will ever grow.
No.
Even with a metric rule, I only got a three inch two.
Tell them guys.
Yeah, you got a three inch two.
Oh, baby.
You got a three inch two.
Come here, honey.
You got a five inch two.
It's probably not quantity.
You got a three inch two.
I think I can only find a three inch two.
Head 46 at 560 WCOM, the headgoatvershow from Shula State 2 to a clock,
Vokester, briefly six, seven o'clock to pregame, 730 at night, the Panthers and the St. Louis Blues,
minus Grant Führer, who's having arthroscopic surgery on his knee,
minus Pavel Burrey, who twisted it and his knee too, just very slightly in the game the other night.
By the way, speaking of the Macarena, here's a very disturbing fact before we get back to the end of the world as we know it.
And what's going to happen all those ball games?
All those ball games in crap on New Year's Day.
Now we got something really to be concerned about.
This is the only way to get QA involved in the Y2K problem is to bring the sports element,
the sports panic element into it.
Like what's going to happen with all those ball games that we're going to have to carry?
Now what day of the year?
Do we have the calendar for next year?
I'm sure we do back there.
What day of the week does that fall on?
January 1st, 2000.
George is looking right now as we speak.
January 1st, 2000 falls on a...
On a Monday.
Oh boy, that's the worst of all possibilities.
You know why?
What?
Saturday.
It does business calendar.
Like I said, Saturday.
There was a business calendar.
So in other words, on the business day it falls on Monday.
But like on a monkey business, ordinary pedestrian calendar falls on Saturday.
Which is even worse.
On Shabbos, no less.
Sunday like that.
So something that, and of course all you orthodox use out there,
you're going to be able to go to Shul on that day.
No.
Of course not.
Because your tits are going to be...
And how are they going to be able to lay to fill it on that day?
Which, like I said, it's a equation new.
You're anyway, don't panic.
So here's the fact speaking to Macarena.
Debbie says she has something to say about the Billie Joel concert.
I know you don't care about him, which you're right.
I don't...
Debbie, I can't stand him.
But anyway, I had to voice my opinion of the so-called crowd that went to this concert at the Macarena.
You're absolutely correct in your opinion that these people are morons.
They gab about crap during the whole show and keep getting up and down during the show,
especially when he sang slow songs to get more beer and smoke.
How do you like that?
They were smoking it during the concert.
Come on.
They can't sit still and shut up and listen to what concert.
Debbie says she's used to singing shows up north into Lidelfie in New York
where people would highly enjoy the show, dance, and actually know who they were singing.
They didn't even clap these assholes and look like a bunch of deadbeats.
Why do they go?
I've been to a couple of honky games with my dad and experienced the same thing.
My dad and I really respect the game and don't crap around when we go.
It was the same, really upsetting thing and being that I'm a true Billie Joel fan
found it insulting and disappointing.
This was a gift for my parents a special night.
And I go to see them every time.
Anyway, as my father and I left the National Rectal Center,
we both thought of you and I told him I'd probably facts you about the situation and she did.
Well, thank you, Debbie.
Not only are the honky games a pain in the ass, not only because of the fans,
but because of all the problems inside like the role lights we can't see and the ice sucks.
And all the other things.
And now, of course, they've got to take the cup holders out of them.
They're up or both because people are scraping their knees and breaking their legs and et cetera.
In fact, probably there are 4,000 Panther fans that have the same injury as Paul Belberry right now,
but they injured theirs on the cup holders in the upper bowl.
But evidently, according to Debbie, even at the Billie Joel concert,
they said they're hawking and trying to, you know, if you listen to the conversation,
that's a bit like time at the blues game, which I'll be there, of course.
And I'm not talking about in between periods.
I'm talking about while the game is going on,
even during moments when there's actually something exciting going on up there.
And you listen to the conversation like these two guys, young guys.
I told you that because there's different people sit around all the time usually.
And they sat behind this one game.
And I noticed that they're talking about stuff that absolutely nothing new with the game.
And every now and then, I guess during a lull in their conversation,
the one guy would go, go, Panther, go, Panther.
And then they would go back to their conversation about who's got the bigger,
back to whatever they were talking about.
Well, that's what they were saying. Who's the bigger asshole?
And just like Debbie says, why, well, we already know why.
That's a social bad at something to do. They just are two...
I'm looking for the word. I'm trying to be generous.
What's a good word?
I mean, dumb. That's too simple.
Well, they are dumb. Many of them.
But they're just too shallow. That's a good word. They're too shallow, like a waiting pond.
To go and really get into whatever the act to whether it's a concert, whether it's a sporting event.
They're too goddamn shallow. They don't have any interest or any real concept of what it is they're watching anyway.
But somebody gave them the tickets or whatever.
And so they're there. It's something to do. Get them out of the house.
And Debbie, what you have to understand is they're there to be an impediment to our enjoyment of what the event is.
I dread the thing because you know something.
Since we've had the Panthers every year on New Year's Day, it's like a tradition.
They had that noon game usually against the Boston Bruins.
Or the ducks or something like that noon game on New Year's Day.
How they're going to have a hockey game on New Year's Day on January 1st, 2000?
How they're going to be able to print those tickets up?
No.
Is ticket master going to have to be able to sell the Panther Pack in the morning?
No.
Because when you get up on that morning, it's going to say January 1st, 1900.
And there wasn't even any National Hockey League in 1900.
How the hell is ticket master going to be able to sell tickets for again that's being played in the previous century?
In fact, how can the organization print them up?
Like maybe on a printing press?
No.
Come on.
No, and this is why you're laughing hysterically.
But every one of these hysterical reactions that people have are so embarrassing and so stupid and so idiotic.
I mean, like when you go to the ATM, let's suppose you're ATM at the bank.
Bank is closed, okay?
January 1st.
So holiday, it's New Year's Day. Bank is closed.
You go to the ATM plus it's Saturday anyway.
Most banks are closed.
You go there to get a hundred bucks cash.
You put your card in there.
And the bank computer hasn't been fixed.
Which of course they'll all be fixed by that time.
But nevertheless, let's assume you're Nikki Little Bank.
They haven't fixed it.
And the bank computer, the ATM computer thinks, oh my God, it's January 1st, 1900.
Is that going to make any difference as to whether it dishes out the cash?
But ATM didn't exist in the...
Yeah.
But what about the little plastic cards?
No.
Huh?
Well, they're neither.
So the ATM, the computer's going to go back and look at your balance on January 1st, 1900.
They're going to say, sorry.
Huh?
Yeah, that's right. They're going to look up what your balance was on January 1st, 1900.
Oh, you don't have the money in this bank.
Of course, this bank wasn't here.
There was no such thing as an ATM.
There was no such thing as a goddamn computer in the airplane because there wasn't any airplane.
You weren't born yet.
Oh, well, now you're not seeing your nitpicking again.
Now you're being a shallow with some of those assholes at the Macarena.
Don't start bringing logic into this.
Just bring fear and terror and paranoia.
Oh my God, the ATM is going to say, who are you?
You weren't even born then.
This is January 1st, 1900.
You don't even exist.
Right?
Is that right?
Uh-huh.
But the good news is you'll be able to invest in all those stocks that are really, really low rate.
No, you won't because the stock market's going to be on that.
That'll be all screwed up.
Plus, they're not open Saturday anyway.
And even if they were, it's January 1st.
It's New Year's Day.
Oh, this is beautiful.
And the lady with a toilet paper.
You know something that's a good thing, lady, that you got all that toilet paper because you're full of crap.
That's right.
And she's stocking up beans.
Whoo!
Heavy duty, baby, for the 21st century.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I don't want to be around her house right after the first of the year.
Three things.
Did you catch 60 minutes last night?
Yes.
Did you see the GM thing with Kenneth Starr?
You didn't mention it.
I know you mentioned him earlier in the process.
I didn't watch the piece because everybody knew about that.
He's the attorney for the tobacco company, for General Motors, for the blowing up car.
Right.
The cars were blocked.
There was a memo.
One lawyer sent to another lawyer.
And this lawyer went on like six or seven times and deposition were in court and lied.
And Kenneth Starr was the lawyer that knew that he was lying under oath.
Right.
And yet he was defending the guy.
Uh-huh.
I couldn't believe it.
My dad worked for GM.
He hates him.
Well, the guy was probably a right-winger, so there you go.
Yeah.
You never met a right-winger you didn't lie.
I imagine how much crap they're going to dig up about Kenneth Starr in the next couple of years.
I mean, we know enough, but there's a lot more to-
For these things.
Yeah.
A lot more.
And your conversation, the time you might hand call me from Ohio at her church, they had this hysterical thing going on about the white suitcase.
She called-
That's it.
It's a church thing.
It's a crazy religious nothing.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
She was calling me.
I was like, I'm going to go to a church and I said, well, I didn't drive down here in the winter time.
Yeah.
And I told her, I said, the only thing you need to worry about her husband's on that social security now he just retired last year.
Well, that's right.
I said, what you do-
Well, see, the Clinton already said that social security is that it's Y2K ready.
So there's no problem getting the check.
I told her, you go to your bank.
Oh, this is February.
Keep this in mind.
This is February 1999.
We're talking almost a year from now, right?
I said, go to your bank and ask them if the computers are going to be ready.
And if they're not, just pull a little extra money out.
Oh, my God.
She was almost hysterical because they'd worked up in such a befrenzy about this whole thing that's going to happen next year.
Can you imagine the days, the week?
I mean, first of all, Christmas and Hanukkah and New Year's already the stores every year are jam packed.
Anyway, can you imagine that week just before New Year's this coming year?
No, you know what?
I'd rather have them all worked up now and go out and buy all their crap now.
And then we can go into stores right after the New Year's and buy anything we want that stores to be empty.
So they've already stocked by a lot of crap to begin with.
And I got one more question.
I got a 12 pack of charming.
Can I swap it for you, Corvette?
No.
Okay.
Varder guy, we have an open line in date 400 and powered 56670560.560.
Hanukkah's speed just mobile one line.
1057 at 560 QAM.
So, seasonal facts in the church.
Do you like chili?
Really hot chili?
Then you should try O'Malley's new really f***ing hot chili.
That's right, O'Malley's new really f***ing hot chili is so hot.
It's guaranteed to burn the rough of your f***ing mouth or your money back.
Made from the hottest jalapenos, spices and peppers.
After just one bite you'll say, wow, that's the hottest f***ing chili I've ever tasted.
That's O'Malley's new really f***ing hot chili.
From the makers of f***ing damn good chowder and ass chicken soup.
Pick some up at your f***ing grocer today.
Remember, if it's not O'Malley's, it's not that f***ing hot.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's 1101 at 560W QAM.
By the way, I'll get to the PDR, the family guy to prescription drugs in a moment.
By the way, thanks very much to the guy that called Friday and reminded me that I should go out and get the new one.
When you start reading about the possible side effect of all of these drugs,
it kind of makes you wonder what the hell it's all about.
You know, besides somebody making a lot of money.
All of these things.
At any rate, let's take a call from Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
Going once.
Going twice.
Is it on the wheel?
Yes, ma'am.
Sure.
A couple of things.
Yes.
You're about Andre Bruce.
Andre Bruce?
Yes.
Who's Andre Bruce?
Oakland Raiders' Defentive End.
And former Falcon.
Former Falcon's first round draft.
Is he can do what's his name?
Andre Bruce.
And Napoleon Kaufman.
On page 13C of yesterday's Harold.
Yeah.
Former Falcon draft.
Like Andre Bruce was arrested 30 night at 9 p.m.
After he stopped his car and had land on Metropolitan Parkway and offered an undercover officer $20 for oral sex.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
I guess he's taking something from Eugene Robinson's, Lauren Lesson's, from...
Yeah.
One more thing.
Yes, sir.
A little fire report.
You know, Billy Fack.
Billy Clark.
We have what?
Billy Lewis.
You know, he's back.
Billy Lewis.
Oh, yeah.
I'm guiding light.
Even his wife were arrested.
I know that, but they were arrested when?
About nine months ago.
Oh, I know.
We know that.
That's all news.
But somebody called in the interim.
I'm so glad you mentioned that.
And have a nice day.
So you're in Coeuran.
Uh, but somebody called in said that he was dead.
The actor that played, remember that?
I'm guiding light.
And I said, why?
I never read about that because they lived down here and they got busted a few months ago.
And of course, he's had a few problems along the way.
Whatever that guy's name is, will play Billy Lewis on guiding light.
And right there, to, at the end of the show on Friday or close to the end of the show,
which is becoming so traumatic, we can't even stand it anymore.
In walks, Billy Lewis.
He must be back from the dead.
But another thing that's going to happen, by the way, the Y2K, all the dead people are
going to come back.
Yeah, that's right.
Where Raju's is coming back.
Jean Altruís coming back.
All the dead cowboys are coming back.
But they're going to rat her.
They're not going to be wandering around.
They're going to rupture, especially if they wind up at that house in plantation,
where she's got all the beans stockpiles.
Woo!
Open line of date, all 400 and brown.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and candle.
Neil, how you doing this boy?
Okay, sir.
I'm glad you brought up this Y2K problem.
It's been, it's been something I've been joking about for quite a while,
and all the panic that seems to be going on.
And the church is really seem to be kind of the center.
You know, they're in there, and they're struggling.
They're in there, and they're beating it.
It's the second coming, if you will, of the world.
Because the calendar is changing.
Does that make a lot of sense?
No.
The calendar is changing.
Therefore, Jesus is coming back.
And the world is going to end.
And the end of civilization, et cetera, and so on.
I mean, we're talking about a level of superstition that is so embarrassing that, you know, over the Lafayette cry.
You know, it's reached epidemic proportions just about.
It's amazing.
Absolutely, maybe.
I was eating lunch over the little restaurant over here by my outskirts the other day.
And sitting behind me were like three, like traveling preacher kind of people.
And they were having, oh, it was almost like a little revival going on right in the restaurant behind me.
And I'm, you know, kind of eased dropping on their conversation.
And this guy's first saying, yeah, well, I'm getting,
I'm getting a nutritional meal from my body.
I'm getting a spiritual meal from my body.
I always just say, you've done, and I have just cracked it.
I wonder after that nutritional meal passed through his body, does he take a good nutritional crap?
I don't know, but then he got real quiet.
And this is what I wanted to tell you about.
Because this is really bizarre.
He got real quiet.
And he said, they start talking some kind of scripture thing.
And then he says, and that's why God hates the Jews.
And then they start talking about something else.
And I kind of completely hear exactly what they said.
I mean, it just almost made me puke.
I wanted to say to these guys, look, you guys stole your God from the Jews.
And you're telling them what's wrong.
And it was just, it was just so bizarre.
And it was almost, you know, unreal.
It was so real.
The instrument of God is perfect.
How can God hate anybody?
Oh, sorry.
I don't know either.
And God is invulnerable.
How come he invented man with all these foibles and weaknesses so that man is not invulnerable like stupid man?
I have no idea.
I mean, even Chris Weeves is a wheeling around in that cheer.
How come he didn't at least Superman?
Why didn't he make him invulnerable?
I had two more quick things in him than I came back to the book here.
Yes.
But there's a book here.
I know I just ordered that Templeton book, the farewell of the God is coming in any day now.
And I'll come back and that book can't be bought in the bookstores in America.
You know, I was in borders last night getting this PDR book.
And I was thinking to myself, how come what kind of a country is this where you can't get an anti-religion book like that?
By a guy who's such a genius.
I have no idea.
But there's another book.
It's an older book.
You might even have read it by Walter Kaufman.
It's called a critique of religion and philosophy.
And this guy just rips everybody.
I mean, he lays nothing sacred.
He rips Christianity, rips Judaism.
He just rips everybody.
He rips all the philosophers.
This guy is probably the world's biggest cynic of all kinds.
All right.
And in closing, Neil, I'd just like to say maybe make a flight adjustment to the Constitution and the Bill of Rights instead of freedom of religion.
It should be freedom from religion.
Moe was forced already had that.
No, I'm not.
The Post.
Okay, I have a great day here.
Which of course, that's story.
Somebody fact me.
I already had that clipped out.
Sentence reversed incinity over Bible verse.
Did you see this story?
Oh, yeah.
Don't you understand?
We got to get that good old time religion.
And because that's the American fucking way.
A prosecutor said on Saturday he was appalled by an appeals court decision to overturn a prison sentence for a child rapist.
Because the judge when imposing punishment had quoted from the Bible.
In a two to one verdict, if you'll,
I'll first district court of appeals.
I'd probably reverse the 51 year sentence of James Arnett, 33, who had pleaded guilty in January to 10 counts of rape involving the eight year old daughter of his fiance.
I'm absolutely appalled by this ruling Hamilton County prosecutor Mike Allen said for 200 years in this country.
Judges have been voting invoking scripture in the courtroom.
I think this is reverse this reversal of sentences total nonsense.
In its majority opinion, the appeals court said judge Melba Marsch clearly was influenced in her sentencing by a passage from the Bible.
She therefore denied that a defendant is right to do process by violating the guarantee of separation of church and state it said.
By factoring in religion, the court is acting outside of Ohio sentencing guidelines, as well as violating the offenders due process rights.
Judge Mark painter wrote his majority opinion.
Judge Mark said in the courtroom that she had used the Bible as an additional source of help in determining the severity of the sentence.
She quoted from Matthew.
But whosoever shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it will be better for him that a millstone were hanged around his neck and then he were drowned in the depth of the sea.
Allen said he would try to make sure our net remains in prison until a case goes back to Judge Mark for a new sentence.
He like will appeal to the decision of the Ohio Supreme Court.
So in other words, we all want him in jail, like a hundred years, but maybe the judge would stop quoting from all this horseball stuff.
Is that incredible or what?
Crazy answer.
She's quoting from the Bible.
The Bible said this, the Bible said that and the sentiment so on.
Beauty, like I said.
That's the American fucking way.
Good old black magic, baby. That good old Hocus Pocus.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
Yeah, Rosewall, he's fucking死.
No.
I'm getting real tired of throwing my pages.
Then rolling one point forward.
Grabbing the beat.
Okay, 11-14 at 5-60 WQM.
I'll tell you a week Monday again, second week in a row.
I mean, desperate. One call on the board.
And then I'll do my thing for the PDR.
Let's get lunch from Chuck's. We'll have lunch. Play a lot of stuff.
5-6-7-05-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Palm Beach. Hello.
Yes, sir, Mr. Neil Rogers.
Yes, this is Scott from Palm Beach.
I'm a Butler in Palm Beach. I work for a billionaire.
And I've been listening to you since 1976.
And I have four things on my plate.
And I'm going to go down the list here.
I write things down this way. I don't waste your time or your audience.
Take all the time you want, Scott. You're the only caller on the board.
Take all the time.
I got nothing to say today.
Okay. Number one.
They're all out there buying bottled water and bed.
Yes, that's number one.
Right here. The year 2000.
Those beastly brothers, they have computers, right?
You're not going to be out of the air.
You may be off the air at the year 2000.
I guarantee you want things. Your January 1st, 2000.
I will not be on the air. You can bet your life on that.
All right. Number two.
Number one. It's a holiday. Number two. It's a Saturday.
So far, two. That's the 80 strikes right there.
All right. Here comes number two. Yes.
Cops find fillings by stopping drivers with their radar.
You know, they find people that are DUI guys that are down the road
when they shouldn't be on the road.
So guys like you that have their...
Well, that's number two.
Well, I know you carry on about how they cost with their radars.
They should be doing something else.
But they find fillings by stopping these people.
All right. Let me see your ID.
Let me ask you this. How about if they just stop everybody?
No, sir. No, no, no.
Yeah. They'll find a lot more criminals if they just stop everybody.
They'll be at the end of every street.
No, just stop everybody.
Number three.
In other words, you're justifying speed traps.
Is that what you're saying, sir?
No, not exactly.
Yeah. Okay. Number three.
All right. Number three.
Oh.
When you go.
I know it's time almost to hang up on our numbers.
Yeah. Number three.
I get in close. Number three.
I believe you...
I believe you...
Stop it. We need to stop it.
Hey, listen.
Oh, I have to have...
Number three. Come on. Let's go.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Number four.
We'll hear number four about the party that we served and everybody was in Tuxedo.
Yeah.
They all jumped in the pool.
Newed.
It's like picking up.
Billionaires, politicians, and people that know you are at number three.
Yeah. All right. All right. Hold on.
Then there's nobody else on the phone.
Yeah. Yeah.
We got other people on the phone.
It's only a four-hour show.
Okay.
Let's get to the golf fucking part.
Because so far we've had nothing but pure crap.
You are...
You're the one...
Oh, god.
You lost something.
Okay. I have a great day.
Wooo!
Wow, like I said, don't complain about the calls when you get a call like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
He only had the, what, 70-year-old radio different things that he wanted to talk about, right?
All of these things.
Here's a mobile in Delray Beach, hella.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
We watched something on Channel 10 News the other night that had us so outraged that I had to bring it to your attention.
Yes.
Most, remember a couple of months ago, a man and his son were riding on a motorcycle and they were hit by a hit and run driver left on the road dead.
No.
Witnesses, it was up in Papano and witnesses saw somebody get out of the car and take a license tag off their car and flee.
And they found the car on the saw, grass, expressway and long story short they tracked it down.
So this 18-year-old basket ball star, girl basket ball star from Ealy High.
And now she committed vehicular manslaughter, hit and run and left the scene of the crime.
Yeah.
So they were the tractor down and the arrester and everything else like that.
They had a feature on what the aftermath of all this was on the news on Thursday night.
You mean how the impact of careers, that what you're saying?
Exactly.
Now this is a girl in high school.
So they show the widow of the man that was killed and she's saying I can't believe this is happening.
And what do they show, but they show her basketball coach and he gets up there and says, yeah, well she crowds the middle and she makes the shot and they show pictures of this girl.
This Amazon mutant running around and making shots and she's not in jail.
She's nothing.
Like nothing happened.
What do you mean she's nothing?
There's no charges.
There's got to be charges.
There's been like, well she's out there walking around and playing basketball for Ealy High in the scene.
And like how about Brian Blades?
He's well asked and jumping high.
But it's just so you don't understand the world of the the Jack Aquacy in America.
You've got a whole different set of rules.
I mean how about OJ?
He's walking around loose.
Really killed two people.
I mean that's this woman killed somebody.
Yeah.
Right.
Right.
I tried to completely conceal the evidence.
Yeah.
It took the bin number off the car the whole nine yards.
Yeah.
And she's out there playing basketball and running.
What is it? Jumping high and running.
Jumping high running fast and stuff.
Yeah.
It's unbelievable how that's the American fucking way.
That's right.
I mean you know somebody else undoubtedly.
I didn't see it.
It was the most incredible thing.
I mean how what what what what what what what diversity and what knurver it takes to sit there and say well you know she feels real sorry about it.
And and the only thing that can be said about this girl is that if that she runs and jumps.
She runs and jumps.
There you go. That's that's America.
I like it.
Take two and come in the morning.
Okay.
He's out of control.
But Mike Tyson's in jail.
Yeah.
Yeah. There you go.
At least for six months.
He'll be out in six months.
Good behavior.
But in Indiana because this is going to be violation of his parole.
He could get another four or five years.
Yeah.
Look at all the money.
It's going to save all you suckers out there that keeps subsidizing this.
This scumbag this human piece of direct subhuman direct every time he fights him other piece of light like that big fat German that he just bought here a month or whenever go at the MGM.
Pathetic.
It's like it's like some kind of a mental illness in his country.
The bigger the scumbag the more they're attracted to him.
It's a freak show.
Open line and Broward to indeed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you today?
Okay.
Good.
I want to thank you for taking my call.
You've got a very interesting and entertaining show.
I was calling because I thought that you know the people may not be so talkative today because they haven't had their hypocondriac diagnosis for the day.
I know I tuned in late, but I didn't know if you had covered that today.
My hypocondriac diagnosis?
Yeah, remember last week you were talking about how everybody's sick and we have to pick an illness for the day.
Yeah.
I didn't know if we had done that yet.
Not yet.
Well, there's a lot of cool.
It's time to meet like that butler had a mental illness.
Yeah, I don't think he was flying on all thrusters.
But you know what I haven't even had time to think about what I was thinking.
Probably was thinking his boyfriend.
What's that?
I said, what is it?
Oh, nothing.
All I was saying was that I haven't had the opportunity to diagnose myself today.
I was going to draw from your wisdom before I made an assessment.
Okay, well go work on it.
Okay, I think your problem is lack of material.
Okay, we've got one call on the board.
It's time I go waste time when he's called.
You got nothing to say today.
Okay, why didn't I say that at the beginning of the show?
You've got no material.
I got tons of material here.
They got none.
Here's four Myers.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
If they have door to door searches of private homes, do you think they'd find felons?
That's in fact, it's funny you should mention that, but they're going to be staring that next Monday.
Because this Thursday or Friday, it can start.
They're going to finish up this penis gate thing.
So starting Monday, Ken starts going to be a...
That's going to be his next project.
How about check...
Door to door searches to find felons.
I mean, this guy was on acid or something.
This butler, this lunatic.
How about checkpoints on the road just stop you not for speeding or...
Checkpoint, Charlie, checkpoint, upchuck, checkpoint, Virginia checkpoint.
Everybody, that's right.
Think they'd find felons?
And then no question about it.
How about if they put that damn John Walsh right out of business that America's most wanted who needs him?
Or we can just be stopping everybody in their house and restaurants and key rooms.
I can walk.
In key rooms out there on a sidewalk stop pedestrian.
Uh-oh, you look suspicious.
Let's check your ID.
Now, look at that.
We got a felon.
You don't have to look suspicious.
You have to present your ID to all law enforcement agencies upon demands.
And just on a whim.
Right.
Yeah.
We find felons.
So I guess we need all of these things.
Starts Monday, sir.
Hi.
And a neighborhood near you.
Excellent idea, pal.
Once we get through with this penis gate, let's embark on...
Bar with these things.
And get with it.
But like I said, the butler was on acid.
When that name of a movie, the butler was on acid.
Man.
What a maniac.
Open line of Broward, all 10 and date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And then the thing that we're going to do is we try to squeeze a little something out of this audience today.
Just squeeze a little something.
That's what we're getting.
So when we're getting back to the speaking of the guy that had nothing to say about illness.
And I'm very grateful, by the way, was it a doctor?
Somebody that called on Friday when I was talking about this thing I've had and going to my doctor, Pascum Yach, a Cleveland clinic.
I'm very grateful to the guy that says it takes seven.
What do you say seven to 30 days to get a prescription drug out of your system?
And then what he said?
One guy said 30, one guy said 2.
No, 2 is not the answer.
But in any rate, because this thing is much, much better.
In fact, you'll see the rash is just about gone.
But it takes time to get that crap out of your system.
But anyway, I did go out yesterday to borders and pick up the PDR, the family guy, the prescription drugs, the brand new one.
Now, as great as my doctor is over there, Cleveland Clinic, I do want to say this.
He was brought on one pound.
Because they, you know, I give them all the symptoms, all the problems I've had for seven or eight weeks.
And he said, oh, yeah, these are all symptoms of allergic reaction to Adalad, but except the rash.
He says, I don't know what that is.
Well, guess what?
I even got a circle right here.
In fact, wait until you hear this is only one drug, okay?
Nefetapean, brand name is Procardia, Procardia XL, Adalad and Adalad CC, which is what I was taking CC time release.
Stop and listen, open up your ears and listen to the potential side effects of one drug.
More common side effects may include constipation, cough, dizziness, fatigue, flushing,
getting this headache, heartburn, heat sensation, lightheadedness, mood changes, muscle cramps, nasal congestion, nausea, sore throat swelling of the arms, legs, hands, and feet, tremors, weezing.
Less common side effects may include adominal pain, blurred vision, chest congestion, chills, cramps, diarrhea, difficult or labored breathing, difficulty in balance, difficulty sleeping, drowsiness, dry cough, dry mouth, excessive sweating, fever, fluttering heartbeat, gas,
general chest pain, hives, impotence, indigestion, itching, jitteriness, joint pain, leg cramps, muscle and bone inflammation, nervousness, pain, production of large amounts of pale urine, rash, sexual difficulties,
shakiness, shortness of breath, skin inflammation, sleep disturbances, sleepness, sleepiness, stiff joints, tingling or pin to needles, weakness, rare side effects may include, I'm not even, we aren't even started yet.
Rare side effects may include abnormal or terrifying dreams, anemia anxiety, arthritis, back pain, belching, blood in urine, breast development in males, breast pain, breathing disorders, dark stools containing blood, or maybe that's what Roy had.
Decreased sex drive, depression, distorted taste, dull sense of touch, excessive urination at night, facial swelling, fainting, fever, gout, gum overgrowth, hair loss, hepatitis, hives, hot flashes, increased angina, increased swelling, inflammation of the sinuses, inflamed in tealine skin and other skin disorders, irregular heartbeat, migraine,
muscle in coordination, muscle pain, muscle tension, nose bleed, pain for a difficult urination, paranoia, rapid heartbeat, reddish or purplish spots on the skin, ringing in the ears, sensitivity to light, swelling around the eyes or mouth and throat, with breathing difficulty, curing eyes, temporary blindness,
temporary blindness, upper respiratory tract infections, vagu-feeling of illness, vertigo, vision changes, vomiting, and weight gain.
Ooooooooh!
Hahaha!
That's it! That's the end of the list!
Oh, God.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
While God gave me the ability to pee while standing out, he also gave women the capacity for multiple orgasms, and as far as things go on the fairness scale, we think we got kind of jiff.
I mean really, women can at least squat if they have to, or what are we supposed to do? Go again?
I don't think so. Or at least I didn't until I met SleazyT.
Yo, I'm SleazyT, maker of the all-new prescription medication, benzodiaepathiamine, also known by a shelf name, Forgasm.
The pill that loads you up with four times the normal amount of sexual love is now with SleazyT's Forgasm.
I have the best of both worlds. I can take a leak off the set of my boat and then hump all night long.
No restrictions. Forgasm can result in p-nalyxplosion, so I'm not quite repeat that again because you heard what I said.
There's a reason for just one happy verse, but if you feel the need to circumvent Mother Nature yet again, PR guests and try forgasm today.
Also look for I Want a Womb 2. The latest envy draws from the medicine cabinet of SleazyT coming soon.
It's love of 32 at 560 WQM. Here's a call from Toronto. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. How's going?
Okay.
You have a great show, first of all.
Yes, I do.
Oh, you have a fantastic. I can't believe I'm actually listening to your show on the net.
Yeah.
I don't believe it.
And the price is right. Even sneaking across the border. How do you like that?
Oh, it's fantastic.
So wait till let frog Jean Cretchen finds out we're sneaking across the border. He'll be the IPO.
Oh, he's going to be really close.
All those frogs. Yeah.
Oh, I know. I'm from Toronto. I used to live in Montreal. I decided to leave.
Congratulations, getting out, sir.
Well, the last English speaking Canadian get the clothes that were, squeeze the flag.
That's right. Hopefully, I will see what happens.
But, uh, so what do you think of the trade with Boris?
What do I think of it?
Yeah.
What's not to like?
Oh, it's a great trade.
Now we just got to get him back in shape again. We got to hope that he's not out for too many games, eh?
Because it's obvious without him. This team is a little on the weak side.
Yeah, 100%.
Yeah. It was great trade. 100% and great trade, boss.
Yes, sir.
Yes. So, uh, do you think they are going to make the playoffs? I guess so.
Uh, we'll see.
We'll see.
In fact, in East Pot then, one of the most idiotic comments it was in the Pittsburgh game the other night.
And he was saying, well, you know, even before the very trade, the panthers looked like a team that was going to make the playoffs.
And I just, I just laughed my ass off. I mean, this man is so dumb.
They're about another frog, you know, what do you expect?
That's right.
And at least, Pete, no jersey there. How do you like that, sir?
Oh, well, actually, what you can even send in.
Oh, so, uh, God.
To me, it's like, I can't believe you said that.
I know, I know, I know.
Well, kick some out of my ass. Okay. At least, can you use some help?
Oh, I know that.
And have a great day.
Okay. Oh, yeah, what you want me 100 number?
None, Calvin?
800 numbers?
Yeah, one.
No, one 800, cheap as dirt. That's our number.
That great day. Hey, okay. See you around.
Spare some change, mister. Get out of here.
See if he was the leaf fan. He'd been on a lot longer, but he's a Canadian fan. Oh, well, well, I can't help it.
We have an open line at day five six seven, uh, 0560 and five 60 on the AT and T line.
How about if I read all of side effects again, huh?
Including rash. There you go.
You're great guys, Dr. Paskin, but you better look at the PDR. Okay.
Rash and those other eight million possible side effects too.
I thought you were a little more gitty than usual.
Rhymes with.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I got a question for you.
Hey, can you share with your audience when.
When you love her. It's banging you in the back.
Oh, another, another prosthetic.
A stick.
That's all they know, man. It's all they know is.
Recta, recta, recta, recta, recta, recta, recta, recta.
Debt, Maricon and recta.
Under the only two words in their vocabulary.
That's it. That's a mid leave your expertise, pal.
Recta. Yeah. But have a nice life and we're so glad that you're listening. Okay.
Your little Maricon.
When Maricon grand, grandissimo, we have an open line at day five six, seven, oh five, 60,
the pound five sixty on the eighteen to one of the line
to the d's can handle it
it's so disturbing that they can't turn it off because i'm the only person in
the world that will actually out them on a year as a class of people as a
group
bunch of little and what's wrong with that ok they like to spread it around
they like to spread it back to
here's a corals bring so
oh nil
this is a whole you're calling for a call spring from that it's embarrassing
to bring in the other side of the maticona is there anything else in your
vocabulary sir very embarrassing well i hope to add something to show that
always get that from the real south-worldest pick community that's all we get
on the show at like ninety-eight percent of the calls are just like that old
jackass i just had on their
back on something got me to thinking this white to k both
uh... you know all right now
uh... that's nothing but it that's what it is
uh... the people have been scared i don't know if it's by a bill gates or i
be in for somebody and all they have to do is go out and buy new computers
or fix them up and these people are going to make more money than ever there's
no questions a cottage industry now and they sit here making the bayons in this
people sit there like train circus deals you know clapping and you know get
more computers more computers right and thinking about train circus deals
got me to think about something else
uh... this is a little bit of a sandwich language they for you
the spanish word for
it's f-o-c-a
if you ever see a pregnant seal
you say look at that mother folk uh... really
i hope you can use that material is in folka in laboca
well the book on whatever you want to do it okay and have a great day
she would have said about those uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh...
we have an open line in the broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
that's our poll question today by the way we haven't had one yet
that's our poll question why is it that the south florida
i'm not gonna say his spanish community is the cuban community of those
portouacans they got other things under mind like switchplates
by columbians uh... they're in the uh... white powder but the cubans they're
like obsessed with a human rectum all i know in fact we had such a flota calls
there several months ago when we're talking about anal sex
and i would say that a hundred and ten percent of those colors were a cubans
they're like obsessed with rectum that's all i know is asked
gordon gives south florida a major blowjob
are you in search of a high paying temporary job at sick of the rules and
regulations that govern the civilized business world
then perhaps you should join the other thugs at the latrall spree well temporary
service at the latrall spree well temporary service you'll be trained in the
fine art of employer worker relationships by mister spree well himself
let's say for instance something fact-tracking
access you to send the facts all you just might
get the machine out the wall telling you more to
you'll also be schooled in mister spree well's revolutionary computer technique
now some of the access you if you know how to use windows
you reply i say i'll know how to throw you dumbass out of one
and best of all the latrall spree well temporary service teaches all its employees
mister spree well time tested salary negotiation method
once you get your hands run next you'll glide
concentration with two and a half to see things go away
employees at the latrall spree well temporary service can make as much as
seventeen point three million dollars every two years with five months off to
run people off the road with your lexas
oh hey man you said my cow will kill you the latrall spree well temporary service
call today by the way latrall spree was just named president a new group up in
New York since he came to the next cis
yes i as come back in sports that sounds like my lunch coming through the door
with a good close personal friend chuck and it is thank god good to see a chuck
i'm looking forward to that thing so much i've been thinking all weekend about
that beautiful chef salad that George had on Sunday or
Friday whatever day it was i mean come here and just thinking about it
here's willing to north Carolina hello hey uh next what's your name again Neil
Ed is this Neil Ed yes Ed is Joe yes Joe um yeah it's talking with my friend
hello Joe Ed whatever you guys go ahead um yeah sorry about that um
talking with my friend down in my ambulance might i used to live down there right
and uh we got into a little discussion about evolution and uh we're talking about the year 2000
also oh yeah uh he was you know he uh called me this morning was playing
me your show and gave me your number and i've been listening to you for about an hour
right pretty interesting um i don't know it just seems that uh i don't know where to start
it seems that uh nobody wants to uh only only with them that we have as christian
is from the word of god oh so in other words you're limited to all that uh all the
bubble micens in the bible you can't learn anything by like uh you know reading a book any other
book or like a life experience or you know just common sense or seeing on what's going around
around you well that's all part of it but uh just to get down to nothing both i mean how
are we supposed to have any kind of uh what is it saying the uh in the good book anything about the
y2k problem did i miss something in there well just slow down a little bit how are we supposed to
reason and talk and have a conversation it's basically you know your view is that all this is a
bunch of hogwash and superstition because that's my opinion so how how can how can i have a conversation
in other words you think that i should just agree with you and then we could have a conversation
no i'm not that's my opinion it is a bunch of crap it's about superstitious bull crap but how
how uh when i'm looking at all these other things how how can you say that when you don't take
the time to look at any of this stuff in detail like like what well in other words when you
when you say things like these things yeah the holy bible it's just a bunch of bull genna
for you but give me an example about how you say i'm not looking at all these things i've read all
about crap years and years ago and it was crap then and so but what do you give me a for an example
well as far as archaeology goes in history you know it sounds like you're pretty intelligent and
you know you probably try to stay up on top of things of course the history of the world goes
it's kind of hard to deny the uh not a not evidence that backs up the bible in the amount of
it's hard to deny that the world has been here for like five or six thousand years when we have
fossil evidence that's been here for billions of years well see that's the thing you have a lot of
christian spirit i'll tell you i'll tell you i'll tell you that christianity has a bad name but
there are things that make any difference whether it's christianity juteism uh
voodoo it's all about your crap it was invented by man because man's afraid to die that's why
well the thing is you know christianity what is the thing well when when you bash christians and you
bash christianity it's easy to do if you don't understand what's really happening well you you keep
you know something because i talked to people i've been doing this for a hundred years and i
talked to people like you who keep repeating glittering generality you're not saying anything
well the thing is what is really happening that i'm missing sir sir's
okay it's a man what's happening you're looking at the surface you're looking at just the mirror
well what's happening under the surface what's going on there a lot is it the secret surface
well there's more than meets the eye man like that you have to get it in a
couple of times i've asked you for like three minutes you've been on now to give me one example
and you can't do it what what would give me it give me a past me a specific question where did
cancer come from well that's where i i'd love to get into it with you the whole reason why
people are dying and you say oh god's an asshole and this man and and why is he killing people if
he loves if god is love why isn't that yeah well the reason is i believe it's simply taught in
the bible that he's doing this he's permittance now so that we learned what's going on the
permission of evil he we're learning now that that's way to learn really what are what are we
learning what is somebody very go through some horrible death that dies of some grotesque disease
because god created invented some virus some horrendous life form what are what do we learn i know
it's not easy but i'm trying to explain it to you as simple as i can uh-huh yeah you have to
come down to my level well i'm not i'm not trying to say many better new we're all we're all in
it so say something we're all the same boom i'm trying to you man we're all learning about what
not to do we're learning about death but that's why Jesus came on the earth to take first day
that's a great day hey yeah get out here and you like north carolina huh and you get
like the mountains yeah i got news reporters ladies and intellectually compared to the people
up there in the mountains they're like they're like they're like right in from the assholes and
entry right yeah yeah i don't go there for the company you know you look like kind of white bread
like generic uh-huh you don't look at all cuban you haven't seen many cubans then what does that
mean i look like all the cubans i know no you know you don't look you don't look the least bit cuban
i look like every cuban in my family darker than most you're darker than most of your
as pillars cat on the ghost i've got blue eyed blonde in the family yeah so what is that but let me
say it again i'm talking about to the uninitiated yeah they all think that's what they're
like yeah who's making sure they think you're what they all think the cubans are brown people
you're you're trying to obfuscate okay this is why you're very excited just thank you
this is the best lunch i ever had in my life that's meeting the world huh what so you were talking
about the mug lumps in north carolina i'm talking about the cold cuts in the cheese and all this good
stuff in here this is this is my lunch for life this is my actin's uh solution now
i'm saying that they would look at you when they would think there's a little uh uh cracker
there they wouldn't think you're cuban and that's the only reason that you're gonna slide and buy
up there now once those folks up there in the mountains from a tree find out where your ancestors
are from they all know then they're yeah right that's what you think wait till the word gets us
i'm gonna go write billboards up there just to show you what those people are really like the
amount of the hope that you make it back in one piece the mountain that our house is on is known
as the cuban mountain really cubans live there
i'm gonna be right in the middle of the night
i'm gonna be right in the middle of the night
we have an open line of bright night now seriously let's talk about this okay because this guy
from north carolina i mean this this was pathetic did he really say anything no he just like all
of them he just keeps going around in a circle and well you know you if you would just look at the
beneath the surface and look at the yoke well what are you talking about well you know uh
battery but double talk nothing but double talk
but this business about the why two kathan which i brought up at the beginning because i made
the front page yesterday's hero and of course if it's in the hero of the muskets i really a legitimate
story but this is happening all over this country
because stupidity and superstition are rampant
and the fact that this described a meeting that was going on in church and of course is going
on in churches all over this country shows you how ignorant the people are in those churches
or otherwise they probably wouldn't be there in the first place but i'd like somebody in the
audience to explain to me since we have all these people like to picture this woman in the story
about the lady implantation of all places got from it that are stockpiling groceries now let me ask you
this what is going to happen with computer glitches assuming that there are any significant ones
what's going to happen that's going to prevent you from being able to buy food supplies on the
first of january two thousand why won't you be able to go into your supermarket into your
publics or win dixie or your seven eleven or your shell station and buy your bread and soda and water
and whatever else you want what is it that's going to be a computer driven in those stores can
anybody name me anything no the cash register the scanners yeah all the scanners the u.p.c now we
hit the motherload that universal price and go i'll never forget i was on w.s news about seven
hundred years ago when they first came out with the universal pricing code and all the products
so they could scan them real fast and you know run you through there in about a minute instead of
five minutes all those dumbos especially now because they got some people working at most of
the supermarket they couldn't make change if they're life depended on or figure out the price
can you imagine the amount of man hours that it saves instead of the old days when you
still guys stamping the price on every box and putting labels on every can with a price remember
how much effort that used to take and now they have the little universal pricing code and all these
right wingers especially but all the supers there oh my god that's the market of these that's the
six that's the that's the trial letter of commission behind that they were having a nervous breakdown
over the universal pricing code on the items that we buy in the supermarket which makes for quick
to get price scanning and now let's find out since George mentioned that you know they're and
of course there will not be a problem with that because they're not that has nothing to do with the
date i know that comes as a great track to you but whether the date is January the second or
October the fifth or ten weeks from sookas and has nothing to do with what the date is that's all
computer control based on the product regardless of the date
i mean we're talking something so simple you have to be so and that listen you're laughing but I
want to cry you have to be so dumb to believe that you won't be able to go into your supermarket
and buy whatever had you want oh well the truckers you know i didn't i didn't know just like i
said about your car i didn't know that trucks operated on the date of the month of the the date
when those guys who are sleeping all that all that produce and all those all that stuff from
whatever our warehouse they're living it from like from up in or land or where the public's
warehouses and they're sleeping down here do they have to do they have to like find out what day
of the year it is to get in their truck and make it start no does the computer in your automobile
doesn't have anything to do with the day of the year no and again i mean things that are so obvious
why aren't the people in the mass media who could do so much to calm people down and avoid all the
craziness that's going to go on the last two or three months of the year it's already starting now
so maybe their first week in the second week in February oh we're going to go into supermarkets
there's going to be a big run on beans gonna be a big run on toilet papers and there ought to be
a lot of toilet paper because like i said these people are full of their oozing crap from every part
of their body oh but you don't understand the bivoules like this guy from up there in the
woods of north kirlana wherever he is and i'm glad that your friend had you listening on the audio
net or however that you might be listening oh that's probably another you know comic conspiracy
the audio net because maybe you might be exposed to something that makes sense for the first time
in your life instead of believing in a lot of glittering generalities that we were brainwashed
with when you were young before you had a chance to think for yourself
here's a mobiling four-letter hello hey Neil how's it going okay sir i wanted to get back into the
police state thing that's been going on down here with the traffic stops i'm a Caucasian long
here at american and one night i was driving going to pick up a mop and pick up a lot i'm up my
girlfriend then owned a cleaning business and i want to get her a mop at albert and the
officer pulled me over and i said there's something wrong all my equipment's working i had my seat
built on i used my turn signals as i know and then he went on to give me a ticket because i
didn't have my registration in the car with him i agree with you 100 percent it's called
looking for creative ways to write business exactly the more the more people they stop the more
things they can find there are hatey's crimes out there and they're revenue collectors
right you got it you got it anyway thanks for being there Neil and have a great day sir what was
he doing with that mop by the way well personal we have an open line andbroward five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line ten fifty six if you end the hangover
show from sure we'll stay two that's coming along it too i know that the zord even loves Neil Rogers
i thought christie and the tea was fairy tale this religion thing was not for me
they held a big convention let me in for a free i don't idea what i was about to see
or they were speaking in time that made me a believer
it was kind of fun
just to get out of my mouth
seeking time
they got people in there my tongue is weaving from side to side
oh
well now embrace me
oh
just trust me
oh i clap my tongue to the beat
oh
just trust me
now
whatever i do
feel forgive me
oh
now i speak in time
but that makes me a believer
and i'm having fun
playing around with my mouth
now i speak in time
come on step into five sixty w two i that's right the end is coming by the way so
when they tell you the end is coming to final days the end of civilization is
we know it uh stop giving any money to him okay
because if the end is coming they won't need any more money
your church your religious organization they're not going to need any more money are they
the end days are here baby it's all over as we know it
can have all the other stuff that they don't want like their paper money
and how about all the porno from the catholic church in Rome from the Vatican
the world's largest pornography collection
how about that uh-huh yeah in fact you ought to get on the phone right now
your catholic's out there
get on the phone to the Vatican and tell them as long as they're ready to throw in the towel
because the end days are coming you want all those riches they got all that great art
collection and stuff i will i get it yeah i'll bet
here's a payphone in the gables hello hi mill how you doing great essentially what the problem with
is with the y2k thing is that most operating systems only track the year date and two fields
and uh this year's going to be a leap year 1900 wasn't now how this would affect you in buying
food and things most distribution services use computers to load the trucks etc do their
billing and things so suddenly if it the computer thinks it's 1900 you might get a bill for 50
hamburgers that'll be fifty thousand dollars and at that point in time you're going to have to stop
everything and reconcile things it's not as if you are going to be able to get food but there will be
shortages etc and most people aren't aware that there is a problem what would mean there will
be shortages in other words you don't think that those distribution centers of gigantic chains
like publics and wendixie that they're doing and correcting the problem now
no they're not i work for one at the moment and they are doing nothing to address the y2k issue and
since i do work directly for one of the major companies i have aware of what particular software
releases are behind i mean a lot of these uh applications we use are two to three major releases
behind it's because of poor management poor planning and not having the money to go into research
and development so it is going to be an issue i don't think the sky is going to be falling
but uh it is it's it's going to be an issue i don't agree i don't think i don't think that by that time
it will be any issue well no one's doing anything about it except your major companies that
actually have the funding and the insight to take care of it but these smaller legacy systems
that are out there the people really aren't doing anything to address it i wouldn't make it up
and you really believe that between now and the end of the year which we've only got like almost
uh eleven months then nothing they're not going to correct the problem do you really believe that
i believe that 40 to 50 percent of computer systems will be corrected but i believe half of them
are just going to do a wait and see and there'll be inconveniences billing errors things of that
nature that will take place yes that's true and so when i go to the supermarket i'm not going to be
able to buy by ground beef and my soda and my dog food and you will probably be able to get a
central food stuff but luxury items like fish food and uh you know just exotic things and
there will be inconveniences in those areas i mean it's just going to happen
i'm not going to be able to get better in juries fish food yeah i mean you know the world will
come to the uh oh my god it's horrible but i have a little story i'd like to relate to you
since you were talking about the the people that are here in south Miami i was going to my public
last night going through the green light and all of a sudden here comes this bicycleist across the
street so in ordinarily i just hog and i'm keep going but for 50 extra points he had a baby on
the back so i decided i'd stop and let him know you know if you don't care about yourself at least
care for your child he proceeds to give me a finger and continue on down the road i mean it's
just shocking down here but being a computer person i'd like to think that most americans are eight
bits even parity and are friends south of the border or just seven bits odd parity okay and have a
great thing okay we have an open-minded bride do you believe anything that he just said no i don't
neither do you believe that any any a major food chain in this country uh is going to risk one day
of normal business when you stop and imagine the amount of money that they could lose is there
any chance of that happening no but hey fishwood i'm starting to get real worried now
like our good friends have been in juries are they going to let one stone unturned and of course not
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line he sounded just a little bit
sue like i know you're sued side to me i don't say a little uh sooty as in snooty here's the lady
in evan cira hello hi nil yes ma'am you're not the lady stuck in all the toilet paper are you
no sorry i only have about a month's supply with that but i've been waiting that way
went into all greens last week to get a prescription filled with the dark told in the day to
clock in the morning their computers are down Sunday night at eight o'clock they finally filled it
the clerks were standing there with their hands in the pockets for eight hours i think
can't that have it and you write it down and i'll come back and tell you when your computer's gone
no we can't fill it ummm why can't you it's done by computer yeah so everything is
weird like this and like our office like every Friday our computers are going down now
well what does that have to do with the date yeah well ours i'm for day county so anything is
possible with day county but no i'm saying well what does that have to do with the date or the year
it is the date it's stupidity to be the people like you were saying when you go into a place in
the computers go down the electricity they can't bring up change they can't do anything without
a computer because that's the way everybody's been trained the brains have left that's it okay thanks
see you all greens so what did she say we have an open line of day one and powered five six seven
o'five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line so there's two ways we can play this
you know we can get into bed with all the super market chains and all the other people
i want to make a fast book i mean you know we can you know spread the paranoia spread the hysteria
fan the waves of it because that seems to be the popular fn thing now
like that guy to call two calls ago oh yeah they're not going to do anything about it do i believe
that no i don't not for a second not for a millisecond it's a little software package at disc
for crying out yeah that's all they are you are you trying to like simplify this when they're
making it so complicated and so much fun always sticking your nose in and trying to simplify things
they'd like to make it complicated because if we're so simple and any more on configure it out
and they're counting on the fact that these more on can't figure it out
open line and date county five six seven o'five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
and i know and i get in my truck that if it ain't the right day of the year that thing that key
you can't even turn it much less start the engine that key won't even budge
huh isn't that what that little code is there on the key you know how the car keys all have
that little code that's not to tell you what how what the key is look at i'll look at that
that's part it's like that u pc code like the universal pricing it's a county pincot code it's
between the illumina audio and the trial lateral commission are the ones that done it in fact look
on the one side of the key it says illumina audio on the other side it says trilateral fricking
commissions the commie pincot plot baby i'm just talking oh and there is there is one of the most
idiotic that's our poll question whose dumber senator suzen collins of main or patchrode of the
former congress bitch from colorado two of the most simple thin bitches that ever were born
well i think the president was a very bad man and have you ever heard the way this woman speaks
so i potted up for a second she she's so she's so stupid it's scary that kind of a pressure i've
already said yes i have to say that i'm a huge honest respect to the job that the health
managers have done everything down i have to say that i've done it very well get her off
bubble head would be a compliment to this bitch and she's in the u.s senate is that the best
they can do in main yes no wonder i never been the main tell me that's the way that song goes
ever been the main 10 minutes after noon at five sixty wq m. hey go
bill's the god's moniker's the china
yeah you're gonna be a genius
let's style the giggle when he makes it we go moniker is not the kind you can do in the behind
rack them
well he don't know where a stove goes i can see how there was some confusion
between humidor and unit horse
and then again saw the term cedar box
Mean saw her naked, stars reportedly to go in blind.
Now, please, he was working hard late nights in the over-rear fence,
working on a practical joke.
He took him back and knew though, put an explosion,
loaded for Monica, was blowing rings a smoke.
Outrages.
Build the guns and Monica's a giant of...
Oh, right.
She let's out of Giggle.
Every time he makes it we grow.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind,
but a cigar and herb a giant of she's all mine.
Oh, people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of fire husbands.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom, she was born in,
born in Al Gore, who was doing her with Bill Goldbong.
Build the guns and Monica's a giant of...
She let's out of Giggle.
Every friggin time he makes it we grow.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind,
but a cigar and herb a giant of she's all mine.
Oh, candy is that?
Yeah, that's not the recess.
Oh, yeah.
What you gotta do is take a tip of it all.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, right.
Oh, yeah.
All of these things.
Somebody has fact that it's a picture of an orthodox Jew,
typical stereotypical with a big black coat and a big black hat
and a long black beard and the glasses in a whole deal here.
And he's standing at the wailing wall.
Nachman Biden, he's Biden.
And he's reciting a prayer with a relative in France
who is on the mobile phone that Biden holds to the wall.
And George says maybe they have call wailing.
Oh, my God.
If you could see this picture, he's holding up the cell phone
against the wailing wall and they're going,
oh, my God.
They're doing the call wailing routine on a cell phone.
Jesus Christ.
I don't think he's saying that.
We'll bring this to our next story from Blanco, Texas
in their flowing black robes and matching hats.
The bearded monks of Christ of the Hills monastery
were four years merely a curiosity.
The faithful at the only Russian Orthodox monastery
in Texas living in the hilltop outside of town welcomed outsiders
who came to see their weeping icon of the Virgin Mary
and said little when they ventured into Blanco
to buy groceries or mail letters.
Lately though, the monastery's quiet world of worship has been shaken
and its relationship with Blanco towns people strained
by a sex scandal involving two monks.
Oh, my God.
Samuel A. Green, 54, known as Father Benedict
and Jonathan Hitt, 37, known as Father Jeremiah,
the hitman, no doubt, have each been charged
with three counts of indecency with a child.
The charges involve a male religious student
who lived at the monastery in 1997.
People fact in the church.
His age, of course, was not immediately available.
The most both Americans were arrested in January.
Ow!
More of that good old-time religion, baby.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Meal, how you doing, man?
Okay, sir.
You know, you could tell that guy was a computer guy.
He had a financial stake in all this crap.
Yeah.
That they're doing.
They're business, man. Huge business.
And if you think, I mean, they're not dumb enough,
they're going to go to office people.
You get little receipts, and you have to stop being,
get off your lazy ass.
Excuse my language.
And write it out.
All right, you write out your bill of lady,
and you give it to the truck driver, and you drive to the store.
Oh, my God. That's pretty complicated.
Oh, God. Right.
I mean, how did they ever transport all of these things
before computers?
Please, I should remember that.
Something I'm old enough to remember when it wasn't
that such thing, the old computers they had
were those big gigantic enormous that took up a whole room.
Those big gigantic reddish-tricks that they used to have
that made all that noise.
Yeah.
They ran on electricity.
I mean, please, I should remember a stockboy is going super fast,
putting the prices on the cans.
Right.
With those little pricing guns.
I remember stockboy going really fast, yeah.
I mean, please.
There's a little invention, American invention,
called a generator.
I remember in 1990, after Andrew, I used to work at Walmart.
They got a generator by the second day,
and they were running everything off of it.
You get a little cheap Casio register that doesn't need a date.
Now, you could run your business off that for a week, two weeks, however long it is.
Can we use boiling all their fun, though, to understand?
Yeah, all their fun.
Like I said, when you make it very simple,
when you take away all the BS and all the hysteria,
then it spoils their fun.
Oh, of course.
Like this computer was you doing referring to,
who's telling me that, well, you know,
basics you'll be able to get.
But anything exotic and erotic, forget about it.
Like I said, all my important stuff,
just in case the electricity goes off,
runs off my card DC battery.
So, you know, and I got a generator that retarges that,
so I don't give a crap.
Yeah, but do you better watch that?
Check the date on that generator.
Oh, yeah, right.
That's a great day, sir.
All right, man.
Okay.
Yeah, it's very simple,
and they're making it complicated.
That's the problem.
Big song and a dance.
Better get in there and stock up.
Air, how would you like to have all the stuff
referred to the money that represents
all the stuff that's been bought,
just in the last 10 or 15 years in this town,
by hysteria.
I don't want to make you created by Brian Norcross and others,
but especially by him,
with people slumping into their supermarkets
and the hardware stores,
and every other got convenience stores,
bottle and lumber and batteries,
and the you name it.
How would you like to have in a bank somewhere
where the amount of money represented by all of that crap
that's been bought up by people
that even worked up into a hysterical frenzy?
We have an open line, a day one in Broward,
5.6705, 60.560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Voka. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I'm just calling on what you would refer to
as one of these like right wing fascists,
but I'm not a right wing fascist.
You're self-proclaimed right wing fascist.
Well, that's just you would listen.
I basically, let me tell you something,
the problem with the Republican Party
is that, you know,
we got a few bad seeds in it, okay?
A few bad seeds?
A few bad seeds?
A few bad seeds? Okay, huh?
Just a few, huh?
Well, we've got a couple of them, okay?
Do you remember like 10 years ago,
if you were known as a liberal,
it was a bad thing.
Now it's turned around where,
if you're known basically as a conservative,
it's a bad thing.
Hey, you asked me,
can't my abuse on abortion?
Abortion?
I believe they, there's no problem.
It's a woman's right to choose.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, then you're out.
You can't be in a Republican Party with that attitude.
You know what?
There's a major problem with the Republican Party right now.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm having a problem with it.
Okay.
You know, you think there's a lot of people out there
and I'm a registered Republican.
I listen to you all the time.
Yeah.
I believe in free speech.
I believe in abortion.
You know, if the woman chooses,
I don't have a problem with gays,
I don't have a problem with blacks.
Then you can't be Republican in America today.
You're out.
You're out.
Well, yet it's got to be...
Yeah, no, no, no.
Hello?
Yeah, I'm here.
It's got to be something done there,
because it's given us a bad day.
Well, when you say it's got to be something done,
you're the ones that have to do it.
You self-proclaimed your Republicans
that are ones that are going to have to pick your party.
You know, with the public 80% of the Republicans
feel the same way I do.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, you're not getting your message through, man.
You know, as far as religion,
you want to ask me about religion,
yeah, I think it's all a cracker crap myself.
Then you're definitely out.
You're out.
Okay.
It's got to be a good...
You're the next communicated, man.
But it's got to be like a third party or something here,
because I mean, we're closer.
You know, I mean, I listen to you.
I mean, you're entertaining.
I listen to you all the time.
It's, you know,
and your views are not so far away from my views, okay?
Yeah.
On a few things.
So, one is that it makes you a Republican
based on the word of party is today.
What is it that makes you a Republican?
You want a big blanket?
Okay.
That's why I asked a question.
Okay. As far as...
Can I give you the gun issue with an example?
Yeah.
Okay.
I own guns, okay?
Now, let me ask you something.
If you commit a crime with a gun,
just like, you know, you call them a, uh,
a fascist, jab bush.
Let's see how he does.
Maybe he will cut out to be a fascist, okay?
But let's see.
The thing he is proposing right now,
where if you commit a crime with a gun,
you get a 10 years in jail.
No questions there.
Yeah, great.
Okay.
That's great.
Okay.
Okay.
If you shoot that gun,
even if you don't hit anybody,
you get 20 years in jail.
Yeah.
And if you shoot somebody and they get injured,
whether they die or not, 25 years in jail,
do you agree with that?
If you shoot some...
Say it again the last part.
Okay.
They don't even die.
I mean, if they die, you know,
you know, the world in this country,
you get 25 years in jail.
Well, now, let me ask you,
is this...
does this include bringing back Brian Blades to town?
Hey, I'm with you on that one, okay?
Oh, wait.
Now, I'm a sports fan.
Yeah.
Um, but that's one thing.
We're not so far off on these issues, okay?
Oh, what are these issues?
What are these issues?
Because I may agree with you on Capitol Funnyship.
Yeah, we can pass all the gun laws in that we want to.
So in other words,
the gun issue transcends everything else.
Is that what you're saying?
Oh, let me...
That's the most important issue.
The fact that the Republican Party now has been taken over
by a bunch of right-wing,
Bible-thumping anti-times within negative,
the blue noses,
that doesn't concern you.
I agree with...
Oh, we can turn to...
You can't have a major political party
based on one issue.
You can't have it.
Neil, let me ask you if you want drugs.
What's your view on drugs?
I have you on what drugs?
The fact that what you're talking about,
Merrill Wanda.
Merrill Wanda.
I have to ask you a question.
Merrill Wanda should be totally decriminalized.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
Hashtag the same thing.
Anything above and beyond that should continue to be illegal.
In fact, the penalties for cocaine,
crack cocaine,
should be stiffer than they are right now.
And I ask you something, Neil.
Here's my opinion on this.
As far as crack cocaine,
you can turn around and you can say,
look, as far as if you're addicted and stuff like that,
we'll go ahead for the next year.
I mean, the government should turn around and say,
for the next year,
we go ahead and we waive all penalties and stuff like that.
We'll set up free treatment clinics and stuff like that.
Hey, but now you're talking to Amsterdam.
Okay, you're talking stuff that's never going to happen here.
That's not going to happen here.
Now you're turning around and you tell as far as the deal is.
Hey, you have a year...
Sure, sure.
Let me say it again.
You're wasting your breath.
You're wasting good pure oxygen, okay?
Don't disagree with me, but that's not going to happen here.
Okay.
It's not going to happen here if the love people speak up.
And let me ask you this,
speaking of all the freedoms they have in Amsterdam,
how come people over there are running around,
including each other?
How come even most of the cops don't have guns?
Because maybe the way they raise.
Yeah, because maybe they're civilized.
You're going to say,
okay, thank you sir.
Maybe we need to be civilized.
Okay.
Hey, man, we came to a good point of agreement.
It's Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rock.
And your trail wasn't named and it turned off the savor for two.
Ooh.
You picked the channels for the petty grocery runs.
The stuff that pops up the food.
When the string was not ticking,
it was a string before he had done this.
He heard a rumor of Angela Spell and was a child.
I remember also when.
Oi.
The night that's where I started,
all the phones were ringing.
The night that's where I started to grow.
All the people were singing.
The night that's so big,
made some big channels that are not new.
Over the ground was a dangerous cow.
Rochelle lived in our TV.
Had a child a whiff on,
this was the reality.
How he's wandering,
his old boy clown had a hand in prank
and looking calm on the ground.
Working birdie now has to explain
when this is heard.
The common agent was found to sing.
The night that's where I started to grow.
All the phones were ringing.
The night that's where I started to grow.
This water sink is your beautiful oversteal.
You can't see it.
You can't see it.
He's serious.
It's 2335, 60 WQA.
Like I said before,
the night that's where I started to grow.
The night that's where I started to grow.
The night that's where I started to grow.
The night that's where I started to grow.
A state of national emergency has declared
a state of emergency may occur shortly before 2000.
The laws around the books and the military
are preparing for Y2K.
The thought of soldiers marching into the street
and a suspension of the Constitution is frightening to us freedom-loving Americans, but so is
the thought of lawless gangs taking control or an extended infrastructure power grid outrage.
We may have to compromise our freedom until order is restored.
In fact, given the alternative, the public may demand it.
The science-ful deployment of troops in major cities, the government may nationalize
and therefore control one or more key industries as listed under the President's Commission
along critical infrastructure protection, PCCIP.
Information and communications, gas and oil transportation, storage banking and finance,
transportation, water supply systems, emergency services, government services.
Oi! This may done, for example, for workarounds to be accomplished in the power industry to keep
the grid up. Regulations, insurance, rules, warranty, and federal or local laws restricting
the ability to do so would be lifted. Coordinated national efforts may be required to ensure
food and energy production and delivery, which would also include rationing to prevent
hoarding and rioting. And then we get to this whole deal about martial law.
If there's other countries that have been more open than the US in reporting their plans,
leading the pack is Canada. They're mobilizing all 60,000 troops considering and
invoking, of course they had like 4,000 troops or whatever, because they had some snow and
Toronto a few weeks ago, right? They've got to have something to do.
They're mobilizing all 60,000 troops and considering and invoking martial law
under the emergency powers, under the emergency powers act, New Zealand, Australia, and Britain have
also got extensive plans in the way. The degree and extent of martial law situation depends on
the severity of the disruptions why two-cable bring. They can probably be divided into three
degrees. Minor. Number one is minor, okay? Which would include deployment of national guard troops
in some cities, to quell rioting during local infrastructure and power failures,
with some emergency help and local authorities last no longer than a month, for only a month,
throughout with that, just a month to riot. Two, major. Full deployment of standard military and
guard, national guard in major cities, nationalization of one or more key sectors such as food and
energy production and delivery and transportation. This occurs if disruptions are so severe,
it severely happers the normal distribution of resources, temporary loss of freedoms.
Roy and three, third degree, as in don't give me the full deployment of troops,
large-scale catastrophic failures in all areas of infrastructure with replacement of financial
system. Wide spread civil chaos with long-term, indefinite suspension of the Constitution. Year
2000 elections canceled. Military rule over industrial and commodity production with rationing.
Is this incredible or what? Not that they're getting a little bit carried away. Are they,
you think they're getting carried away? I think they're right on target, baby. In fact,
we'll probably all be buying our stuff at Target. We have an open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7,
0, 5, 60, pound, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Hi, Alia. Hello.
Hey, you. Yes sir. That was wonderful. I love it. I love it when you just read out.
Well, let me add my two cents worth on the Y2K. Several months ago, I read an article on this particular
company that they're the ones I'd probably that started the history of Armageddon and predict,
that was going to break loose at the end of this year. Well, this particular company,
all they do is sell the software to, of course, to update the computers to the major companies in the
US, somebody major companies. Guess I might say tend to make this year alone. 10 billion.
800 million dollars. Like I said, it's not even a billion, small potatoes. Yep. And everything,
it's going to cause the US companies this year between 45 and 60 billion dollars. Yeah.
And somebody, uh, that's all right. We'll pay for it. Oh, yeah, no problem. No problem. Somebody
gave a perfect example. Say you were working at a, a food warehouse. Right. And on January 1st,
of 2000, the computer says all your food is a hundred years old. Mm hmm. Would in common sense,
dictate that you should not throw it away. No, no. If the computer says it's not ready to
use old, but in doubt, you got to throw it out. You got to throw it out. And it's just truly amazing,
truly, truly amazing. But that's a thank God where they're making stuff for good shelf life,
anyway, right? That is true. Right. And one final thing, Neil tell, um, tell George,
there's no fags in highly, yeah? Okay. Okay. There are only a Westland though. That's an
exception. That's a fag loaded zone. They got the Fag Free Zone, which is the West Island,
but a Westland in the T-rooms. So what about this, what about this, uh, where the hell is it?
2k problem. It was worth it. Had a kind of fumble around there a little bit.
It's not heavy on. It's no perillaid. It's not even tap water.
Taste like piss. It is. The new bottled water. So taste like piss because it is urine for a tree.
The new bottled piss water. The next time you want to quit your thirst, take a piss.
Yeah. Piss water from kidney bottling company. Golden shower Colorado.
Yeah, I got news for you. There's a little, uh, a little marketing idea for it. Come January one,
huh? Little little, uh, a little score. To make a fortune in no time and just capitalize on the
2k problem. 1244 at 560 WQM. I mean, just stop and think, how long have we been talking about
this? Why 2k for four years, five years at least? Especially last year, four years.
Now, it seems to me that if I'm like, you know, the chairman of the board of a major corporation,
I'm just going to sit back and say, ah, screw it. We don't want to spend the mind to do that.
Like public, for example, we're not going to worry about that. See, and another thing,
all this talk about, wow, you know, when I do when a January 1st comes, there's going to be all this chaos.
Well, what's going to happen on January 2nd? And January 3rd and the 4th and the 5th
and February and the week from the circus the next year. In other words, if they're not addressing it now,
if they haven't had enough time to address it now, what would be the logic that they would ever
address it? Is there any? No. No. So like I said, you're real cozy with Charlton Heston.
You son of a bitch. Here's the crawl spring. Hello. Good afternoon. You mentioned one of my favorite
stores before Target. And I'll get to them in a second about a month ago when you're buying
your toilet seat. You correctly ran and enraved about the lack of service. Most of these big
merchandisers. Right. And I was going to call you because I was in the Han for a ceiling fan. And I had
my own little nightmare. But I let it go. Yesterday took the cake, though. I had a lich know that this,
I'm returning something to Kmart. And I prefer Target. It's just easy to find stuff.
Yeah, Kmart sucks. That's what I hear. Target sucks. I said Kmart sucks. Oh my god. You know,
sometimes Target doesn't have what I need. Okay. I got a came watch. It returns something six
piece six or seven people online. The woman in front, the first customer is doing some exchange
with a bicycle. Taking 10, 15 minutes. Only one lady handling the customer service cabs.
They're luckily being from New York. A lot of New York is down here. And I'm not the only angry
person online. So a couple of other ladies started carrying on about how slow it was.
It gave me the clue that I can open my mouth even wider than it already was. So I'll ask for a manager.
Here's the conversation. Neil, excuse me manager, whatever it was. You got two registers over here.
You got all these people online. Why don't you get somebody else to help out in the customer service?
So I was well, only one register is for returns. What the hell is the other register for? The other
register is for purchases. They got 10 checkout counters over there with only three. If somebody wants
a buy something, go to the damn checkout counter. Right. Now the problem is we're supposed to be
coming west of a manufacturing society. More of a service economy. My only question. Where is the
damn service? If you want service and you go into Camar, I can guarantee you're going to be
real disappointed every time. Now, if you can open up the store, the thing about Target.
And I'll be a little bit politically correct even though I know you don't care. And you can
say whatever you want. Why is it? I don't know if Target is considered the higher end of the
three big, the big three merchandising stores. Camar, why is there a higher percentage of,
let's say people of the Caucasian persuasion? Is it a desh is my observation? I'm sorry.
A percentage of white people shopping Target? No, work there. I got a little bit of service to be
honest. Yeah. I don't desh is my observation. I have a lot of black friends on the musician.
This is just my observation. These people roam around. Yeah. Do nothing. Right.
Well, that would be like my asking you how come like in my public, there's like a higher percentage
of Caucasian working in there. As opposed to when I go into a wind dixie over in Barred Boulevard,
where there are no white people working in there and where they're standing around with the
checkout counter talking about who they're going to date that night and pay you absolutely no
attention whatsoever. Well, it's just sad. It's just sad. Yeah, I wish it was different than, and,
you know, I hate to break the news to you, but uneducated black people have to work somewhere.
You know what I'm saying? But I ordered I ordered Kentucky five the other night. Yeah.
Very nice black girl was the delivery girl. No, I said, I can't have a nice tip. Here's somebody
trying and trying doing something. Right. Yeah. As opposed to just sitting around and doing nothing.
What that means was people are working in black people are working in Kmart. I'm sitting around
and doing nothing. They're sitting there being whatever they are, which is dumb. If they're dumb,
which isn't to say that all black people working in Kmart are dumb, but the ones that I've encountered
are dumb. But there's also a trailer trash type people that work there who are white as the
fallen snow and they're dumb. I mean, when you come right down to it, what kind of a person is
going to be a cashier at Kmart? Like a road scholar, somebody with a degree, somebody with a
degree. And that's the problem. But I know when you're a retail customer and you're spending
your money, you want even if they're not going to give you service as far as helping you find
something, at least when you go to checkout and give them your money to pay for it, to give them your
cash, your credit card, something that they're going to be able to do it. That mistake.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing, man? Okay.
Talking about Camerara, I was there this week and buying just a couple of course,
a wall with somebody from my truck. I had to think to this young lady that I was giving her
change besides a 20-dollar bill and would type a change to give me back. I just tell you the
quality of a personnel that we have working at our local Kmart store. Exactly, which is why most
cash registers now, they show you, you know, you punch in whatever kind of bill the person gave you
and it shows you the change because the people can't make change. They can't even feel a change.
How are you going to make it? She couldn't figure that one out either. Right. Anyway,
Neil, I think you had this problem a couple of years ago. What did you do to get rid of these
fricking Jehovah witness people and Sunday morning at 8.30 in the morning ringing my belt?
Now, sir, I can't get back. Next time they come back, I want to come out, start making and
stand in this door. They might like it. That's a
mission. I can't see you. You win both ways. Listen, before I got to go, before I leave,
check your wires. It just hot off the presses. Another one of the NFL's
Falcunes under arrest. You have somebody called by that before. Tony Martin. More prostitution.
No, money laundering and drugs. Tony Martin. Tony Martin. Tony Martin. Check it out.
Federal court this afternoon. Is it right? And he was with the Falcunes. I thought he was playing
for San Diego. No, he played this year for the Falcunes. He was here last week at the soup bowl.
Oh my God. Thanks for the good news. All right, bye. Okay. We'll check that on our
sports wire because we're on top of everything. Are we? No. I don't know. If there's anything
going on in the world, you know what? No. No. Open line of day one and brides. The cheapest
bastards in the history of mankind. Do we have a newswire? No. Do we have a sports wire that's
going to anything correct that somebody might want to know? No. But don't get started on that
again. By the way, you know, I'm feeling so good today. Not only am I getting rid of this crap,
but also haven't seen our good friend Ben down yet today. Thank God. He's probably going up and
down the shaft still. Here's a Bonita Springs. Hello. Okay. What is this? Hello. Bonita Springs.
Hello. Yes. Hello. Yes. Neil, what's happening? How you doing? Good. You've been talking a lot
about all these big merchandise stores, Target and Kmart. Just wanted to let you know about a
www.countdown9199. It's a revenue sharing consumer site where consumers can purchase
hitting September 199. Where consumers do what? Purchase. Consumables. Yeah. And with all this
Y2K junk that's going on and stuff you're talking about, where you're talking about people are
going to be trying to make a lot of money on this. This is a place to be. Stop worrying about
all the Y2K junk because in my eyes, what I'm seeing here and what's going on with the
with the internet is huge. Yeah. Okay. Okay. We have an open line of days. 5, 6, 7,
he said it's huge. Okay. Do we care that it's huge? No. Maybe somebody does. 5, 6, 7,
05, 60. Pound 5, 60 on a mobile line. He said it's really, really big.
Pound 5, hello. Hello. Neil. Yes. This whole Y2K problem is crap because all it is is Bill
Gates is going to sell you some software for a low price of $49.95. Right. And if you don't buy it
by the time New Year's comes around this year, you're going to say he's going to jack up the price
to whatever the hell he wants to afterwards saying, oh, if you don't do it now, you know, 2001,
then it's really going to cause problems and whatnot. And I know you were talking about the bad
services target and came up. No, I wasn't talking about target. I never, I never, I never
ever went into a target. Well, came up and whatnot. Right. I work in the service industry at a
restaurant and in Pemberg Pine. So you got to understand we get all the village people and what
not all the yeah, exactly. And when you get those people coming in for lobster dinners at 430
and whatnot, I mean, they're so annoying that even if you get cool customers that come in and
want to be nice people, you still act like an ass because of those people that came in earlier.
Right. I understand when, you know, those those old people that are so bitter about their lives that
they have to make everybody else's life. They come in the came aren't they? You know, they want
this and that. And those people just get sick of it. No, but I'm not talking about surly people.
I'm not talking about people that are, you know, got a short temper. I'm talking about people that
are just unbelievably slow and dumb. Well, I mean, there's a low end dumb. You got to think about
what they're working for. It's not really even worth it. Yeah. It's not worth, you know, if you,
if I'm working a cable, you know, something, if they're working for such pathetic wages,
how come there's never any checkouts open? You know, the came out over by me by the sawgrasp
there by publics. That that came out if there's ever more than two checkouts open. It's a they have
a play throw party. It's a miracle. Well, that's the that's the manager of the store saving money.
Yeah. If there's if there's X amount of customers, he only has to open up to read it.
But did it ever dawn on the mass since there's a Walmart across the street that's doing an
askick and business? Did it ever dawn on him that maybe one of the reasons that a lot of us don't
go back there is because you could never check anything out? Well, maybe that's true, but, but
that doesn't matter to him because all he's doing is running his store and collecting his pay check.
Yeah. And well, it must matter to somebody, somebody's somewhere in a corporation because that's
there is usually empty. You could run bullying balls up and down the aisles and there's nobody in there.
And part of the reason being that you can't get any service. You can't get out of that joint.
If you go, but if you say that the corporation people are making the decisions, they're not there
and they're off inside. In fact, now I'm going to tell you something. There used to be a chain.
It was associated with words called Jefferson's. Do you remember Jefferson department stores here?
Uh-huh. And I remember years ago screaming about the same thing. And Jefferson said, you know,
more more upscale merchandise than came art. They were like, you know, one or two rungs on the
ladder above came art. They had these merchandise, but it was the same thing. You could never get out of there.
They think they might have 30 checkout aisles and maybe one of them was open. Maybe one or two of you were lucky.
Oh, that's the way that's the way they're running. And it's getting a long gone. Instead of opening up, you know,
10 check-ups out of business. Instead of opening up tech check, uh, 10 checking counters where you can just
zip people through. They want to buy their products. They're going to save money and only pay two people
to run the register. Well, they haven't had any didn't say enough money. Have a great day, sir.
They haven't only didn't the point I'm trying to make, which I'm not so sure you understand, is that they
chased all the customers out. I can think of more than one time that I was in a Jefferson store,
the one by me, wherever the hell I was living at the time. And, uh, you know, had a had a basket full of stuff.
And I just finally walked down this dust and said to myself, there's nothing I'm going to get here
that I can't buy someplace else. I'm not going to stand here for 45 minutes while there's one person
with 30 people lined up in front of me. And of course, every transaction just like it came art,
every transaction, they got to pull the little button off the thing. They got a pocky round with this.
They go, oh my god. Not like going to the supermarket with the UPC thing we were talking about before
with it right through it. They'd scan it in two seconds, not like that. Every transaction, they got a
dittle around and they kind of like sit there off the side of the chair and they're like, uh, forget it.
And you're about number 18 online and you got 17 old glam standing in front of you who are buying
next year's Christmas decorations because it's 95% off. And none of them have the right price
marked on them anyway. Great business, baby. That's the American fucking way. Right. Which is why there's
no more Jefferson. And, uh, some of these other chains are going to go right into it just a matter of time.
It's still a lot of just a lot of work.
25
Why
you
And we believe it's the end of the world
And see the market, crashing our down
Or there's a little any of the long times
Or something's going on
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
No, it's interesting that even before they had computers
at the end of every century
it's the same kind of hysteria
Even with our computers, how do you like that?
People are going crazy. Oh, it's the end of all time. What are we going to do?
The sky is falling
So anyway, I got a piece of copy that talks about the holidays coming
But anyway, that's okay. I'll just I'll just move right along
I understand we don't worry about that sort of thing here. I've been well conditioned for the last
of 13 months, whatever it is. We just don't care. Don't you understand?
Just put it back on the log. Don't worry about that.
That a boy Ray.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
I've got a couple of things on my mind. Why should you care first?
You know, I read a thing in the business section yesterday
that says that the ZIPZAT machines are going to be more popular now. There's going to be a run on them.
The ZIPZAT machine is a credit card in printer.
You're the manual
so that your computer goes down, your terminal goes down,
you stick the card in, you imprint the flip manual,
and then you call for an authorization.
Yeah.
So that's, they think a lot of merchants are going to be going into the
small merchants.
What do we know?
Smaller merchants.
Yeah, exactly. But again, that's not at least my point.
It seems to me that a lot of the smaller merchants like the
Mom and Pop grocery stores and all of me see a windfall from all this. That's if in fact
it never materializes. Of course, that's the question. Will it ever materialize?
And like you said, is there a big chain that's going to actually let this happen?
I don't know how old you are, but I can remember back in the days before we had all this
computer crap, and you take your credit card into a place.
And if it was like a couple hundred dollar purchase, like in Jordan Marsh,
which I don't exist anymore either, but you go in there, you give them the credit card,
and they would do the imprint like you're talking about.
And then they would actually call to get approval to check your credit balance.
You know, see if you had credit or not, and with Visa, MasterCraft, that's the way it always used to be.
I'm old enough that I remember when there was no credit point.
And remember when I used to have the book, the booklets with all the numbers of the
canceled cards, remember that?
Right. And you know something, somehow we still survive.
Absolutely.
Somehow people still did business.
We're still kicking.
Right.
The other thing is, did you know that there's a New George Carlin Special on HBO?
No.
Started this weekend.
And you have got to see it because he addresses all the major points of things you've
been talking about.
Like, it's just one example.
This you go girl phrase.
Yeah.
You got to go.
That's his quote.
He talks about God's plan.
God, you know, God's will and his divine plan.
And the irony about praying to God.
And I mean, you get a big kick out of it.
So you might want to look for it.
The other thing I want to talk about is the thing about the millennium itself, you know,
the Y2K.
Why?
Get that.
I mean, that's it.
I happen to be channel surfing the other morning.
And I happen across, I think C-SPAN, it was the prayer breakfast that they had in Washington.
And the president was there.
Yeah.
When I turn it on, you'll never get to got up and set a prayer.
Dr. Lourish, left and jerk.
Oi!
You see, we should pray and they got our naked pictures out the internet.
I bet that's what that was about.
You got it.
And I just want to say that the most reprehensible person I've ever seen on television at any time is Lindsey Graham from South Carolina.
In fact, he's one step away from entry.
You know, I'm sorry that I ever grew up in South Carolina and I've been saved.
Okay, pal, it'll be over soon.
You're right.
See ya.
We have an open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
They're all the same.
Asshole Hutchinson.
And then his brother, the senator, the other Hutchinson, the other asshole.
Oh, so anyway, broken Brian says we had to play cut number 26 on here without, huh?
Let's try it.
Let's see how far we can get.
Oh, I guess that's the story we're going to get.
Oh, okay, moving right along, singing a song.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The public rebelling from Hi, Alia.
See?
See.
The reason, uh...
See this?
The reason most Cubans, the most people in Malia, or South Florida as a matter of the majority, are not Democrat, is we have, first of all, we have this grudge against the Kennedy family.
Yeah.
Talk about holding a grudge.
And talking about some of the points...
I mean, who would you rather do if you were still here, Jackie Kennedy or Alia and a gross Lateman?
Oh, my gosh.
Yeah.
That would be a tough choice.
In fact, even now, there are some who would still pick Jackie.
Jackie, I would tell you.
They either one.
The main point where you find a lot of...
In my opinion, a lot of videos that support the Republican Party is on a lot of the social issues.
And like in my second sense, and against totally against whoever.
I don't believe it should exist in the...
Yeah.
Well, looking at how many people they knocked off the welfare rolls with Clinton in their last time I checked he wasn't Republican.
Right, exactly.
And in another part that I think the Democrats have.
Yeah.
Because every major war has been issued in by the Democratic Party president.
Yeah.
Looks like the Civil War.
No, no, no, no.
In fact, wasn't Lincoln the first Republican president and wasn't he presiding over the Civil War?
That's correct.
Right.
And instead of impeaching him afterward, it just, like that.
Yeah.
Exactly.
All right, we're...
Just wanted to mention about a good date.
And I'll stick him over to this.
We have an open line at day one in Broward.
566, 705, 60, and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Everybody's whipped up today about the...
Whatever the hell that thing is.
I just can't get this right today, you know?
I'm just uncoordinated.
That was a great lunch though, by the way.
I think that's what I'm still thinking about as the next one on Wednesday.
God was that good.
In fact, if you want to get something really great, go over to the sub-center across this.
I'm going to get this street from our 441 on Ives Dirt in Tilt Shuck.
I want the same chef salad like George and Eelhan.
Cumble.
Is that what he calls it?
Cumble chef salad.
Boy, that good.
Mmm.
I mean, I haven't had meat in my mouth like that since, uh, I'd say last weekend.
Eight minutes after one at 560, W2QM.
Hey, you want a lot of late-pop little boy?
Tonight, earn any biography.
Salutes, black history month.
Hello, I'm Jack Perkins.
Join me for a look at the legacy.
I'm African-Americans who contributed to the black culture of today.
And Tim Morley.
Homs Maintly.
Slapy Wife.
Eddie Anderson.
Moscow Lee Brown.
Chelsea Brown.
Rocky Allen Ripley.
Eugene Robinson.
Kim Moore.
Moe Fly.
Shirley Hampton.
Gopped Codon.
Lawrence Wilton Jacobs.
Melvin Moore.
Melbeth O.
Lowanda Page.
Sambo.
Jackie Mopha.
Farina.
Buckweed.
Staff and Fadget.
Irkhol.
Ernest Dean Wade.
Godfrey Camerick.
Whitman Mayall.
Butterfly McQueen.
Johnny Brown.
Big Mate Markham.
Willie Tyler.
Dan Lester.
Paul This One.
On TV.
Why?
2K.
Okay, it's 1-13.
That is our production guy, Sam 2K.
That's the deal.
He is a big problem.
We have an open line in day one in Broward.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Pound 5-60 on the AT&T line.
The Hank Goldberg show is at your list day two live today.
Two to six.
Luke Shamby is live as he'll ever be between six and seven.
And then we got the Guilty on a pregame show.
The Panthers at a St. Louis Blues 7-39.
What's his name, by the way?
What's his name?
No Pavlo.
Pavlo.
What's his name?
You're dumb.
You're really dumb.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
To my fright, I've discovered a whole new Maloney Mania.
I was looking at the crib of my hand.
Oh, oh, yeah.
I was looking at the crib of my hemorrhage cream.
It expires January 0-0.
I'm really worried about that.
What a pain in the ass, that is.
I'm really worried about the condition of my...
Brackum.
Thank you.
And I don't know what to do about it.
I'm going to have to get...
Great.
When in doubt, get him slipped out.
In fact, Georgia gave it the name of number of a guy.
We'll also give you some great magnets for your shoes, by the way.
Oh, yeah.
A great asshole, doctor.
We have an open line at Broward to a date.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
A couple of callers ago, one guy was talking about how the people working in K-Mart and Wal-Mart
are wherever are working for such minimum wages and you can't expect them working any faster.
I don't know about you, but when I was working for minimum wage, when I was first starting out in my life,
I said, you know, 14, 15 years old, I worked harder and worked faster to try to move up.
I don't say at a minimum wage.
Right.
That's a terrible way.
In addition to what's there, something I know has made come as a revolutionary concept.
But when you go into a retail establishment, you don't care what the people are making.
They've got a job willingly.
Nobody held a gun to their head and said, you've got to take this job.
So when I go in there, you have every right to expect decent service.
And not somebody sitting there like you're intruding on their nap time.
And the worst thing is you go in there and you hear them saying they'll talk to the other cashier next to them and they'll sit there and say, oh, I'm tired.
I'm sick of this job or you know what you do this weekend.
Always very good PR.
You know, just quit and the customers don't want to hear that.
If you don't like it quit, go collect them and do what they want to do anyway because they don't really want to be working.
They're sitting there bitching about it and leave.
I'm going to tell you something.
There's a wind dixie store, which the only reason I ever shop there is because my mailbox is my private boxes over in that area.
I've brought a boulevard in plantation.
I'm going to tell you something.
The people that work in that store, the cashier type people.
I have never in my life anywhere encountered such indifferent cavalier, bizarre people who all talk to each other trash about again.
And I'm talking about they know you're listening to the conversation because they talk about as I am right now.
They ignore the slap the change in your hand without saying thank you without saying it up your ass anything.
It's like you're just intruding under conversation like why are you bothering them?
Right. They're not there to work there. They're to socialize.
They can get paid to socialize with their friends because usually they're high school kids or just out of high school.
They're socializing with their friends or socializing with co-workers.
And they want to just get paid not being key means.
You're bothering them for them to do their job.
That's why I almost never shop in a joint like that.
But you're right about that Walmart and that came army for two stores right across the street from each other.
You would think that the population would be split up amongst the two.
But you go into that came army. It's ghost town.
I mean, I can't figure it out.
And like I said before, you figure it out very easily because anytime you go in there, if you got one or two items, wouldn't you think that it should be mandatory?
There would be like an express line in there like there isn't a supermarket.
So if you got like the guy said before, you got a couple of cans of oil, load of oil, whatever.
You don't want to stand online for 35 minutes to buy a couple of crappy cans of oil or whatever you got.
Well, it's not always the cashier either. It's the people that are in the line.
You know, you could make out your check except for the amount before you get to the cashier.
You know you're writing it to Walmart or Kmart. You know you have to sign it. You know what today's date is.
That's not going to be a surprise.
Yeah, but now you're talking about consideration. I mean, you're getting carried away.
They don't dig out their money out of their purse or well, then they don't have money.
But these are the same people that pull up to the exact change lane on the turnpike.
And then start funding your amount with dollar bills and looking around to see who's going to come out and give them change.
Well, hey, it's South Florida. It's all here and good luck with it.
Okay.
We have an open line of date one and power five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
Let me say it again. If you work in retail, don't sit there with an attitude because guess what?
Any of us with a brain we're not going to come back.
We do not be coming back.
And like I said before, when you go into a supermarket and you walk through those swinging doors and the first thing that hits you when the face is the smell of rotten fish.
Oh my god.
And then you know, most of the stuff that you buy is in tightly sealed packages.
Thank God.
You know what I'm talking about?
Real tightly sealed, hermetically sealed packages as opposed to laying out loose that might like pick up some of the aroma and some of the ambiance from whatever.
Around in the air that you're smelling.
God, really appetizing.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey Neil, you hate fish.
What is it? Yes.
I would have never guessed it.
Uh huh.
Hey, uh.
Not in the fishprale.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wouldn't, I wouldn't have guessed that one.
Uh, I wanted to give you my uh, I actually this place has the best service.
I was like any place in South Florida.
I don't know how, how, I think this is a national channel. I'm not sure.
But um, the only time is the only time I saw sports equipment sports authority.
Yeah.
Anytime you buy something from sports authority, it could be a 30 year old racket.
If it cracks, you take the racket to them.
They look in the book.
They say, okay, this is the last time we, we sold it.
It was at this price.
And we can give you a stock.
I mean, anything.
They take that.
They don't give you our time.
They know that they're made.
I think there's the way that they're thinking.
I don't know.
They're making money.
They know that they can get these products from the company or at least, you know,
get some type of credit for the broken material.
So it's like an exchange.
They do it as, I think they do it as a courtesy to the people, you know.
But then I go into seers and you're trying to buy something like, like, like,
if you try to buy units, yeah, to get the washing machine,
oh, they'll give it to you quick.
But so like, actually, when they put it in the truck, it's like a air spill makes them
perfect.
They don't help you out.
So that's all I got for you, you know.
Okay.
All right.
And Tom, Tom Christianer and Tossless, whatever he said, he's talking to,
oh, he talked.
We have an open line today at five six seven, oh five,
60 pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So whatever happened with that guy in North Carolina, he's been saved yet.
Huh?
From up in your, he's hanging out in Georgia's vacation home up in their North Carolina,
up in the wood.
He's not saved yet.
He's working on it.
Open line in Dead County, five six seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, I talk to you too.
If you rush, I ask you to pay for three billion because they can't get the nukes, right?
Yeah, it's a...
Take our chances with it, okay?
Great.
Okay.
And then, yeah, I think the Y2K got his phone.
10 months and 20, whatever days or early, the Y2K got your phone value lose.
Open line in Broward, five six seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
See the important things like nuclear weapons stuff like that.
Yeah, we got to be a little bit concerned about those things, don't you think?
Yeah, that kind of stuff.
But, we're going to about, you know, where you're going to get your next roll of toilet paper?
I mean, Jesus Christ, do it the old fashioned way.
Go out in the tree and get...
Go out in the backyard and get yourself a good palm tree, huh?
In fact, maybe you get yourself an allo plant between now and the first of the year, huh?
Because that allo would be really soothing for your...
Yeah.
So then you'd have an impetus to squeeze it real hard and the plant too.
Brackdomite.
Oh, would that be soothing or what?
Here's a mobile in Miami, sure, is hello?
Hey, Nea, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, have you heard the latest Falcunes?
The latest one?
The Falcunes, another one out there.
Yeah, we already just had the word, Tony Martin.
Yeah.
Nice going, Tony.
Ow!
That is money laundering.
Thanks for the good news.
All right, nice going, Tony.
How's Mark Dupor doing, by the way?
Have I seen him lately?
No.
Some human scum, baby.
That's your professional athlete.
Not all of them, just two goddamn men, too many to suit me.
Too many to freak and suit me.
Mike Tyson back in jail again.
One call on that today.
You know something we ought to be having a major party about it.
And we got a bunch of guys out there looking their wounds.
Because, uh, what are we going to do now?
We're going to have another one of those pay-per-view deals.
Because not even if he doesn't go to jail again in Indiana,
which he probably will on top of the six months that he's going to serve here,
which is a year they say he'll get out for good behavior in six months.
Even if he doesn't go back to jail,
they're saying he's going to probably almost certainly lose his license now,
the box.
Oh, wouldn't that be a shame?
Poor baby.
I mean, how many chances do you get, Lawrence Taylor?
How many chances do you get, Mike Tyson?
How much money do you have to make before we're supposed to say that?
I'm just not feeling sorry for you anymore,
because you're a professional scumbag.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
You helped me out.
I had a moment of clarity this weekend.
Yes.
And let me explain.
I went to a wedding on Saturday,
and I had a sitting church for like an hour.
Oh!
And I was raised Jewish.
So, yeah, I've maybe done three churches.
And I'm looking around the symbols.
And they're like scary.
But one symbol brought, you know,
an amazing habit from the class.
It was a sword with two hatchets crossing it
and chance connecting it.
And I realized what you said this week,
who invented God.
It was the people that needed this.
Yeah.
The reason the rape pillaging kill.
And then you invented Satan.
The victims.
You know, oh, you're bad.
You must be Satan.
But you have to believe before you die.
Yeah.
So, I just had this moment of clarity.
It's called an offer you can't refuse.
Right.
So, I realized that.
Because all the symbols were like,
I mean, I don't really believe in organized religion.
I don't doubt it or anything.
But I mean-
What would mean you don't doubt it?
What does that mean?
I believe that if I'm just kind, kind, kind person.
And I try not to have to-
So, what does that have to do with religion?
Because I believe like, you know, just being kind.
Then why do I have to really believe that there's a-
Why do you have to believe in fairy tales
to be a decent person?
Why are you that necessary?
Exactly.
I'm trying to-
Not necessary, sir.
DNH.
Do no harm.
That's it.
Exactly.
And that is the answer to the whole wide-to-case.
On January 1st, 2000,
we're going to just look at each other
and give each other a handshake.
Maybe things go or a hug.
Yeah.
You know?
Yeah.
Maybe a campaign-
Okay. Listen.
George has got some good pills he's going to send.
You give him your address.
Okay.
He's got some good medication.
He'll tear up your problem.
Woo!
Just remember folks.
Why?
2K is on the way.
Sam 2K is on the way.
By the way, they give away you that crap on Friday
without the silly thing they were trying to do.
I don't think so.
All right.
Let's hear it.
Okay.
See, that's the juvenile level that this business operates on.
It's monkey business here.
That they screwed up my whole show on Friday
with the first hour of technical nightmare again.
And so, well, let's try to do-
I mean, remember, we'll kill eight birds with one stone.
Well, pretend we're trying to do something for a neo show,
even though we really don't want to do that.
And we'll go out and we'll give away a bunch of useless crap
that nobody wants.
And maybe we'll meet some hot chicks out there
over the pizza lot to get laid,
which I don't think any of the above.
Did they any of the above get to-
No.
Instead of fixing stuff and then, you know,
presenting us with a professional operation here with Woods
to work, that's too complicated for them.
So let's do it on a really juvenile pathetic level,
which is the only way they know how to operate,
because it all comes right from the top.
Juvenile pathetic.
But a real sports maven, baby,
is the guru.
That pretty soon can be wearing those neighborhood jackets.
Now that NBC is upset with a 60s bull crap,
you know something I hate to break the news
to the people at NBC.
The 60s are gone.
So horrendous, so embarrassing.
It's like that big chill crap, you know?
Always trying to go back and re-
even the 50s are gone.
Even Aussie and Harry ain't feeling too good right now.
Rich not doing too good either.
And David, boy, you seen him lately?
Wow.
Woo!
You believe in God.
Take a look at David Nelson.
Take a look at any of those people
they used to be young when we watch him on TV
and what they look like now.
I can only imagine what West Morgan looks like
from my life of Riley.
Huh?
You don't even know what that show do you?
Life of Riley?
William Benedict?
William Benedict Arnold, William Benedict?
And West Morgan is Jr.?
That's the honey Jr.
Dr. Samuel Jr.
Two tables, boom, you're swimming.
And two of three eggs, white.
I have a stick of butter.
Oh, no, take.
Stick it all in a bow, baby.
Huh?
Stick with a quick spoon.
Mix in a cup of flour.
You'll be in the Harry suit.
That's what I thought I'd have seen.
My balls are big and salty and brown.
Hey!
Can you have any of the quick pick me up?
Just take my balls and you're my...
Ooh!
Just take my chocolate, salt and bone.
Okay.
Stick it on your mouth and suck them.
Huh?
Just take my chocolate, salt and bone.
They're fast food by the mud and good for you.
Just take my balls.
What a couple of months we've been in chocolate.
And a half a cup of brandy.
Just throw it back into a sugar.
And just to finish up a meal up.
Breathe out the cookie sheet.
Cause I hate when my balls get.
This free heater I want to be sitting.
And give up through the lid.
Hey!
Say you ever try to have a sitting my balls.
They're big and salty and brown.
If you ever need a quick pick me up.
Just take my balls and you're my...
Just throw my chocolate, salt and bone.
Put them in your mouth and suck them.
Just throw my chocolate, salt and bone.
Get back full of goodness.
High and fight up.
Get back full of goodness.
Get back full of goodness.
Get back full of goodness.
Hey, wait a minute.
Look at this mirror.
This mirror likes something burning.
Well, that's all for fun, Vinda.
Now I gotta get my money if they don't fly.
If you better get back in the kitchen.
Cause I gotta sneak in suspicion.
Oh man, baby.
Baby, you just burned my bow.
Come on, my balls don't fly.
I'm not stupid.
The ball is burning.
I'm keeping the ball.
Push the ball open.
The ball is burning.
Oh, my goodness.
The ball is burning.
This is happening.
Ooh, just throw my chocolate, salt and bone.
Put them in your mouth and suck them.
Help my baby.
Just throw my chocolate, salt and bone.
Put them out, baby.
Blow.
Just throw my chocolate, say, hey.
Just throw my bow, say, hey.
Go throw my bow, man.
Stop it, stop it, ball.
Come in, baby.
Woo, well, stop it, ball.
134.560 WKM.
Russia requests U.S. self with Y2K computer fixes.
Russia needs up to shut up already.
Up to $3 million in the faculty or 2000 computer glitch.
Six times the original estimate.
The top official allowance wins.
They as you appear to the U.S.
and NATO to help fix computers that control Russia's nuclear weapons.
Oh, last month U.S. Deputy Defense Secretary John Hammer
acknowledged some nervousness in Washington about the potential computer problems in Russia.
So now they get to $3 million.
Just forget about that Manatee project, okay?
Just take the $3 million from that.
What?
Oh, seriously, all these guys have animal huggers and tree huggers out there.
Like, you know, little kids, human beings get shot, get murdered.
You know, all kinds of stuff goes on.
Two seconds on the news, if that.
But these stories about, did you see about the sperm whale?
And the one whale was sick and was dying and the other whale died already.
Goes on forever.
All these big longs.
You know something?
We'll send them flowers, okay?
I thought what you were going to say.
Yeah, that was what I was going to say.
That I could say.
Effort.
That's what I was going to say.
With a goddamn whale.
I'm so sick and tired of these assholes on these TV stations that determine what's on the news.
This is a news story that we got a six sperm whale.
And we got all these volunteers that are in this big pool and 24 hours a day.
They're moving to keep it moving.
They're taking turns in the pool, slipping it around.
And then, of course, there'll be a bulletin on there.
And probably on Channel 7, there'll be hyperventilating.
It died.
It died.
It died.
But, you know, some kid that got shot in the crossbar because we live in a goddamn military zone.
And we're in a slaughterhouse.
And in a warehouse found, you know, maybe three seconds we get that on there.
Because we're concerned about the whales and the manatees and about the, you know, the big ol' trees, all that other stuff.
And who was on their knees at the White House?
That's what we're concerned about.
You know, they're doing their closing arguments by the way, thank God.
You know, Chris Dodd from Connecticut, a great line in noon.
They hit him on CNN.
And then they're asking these idiotic questions.
Because how many times can these idiots get up there and repeat the same thing over and over and over again?
And they said, well, you know, what are you expecting?
What would you like to hear during these closing arguments these next three days?
And Chris Dodd said, we yield back the balance of our time.
That's what I'd like to hear from both sides.
And get this crap over with that guy that got arrested.
Remember, I mentioned that last week?
Got arrested for shouting out in the gallery.
For God's sake, take the final vote and get this over with.
They arrested the guy.
Instead of, they should give them the Congressional Medal of Honor to keep it speaking for 250 million people with a brain in this country.
Nice going, sir.
God bless you.
Here's a mobile and Pemberg Pine.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you tell me the name of that drug that you were talking about before with all the side effects?
Adalettes.
Well, but if you look at any of the PDRs, you'll find that almost every prescription drug's got a whole bunch of them.
But Adalettes got 20 million of them.
Is that the generic or that's just one of the brand names?
Pro-Cardin is the name.
Pro-Cardin.
All right.
That's all I need in the know.
Okay.
Thanks.
When it's out to keep it out of your body.
Well, I mean, you know, if you got to take it, you got to take it.
I took it for two years, never had any problems.
And then all of a sudden it was like, oh!
You know those things and then some, like, you name it.
We have an open line in the day, 56670560, and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line 22 till 2.
At QAM.
For sure, Nicole.
Fight me.
I want to know if my Tyson will fight me.
Yes.
I hope he likes me.
Should he want me?
I'll be there if he invites me.
For 30 million, I'll be a sport.
I'll then wail the truth.
He wants more.
And Tyson can fight me.
Like any mortgage board of boxer food.
Speaking of animal lovers, by the way, better get a lot of your doggy food before the Y2K, huh?
Better get lots and lots and lots, bagfuls, canfuls, sackfuls, whatever can you be feeding.
And you people that feed, like, you know that some people that do like the rice and lamb thing and these like real meat chicken and rice, whatever.
You better be chopping up lots and lots of chickens.
In fact, just take a little late at night when nobody's watching.
Just drive through like little, a little, a little, a little, a, a, Haiti.
And pick up all those dead chickens out of the lawn there, man.
Just chop that, those babies up.
You better have like 50,000 pounds of that stuff.
Because after January 1, we're all going to be going hungry.
We're going to be doing the, uh, Skatkins diet, with you want to or not.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Okay. I was wanting to comment on that guy about the retail business.
Yeah.
I want to explain something here.
Go ahead, explain it away.
I've worked for K-Mart for about two years.
Yeah.
And believe me, I can say that I was one of the best because I helped all my customers.
But I'll tell you one thing.
It's not always the associates fault.
Of course, I do agree.
The one?
Yeah.
Or associates.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, the other little peon.
Anyway, the thing is, is that some of the associates tend to get the added...
Are the associates?
Yeah, associates.
What about that?
Or that's usually a term for sales person.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
So do you say sales hole?
Well, that's...
That's not a term.
Oh, crap.
That's simple enough.
No, but I'll tell you what the thing is.
One thing they probably don't mention about some of these, uh, national retail outlets, such as K-Mart.
Yeah.
Because the thing is, is that there is, like, an attitude with some companies that they'll pick one certain K-Mart.
And whenever they got, like, a new idea on how to sell things, or how they want to do a new operation, they'll usually take that K-Mart.
And they will play Tilly Winks with it for all its worth.
In other words, it's like, one day you could be expecting to do, like, say, you would be paying up...
Like, if you wanted to go to checkout, you would have all your lines, though, but you would even have an express line.
And then there are just some days in which they decide, well, we're only going to have one, two, or three, and basically, uh, well, kiss your, um, um, uh, kiss your...
Yeah, I got it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway.
I'm not in your office, so I'm not like, I'm not in the office.
I'm going to have to reach a...
The point?
The point.
The point.
All right.
Well, what is the point of this?
The point that they're playing with themselves, yeah?
The point of it is, is that basically you can't blame the associates.
Okay, have a great day.
If he would have said, I was going to say, if you said associate one more time, I was going to hang up too late.
Too late.
What he's trying to say is that the people who are working K-Mart are like, uh, bright people and right on top of stuff, and that is what he's trying to say.
Maybe he was, maybe, but I have my doubts.
Okay, we have two of them.
In fact, he reminded me kind of the thing that they heard upstairs, you know?
Probably kin.
Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, and pound, five, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pemberg Pines. Hello.
Hello, Neew.
Yes?
How you doing, Neew?
Okay.
Hey, I guess Peter Wrell, and he must be ecstatic because he's in the minor leagues.
You don't have to deal with Tony Twist tonight.
Yeah.
Well, and I'd just another thing to Canadians, they have four legitimate all-stars, and they can't score any goals if they're nets like four.
Okay, great. Well, that's good.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward to and date, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, and pound, five, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
You're a little bit too early, sir.
Okay, you want to call up a sports show that'll be acting to a clock.
We're in the middle of the word.
The middle of solving the most important problem in the history of the human god damn race to...
Why?
...to K-problem.
And this guy's talking to China about Peter Wrell, okay?
Like I said, about the so-called hockey fans in his town.
You can't complain about them because basically they don't exist.
Well, very few exceptions.
Peter Wrell, he's a hockey player like my little miniature pincher is going to solve the Y2K problem.
In fact, there's a better chance of that happening.
Here's Open Park. Hello.
Hey, how are you, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I got... I got three or four things for you.
Go ahead.
Whatever happened to McCrye, whatever happened to Woolworth, whatever happened to Dair,
so that the Dover Square would have a computer city.
I mean...
The computer city is out of business?
Oh, yeah.
And I don't think so.
Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, they are out of business.
And by the way, why did the bank...
So, what is that? A rhetorical question or what?
No, I'm just saying, these people didn't get services.
And there was another one in the public who won down in Florida based one that he went to the store.
Sort of a regular clothing store you went in there.
And of course, all the way around, like you turned around,
lights on when the cockroaches ran.
And the final thing is...
And the final thing is...
Why did... Why did banks have tin...
Why did they have...
Tin or 12, a teller thinks, and there's only two people attending.
Yeah.
For the same reason that you go into Kmart and there's 30 checkout lines
and there's only one or two people be ten of them.
Oh, man. This...
Because it makes it...
It makes psychologically, it gives you the idea that they really want to give you the service.
It's just that they don't.
Because they will trust them some real money.
I grew up on a farm and we used to have...
I'm...
Somebody serviceable.
A bull come around for service.
Yeah.
And I know what that means.
And?
Well, no.
We used to have cows out there and somebody bring a bull around to service them.
Right.
I know... I understand what they mean.
Okay, we'll send back up straight.
Okay, people are starting to talk.
We have an open line in Broward to indeed.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound-file.
He's saying service with a smile.
That's right. He must know our program director.
Bend down.
Got a big smile on his push.
Wow.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Thank you.
Yes, sir.
You want to talk about service?
Let me tell you.
I'm in the line to get my driver's license renewed.
And, above all, I should be frustrated by saying I should have definitely made an appointment.
That was my mistake.
Yeah.
But the fact that they only let a certain amount of numbers in for people to give them a number.
The rest of the people have to hand outside in the sun.
Now, I just think that's really good.
And as I mentioned, these people must be the friendliest people in the world that work here.
Yeah.
Okay. Good luck to you.
Whatever he just said.
Okay. We have an open line of day one at Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound-file, 60 on the AT&T wireless lineman.
How do we get to this thing with service?
How do we get to that?
Where do we go from the Y2K problem,
and the standing on long lines of game art?
I don't get it.
Y2K Mark.
A2 Brutee.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, you know.
Yes, sir.
I, you know.
Hey, just a quick question about, I'm doing this at Cancel.
Yeah.
I'm up to my ears and meet.
I'm so sick of me.
I wish I had to answer your question.
I wish I knew.
Hey.
That's why I can't do it.
I just can't do it.
I guess you're maybe one or two days.
That's it for me.
Yeah.
I mean, not.
Is there anything, do you have any information that's chromium for colonate?
Is that worth, say, kind of mean, does it help you in any way?
No.
No.
Everything I read about it is negative.
As far as I would, as far as what?
As far as side effect as far as it may not be all I could for it.
I know.
Listen, they've got more of these damn things now and it's become another one of these industries,
not a cottage industry, but like a major industry, peddling people all these soft milk
whistle and soft palm metal and grapes seed extract and all of a sudden bullcrap.
And you know something who needs it?
We've got some easy, even colonels.
Yes.
You've got a whole effect.
I was like, I had bought that book some weeks ago and I got it out yesterday and the book
too I was looking at it.
And I thought, boy, I read the same old crap.
I mean, coax you 10, grape seed extract.
I mean, by the time, seriously, by the time this is a good way to go on a diet because by the time
you get through taking all these pills, the day is over, it's time to go to bed again.
You don't have time to eat any food.
He's got investments in this, I'm sure.
No question about it.
He's peddling all the supplements.
You got it.
All right, thanks a lot.
I have a great day, sir.
We have two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And if we can just hang on till the year is over, we're going to be on an instant enforced diet starting January 1.
Because if more people like that crazy bitch-in-hi implantation keep buying up all the groceries, there will be nothing left anywhere anyhow.
So you're going to be on a enforced ourvation diet.
Here's a mobile in the Cape Coral.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
One of your advertisers is Fort Myers.
Question 4 and a Y2K.
Yes, sir.
You honestly believe that the government would allow a problem to fit with our defense systems and all of that?
No.
Yeah, I mean, why are people so crazy about that?
Because they're stupid.
Because somebody whispers them, you know, somebody puts it in the tabloid and then somebody reprints it like in a regular newspaper.
And right away people start getting hysterical.
And then all these crazy church people start having all these meetings like yesterday and the whipping them all up into a frenzy.
That's where they try to close down my store through the church people.
What can I tell you?
Yeah, production buddy.
All right, I appreciate it.
Good luck, pal.
Thank you.
How do you like that?
Those good church people try to put this poor bastard out of business because they're such good religious folks, huh?
And soon as somebody tells you they're a good religious person, run like a son of a bitch.
That's my best advice to you, okay?
