This is Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
You talked to Neil called 560 560 toll free for David Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read that position.
And for the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
The Beasley Broadcast Group.
The Beasley Broadcast Group.
The Beasley Broadcast Group.
The Beasley Broadcast Group.
I want to call you and I want it to green.
It is a sad trick, they go all things must be green.
I'm gonna feel great, it's worth some green clothes on.
I'm gonna look like nothing stupid, never come.
I'm gonna hang out at the party, Courtney.
Don't really like it, but I see because it's green.
And then I'll go down town to watch the big grey.
Everyone's happy but no one marching is gay.
And I'm gonna keep on drinking beer that's good.
I'll drink until the cut is good.
What I'll be doing is we are all Irish women think that today is here.
So we potatoes hate being this electric beer.
I'm gonna be the hell, hell, hell, hell, hell, hell and green.
Yeah, I'm gonna be the hell.
That's all we're gonna be doing.
Hello, Joe. What do you know?
We need a hit, so here I go.
Right, one, two, three, two, one.
Yeah, you're gonna get the weedies.
I'm trying to help you here.
I'm trying to help you.
I'm trying to help you.
I'm trying to help you.
I'm trying to help you.
I'm trying to help you.
I'm trying to help you.
I'm trying to help you.
I'm trying to help you.
I'm trying to help you.
I'm trying to help you.
And now they're speaking with her's love of how they stop their joe.
One night in Cleveland, oh, oh, oh, good, but three, come at deal.
I'm dying over here.
He's dead.
One of the worst, one of the most prolonged, one of the most dragged out deaths.
Thank God we had a little bit of a high this, you know, we had a little bit of a rest there.
Huh?
Can you imagine if they'd kept that thing up?
Oh, my God.
If the death watch, there has seldom been a death watch in the history of the human god damn race.
As long as the Joe to measure the good news is though I had Stanley Kubrick in the office pool.
Oh, huh?
That's our poll question today, by the way.
Hey, they're dropping like flies, man.
There's something going on and maybe it said why two key things.
It's only March.
It's only the eighth of March.
But they're already dropping like flies all over the place.
They're dying or croaking up a storm.
I'm dying over here.
And Stanley Kubrick, that's our poll question.
Kenneth M. M. M. M. M.
Joe, who made the greater contribution to the world?
Stanley Kubrick, one of the great filmmakers of all time, in my opinion.
Or Joe to measure.
That's a tough question.
That's, you know, of course on this station asking that question.
It's like asking Kenneth M. M. M. M.
Joe, Edward Murrell or a guilty.
That's like asking that question on this station.
Here's our first call of the week from the sunrise.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, okay.
Let's go to our first call of the week.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
See, he got a long time ago.
Drugs.
Drugs.
Drugs overdraw.
Oh, overdraw.
This guy's got, how do you like that?
This guy waited all weekends since Friday.
Guess what, pal?
Now, that goes over with, okay?
Frankie Lyman on the teenagers.
He's dead.
This must have been the jackass that facts that, you know, sir, I thought about that over the weekend very briefly in between four speedings of carbohydrates.
I thought about that over the weekend.
You are a disgrace.
I mean, it's one thing to have good taste.
It's something to have bad taste.
You have no taste.
The eighth greatest recording artist of all time is Frankie Lyman and the frickin teenagers.
Better than Arrow Smith, better than Elton John, better than anybody.
Oh, by the way, George Jones.
Bad car wreck.
He may be joining the Tammy Wynett pretty soon.
Like I said, they're dropping life flies.
Nice haircut, by the way, George.
Jones, not you.
Okay, let's see if we can outdo that.
That was good.
He's got it all cute up.
Goody, goody by Frankie Lyman and the teenagers.
Can you, can you believe that?
I guess we ought to, nothing should shock me at this point at this stage of my life.
By the way, Maddie Bell, I came up the elevator this morning with little Maddie Bell, who's our, what is he?
He's the general sales manager number two.
Division three, something like that.
And I looked at him there and the elevator.
I thought, you know, I was wrong about him.
He's not for free.
He's about three foot six.
Then he came in here and engaged George.
I'm sitting in here with a door wide open.
I want you to envision this.
If you saw the Lamy show, you know how the thing is set up here, our broom closet.
George is sitting in this broom closet in there and his door is wide open.
And my door is wide open.
We're like, you know, a couple of feet away from each other.
And little Maddie Bell, who I found is about two foot seven in that elevator.
I almost stepped on a poor son of a bitch, the food Nazi.
And then the elevator coming up.
Did he say anything to me about this big controversy we got going?
No.
So it comes into this.
But these people are so spineless in his building.
They're all afraid of Neil.
They're all afraid of Neil.
God, a dottering old faggot like me and they're afraid of me.
What does that tell you about them?
I mean, he's a granite only two foot one.
Comes up to my ankle.
But wait till you hear what this big controversy is all about.
Oh, Christ.
Yeah, it's serious.
I want you to stop and think about this.
All the things that go on in this place, day in and day out, all the deficiencies, all the lies, all the bull crap.
They're big, multi-million dollar lawsuit with Wayne and the Marlons.
All the things that go on in this place.
And what are they worried about?
Yeah, that's what they're worried about.
Oh my god.
Wait till you hear this one.
I swear to God, you'll pee in your pants and maybe in somebody else's too.
If the law allows.
9 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM.
Happy Monday to you.
God, I feel like I'm on death's door.
I'll tell you why later.
This face is stands for nothing.
I'm too sexy for my full skin.
Too sexy for my full skin.
Too sexy for a circumcision.
I'm too sexy for my full skin.
Too sexy for my full skin.
Too sexy for a circumcision.
I'm too sexy for a smear.
Too sexy for my tip.
Too sexy for a kiss clip.
Yes, I am a marble can't you see my stuff through my handling?
Yes, through my handling.
My religion.
My religion is clear through my handling.
Yes, through my handling.
I'm too sexy for a trim.
Too sexy for a whiffling gym.
Too sexy for my full skin.
I don't understand your people.
You better off before you know how big it's going to get.
Your boys can't control off.
He's going to have no place to stick his gum when he's not joining.
1015, I won't mention that on the other George.
1015 at 560 WQM.
It's a good thing they can't hear this side of the thing on their own.
Oh, if I ever mentioned by the way that sales people are assholes,
we got a new sales guy who's a real asshole.
His name is Todd.
What's his last name?
Todd one?
Not Todd Winnick, that's another Todd.
Todd, Dreck.
Todd Dreck.
That's right, good name for him too by the way.
He is Dreck on legs.
Good friend with fat boy by the way.
Hiding recommended him.
Birds of a feather suck together.
Okay, Todd, you jackass.
Man, is this guy a loser.
But anyway, another great letter to the editor in the hero today.
Always check this out to make sure that I know you don't have time.
You got a busy life, especially on a Monday morning.
You thought the letter to the editor the other day was great.
Wait until you hear this.
Don't do that.
I'm telling you.
Just wait until the next break and I'll tell you why.
You'll be gasping for oxygen if you, I'm telling you.
Don't do it.
What?
It's not the most unhealthy thing.
I'm telling you.
Don't do it.
I'm begging you.
Anyway, the headline on this letter says leadership proven from Anthony James Marone or is that Marone?
Maybe he knows Jimmy Marone at Yonkers Raceway.
Anthony Marone in Dear Field Beach.
Wait until you hear this letter.
This again is a letter that the prestigious Miami hero, one of the great newspapers in America, by the way.
So they think over there one hero plans it.
This is the kind of crap.
Let me say it again.
The Canon digwood New York Daily Messenger would not print this letter.
It's so stupid.
It says.
Political moves notwithstanding former Senator Bill Bradley of New Jersey would be an excellent president.
His year spent in the National Basketball Association and the Senate attest to his honesty.
End of letter.
This.
This is a letter in the goddamn Miami Herald.
You thought that I was stupid?
Exactly.
Because you're spending the National Basketball Association.
I think that anybody who spent years in the NBA is qualified to be president.
Don't you?
Yes.
There you go.
How about Shaqiel, huh?
President Shaqiel.
After all, his last name is O'Neal.
Can't be all bad as a Neal on this.
A lot of Neal and go on there in the oral office.
I mean, I think doing this on purpose.
In fact, maybe I've inspired them.
I bet you they're making these things up.
Like Tom Jicke makes a half of those things and is on the radio TV, pay the book on Sunday.
He makes most of them up.
I bet you they make these damn letters up.
Nobody could possibly write something that in any and expect to get it published in a newspaper.
Maybe maybe like in the plantation middle school newspaper, but I doubt it.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Welcome in a short week for a letter to the editor.
God almighty.
I vote for Stanley Kubrick.
Yeah, I agree.
Because let's get these sports people pissed off.
Okay, because I know we're going to be here an all day long about Jolton Joe DiMaggio.
Oh, I'll tell you one thing Stanley Kubrick never banked Marilyn Monroe.
I know.
That's true.
Right.
People don't even remember Marilyn Monroe in history.
But the, well, maybe they will.
But they're the only family, whatever's left of them.
They remember the thing that I think is that the thing that stands with the Maggio today is
other than personality, is this record of 56th Street gains getting ahead.
Yeah.
And I think that's probably stand because of the way they substitute pitches until baseball finally disappears.
Yeah.
But Kubrick has let the legacy of really great films.
Yeah.
And great films are an art form.
It's like saying that the mental late day will be remembered longer than they got in Spain.
You know, it will just just won't work that way.
And I think that so I, my vote is the Cooper, even though I'm listening to QAN.
Okay.
I got to know.
Okay.
Thanks.
Yesterday I watched and CNN.
I was unaware that Stanley Kubrick had a bit the, a bit the big one.
And here's the thing comes on and they're showing of course right.
See, I guess what they do like with the Dimaio thing.
They've been ready for months now.
They had the thing by Gerek Ugly on CNN this morning, one of those profiles in the, you know,
because they've got already for months.
Come on, die already so we can put this on here is basically what they're saying.
So anyway, Stanley Kubrick died his home north of London on yesterday.
He was 70.
And they go through the whole thing about his early films and about, you know, 2001, a space holiday.
And then they get to a clockwork orange and they say, and they just, they just, you know,
just as you'd expect the mainstream media to do with a great movie like that.
And well, I was very controversial and he was, you know, turned on by many of the public in the critics.
So when he came out with a clockwork orange and later on in his career, yada yada, et cetera, and so on.
By the way, Peter Sellers is dead.
I just thought of what you know that.
Dr. Strain Gloves.
Interesting thing.
A lot of people that were in movies that Stanley Kubrick made are dead now.
What does that tell you?
What other were, what were some of the other ones?
Oh, here it's got a whole list of killers, kiss the killing pads of glory Spartacus with Tony Curtis.
I love you, Spartacus.
Yeah, that was a very homoerotic movie, by the way.
Spartacus.
Of course, that's why Tony Curtis was in it.
Lolita.
Oh, that's, that's what they said.
That's where his whole thing started changing with that Lolita thing.
That's where the whole approach of his movie started taking a big turn.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have played that.
Barry Lyndon.
The shining.
Here's Johnny.
Full metal jacket.
And eyes wide shut.
Scheduled for release July 16th with the anxious Tom Cruise.
With the much overblown Tom Cruise.
Underlined the blown part.
So Stanley Kubrick dies just hours before Jotin, Joe, that's our pool question today.
Long after Joe, Joe, Joe has been, you know, his ashes have been buried there in Yankee Stadium on the statue and set up.
I don't know if you'll ever feel they'll be raving it.
See, they won't be watching Joe to match your movies.
But they'll be watching a clockwork orange now Malcolm McDowell.
He's still alive at least.
There's one for the good guys.
Of course, to show you can take all those droogues and still stay alive.
And you can listen to all that Beethoven even real loud and still survive it somehow.
My favorite scene in the movie was when they propped open his eyelids with a toothpicks.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Yeah, Kubrick.
Yes, sir.
The best Marine Corps drill sergeant, Full Metal Jacket.
Yeah.
The best computer hell.
The best satire ever, Dr. Strangelove.
Right.
And, you know, Dr. Strangelove was a seminal movie.
It showed us the absolute absurdity of our politics and our Cold War.
Right.
And, you know, unless you were from the East Coast, most people never have actually saw the man as you ever do anything.
Exactly.
But people, once you're an old fart, I never saw him do anything because I, when I became a baseball fan about 1953, it already hung it up.
Exactly.
But so many people have loved Kubrick's works.
That it's gotta be covered.
Excellent.
Excellent choice.
Thank you so much.
It's unanimous.
All right.
Let's hear it.
Stanley Kubrick heads and shoulders above some stupid ball player.
Oh, but he was like, oh, I know the best thing.
CNN this morning.
I didn't know he croaked and I'm watching this.
And they come under breathlessly.
Don't imagine always dead.
We're like, oh, well, that's quite shocking.
Isn't that the surprise?
No.
You've been dying for months.
And so they get poor Kurt Gaudi out of bed, which Kurt lives up there somewhere in Palm Beach County, I believe.
And they get poor, old Kurt Gaudi just turned 110 by the way sounded, you know, for that age not too bad, almost coherent.
And it's obvious they just dragged him out of the sack and this brought on CNN breathlessly says, well, Kurt, here's Kurt Gaudi.
He's not for the Yankees, 1949 and 1950.
And of course, like that's a long time.
Kurt Gaudi known for being the Red Sox announcer and then for NBC for 100 years.
But anyway, it started out with Yankees and here they want to ask, who else are they going to get on there?
They're going to talk to Mel Allen.
I don't think so.
He ain't feeling too good.
Red Barber.
No, I don't think so.
So they got to get old Kurt Gaudi on there.
And now here's Kurt Gaudi.
Kurt, how did you find out about this?
Kurt Gaudi, can you hear me?
Yeah, yeah.
It sounded like one of our calls this morning on the worst team, one of those interviews.
And then he comes on and, well, how did you find out about it?
How did they break the news?
Well, your girl just told me.
I mean, the first 30 seconds of that interview, and I used the word loosely, was really embarrassing.
Nice going, Air CNN.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Mark and Miami.
Yes, Mark.
I got out of a coma from last week.
If I heard you correctly, which put me into the coma, that broke Daniels is one of the top
100 influential talks.
Yeah, that I think he's in the top five.
He's bubbling under.
But, but Neil, I think it's that wax that he's got all heated up.
It's bubbling under her recto somewhere.
And the major insults, yeah, I adore Bill Hendry.
Yeah, this guy is a genius.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Even if he didn't make the list.
I know.
Even when it was a little about the talker's magazine and Walter Sable and all these ass
liquors, this little mutual admiration society of losers they got.
I mean, I want my name retracted from the list, by the way.
I want out of there.
Even with the lobotomy, Phil Hendry, yeah, even with the lobotomy, Brook Daniels couldn't
even hold.
Couldn't even sniff, Phil Hendry's talking about it.
I'm going to tell you something, because I worked with Phil for a couple of years.
Phil Hendry could fart, and it was funnier than anything that Brook Daniels could ever say
in her life, okay?
When you guys were on you, Rick and Studs and Phil Hendry, there was nobody that could touch
you.
I don't know why anybody screwed with the lineup, why they got rid of Phil.
I would listen to him for an hour from the time I got up to the timeline, you know, basically
to get off.
It wasn't incredible.
That's because the cops people didn't care about, they didn't care about people.
All they cared about was their goddamn bottom line.
I hope they rot in hell off there in Atlanta.
I hope that Bob Neill gets a bad bowl of grit and get something that rhymes with grit for
the rest of his life and never gets off the pot, little two-faced lion piece of crap.
Okay, that's like all the other people in this business, sir.
95% I'm serious.
95% of our full of crap.
Absolutely.
This is a crap business.
Well, I got out of my coma from that.
Number two.
Yes, sir.
What is this obsession with keeping these old people alive?
You know, that was 80 years old and on the brink of death.
That was 85 years old.
He had a lung out.
He was chain-smoking all his life.
Those goddamn cancer sticks.
I mean, they put dogs and, you know, they at least have you, you mean, uh, uh, uh, ways of treating them.
They should like my mother to care at Joe to measure.
If she would come out one day, they'd say, oh, I had him put away.
I had him put the sleep.
I would rather be put the sleep than to be put through that misery of being kept alive.
Right.
That's ridiculous.
That's right.
Number three.
Yes.
I have heard of, uh, briefly, you talk about Tom Lycus and I was doing some channel search in the other day.
Yeah.
I heard him.
He said he lived in Kendall.
So you must have worked with him or something.
Did you not?
Oh, I don't want to go through the time like his story again here because he lies about it through his teeth.
They brought him in here.
When I went from my WNW West, I.N.Z., they brought him in to be the replacement.
He came in here thinking he was a big shot.
They preempted me on I.N.Z.
The first rating book for a world series and playoff baseball almost every night.
So he beat me the first book and right away, he's making a big song in a dead.
He's a big star.
The next book I have seven share.
He I had a seven point one share.
He had a three point.
And uh, shortly after the book came out, he got in his car, put all his possessions in there.
It took off.
Seriously, there's a true story.
In the middle of the night, took off her Phoenix.
Didn't bother telling anybody who was leaving left town never to be seen again.
That's time don't like it.
Oh, great.
And have a great day, sir.
And it's a crap business.
And by the way, the guy that came up to me to hockey in the other day.
Bap, bap, bap, bap.
You know, can I sit down for a minute?
The guy with his Pam's jingles?
My hearing is fine, sir.
This guy sits down between periods.
John goes off to accrues the crowd in the hall or whatever he's doing.
And this guy comes over and I'll come out and if I sit down, I'm fortunately I said yes, because I'm weak.
And he's leaning over and talk.
He's like, as far from my lips are from the microphone and inch and a half, he is to my left ear.
Okay?
Wow, you know, those jingles, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
And couldn't get rid of this man for love or money.
The Roger's done.
Rod Stewart.
Rocks Bad Boy is also a bad husband.
And now he's on tour to help pay off what's going to be won.
Hell of a big divorce settlement.
I'm saying now you're over money, sir.
I'm going to clean up your doors.
I'd ride.
He's on the road because he doesn't have a place to go home to anymore.
I don't hate you, I can't believe that he's gone to court.
The face of hell doesn't come so much than it's a day to come.
Rod Stewart.
The legend.
You remember the story about having his stomach pump.
Now he's about to have his wallet pump.
Some God has really owned some God has made child support.
Just cause that she don't use.
Don't need any God for court.
See Rod Stewart live in person, in death, on stage,
and I'm a hook for half of everything he makes.
You took my car, you took my home.
You took half of everything I own.
You took my car, you took my home.
You took my home.
Rachel's not going to miss him.
And neither should he.
At 33 at 5.60 WQM, we got Hank from Shoolestake 2 at 2 o'clock.
Boob Shambay with a big one.
You know, when you're big and fat, like he is, you can't do more than like a half hour at a time.
And to show either he's doing 6 to 6 30.
6 30 we got to pregame Panthers at Montreal that I plan to frog day.
I could make some comments about, I'll say that for later, okay, about the Panthers situation and about Brian Marie B. M in the organization using his propagandizing tools in the media once again.
Oh, it's the fans fault, the fans in the media and all new people.
You're the ones responsible for Robbie.
You need him, our poor Robbie, the media, the people in the print media and the broadcasters.
You're the ones that are putting all the pressure on poor Robbie.
And that's why when they introduced him in the starting lineup on Saturday at the Macarena, he was booed the worst.
I've ever heard a Panther player player booed in the six years we've had a team.
Booed mercilessly in the start of the game and was totally useless throughout, by the way.
But VN comes up with this notion again.
I mean, are we dealing with a bunch of little children here or are we dealing with profession athletes that are making millions of dollars a year expected to go out there and do a job, have been highly touted by the same people who are now protecting them who tried by the way to trade them desperately before the season started.
Anybody remember that?
Anybody remember?
Yeah.
So somebody faxes me all the Stanley Kubrick stuff, by the way.
One of the most consistently interesting filmmakers of last 30 years.
Stanley Kubrick has seen his work praised and danned with equal vigor.
Justice is singularly brilliant visual style as one of great acclaim.
His unconventional sense of narrative is often elicited critical scorn.
Above all, he's remained a unique artist in the meat why they didn't like the dialogue in the 2001.
Above all, he's remained a unique artist in the meat and dominated by repetition and imitation.
If his ambitious vision is at times exceeded his capacity to satisfy the demands of mainstream filmmaking, this chink.
I don't know if he was Chinese.
This chink and his aesthetic armor only serves to highlight the distinctiveness of Kubrick cinema.
For a minute, I thought I said his atheistic cinema.
Well, it must have been atheistic to put out stuff like Lolita and had goddamn clockwork orange.
Yeah, clockwork orange adapted from the novel by Anthony Burgess.
No critic could take an uncommitted stance toward this film about a violent and immoral punk Alex Malcolm McDowell,
whose ruthless behavior is reconditioned by the equally diabolical state.
Kubrick's camera moved without density, unrivaled and contemporary cinema,
and his reputation as a filmmaker in total control of his craft was firmly established.
We got pages and pages and pages about clockwork orange and about Dr. Strange Love,
or how I learned to stop worrying about love the bomb and about Lolita, etc. and so on.
One of the great filmmakers in the history of the human race has died and who are they worried about?
F and Joe DiMaggio. That's what's worried about on this station.
They wouldn't know Stanley Kubrick from Stanley Jade Cohen. That's the problem here.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Phone to her is dead as Joe DiMaggio and Stan Lee Kubrick.
So anyway, getting back to the big concert Thompson is joint today.
So I'm sitting here this morning about quarter to ten.
I've already seen Little Maddie Bell, the food Nazi on the elevator coming up this morning.
Doesn't say anything to me to usual nice cities. You know, have a nice day.
How's your weekend? You know, that's the.
So it goes in there with George and I hear, that doesn't come anywhere near me.
What's the big controversy? Well, maybe it was a third year Friday morning that we played this tape.
We played this fake orgasm tape.
Well, come to find out that this was done by somebody who works in a club that I guess is a sponsor on Power 96.
Am I getting warm so far? And they were paid. Are you ready for this?
This is the same station at Caniford bumper stickers that gives us no promotion that pays all the underlings like two and a half bucks an hour that can't pay their bills.
This is the same station, but they paid somebody to do a fake orgasm.
And I'm sure that most of the guys in this audience know that, you know, they can get plenty of those for free.
So we played it on the year the other day on unaware of those.
So many comes down here to be seats. George doesn't come to ask me what I'm not playing again.
And the reason they don't want to play it again because the person who did this recorded this fake orgasm for Power 96.
I wonder if one of the people from the morning show was getting a encouragement while she was doing a recording.
I can't say which one.
But at any rate.
So they pay them a talent fee and now they heard that we played it on this show.
They want Q a M to pay a talent fee for fake orgasm.
Yeah, so will we please not play it anymore? Okay, we won't play it.
Well, no, I'm not going to. I mean, Jesus Christ anybody could go like that.
I'm going to pay somebody for that. No freaking way man.
This is the controversy at WQA.
This is the place that's got a lawsuit's flying. They got all kinds of serious stuff going on.
They're worried about some bitch that wants to talent fee because she did a fake orgasm.
I got news for every bitch in the world that did a fake orgasm was getting a talent fee.
The woman of this world would run a goddamn universe right now.
Crazy crazy crazy people.
5 6 70 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
We're just going to play we're get back to 13 Friday shows again.
Okay, play a lot of good music and we can always play.
Yeah.
We're the feeling in this audience for Joe Joe, the radio.
He's dead.
The obvious people in the history of freaking human race.
Anybody in this audience care on your sports station.
Anybody all fired up and pissed off about it and emotional.
Going to services about it now.
He's probably playing center field right up there and having right now.
He's right up there with Babe Ruth Lou Gehrig.
He is. He's up there and vinegar Ben Maizo who croaked by the way a couple of weeks ago.
They're dying like flies man.
All those great dead jocks in the sky. They're doing it.
Kathy well it sucks.
So what else is new?
Hello.
Well hello.
McCallie, how are things?
McCallie, it's so nice your father can't have custody.
It's a chest degree.
McCallie, don't put it deep.
McCallie, give your money.
It's too young money and just be had it.
McCallie, make them move.
But don't end up like any monotuchy.
And don't end up like that.
Adam, she's from here.
He's an elf.
Oh, smile, don't be.
Founty, don't be.
And that's the rubber.
Tell me, McCallie don't scratch or drink or restore.
Don't end up black drop, I remove.
McCallie, we're doing another stopper.
Just from different strokes again.
10.44 at 5.60 WQAM.
Here's our one call.
Here's a mobile in Cooper City. Hello.
Mobile in Cooper City.
Here's our one call.
Here's a mobile in.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How do you pick me up so quick?
I had a...
Hey, you're the only guy I got on here.
It's another one of those days.
I had it on the other side.
I see the head writing on the wall.
It was on the floor.
I had to pick it up.
And the phone too, yeah.
Yeah, I'll vote for Kubrick.
I think it's a mad Joe somebody to be admired.
Well, because he was a good ball player.
Like so many people in the United States, we...
You know, he was turned into an icon for whatever reason.
Yeah, he turned into a...
So what does that mean?
Well, how do you turn somebody into an icon?
Through the media.
You know, through high...
It's a ball player.
I know.
It's a great ball player.
And you know, he's got a record and a couple of records.
But so what's the big deal?
I mean, you know, Stanley Kubrick was a great director.
Mickey Mantle's dead.
Roger Maris's dead.
Lot of great...
Lou Gehrig is dead.
Babe Ruth is dead.
A lot of great...
My cob is dead.
Lot of great people are dead.
But...
What wrote his dead?
What was 2001 to space Odyssey all about?
It was in Horton's dead.
I don't know.
It was a little pseudo intellectual.
Yeah, right.
It was very pseudo.
Clockwork Orange was...
I didn't trouble following the dialogue.
What dialogue?
Exactly.
Yeah.
And, you know, I'm out of material.
The clockwork Orange, you know, when it first came out,
the movie had an ex-rating.
And so a lot of theaters, the mainstream theaters, wouldn't carry it.
And an ex-rating because all of violence in there?
No, I think there was a scene they had to cut out.
I think they had to cut out a part of the rape scene.
Wasn't it like it was 30 seconds or less?
It made it an ex-rated movie?
Yeah, but it wasn't.
Well, I mean, but you know, we still saw Malcolm McDulles penis.
We see worse stuff than that on TV now.
Yeah.
But I want to watch a clockwork Orange tonight.
Excellent.
And Neil?
Yeah.
In closing time, I've got your pump.
Would you come get it?
I like the Wii Wii.
Yeah.
Is that what this guy said?
I like the Wii Wii.
Something like that.
Then there was a scene where the woman at the old bag
that had the rocking ceramic penis.
Isn't that what he killed her with?
I think it was plastic filled with water.
Who is a rocking ceramic penis?
What do you know about it anyway?
Huh?
I've seen it a hundred times.
Yeah.
I've seen it 50,000 times.
And the movie I saw a couple of times too.
Yeah.
She had a rocking ceramic penis.
This crazy bitch.
Okay.
She was doing her ballet.
She was in her tights.
You know, the cat lady.
Yeah.
Right.
And the cat lady, she deserved to get it.
You know what?
The cat lady.
Anybody that loves cats is full of my book.
Disgusting vulgar creatures.
Anti-social, anti-human.
People that dogs don't like.
They turn the cats.
And dogs like almost everybody.
So if you're a cat person that goes to show you,
you're a real loser.
Here's a cutlery.
Hello.
Got to eat cats.
Yeah.
I would love to minute your pictures then.
Well, I got one you can have real cheap.
No, I can't one myself.
No, I wouldn't give my dog away from nothing.
Okay.
Listen to your show last week
and you're talking about the greatest bands and all that stuff.
Yeah.
I tried to line them in a teenager's number one.
I took a poll of the weekend.
A little too young for that one,
but I do have a question for you.
I watched a show on, I think it was E.
And they spotlighted Grand Funk Railroad.
Yeah.
And they were good.
Man, they were awesome.
Yeah, they were great.
They were awesome.
And they were good.
No, they were Frankie Limer.
Really?
No.
Come on.
Thank God.
Oh, I'm just giving the zets to that guy that put Frankie Limer in there.
They should have been riots in the streets when this guy called a show on Friday
with that idiot or facts over that stupid line.
I never saw anybody get that much airtime, man.
You really talk to that guy like, what's going on?
Yeah.
I mean, he was, but he knew it's happening.
What kind of drudges he's on?
He knew his stuff, but he was a little off-based.
Where would you put Grandpa Murray?
See, first of all, let me say that the guy wanted to reduce it to a discussion
of how many hits so and so ahead.
Well, if you want to reduce it to that,
then Connie Francis must have been one of the top 10 recording artists.
Because she had old crap load ahead.
Just because somebody's got a lot of hits doesn't make them a great recording star.
Yeah, what about the BG's?
There you go.
There you go.
What a tragedy that is.
I'm telling you, where would you put them now?
The only seats in first.
Put who?
Grand Funker.
Top 20?
No.
Top 50.
I'm going to watch that show again.
I'm going to play kind of a toss.
I know I put BG, the BG's back in Guadanamo, back of the plane.
That's ride stick them on America worst.
They deserve each other.
Much of cheap passes.
That goes to show you how you guys have fallen by the way.
The Gib boys.
Got to fly an America worst on a chicken crate airline like that.
And take up the whole first class and have the airline make up stories.
To make you guys a bunch of big shots.
And boy, I'm telling you that when we walked through that first class cabin,
there was that smell, that stench in there, I shouldn't know.
It was the God damn BG's.
We have an open line in anywhere.
You name it.
We got open lines.
Maybe that's what we're going to do today.
I wanted it at the time.
Remember one day at a time.
Let's do one call at a time.
It's going to be slow.
It's Monday plus I'm driving to work this once.
It's like a holiday.
Where the hell did everybody go?
I think they bailed out, man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Maybe they were pressions.
Maybe they're on their way to Joe D's funeral.
That could be it.
Here's a mobile and Kindle.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I'm Neil.
You know, on the sacred circle downtown, I got a great idea.
Yeah.
Here's what we do.
We have the guy who owns the land.
Donate the land to the Indians.
Uh-huh.
Give it to the Indians free.
Uh-huh.
And they build a giant casino downtown for us, Neil.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
We're working on it.
Tell them tell them the mayor.
Tell them the air penis.
I will.
Okay.
Yeah.
Because you know what he said.
I like the we we.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, Dave County, they're strapped for money.
Maybe they can't buy a fine money for this and they can't find money for that.
And they're really tightened.
Miami is going bankrupt in the county as a whole.
That's where the nature's gone.
But hey, they're going to have the money to pay this developer to buy the circle.
Because we got to preserve our rich history here in South Florida.
By the way, the hero, which is always screaming about, you know.
All the divisiveness in the community and always bending over back with the panda to certain elements.
What they got a special a whole pandering section yesterday.
And by the way, your anti-semitism is really shown through.
Why doesn't the headline just say we're taking over now?
We.
As if as if there's Cubans over there that are running here.
I didn't know the night where the people were Cuban.
And guess what?
The Cuban still hates you.
I hate to break the news to you.
They still hate you like poison.
And.
A vanishing political force South Florida's democratic condo commandos are dying out.
That's what I'm looking for.
That's what it says right there.
Old line condo Democrats fade.
South Florida political force Jewish political power has declined overwhelmingly in dead county.
And a great deal and Broward.
Boy, the power in dead county is his spatic is what it says.
It is not democratic.
It is a Republican that's conservative.
It's a fascist right wing thing is what it says.
And it goes on and on and on.
Which I'll get into later.
Okay.
As the hero once again continues doing their best and by the way, I think I can speak for a lot of Jews.
We're very proud that we're not responsible for what's going on politically in this town.
We can leave that to somebody else.
That's what we're doing.
Exactly.
Especially what's going on in dead county?
You call that politics.
Here's a mobile in Tamarack.
Hello.
Mobile in Tamarack.
Yes, sir.
Hold on.
I was just getting the car.
How you doing pal?
Take your day.
I'm back.
Lots of time today.
Yeah.
Well, not so much time.
We got another stupid ball game tomorrow.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
Well, it's not a watching a no playoff hockey team.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, something's going on that you need to hear about.
I don't know if you know about it.
If you noticed it on the i95, they're changing some of the signs to make the letters bigger.
No.
No.
They're making it bigger for people.
That's the blind people.
That's right.
For the people that can barely see that.
Yeah.
Instead of telling you, you know how to drive.
They're making the signs bigger.
Right.
At the risk of the lives of everybody else on the road.
Yeah.
I mean, it's ridiculous.
It's the mentality down here.
The condo commandos are taken over.
No, you're wrong.
The condo commandos are dying.
Are you better get the hair all pal?
You're way behind the times.
Condo commandos are dying out.
This guy doesn't understand it.
It says right here.
Jewish political power has declined overwhelmingly in Dave County into a great deal in Broward.
Said veteran South Florida political consultant Phil Hammer Smith would tribute the vanishing number of condo
and the
Democratic Party.
The president described as a silly joke.
The election year ritual of judicial candidates.
Shlepping to North East day to curry favor within electorate that no longer really exists.
The power in Dave County is Hispanic.
Camerasmith said it is not Jewish.
It is not democratic.
It is Republican.
It is conservative.
And that is growing larger while other groups are growing smaller.
How do you like that?
So the Harold wants you to know the good news.
The Jews are moving out.
They're dying out.
They're dying great.
And all of us.
That's what they're saying.
They're all of us.
Cubans.
We're taking over.
It's our turn now.
Are the Cubans buying it?
No.
They hate the Harold.
They wish you would die at the Harold.
They hate you like arsenic.
At the goddamn Harold.
Okay.
And you're still bending over backwards.
They got 15 carapractors on staff over there because they're branded backwards.
So God, they're much the panda to a constituency.
That number one doesn't buy their newspaper and number two hates them like poison.
But short of that.
So when I read you that great letter to the editor from the hero by the way.
About Bill Bradley and how he's qualified to be president because of all of his years in the NBA.
So we know we can trust him.
There you go.
Just like how about latrine, free well.
Okay.
Let's make him goddamn president.
We can trust him to choke it and speak in the choking by the way.
How about that nanny story coming back on 60 minutes again last night again.
Oh my god.
See their desperate.
They're desperate.
You know what?
And of course there's some of the other ones like MSNBC.
They're still clinging your rapist rapist.
You know, he's a rapist.
Bubba.
But you know, but short of that.
They got nothing on because this other thing is over.
Somebody forgot to tell some of the people it's over, but the impeachment is over.
So we got John Bennett and now we got the nanny back.
I wouldn't be surprised to allow me for old J comes back.
Yeah.
We'll find another goddamn glove or some other bloody goddamn thing.
Here's my nanny.
Hello.
How's that mean?
Yes sir.
It sounds like me.
Uh huh.
I can't believe that you like a clockwork time.
Why not?
It's a great one of the great movies of all time.
I come from Brent.
We still are not allowed to see it over there.
Still banned.
Well, you don't have to do anything over there.
Well, that's true.
I do a radio show in a national talk show.
And I can't believe you get away with it over here.
Well, that's because you have no freedoms.
You have no first amendment over there.
You have a bunch of pretty sissy's over there.
And the beast, the amazing part of it is on radio.
They can't say anything over there.
But the BBC, F and this and F and that.
I can't believe the stuff that's on the BBC.
That's okay.
Because there's a government saying it.
Yeah.
You changed my life.
You made me the most fine broadcaster in radio history in Crateport.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because I, um, I had a tape of you on winds.
However long ago that was.
Right.
It changed my life.
And I, uh, that's what I want to do.
Good.
And, um, well, I don't really like it over there.
I don't blame you.
A bunch of constipated jackassers over there who refused to grow up.
I'm, I'm serious.
The British are silly people.
You know that.
That's why they're still hanging out of this wealthy crap.
I can't believe by the way you don't get, uh,
they're starving over there in their pen.
And they got millions and millions and billions of dollars
in the goddamn royal family.
And they're still crying and running and ringing their hands
about poor goddamn Diana.
What the hell did Diana ever do?
Uh, she, she, she, she, she bent her head down and looked up
through her hair.
Yeah.
Right.
She did it really well.
And then the queen, she nodded.
Wasn't that wasn't that bloody.
Yes, we were there.
The old bag nodded there like, oh, there she is in the box.
The queen gave her a nod.
I would try to, I would try to satisfy the peons out there.
The dumb masses.
I went to the university where they filmed the clockwork orange.
Yeah.
And you know where he's lying on the bed and there's this sort of wooden chair
that's right next to it.
I was, I stayed in that room.
Wow.
That was my room.
Wow, how about there?
I can't believe that you don't get calls by the way.
I, I, on my show, I guess it's an embarrassment of riches over there.
Yeah.
If people don't actually know what they got in, in your show.
Of course they don't.
They're a bunch of dead heads.
They're terrified.
I'm going to tell you a story in a minute about people.
They're all scared of me like a bunch of pussy.
Well, listen, say hi to the queen, okay?
Callio.
You can kick my rear end.
Finally, a motion feature has been made that's hesitant.
Nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
You must see this twa-dujubeir.
The star of the jubair from a clean director Bouchard de la Croix.
Based on their claim novel,
An Fathre de Puy, by Edward de la Maison.
Inspire by the short story,
for you, recognize it by a wood-winning note,
Jean-Kiergato de Puy,
based on original key paintings discovered in the part
of Oussi La Région,
by Finn La Région,
sharp de Bellevue,
the star of the jubair,
winner of the medalian's specificity
at the festival of the necessary historical cinematics.
Henri Alo di Parnet is a souvenir in his breakthrough
as an humble traveler living in the history of the jubair.
Jean Ciscar calls the history of the jubair
and true the force in the cellophane filmmaking genre.
Roger Ebert,
proclaimed to be the most gripping love story
since Jean Crivella,
who was in the saide-caire original with Pierre O'Teal.
Shefry Lyon says,
I have no clue what any of you are talking about.
Is there anyone who speaks English around here?
Come see the sleeper hit the display.
This is what our enthusiasm is.
Now playing at the Plaza Six Multiplacks,
right across from the big cookie shop.
It's a Lv. 303 at 560 WDQM.
Very deadly Monday here this morning.
Looks like everybody bailed out on us over the weekend.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
He's the most serious audience with no Joe Dumasio.
If they stuck his body in their bed right now,
they wouldn't know who the hell it was.
Even though it was all the ugliest people in history,
man, kind of very easy to recognize,
but nevertheless,
he quit baseball before most Americans had TV.
Right, that's right.
And so I thought there's a big cynicism about him.
What is the big deal other than Simon and Garfunkel made a bad mistake
of sticking his name in that goddamn song
and Mrs. Robinson, other than that,
what's the big cynicism with him?
I know.
I mean, I vote for Stanley Kubrick's D-Day.
Right.
I mean, he made movies that last forever.
Right.
And someone's going to break Joe D's.
And even if they don't, who gives a crap?
Right.
I mean, he was only one on one of 16 teams back then.
I don't think he could hold a candle to Mickey Mantle
and he's dead too, by the way.
Oh, it's so snow-martened.
Right.
You know, I'm curious.
Let's vote for Rocky Calabito.
Okay.
All right.
Yeah.
They're getting pissed off about this now.
They're getting fired up and pissed off about it.
Even though we haven't had anybody called,
so they give a crap about Joe D'Amaggio.
That'll be later on.
You know, I know that Hank has got all this nostalgia about Joe D'Amaggio.
He knew him, he interviewed me,
and dragged out that interview tape again.
That's fine, you know.
Because it's a sports station.
And we're supposed to be upset.
He was an icon.
Well, what is it?
An icon.
Well, what does that mean?
It's a little thing you click on to make a program work on that.
Yeah, right.
They click your icon.
Click your magic icon, Froggy.
Come on.
Isn't that what they used to say on the Busted Brown Show?
Click your magic icon, Froggy.
Can't say twang or no more.
Here's a call from Dunedin, hello.
Hey, Neil.
I'm on one of those stickers from campus.
Yeah.
One time ago.
Yes, sir.
I just picked you up on the internet about a month ago.
I just want to tell your listeners that don't call you over there.
And when I do get you on the internet, I have to skip work.
I come home, and I get this warm fuzzy feeling.
Mm-hmm.
I miss you.
Me too.
Yeah.
By the way, at the anniversary last week.
Thank you so much.
All right, it's a pleasure hearing you.
All my good friends over there.
Okay, I won't take long, about five minutes.
All right, thank you, Neil.
Okay, see you at the Delhi.
See you at the Delhi over there in Tampa, boy.
What a nice picking place to add is I'm...
I'm going to go to the college, and I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
I'm going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
We are going to go to the college.
Are you crazy?
Yes, I am crazy.
But I think that is right.
The Leah.
Here is the Kirk.
Here is the Leah.
The Leah?
No, that is not right.
It is not how he pronounced his name.
He was in 2001.
Now what else was he in?
Like one other movie that I forget.
Like one other movie that I forget.
Who you reminded me of?
Who you reminded me of?
Who you reminded me of?
Who you reminded me of?
Who you reminded me of?
Who you reminded me of?
Who you reminded me of?
Who you reminded me of?
Who you reminded me of?
Who you reminded me of?
Who you reminded me of?
Remember him?
I would put their acting abilities on about the same part.
You know, kind of like strains.
They always played like real strains, bizarre.
Cure Dalle is his name.
Now how did you pronounce it?
The Leah.
No, it is not the Leah.
That is what I know.
God Almighty.
My guess.
Leave the Leah alone.
Here is a mobile in four-letter-dale.
Hello?
Mobile in four-letter-dale.
Going once.
Going twice.
Bye, oh, bye.
I ain't even left town.
I was here to even realize it.
Dr. Syvago.
Dr. Syvago, he was in Cure Dalle.
And how did they pronounce his name?
Come on, somebody tell us how your pronoun is.
His name is not the Leah, okay?
If anybody calls you and says that his last name is for Nance de Leah,
I'm getting up and walking out.
I can't be that stupid.
Can I?
Here's a mobile in-boying V.
Hello?
Please don't make fun of our pyjons from New York.
Like Joe DiMaggio or Amitino or Robert de Mignolo.
Amal and Brando.
Or Vito Coneo.
Yeah.
I never make fun of Dutch children or Maya Lanski.
Or Saluts O'Hia.
Yeah, please.
Leave Joe DiMaggio.
What about Warren Beatty?
What?
Okay, we have an open line in a Broward 2 in-date.
567-0560-0.560 on the AT&T wireless line Delay.
Poor Delay.
Well, I was closer than you were.
Yes, Delia.
Whatever.
What kind of a pansy sounded.
How's Mr. Delia doing?
That's just really bad.
Here's a pay phone in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, real quiet.
Neil, you got a live and you got dead.
Is there any in-between?
Meaning what?
Well, I mean, the first time I was in a roast belt,
I was a match of dead.
Were you alive?
No.
Then you must have been dead, right?
So why do people say before I was born as the saying...
I don't know.
Why don't you take a survey and call us back and let us know, okay, sir?
Never really thought too much about Eleanor Roosevelt masturbating when he came right down to it.
Two open lines in-date all of Broward, 700 open lines,
567-0560-0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Deadly.
Here's Wifechester.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes?
How you doing, Neil?
I got an anniversary, my own.
I'm celebrating the year of listening to you.
Well, listen, that's sweet.
I can't believe I'm 36 years old.
I've been here in Miami all my life.
And I actually stumbled across your show
because your station does no promotion, you know?
Right, that's right.
We can afford to be paying some credit or some club to do a fake orgasm.
I don't know.
I was talking about age 6, but we can't afford to go out and do any promotion.
A billboard, anything, a pup tent, a sign at the goddamn Lincoln Road Mall, nothing.
You're absolutely right.
I mean, it's just really...
Every time I think about this place, I get so depressed.
Every time I think about the people that I work for,
and I'll absolutely dull and retarded they are.
Dull and retarded.
And you can't tell them anything.
They got all the answers, baby.
And they walk around in a state of denial.
Greg Reed actually believes, you know?
There are people who tell so many stories that they begin to believe them.
That's Greg Reed.
He tells so much bull crap.
He believes his own bull crap.
Who really does?
And I think you believe that at first, because, you know, he's more joll than everybody.
Yeah.
Now, that's beside the point.
Well, anyways, you were talking about cats before.
I never dreamed that I'd work for anybody.
Then you have to go to court every time you need to get paid.
But anyway.
That's sad.
That's not a good organization, you know?
Yeah.
Anyways, you were talking about cats before.
And a couple of years ago, I would have agreed with you, you know?
I couldn't wait to get my hands on a cat to do something better.
Yeah.
But a buddy of mine moved away a couple of years ago,
and he left me a cat, it was an indoor cat.
And I hated the animal.
I wanted to get rid of him.
I wanted to get rid of him.
I tried to get into everybody I knew.
And nobody would take him, you know?
And I treated him eating everything with that cat grew on me,
and he wanted to do it in my life.
And then I was just,
oh, I thought, you know, you have some life now.
Oh, my God.
I was telling you, I hated cats before,
but unless you had one that you lived with it,
I'm telling you, they are very affectionate, they're very sociable.
It depends on the animal itself.
You know, there are different humans that are in reality.
Whatever you say.
Hey, Neil, listen to me.
Do you simply play a bit,
I think it's called Neil Riders Syndrome.
You haven't played that in a while.
You think you can play that?
I'll work on it.
All right.
Okay, pal.
So I say how to old push.
Two open lines in days.
Five, and I'll pass on to push you.
Okay, five, six, seven,
oh, five, six,
six, eight, and five,
six, eight,
eight, and one was like,
I'm not in the cat.
So, okay, I'm sorry.
I don't want to see a cat.
I don't want to know from a cat.
Oh, as a matter of fact,
I went to the store the other day,
and I come home,
and I take my, I went to Walgreens.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Walgreens.
The shirts are carrying me fast this time, boy.
I mean fast.
Yeah.
Would you like to wait for that?
Sure.
Okay, here it is.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
I straighten those bastards out.
So I get my prescription.
I drive home,
and it's like, you know,
I'm around seven o'clock in the evening,
one night during the week.
And I'm on one of the side streets,
one of my, you know,
little shortcuts there to my where I live.
And here's the cat comes,
stops on the other side of the road,
and then goes running across.
It's the kamikaze run right in front of the car.
Oh, yeah, they do that a lot.
Like, am I going to force you to stop,
or were you know,
was that going to stop?
No.
Did I hit it?
No.
Damn it.
Did I floor it?
Yes.
Two open lines and date,
five, six, seven,
oh, five, 60,
pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
There's nothing worse than a straight pussy
running across the street in the middle of the night.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Yes.
Last time left I never called again.
Hey man, we're doing a movie over here.
Man, we need to come open,
stand in for the pills very dope for us.
Yeah, okay, thanks.
Good one.
It's the same guy that called before
with his L on a Roosevelt line.
Really sad.
State County's open,
five, six, seven,
oh, five, 60,
pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Boka.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I hate to tell you that.
I'm not sure how you're going to do that.
I'm not sure how you're going to do that.
I'm not sure how you're going to do that.
I'm not sure how you're going to do that.
I'm not sure how you're going to do that.
I'm not sure how you're going to do that.
I'm not sure how you're going to do that.
I'm not sure how you're going to do that.
I'm not sure how you're going to do that.
I'm not sure how you're going to do that.
OK.
We could have a lecture.
You don't remember how嚼aly,
that was him, 2000,
he was in the picture with the,
uh, uh,
gee, I forget the name.
You forgot the name.
Well, the name of the picture.
Dr. Civago?
Civago, believe me.
If you saw him,
do you remember him at all?
Yeah.
I remember him.
OK.
Really an X-flat.
Like Stavatson.
What ever is this?
like what about i'd like to do this but it's kidnilya the reason i know it
because i swam on interview show
and they have to do some care to leave me maybe the guy that was the do whoever
did the
me with what
but because you say so therefore it makes it so
no because he said so who said so
he said my name is cure delia
no no did he pronounce it he says it's certain did he say sir did he say
did he say his name
no they air thank you see did he say his name no so somebody else miss
the what difference is it make out of your pronounces name that i get a million
phone calls about okay something as trivial as meaningless as this
Stanley Kubrick is dead
jordan joda magio is dead after all these premature reports of his death
and this is what i get phone calls about so anyway the guy from britain
talking about the what you know people are in tibethe scared to death i'm at
the hockey game before the game
thirty-night if you rely on a hurricane game
and as i walked the halls if i go out to take a leak where i come back to the
sea most of those people like i've told you for years even though they know
often about the game that's my crowd those people are listening right now
that's the near Rogers audience at the macarena
so i'm walking back toward the inside toward my seat and there is it's before
the way before the game i just went and took a leak okay is it why i'm in
a title of that thank you and i'm walking back toward my seat and there's
like three young guys i'd say like i don't know 1819
and one of them and i can you know because you have peripheral vision
although if you're in florida probably don't have any vision but my peripheral
vision is pretty good especially when they look like that and there's these three
young oh there he is so either because obviously they all knew who i was so
either they wanted to say bad bad bad that i can't stand it or there are listeners
which is also possible maybe like closet type
they kind of look like they were on the closet and i'm picking up myself because i
saw it out of the corner my end but like point out it's that i said hey
Neil how you doing which most people do most people do who aren't a bunch of
pussy's guys like you three guys
why are so many people in this town pussy's just like that maddie billet
at one foot three inches tall that comes down this morning to be
seats George oh would we please not play that fake orgasm because she
wants a talent fee from q a m
and when you stop and think about this really i don't spend too much time on it
because you lose your mind but just stop for like 30 seconds and think about the
magnitude of this the idea that somebody who
recorded a fake orgasm on tape which you guys hear
probably most nights of your life
and and and not a very good i mean really fake
exactly really fake i think screw and could it on better net you know i'm saying
sure or was i'm sorry i didn't know that
well i've changed the whole maybe that's why they want to play it
oh seriously i mean maddie he now what does he he's the general assistant
division number four we got 450 salesmanager people ask me how many sales people you got over there
and my answer always is i don't know how many sales people we have but we have 75 sales managers
so you figure it out we got a door downstairs on the first floor in this building
that it's like electrically operated it's row it's spinning and rotating like a
cradle not the main entrance door this is a separate door it's the q a m
slash power 96 sales hole door and they just spin them in and uh they come in
and they're out in and out in it like scotch warts he was here one day go on the next
and by the way how's fat boy doing he got the account he's got in the show
maybe he'll look with the thing
how's the thing we ever hear because you know what we're doing here at q a m we're hiring
all of these things that's right that we can find oh i'll tell you a minute why that Todd
whatever you don't know what his last name is that short trippy jua rec what oh Todd
rec i'll tell you why he's a piece of crap
26 after 11 at 560 wqm if you want huge savings and you know i've heard it john penis is a good guy
he's a sales guy okay i'm and uh Brian Brian's a good salesman he's a good guy
Adam's a good guy too but he don't sell his show and the zoltan uh you know
he ain't looking so good anymore you know something i'll be honest with you right he never looked
that good in the first place but when it's a big imposing Hungarian guy like that you like to make
him nervous you know that's why we said those things sure it's it's fun to say all of these things
and then they get nervous like those kids at the hockey game and by the way all three of them did
look pretty good Roger time it's been a few years since Bruce Springsteen has released the CD
but now he's going back into the archives to find the songs that he once recorded as a child
oh oh oh Mary had a little lamb it's was was
the mangy drags were more the
warning to donlight young children listen to this tape hooked on phonic strictly prohibits it
a baby 3d
it's 1132 at 560 qm we had a whole bunch of calls on there before the break and i'm sitting here
watching them all blink right off nice one call on there 5 6 7 0 5 well what's going on here
today again every single day when i come in here every day of my life it's like a whole new ball
game man that's what Joe to measure would see if he could be here to say it today which can he be
here Kenny no 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line another usual group of dead
heads today carried delay i'm looking somebody to send us the whole resume here and i'm looking at it
and i am positive i don't care this old fossil i called before i don't care what he says i don't
care if his mother told him that's how you pronounce it okay i'm looking at it in print and
he's still alive by the way carried delay not that he's you know not that he's such a famous actor
obviously not with this crowd is anybody else go to the stones constantly this crowd that's a
guy called bitch in about no 2001 a space on a sea was also a man he was in a ton of movies
bunny lake is missing remember that no uh david and Lisa that was 1961 this first movie was the
kudalum priest that's one of my favorite these are facts in the church 2001 met him x the fox black
water gold um poke jone the devil's imposter paperback hero paul and michelle black christmas the
haunting of julia law and order welcome to blood city because he's my friend leopard in the snow
legend of the golden gun brave new world the hostage tower no place to hide brain waves 2010 blind
date the next one over tonight not a very memorable list is it no no no no not any come right down
to us and he was not in dr. jivago by the way sorry whoever said that wrong wrong you blew it
cured delay and you want to be saying mention that is because he was in 2001 a space on a sea
which is about the only thing i remember about it besides from that great dialogue
and uh and that said it's all come back to Stanley Kubrick to these people have any great memories
of a clockwork orange no and the british guy that constipated brick calls can't believe that we're
raven about that movie because it's brand band and bloody english like every other god damn thing
man why don't they just obliterate that country can reason that can you imagine how much money we
could save always having a bailos bloody bastards on world war one world war two always got a
bailos stupid bastards out because they're too busy with the queen they're too busy with their
royalty with their pomp and circumcise over there living in the stone age here's sunrise hello
yes good morning male yes sir i want to talk a little hockey with you yeah um did you see that
ridiculous article by my corruso yesterday yes i i brought that up before i don't get any calls
on it about and he wrote the same thing Saturday today's the neurotic writes this about how Brian
Murray is blaming the media the newspaper people and the radio people and all every all the other
people because robby need a march thinks the join out so if everybody else has fallen like i said
after their article came out Saturday morning before the game Saturday night when they introduced
needa-mar he got booed loudly yeah i was loudly i was at the game and just to compare need a pair with
uh beret put him in the same breath as ridiculous i mean that well what's this man thinking about
i you know beret out so needa-mar is gonna try to take his place and then they keep quoting
needa-mar okay we got to step up and do this and i'm gonna tell you the first period on Saturday
wouldn't he fed him a perfect pass right in front of the net right in the slot he fed on the shot
i know he had two point blank shots later in the game at crucial points in the game
he put it right into her base chest he couldn't score into an empty net this kid and they're quoting
him saying oh we got to do this and we got it's ridiculous so the whole the whole propaganda
machine from this organization is ridiculous it's a brainwashing process for sure and uh just keep
telling yourself we're a playoff team i don't believe that yeah um one other thing did you
happen to catch the flyers and the sabers game last night yes man what a game that was you thought
that was a game i thought it was terminal was no port game it was pretty it was pretty a lot of
good hitting in that i thought it was a pretty good game i thought that was a game for me that was a
game i thought the Colorado Pittsburgh game yesterday that was the hell of a game but to say
that the Buffalo Philadelphia a coma game there oh no i thought oh my god how about to save the
Craig Billington made on your armor yogger on a short hand breakaway to columnite of Pittsburgh
that was a point that was a highlight well see you picked the wrong game also i'm from Buffalo
originally used to follow the sabers when the first came in the week yeah i remember Rick
Generat used to do the radio and they had Ted darling doing the uh the television whatever happened
to him did darling probably did yeah probably sleeps with joder man yeah because uh that's he used to
the television and not generate the radio right right there TV Rick Generat is great anybody
in Buffalo loves Rick Generat and then closing yes cap sock and golden retrievers roll the earth
okay okay one call left at the board let's take care of it then we'll do music after we come back
two bad today is in the ballgame here's a mobile in Miramar hello hey new yes sir
let's uh i got a couple of things to talk about man what about these cubas saying uh there
are freedom is the only gaming cuba the hell is going on there saying what that is uh you know
they got the oil going on the cuba to play the baseball game yeah they can't they can't seem to
want to enjoy that because they still want to you know talk about the freedom thing you know
catch the really is a good guy after all you know he's the one that freedom from all the spaniards
the spaniards were out there killing all the cubans yeah you know sure and what about uh
this uh gate club in the pier you're gonna end up going away or well no you probably probably
see you there okay pal sweetheart another spick with no material another sad sad sad chapter
in south fold history as they continue proving if you needed any proof which most of you probably
don't all you got to do is listen to the show day after day after day they are still in a cultural
wasteland they're still in another century they're in a time work they're often another in la la land
they five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a AT&T wireless line the cats got the
audiences tongue today the all-time worst the all-time absolute worst killed the cold
tonight on mtv it's the bong show with your host Robert Downey Jr the bong show where recently
rehab celebrities or lost angler city council members take random gruntets your last
till it hurts watching these rich and famous wash police cars so join Robert Downey Jr
week eight four the bong show
17 to 11 5 60 wQ and the Hank Goldberg show from Shula State to it to a clock
boogshambi very briefly six to six thirty because then he's got to leave for dinner
and then we got the panthers pregame from Montreal six thirty to seven seven o'clock panthers
in the Canadians big big game tonight huge gigantic because the ranges one yesterday and the
panthers and now in 10th place in the conference and dropping like a rock all those ties baby
you know it's nice that they didn't full like an accordion after blowing a Colorado game
but uh... you know when you come right down with another stupid tie is that going to do the job
no i don't think so and couldn't do the job
here's for Lauderdale hello and you know how you're doing okay sir i have the straight
poop on i care to lay for you yes um first of all i heard a couple people say he was in
doctor shavago he was not he was not in doctor shavago no i have the list of all the movies
he was ever in right here it was not in doctor shavago
well that's a big full of crap here's a David and Lisa which was an excellent move
right um beside uh... and uh... the fox like the other movies that they're doing just read the whole list
i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm okay i read the whole freaking list i must have been getting
getting the book again if you like it'll kill some good time today
anyways uh... his last name is definitely pronounced away i know some there how do you like that
all right let's hear one for faddle nale hearing the list see i when you look at it
it's obvious i know someone who worked with him so that i figure that i figure that's about
it's got this other guy that called before they know his he's got problems with this bag
so i was uh... i didn't hear you read the list so i'm i just wanted to confirm that and uh
keep all the great work okay thank you okay anybody else that stones concert on friday night no
no one guy that was so bitter also anyway speaking i'm glad that guy called about the buffalo
filigame was on six thirty last night so i get to my small dish and i look on empire at about
ten minutes till six because they got i'm going to tell you empire even though it's only buffalo
which is definitely the minor leagues their gigantic their heads and shoulders above this time
it comes to their coverage on that uh... empire thing and they got that show fan tv it's a good show
but it hadn't come on yet because i guess it was sunday so it didn't come on to a half hour
before the game usually around like an hour and a half before the game so anyway what have they
got on there they got high school wrestling now i have always said of course we know professional
wrestlers most of them are uh... you know like gorgeous George except for Jesse the body and we're
not too sure about him even though his wife talks a good game but i'm looking at he and i've
always said that high school and college wrestlers are a faggot okay and oh no you're wrong about that
that's a game club you moron i'm looking at this can't believe me they were both ugly unfortunately
but there's these two kids about i know seventeen high school kids and they get down on the mat
and the one who gets down on his hands and knees right and throws his spectrum up in the year
and the other one gets down on top of him grab him around the waist grabs him around the waist
and then they roll around on the mat together
ahaha yeah what is that that's a gate club you more sounds like it to me
and then if you ever noticed when those high school and come on you know the age they get a little
bit excited i guess it's the friction every time they stand up there's like a yeah
like there was a little bit of excitement going on in there yeah right and sometimes there's
even like a squirt spot there must be perspiration huh that must be it right yeah little perspiration
What a fag, uh, thing that is wrestling.
That's all you people out there.
If Johnny comes home and says he's joining the high school wrestling team, just remember,
change those towels, pink, pink sounds good.
Maybe purple, purple would be good.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Good morning.
Yes, sir. Great.
First of all, I saw the Maggio play and I've watched Kubrick's film.
I choose Kubrick over Joe D.
Any day in the week.
Any day.
No, no, no. Any day, any month, any year.
Kubrick was a genius, so the Maggio was just another dumb jock.
Just another grease ball from New York.
One movie that really didn't get that much attention, which I thought was one of his best
was Paz at glory with Kurt Douglas.
Not the second.
I think he was the director on that.
Right, yes he was.
And it was one of the greatest movies I've ever seen.
I've been going to movies ever since I was a kid.
And I thought it was one of the best anti-war movies I've ever seen in my life.
And I guess that's why I didn't get much play when it first came out.
And I think Douglas was great.
I think it should have won him a Academy Award, but unfortunately it didn't.
Yeah.
And the Maggio was a great ball player.
I saw him for the end of his career and he was still a very imposing player.
But I didn't think he was the greatest of that generation.
My mind, New Zealand was.
But that's another story.
What about Ted Williams?
Ted Williams was a great hitter.
But I think all around to speed for defense, the hitting New Zealand was a better ball player.
Yeah.
I could be prejudiced.
I've been a Cardinal fan.
He might be, yeah.
But for that generation, like I said, to me, New Zealand was the best.
You just said something about high school wrestling.
Now I got to take a fence.
I'm just fine.
I was a high school wrestler.
Uh-oh.
Okay.
Yeah.
And he's the straighter I think he is.
I mean, he's not really good at it.
He's always like the girls.
And I've never seen any indication.
I think painting a broad brush on all of these kids is really unnecessary.
Yeah.
We believe it.
Have a great day, pal.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
Don't count any grandchildren.
Okay.
We have an open line in the day to a broward.
And maybe adoption five six seven oh five sixty.
Pound five sixty on the 80.
If there's anybody in this audience that knows any.
Any guys that were high school or contact, maybe some of you would like to convince us, huh?
Am I going to believe you?
No.
But give it your best shot.
Okay.
Try to convince us that you're into wrestling, getting down on your especially the guy who's the bottom, if I can say that.
Huh?
What is that?
Who invented that?
What kind of a sub met the Greeks invented that?
What do you expect?
The starting position.
The authority Greeks invented that.
Why do you know?
That's why it centers around your.
Beckham because it was a Greek thing.
And they wrestled naked.
Yeah, that's right.
Thank God for that forskin, huh?
You can just imagine.
But just like that little immortal turtle at least they have when I was a little kid.
Every now and then with poppits, head out, you know, take a look.
Open line in day five six seven oh five sixty.
The pop five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Macho wrestlers, are we kidding here?
Oh my god.
Next we're going to be hearing about macho figure skaters.
When you come right down to it, we just think of all the different sporting events.
Divers, swimmers.
Oh yeah.
Where is that?
Thing I got.
Oh yeah.
Sorry.
Divers, swimmers, ice skaters, figure skaters, huh?
Can this.
Oh, gymnasts.
Whooo!
Flamers, scrimmers.
Hot looking young guys in tights and girls.
Lady golfers, wrestlers.
Wow.
I bet you there's just a.
It's a gay club you moron.
Fingers.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm glad you said figure skaters.
Talk about people coming out of woodwork.
Tiny of harding had something to say about monocle whiskey.
The news is really desperate.
I called the savior a couple hours at time.
HBO showed a movie called Lansky.
Please don't waste your time.
It's so vague.
And Richard Dreyfus is the flying Lansky.
Oh, I can't stand Richard Dreyfus.
I get the heave.
I get the wet heaves when I hear his name.
He's playing Meyer Lansky.
But the movie is so vague.
They don't really talk a little bit about Virginia Hill and.
No, like Jerry Lewis playing Abe Lincoln.
But please don't waste your time.
It is pathetic.
And the guy that gets it on fours, the guy that goes to get on top of him,
that's called mounting.
No, get him.
And I'm going to tell you something.
I'm in my 40s.
I'm in my 40s.
And I'm going to tell you something.
Believe it or not, because I don't get into South Park and all that.
The beaversome budhead are really fun.
But let me tell you something.
They did one on high school wrestling one time.
And it was hysterical.
Oh, Jesus.
That's a fucking tear of me.
Yeah.
Beaversome budhead did one.
And the whole thing was about big.
Then, budhead was on the four.
And the other guy.
And Beaversome hollering it.
The guy was trying to.
He was doing.
It was hysterical.
What do you think they call them?
But.
Correct.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
It bottoms up.
So it's called mounting.
I was in a Royal Canadian.
Mounties.
We have an open line of day five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Hey, listen, if Roy Rogers could mount trigger.
And pound five, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Yeah, the ancient Greeks.
They invented wrestling.
And all those gymnastic events that you were talking about.
All of these things.
That's right.
And we know about the ancient Greeks.
That was used to say beware of ancient, beware of Greeks bending down.
Here's a mobile in the Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hey, B.O. How are you?
Okay, sir.
A couple of buddies of mine were golfing over at Eagle Trace.
They were going golf?
They were playing golf in Eagle Trace and they hit Jeff Rimmer's house.
Yeah.
One of the balls and Jeff came running out.
And for what I heard, he gave him a little bit of some washing and everything I grabbed.
But I guess the, I just wanted to just see just to verify it.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay, we have an open line of day one and Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound five, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Miami Lake.
Hello.
Yeah, you knew.
Yes, sir.
What's going on there?
How much?
Well, listen, I actually thought I'd be getting an argument with you, but I just heard the last caller.
I also agree that the Kubrick death is a lot.
It's something more to mourn than the, the Dimaegio thing.
No contest.
I mean, so far we had 7,282 calls every one of Mrs. Kubrick.
Seriously, I'm not one vote for Joe D.
I woke up this morning.
I heard about Joe Dimaegio and I was like, you know, they kind of stinks whatever.
I guess he was sick.
I came to work.
I guess he was sick.
He's been having stories of his death for months now.
Oh, that's what I mean.
And then I come to work and somebody says, oh, did you hear also Stanley Kubrick die?
And I swear I almost like dropped because the guy is just as genius.
And I think I'm going to have to watch the shining tonight, you know, and sort of get the Kubrick vibe back.
But I also want to let you know I'm a Boston Bruins fan and we're going to come to town.
I get to cut Tuesday night and not you guys out of the play.
Yeah, I think it's Tuesday.
Not this Tuesday.
Oh, no, April.
I think it's like April 7th or April 8th.
Well, listen, man, whatever night of the week.
Well, that's not what you're trying.
I got to look forward to that.
I actually got to see the Bruins on TV this weekend.
And you're probably right.
It looks like they're going to make the playoffs.
But I will tell you this to me.
They're very boring.
Maybe that's because Dale Arnold is doing the games and I can't stand him.
He's the worst broadcaster in history.
He's the winner race.
He is.
I'm going to tell you going from Fred Qsick to Dale Arnold would be like going from Mel Allen to Goli.
Oh, man.
That's how bad that is.
Well, listen, he was good talking.
Yeah, like a show.
And good luck to you, Sivima.
You'll need it.
Say how to famous Ainess.
We have two open lines today, five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
pound five, 60 on the AT and Tim, glad we got the cure delay things straightened out.
And then we'll fart the call before that was so adamant.
And so I got today, I got you, guess what?
Raw.
Just like the people with that doctor's your vlog book.
Raw.
See, it takes a real macho man like me to admit when they're raw.
I often am.
But at least I'll admit it.
I'm not just a hard ass like that little pergilty.
Oh, yeah, but feel freeze and I know he's not.
Oh, bye bye.
Now you're an asshole.
See, I would just remember one thing, a guy that starts calling names.
As opposed to dealing with the facts can't back up his fact.
Just remember one thing about that person.
He's an asshole.
That's right.
Not that I would call him an asshole, but he's an asshole.
He did.
Because there's nothing.
There's nothing worse than somebody who starts calling people names.
Like that little punk Maddie Abel, that little midget, that little puss, the food Nazi.
And whatever you do, don't play that.
Oh, now there's more money.
There's another hundred.
Ah, 150 bucks.
I've been in the business for 700 years.
And that to me, this is right up there in the top five of the silliest, most ridiculous,
most idiotic things that anybody has ever even wasted my time with.
Of course, they have a lot of embarrassing things that go on over their power 96.
We don't want to mention that Don Cox tape, which we do still have that somewhere, by the way.
Anybody want to hear that?
Uh-huh.
My winner doesn't whistle.
Oh,
about movement.
Now would be nice about movement.
Has too much rights on my toilet.
Where I belong would be terror died.
About movement.
Finally begun.
I can't wait to see.
And my colon and him come in here.
I hold your breath from this moment on.
All right.
I don't know exactly where this is.
Maybe when I said nothing to part.
I would just have never died far.
To finally
I did
to do
about movement.
Now I'm in a rush.
I am finished.
I promise you this.
I can't wait to give it a flush.
My down movement.
It's public to it.
By the way, for the 10 million time here's Jolton Joe to magio.
Any interest?
No.
So here's a fact that says.
My coworker just informed me he was a wrestler in high school.
He tells me what you explained about the positions is how the contest begins.
Now we also attended Columbus High during his wrestling years.
Does that all make him gay?
Is there any doubt?
No.
The positions.
There's the top.
There's the bottom.
And when one guy hops on the other one and they start the whole thing, they call it mountain.
Need any further explanation?
No.
I didn't think so.
God.
What kind of what kind of what is that?
What is it when you look at it?
I said seriously because I haven't seen that crap in years and I'm looking at thinking this is so
fake.
It is such a faggy looking thing.
And of course the object.
To pin the other guy.
It's to pin him.
Tenelum.
Yeah.
I can do that.
What's wrong with that?
Here's a mobile and cross spring.
New God.
Yes sir.
I totally agree with you with that high school wrestling thing.
That is the gays.
That's worse than male cheerleaders I think.
But at least those guys are just about to get the you know.
That's what Trent Lott said.
And this Joe D'Amagio is saying struck me.
The funniest thing is on the S.P.
And they had that tape waiting to go baby.
There is waiting to get the word.
That's why ESPN and CNN are just unleashing a barrage of Joe D.
Crab now because they've had this in the can if I can say that for months now.
They're waiting and waiting and waiting.
They're opening to the east side on two weeks I think.
Right.
That's right.
Okay pal.
Let's talk to you.
See you on the mat.
We have an open line and they know what they are.
How they get on the mat.
I wonder how Matt's feeling about it.
And Vanessa.
We have an open line and powered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
I don't want you to feel bad.
But if your son comes home and says he just joined the wrestling team.
Tom the pack.
Oh, we over the years.
Here's a mobile in Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hello Neil. How you doing this afternoon?
Okay.
Neil I rest over.
Will you close back in?
Well, I just filled in high school and college with your kind.
With the gymnastics team as well.
Oh my god.
I'm not gay.
I believe you.
We believe you.
Don't leave a little bit.
We hope for me Neil.
That's just a straight.
No.
No.
Oh lord.
I'm going back down to Columbia.
You got any choice places where I had to go?
Oh god.
Talk about it.
Well, that was I didn't realize that was from Fort Myers.
Talk about a boring one note Charlie.
He's a faggot.
Yeah, you'll have a good time in Columbia.
Now to Corn, Metacone.
Yeah, they're all into that.
560, 7.0560.
Pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Where is he boring?
Here's a mobile at home.
Did hello.
And yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Neil, if you ever need a good night's sleep, you got to watch that HBO movie.
There are landscape.
Yeah.
It's awful.
It is.
It's a combination of standby.
Auth your movie.
It's stressful.
You can get that movie by highmedem Aurora Suez now.
So when the operate in Gotham, it might have been a conversation about now but it's not
going to break.
Well, we'll be at WronnenТы now.
We're going to have a word called you move forth.
Frankie Lamin and the teenagers are like black bubble gum music. That's what that was
Sure on adulterated
Open-line it-broward five six seven oh five sixty anybody ever wrestled at Columbus high
Okay, let's see that that's ten strikes against the already in fact probably father O'Toole is the wrestling instructor where they're no doubt
Yeah, let's get down and you need here Billy come on. Let me show you how to do it on the mat. You'll be the bottom. I'll be the top
It's mounting time at Columbus high
Here's a mobile in Okitobi. Hello. Hey, this is kept yesterday. I really enjoy it
I wrestled in high school and I can tell you
The top is sport
Out there. I played football up until ninth grade
But wasn't big enough to play play on the hot school team
So then I got in the wrestling you can actually it's one-on-one one-on-one sport where your wrestling somebody that's your actual weight
So it really works out to where whoever's the best athlete will win. Yeah, but I think it's good that they you know
They paired the little guys with the other little guys, you know, well, I'll tell you this
I can't even get a date my senior year
I've been with almost every winch in my high school. I had sex a bad reputation and none of us guys were fags at all
I'm just I'm here to tell you it's a great sport
Yeah, it is a great sport. I believe you but I don't know if anybody does on my team that was gay and we probably would have took him out in
If you were yeah, so that's that's my take on so okay, thanks. We believe you. Do we believe him? No, no, I'll fag it
Okay, medical on what or George is catching ants by the way in the other room. Do we still we have an exterminator yet? No
Like I said a radio company a multi-million dollar radio company that doesn't even afford that won't spend a few bucks once a month
For an exterminator to come out and spritz a little bit with his big can
There are a bunch of cheap bastards is what they are okay. It's the beastly greed effin way cheat cheat cheat cheat cheat cheat
We can afford to pay some bimbo to oh, yeah
Man am I emotional about that are you emotional? No bad really bad fake
My minting could have faked it better than that
But we can afford to pay some bitch talent fee to do that
But can we afford an exterminator to come here and keep this place like sanitary no so anyway, let me think about Todd Dreck
Oh, I got to do a spot first. Well, it kind of ties right in
There's nothing like the smell of fine paint on a lazy Saturday afternoon to get high on that's right
Knipping paint is a great way to unwind on the weekend forget all the chemically engineered neuro stimulants those crazy self-American drug lorther designing
This is the real thing
This is a little bit in an imp in a
Not money
But I can stay away girlfriend
girlfriend
Forever when you want to kick back relax and fry your brain to big and bits pick up a good old gallon of wallpaper
I need to pee myself
He's available
214 to 560 WQM just to remember one thing something that somebody in college told me a Michigan state about a hundred years ago
It's not important in life that you succeed, but that your friends fail
I'm surrounded by that. It's not important that you succeed, but that your friends fail especially when it comes to their health and their fat
I've been back. This is one week today
I wish you go today came back on here from vacation and starting right when I walked in and please don't tell me about good intentions
About what a ruthless bastard. I'm the problem is I'm too nice of a guy
That's the problem that I keep my mouth shut
But as of today I'm gonna start making a scene anytime anybody
Makes available to me all this poison that kills me all these refined carbohydrates
Candy and cookies and biscotties and crap last money I come back. Oh happy anniversary. No
Here's a bunch of stuff to take home and kill yourself with and I did
And then you know as the week progressed and Thursday night we had the fat-rich episode of the track
Well, how about a nice big piece of chocolate cake with a big piece of chocolate
Fingered ice cream with it. There you go
And then Saturday night at the hockey game
You see it I know it's it makes me seem like a real prick when I'm knocking people who think that they're doing nice things and
And a woman these people you know can all they just been in Toronto they were there for that closing game and maple leaf gardens
Bring me a big Manila folder and inside the folder here's the
Program from that night and maple leaf gardens. Here's the maple leaf your book. Here's some other stupid magazine about Toronto
That's in all hotels that I see but anyway here's the because they're they're trying to be nice
But also in the bag here's two big boxes of smarties
That just happened to make their way out on the table last night
And I'm in public yesterday afternoon
I made two trips to my publics over the weekend. Did I buy one shred of anything evil?
No anything with a fine carbohydrates no candy no ice cream no cookie. Anything no
But I'm in the store on the yesterday yesterday afternoon and here's one of my neighbors
Of course, you know a couple of houses down across the street
My Italian lady neighbor who is a very nice person in her own bizarre way
She's there with her pudgy son who's a nice kid but needs to lose some weight
And I'm sure she's for speeding Italian food, but at any rate they're all nail-ass. Oh boy
Cuz she can pop pop pop pop pop this woman can talk up a store
She will stop in the middle of the street on my street in her car
And if she sees you like in the in the driveway
Getting ready to close the garage door. She will keep talking until you close the garage door and you're inside
And then you go inside the house and if you open up the window you'll hear she's still out there talking
Bapapapap I mean nice person but a Yanta Bapap. Oh, and I brought home these wonderful Italian chocolates from Italy
filled with caramel and you know and you've got to come to the house for a great Italian meal and I'm saying no
Please just let me away. Please no
And so of course that I did I mentioned Todd the Dreck I forgot about that part
Which we had food from our good friends in that's an otay which was delicious and he brings the menu in here on
Whatever day it was George picked out what he wanted I picked out what I wanted very specific instructions
No bread no pasta no desserts Neil can't eat him. He's on the atkins. He's diabetic
Diabetic you understand diabetes you got it no
In fact, I'm convinced beyond a shadow but I in fact my dermatologist is a hockey concert
It brings me the report on my biopsy. Did they find out anything? No?
I'm convinced it's from fat from sugar from all this crap. I've been eating I've been killing myself with for months
Pints and pints and pints of fish moon all the other Ben and Jerry's and ice cream and candy and cakes
Oh, which I left out the cake on the anniversary date to by the way
Not just the biscotties to take home, but a huge cake the there the size of Delaware
Seriously, there are actually towns in America smaller than the cake
So Todd when it brings in our pison from a metronauta here on Friday and here's your meal and guess what?
Here's all a bunch of angel there pasta too pasta Pomodori. It was pretty good. I stand here eating it and
My blood sugar is soaring rising
Rampedly I'm telling you I wake up two o'clock in the morning this morning
I thought the world was my life was coming to an end
I thought I was gonna beat out a Joe to Maggio by hours
Right on the heels of Stanley Kubrick. It's oh god. It's the big one
And I know you've heard you've heard this crap until it's come out of yours
I don't care because there were a lot of you out there that suffered the same thing and you refused to open up your mouth about it
I'm the only one so now I'm gonna be a real son of a bitch about it if you bring me anything that I can't eat
I'm gonna I'm gonna number one gets surly and number two
I'm gonna take it and throw it in the first trash can I find when it down I'm gonna throw it out
Stop bringing me candy you maniacs
If I want smarties I can buy all the goddamn smarties I want if I want food guess what I make a couple of bucks
I can go and eat it Ruth Chris. I can eat the most expensive restaurants in a in the world. I can afford it
If I want to go to gourmet markets and buy you name it I can afford it
Don't bring me any
F***ing food, okay? Please and
As far as our sales department is concerned I've eaten the last meal for this year in this room or up there
Whatever in the studio
Because you know what Maddie Bell says no food in the studio. That's right. The food Nazi wouldn't approve. So keep the F and food out of here, okay?
Surrounded by murderers
Here's more waterdale. Hello. Yeah, sir. I had the misfortune to see the Rolling Stones. Yeah, it was horrible
Really I paid not I didn't pay $350, but I didn't pay $50 either. Yeah, and the sound
The Wendy's drive-through has better sound really yeah, and I called my credit
Oh, sorry for that. Yeah, yeah, we're well. I called my credit card providers today, and I'm not paying
I refuse really. Yeah, I'm not gonna pay that bad, huh?
That was just the sound of the performance thung too. No, I mean it looked like a good show. I wish I could have heard it
That's the Macarena for pal. I'm glad you had a good time. Thank you. So there's a call number two complaint number two
They're pissed off
Open line in day two and Broward five six seven oh five sixty
Count five sixty on the mobile one line. Oh Neil
I brought you back these great candies from Italy filled with caramel and Nuget and
eight million calories and loaded the carbohydrates
The film would you look at God stop just plain stop already
Here's the four-letter-dale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen. You hit it right on the head
I wrestled in high school. Thank you. I did it for the sole purpose of getting closer to those guys right and
Believe me. Believe me. I couldn't wait. You know something even a straight guy's that around the team
Don't they realize that to be in grab in fact, maybe they're enjoying it. Yeah, they're really love it
I couldn't wait to put my hands through someone's legs and try to turn them over. I used to lose
No, I used to lose on purpose just to be put on you know, I'm about them anyway
Yeah, this to be on a bottom right?
I'm gonna make love you more. Yeah, and you listen
I missed it the the film game. I didn't know you were away
I had great feet about four rows behind you want to bring my boyfriend over and introduce it to him. Yeah
But I don't know any fags in for a lottery that likes sports and are but still I got news for the whole macarena
There's more faggots at those hockey games than you can shake your wand at okay
I need to find on the where they are. I will check it out the right sections. Okay. I'll leave my number with yours
And yeah, I'll send you a diagram. Okay
There you go rest my case
Open line of data and see the year that that goes right back to what I've always told you
Those allegedly straight guys under wrestling team they had there having a good time and they can say oh see look
What a macho I never I mean this is like the guy to call before trying to rationalize it away
This is the most difficult of all the sports. This is a great one-on-one
Yeah, one-on-one you know what they call that don't you?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How you doing deal? Okay, sir?
This is a I've eaten at the macarena in the restaurant one. Thank you so much
Open line and date to a Howard five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
I'm real happy for you sir
There's about three chances of that getting on your none much less than none and the infinity got it caught infinity and
But sure to them about it, okay?
Jackass
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Yeah, I was cruising down from Palm Beach and heard the caller about the loudest sound at the macarena for the Rolling Stones concert
Yes, sir. That was the sound I was there. I was there too and I'm ready to hear it
The acoustics in the sound was outrageous real horrible
Huh
It was the songs put on a great concert, but if you can hear it will get a 10 times better they stuck
Uh-huh
I'll have it sound horrendous. Okay, well, we'll see there again soon. Okay, just bring money bring cash credit cards. Whatever you got
Now, but now you know something maybe it wasn't the sound that was bad. Maybe they were really bad. They stuck I mean they're like yeah
What is the 86?
Mick
Maybe that's what it is. See that's another one of those things. Oh, it's the Rolling Stones. It's a hype job
You know, we got to go until they stick their ass in the ground with Jolton Joe to Maggio
We got to keep going and see them because they're still alive
Two open lines had powered five six seven oh five sixty and pump five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello
Neil God. Yes, sir
fellow agnostic or atheist I should say yeah, you know funny the guys who
invented the old wrestling where the Romans and the Greeks. Yeah, they were proud sponsors of the old book plug and pillow
Biter's in fact the team name was the tar stars. Mm-hmm. It totally goes to show that the rest of the hits for faggot
Okay, great. Okay open line and date one and groward five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
What do you say God damn it?
Here's a
Colin Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I used to wrestle for high school and
Let me tell you one thing actually football baseball track the whole 90's and I tell you one thing the toughest
Whatever it done is wrestling. Yeah, I
Said they want to let you back out. I went to national and I believe me. I was like studying school while the girls and everything man sure
We believe you
Okay, I
And all those guys that were rolling around on the mat with you realize most of them were fagged, isn't
You yeah, no, not not all of them is there were
And then Bobby
Maybe you like their butts maybe that was it okay glad you had a good time pal
Isn't this great that I got all these people out of the closet trying to rationalize all these all these things
That they were involved in it's a gay enterprise. I hate to break the news to you got sucked in so to speak
Okay, you got sucked right into it. Oh, it's a real manly thing. It's one-on-one competition. You know, it's almost like it's like boxing mono a mono
Yeah
I'm not sure if it's mono a mile because most of the rest of the Zino always say I like the we we I want to bang in the butt
Honey tonight on national geographic discover America series will be lucky and of course miss vagina
As you can see it's very damn talking here, which is the perfect environment for small birds and other creatures
It's the discovery America series inside an anacle miss vagina tonight on the superstations
1230 at 560 WQM. What's that something that you must have bought with your own money no doubt. What is that?
Panasonic what inquiry fill for the fact machine. Oh, I thought it was something exciting
Like a real piece of equipment in this joy. Sorry getting carried away open-minded Broward to and date on a coma-inducing Monday all these wrestlers out there
This is a real fly opener baby. Oh
Yeah, I was on the football team on the back of the ball team and the baseball team and I was also yeah right
He was also a cheerleader with those pom-poms and also a wrestler. What what's that?
What is that?
It appears to be a new WQ a m keychain. Oh my god
Holy crap. Well, just think that if we have to pay that talent fee for we won't be able to order a bunch of these key chains
What a chinchy cheap ass out for this is man
Look at that and that's the same ugly yellow and blue colors, you know that awful QA M logo that real puke inducing a thing that my little dog could have created that and been more inventive more creative
Nice going Greg one of America's great broadcasters just asking hilltell you
Here's Miami hello, okay, sir Neil former wrestler here. Yeah
Definitely a baggage port no question about it
How do you like all these bags in denial come up here today?
Yeah, let me tell you my the convention near or macho
I'm about to get on the straight guys and I would grab their pen ounces right and they were not me. I says yeah, I love it. Yeah, they love it
I know when I got there. Oh, I
Okay, open line in the Broward all three and they five six seven oh my course you notice he was a spanish five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on a mobile one line
Here's plantation hello
Any how you doing okay, sir. I don't think wrestling is a fact sport
It is I mean I I would not have a nice glade and want to take wrestling
It's for the fear of getting an erection, but uh-huh, but other than that so I'd like to hit on all Samuel Finn
Lovely isn't that great? I saw it. Yeah, I have so many anybody deserved it
He did especially in Boston right?
Okay, I have a great day. Okay back to you
Okay, boy, they're short and brief and not too many today. I'll tell you that if we had one woman yet today
No, well, what do they know about the female about the wrestling?
Well lady wrestling there you go
They like to grease it up five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's a market. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, there was a classic controversial scene from a movie in 1969 called Women in Love
That showed that undercurrent of sexuality you're talking about
We wrestling you might remember it. No, I'm all of a read and Alan date have have a spontaneous riffing match and they get a little more decided
Than they anticipated. Yeah, and that's what I showed. I mean there's undercurrents or zone
The reason they're based huh? Yeah
Yeah, but that's what you're talking about exactly and then it showed that and then nobody wanted to talk about it
But you guys it is an obvious homo erotic event two guys
One mounting the other one they're crawling around on a mat
They're they're rolling around wiggling around grabbing each other's anything they can grab
I mean if that isn't one of the faggiest enterprises than anybody could think of and we got these guys calling in their day in denial again
Afterwards they were very excited and embarrassed right by the way with which any way yes
We're Stanley Cooper
If you think about it the five-pound for Hitchcock he's got more classic scenes in his movies than anybody you can think of even Joe
Okay, we have open line and Broward to indeed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Mobile in Vanita Springs hello
Yeah, okay great five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line is the search for calls continues here on a Monday
just
When it down problem out
Oh
Am I am I
I gotta talk to you
Oh God I hate to admit it. I wrestled up your chronic man. What I hate to admit it
But I wrestled on a team for all boy Catholic school. Yeah
In the church
I never said that good I can't stand it
Tall Harvey Jr. I
In a my right it was a horrible experience. Well, why did you do it? I you know what I couldn't plan the football team because I was too small
Yeah, so guys like us we ran track
Could be on a baseball team because you had that orange head and they kept thinking it was orange baseballs that we're using that kept swinging at your head. Yeah
That anyway, it was horrible what one part didn't you like well with you know what a crime you're a victim
No, do you know what a cross face is a cross face a cross face is what a guy
Drags his arm across your face. I know that Monica said she gave good face
And your nose is right in his armpit. Oh
Child is Christ, so we wrestled schools like Ealy
Or boy de Anderson. Oh, I understand Ealy's got the the smelliest armpits by the way
Yeah, it was the most this and then the mat would get all sweaty
Right, it would have like this oily like Jerry girl guys all sweated up and leather
What does it sound like that's a date club you
Be on the club beyond a shadow of a doubt. Oh the worst. Yeah, but as far as it being a liquid after the third year I quit
Have a good listen in club. Yeah. I'll see you in the back path of the Air Force have a good day
Open line of date all 400 and groward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
All the chronics today here's Dave the cup another chronic. How you doing?
Okay, a great article in today's paper the Harold Cal Thomas wrote in the about
Your friend Monica Lewinsky not interested the lady is a child. Thomas is a fascist
Yeah, you're right, but he may make sense on this one not interested in anything there
How can you pick and choose with Cal Thomas? Oh?
This caught the eye more so than the author what he said about her like Jerry Fawval saying he finally met somebody that was some cartoon character
There wasn't a fact, you know, hey listen
I needed I caught on the show a little late. Let me answer some what about boxing I box for many years
I still train are they gay too?
Only Mike Tyson you think no
Also the boxes are okay. It's the rest of us. You got to worry about what's the comparison box your boxes are standing
You know well, they're swinging at each other not grabbing each other and putting each other down on the ground
And mounting and rolling around on top of each other and grabbing each other's
Privates and sniffing each other's armpits. There's a lot of hugging sometimes hugging and squeezing. Yeah, like I said
We'll check it out. Okay. Thank you. Okay
Okay, here's our last call. Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing with Roger? Okay, sir
I was listening to you earlier and George was spraying some ants I believe and
My concern is
You don't spray for ants you have to bait for them. Okay, and um, it's cheaper to bait them to spray them since
There's so cheap to pay your exterminator there. Yeah, and many just go home people buy some pearl gel
Set up a couple of items and what?
T-R-O-O
Peral gel. Okay, T-R-O-O
Peral T-E-R-O-O
Yeah, okay
Okay, it's
Most ant-like sugar. So the only way to do that and to get rid of them
It's to bait them and get to the main source which is the colony if you're such a spray
And more you can do spray them out throughout the whole bill. Well, spray them with what we're not spraying and we're just kidding
We're just smacking slapping them. Oh, I understood. We're coming one at a time. No, we don't have anything this spray
We haven't got squat. Oh my the only way to get rid of them is to bait them, sir
If you don't get to the car to the main queen which enough and you got to get to the main queen
That's exactly what I always said
You have to keep baiting them okay, we'll throw out your favorite. Thanks for the good news
Okay, let's go out and get some terrible stuff and smear it around. Well, let's just bait them
1600 open lines today the worst day in a history of my life
I feel like a death story actually almost called you this morning called in sick because they got about two and a half hour
sleep with a blood sugar about 9,000
Because they got about you know just only 40 or 50 people trying to kill me. It's not too bad
Friends, be very afraid
Oh well, oh well
My sack is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearls
I don't even have enough to pack us world
I tried secret lotion and technology
But it's don't get no bigger than a dog see there's nothing I can do
I only got a three inch two are you sure you'll be disappointed when we reach my house
Because you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a mouse
Is ain't no big Mac or like a happy new you get more satisfaction from your high heel
You'll swear I was in the pool
Because I only got a three inch two
Sometimes that night I wonder if it will ever grow
If I was a homosexual I couldn't even push in your soup
It looks like Mr. Peanut without the king
It's got capillaries instead of things
The God circulation with a big ring
For Halloween I'm dressing like a buffalo wing
It's in a suction tube
Because I only got a three inch two
Even with a metric rule
I only got a three inch two
Tell them guys
Yeah, you got a three inch two
Oh baby
Come here honey
Not quantity
I can only find a three inch two
45 and 560 WQR I think what we're learning from this show today is that you know most rake cars are either very naive
Or they you know lie a lot to themselves and everybody else maybe just naive you know
Huh oh they like it church and they like it okay 14 open lines and date 14 and brown at 5 6 7
Oh, don't forget it's not important in life that you succeed, but that your friends fail don't ever forget that
And that's especially the motto of the fat people and those people who want to keep you fat and dead
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Oh, yes. I used to wrestle me. Yeah, and six of my friends used to wrestle and
Would marry and have kids and another turn okay, right you sound Hispanic though. I am Hispanic well that rests my case, okay
Open line he said he's Hispanic and he's straight okay, do we believe it?
Open line is brown at all three and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
You notice every single one one after another after another they're trying to convince us are we buying it? No of course not
Anybody with a brain believe it. No
And at Paul Harvey, Jr
So of course he's so dense, you know, you know, I'm saying he just took him till the fourth year to catch on
He just thought he had bad words. Here's a mobile in for a lot of Dale. Hello
Deal. Yes, sir. Let me make a couple comments on the
topics today. I'd say Stanley Kubrick fantastic filmmaker. Yeah, I have about six or seven of his
Movies have my apartment right now or great. I'm gonna watch a field tonight
Plot work orange especially a little jacket is my favorite and of course the shining it still scares the hell out of me
Even though I'm 34 years old, but when I watch is just great
Um, I feel the storm that I want to see him on Friday night at the Macarena the only complaint I had it was a great show
I had to sculpt a ticket 120 bucks
But I was about I was in the third row at the little mini-stays that they set up and it was great great show high energy
Something happened with the RAC unit and it crapped out about halfway through it
Did I just held down in the floor, but I went back up onto the first level up there
It seemed to cool off a little bit, but he might
Maybe I'm have around some happen with the AC, but it was great
I did go to see Billy Joel and the AC were great, but something happened
Friday night now is the only complaint I had other than that it was fantastic for parking and everything else and in closing
All wrestlers are hey
Hey
Okay, we have an open line of Howard uh, 200 and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
So we got 248 people that said that the acoustics at the stones concert sucked and they hated it like poison and they want
They got their money back and this guy said that he was sitting in the right spot. So it was great
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal. Hello
I would go in there. Okay, sir
I was talking to the show and um, I find it very interesting when people call in the show and they start complaining about
You insulting different people and solving different things that go on when that's the very nature of the show is to talk about those things
And have a good time and entertain about the funny things in life right and also I just wanted
all the things
All the things actually I just I also wanted to hear I was looking into the show
few days ago maybe it was last week and
Somebody played you guys played this
Some guy calling into a Chinese restaurant or something
About uh, and it just started like making up some noise or whatever that was supposed to be like
The language yeah, and they were responding if you could play that I greatly appreciate it Chinese restaurant sale
I
mean
You
Patrick
Hello
Yeah, who's speaking?
Yeah, hello, good speaking
Hello, hello, can you hear me? Yes, you got rest off for sale
Huh, how much you want for the start?
Why you come here and look at it and talk to the boss
Maybe eat dinner with you
Okay, does that price include all the walks?
Huh?
What?
How much?
Two Chinese?
Yeah, Chinese
Okay, you can go to the middle of the road
Go to the middle of the road?
Go?
Two more days
I'll go to the middle of the road
Huh?
Go
Two more days
You can go to the middle of the road
Okay, how about I get all to go and then I come over and pick it up and look at the restaurant
Okay, okay
I started that emotion
Yeah, we need a lot more Asians down here baby
We've been by the busload
We got to ship a whole bunch of people in and a whole bunch of other people
Not to mention no names
We have an open line in Broward 1600 and they date counties
See that's where it's actually just like the article in the heralds said there's no more Jews
It's just Hispanics. It's just
That's what the goddamn heralds said
It's got all these statistics disappearing Democrats
Disappearing Jews
Disappearing old condo commandos. They're old. They're dead. They ran away. It's white flight
We got Hispanics. We got Sparkers. We got both people. That's it. That's state county, baby
Here's a point and be chill out
Okay, great good one
Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello
Mobile in Jupiter. Yes, Claudio. Yes, sir
Just wanted to know are you aware of the fact that dark side of the moon is the largest selling LP in the history of all time?
Yeah
Yeah, you made a common Friday about pink Floyd being in the top 10 rock bands. No, they're not
Yes, they are let's see again if we're gonna go on record sales then Connie Francis and I can bring out
I could dig out my billboard book and give you a whole bunch of other people that had time Frankie Avalon
I thought about the top selling you record of all
So sure let me say to you again
Let me say to you again
You're not listening to me sir nor are you capable because people at a render pink Floyd did so much acid that they can't follow what I'm saying anyway
Record sales doesn't make somebody great anymore than ice cream sales makes vanilla ice cream delicious
We're back to that same very old tired, but very accurate argument. Okay, sir
Selling a whole lot of records if that's the case then the back street boys are one of the great groups in the last 30 years, okay
And George is peeing in his pants thinking about that
One call that this is unbelievable today all the crap we got going on here today and it's the same old tired
Stale South Florida dead crowd
Is there anybody alive and awake out there five six seven oh five sixty
Five sixty on the mobile one line for crying out loud. It's unbelievable. This place
Here's having sure our last call today. Hello. Hey, how you doing?
The worst I'm sorry about the absolute worst
Rag myself out of a sick bed. I schlep in here this morning to entertain the troops
And these people have climbed up like a big gigantic dead clan
Even Joe to magio saying more now than these people are it's disgusting isn't it even Stanley Kubrick is talking up a storm
That's proud
I used to rest in high school and it's definitely a fact point about about it. I don't like Daniel
Munchen
Stunning was meant in tight
Even even bad man and Robin
New phone. Okay. How do you like that side? That was good
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Airread seriously when I when I write my autobiography. It's going to be called begging for calls
That'll sum up the 20 whatever read winds up being the last number years in this town
begging for calls
begging for response
begging for some, by the way, we just got a faction of those three kids at the arena the other night
That were like poking each other out all there is we find out they're on a goddamn wrestling team
So I can understand what they're a little reluctant to speak to me in public. I understand. They want to hurt your image right?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Now yes, sir
Uh pink schloi was not the largest selling album with the longest charting album in history the guys got its facts and none of that proves anything anyway
What what does that mean? It means it's zip right also listen Joe Demaggio passed
Yeah, he rest of these I got a great idea for like a memorial Joe Demaggio day. Yeah, everybody in America on that day
It's a matter of a blow up dog right but everybody in America that they doesn't sign anything right
That's it like that's the memorial. I won't sign it unless you're paying me that's your memorial
That's a good point. Okay excellent
Yeah, what was the big deal with him by the way anybody got any mr. Old mr. Coffee machine hanging around
Whoo
Those are gonna go through the roof baby hang on to your mr. Coffee maker
By especially if Joe signed it. Would he sign them? No five six seven oh five would he sign a baseball? No
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line, but he never stole a freight train
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hill. Yes, sir. I want to know why Paul Simon wasn't on that list
Unlisted block 10 now he's got to be one of the top 10
Oh
Solo or even with the same garb
Most solo and with Simon and Garfun. There's a guy to sit there
The doing quality work for 30 years. No, how many number what how many hit does he had a lot a con but what does that have to do with it?
So did Connie Francis? I'm talking about a third of this who had more big hits Connie Francis or Paul Simon
Yeah, but I'm talking about excellent x1 song
Well, that's a great yeah, talking great music here. Did you say he had a lot of hits?
Yeah, but he did both things yeah, he sold a ton of records and he had the consistent record of excellence
You know throughout three three decades he was doing great with me until he didn't grace land
I love grace land and that's when I said oh boy poor Paul Simon
Yeah, I think maybe you need to listen to it again, but that's not what I call okay
I normally don't read my first land again. No, no. I don't normally read
Cal Thomas
I mean articles he is a reactionary piece of crap. Yes, and I read the one this morning. Yeah, and I love it when these holier than thou
religious types. Yeah, in this in this article takes a shot at Clintons dead mother. Yeah, he said that
if it's just apparently Monica talked about his religious upbringing and he said that the only Trinity
Inclippance father was the twy-sector
I guess meaning that she was a gambler
So how about this guy? I mean nice story takes a shot at Clinton because he's a religious man
Just like all the rest of them. They're all of my
buddies and hypocrites and hate mongers. Don't you get it? But now hate mongers
Just I'm not talking we're not talking love
Yeah, or forgiveness or tolerance or any of that we're talking a hateful right nasty
Uh right wait a piece for her right absolutely and uh
I it speaks for itself
Take that it's a little bit correct. Okay, calm down
She don't mind. It's too long to tell our how many times has this happened to you
I am safe
worship me
She's double
good
I'm not
Another evening of listening to records backwards ruined by satanic messages now protect yourself by insisting on quality recordings only from backside records
The records made to be played backwards. Guess that hits of that happening 60
The monotonous 70s
And the point was 80
Cheater that's a catchy tune. What's it called?
Eighth out put the one or yeah, of course. I should have known don't let those irritating laugh from those messages
spoil your listening anything worth hearing is worth hearing backwards on backside records
Yes, she's an effort liar. Okay, your sales manager by the way. I did not say I wouldn't I will not
Three minutes after one and five sixty-one
I guess it's the one and two music hour because there isn't a call on the board take a look at that
The world famous neo-riders show just a couple of days ago the trends came out where she can serious and
numbers on air this big gigantic invisible audience. It's got nothing to say is there one call on the board
If you got anything to say about anything. No, okay
five six seven oh five sixty
Like pound five sixty on the ATT while this one
Reflections of a life spent begging and begging and pleading and squeezing and cajoling and urging for phone calls probing
Reaching out
You see the method here is the way ourselves the Department of Works is they ask you a question
You say no and then they like it too much later. They'll say oh, yeah, but you said so and so
Like the meeting we had before I came on here and we discussed how many spots we would you know have for our oh no
You've never had that meeting. I don't remember it. They just make it up as big a long. It's called the big lie here at QA
Now very close
You never made
Medley of their man
When Marmalade
Did you know that it was the Marmalade and not just Marmalade?
You know that? Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, you got around my fingers. I know this
I know the song too that I was thought it was Marmalade
Not the Marmalade. I used to watch John Christmas. Don't come. Remember in fact, we just get the Marmalade here
Oh
This guy's hot going to China with pink Floyd
Pink Floyd
So push him over the wall, okay, pushes me over the edge
Here's a D'Areal hello. I nailed it. This is moving the D'Areal. Yes, sir
It's seriously I have storage that the truth that there is no calls
Now after you know this is the way they show works
I have to you know bust the gut and have an nervous breakdown and a few of them call
Then we go into one of our ten in a commercial brace the all drop off and we do it all over again
You know I want one of your advanced books begging for calls
Yeah autographs begging for calls that's gonna be the name of my autobiography
I gotta agree with you with one thing the mommy Harold the the biggest piece of Dreck
Marvin Phil whatever
Agenda you can come up with it is the most pandering
Paper to do to the Hispanics right and there is nothing you know
And it's a waste of time they can keep doing it from now until the end of time
And they still hate it like poison. No, I hated like poison. I'm Hispanic. I can't stand it
All right, just thought I'd go ahead and let you know about the Harold that I hate him
Well, yeah, I got bad news the Jews were moving back in have a great day pal
Yeah, the Jews were all moving back in baby
567 and by the way tell screw angt she's a big liar by the way John penis go up there and tell her she's full of crap as usual
Oh, yeah, Neil said he would do the same spot 16 times today because we got ball game. Yeah
You notice that they're running neo-rodger spots in the ball games in these awful exhibition games now because number one
The rate is a hell of a lot higher number two
They don't want to lose the revenue from those spots and number three they can't sell like that whatever that team is no
They can't sell it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We're gonna go through a whole show today without one woman
Right we haven't had anything even resembling what we did. I have a not even close not in the ballpark
We're gonna jolt and jodamagio
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil how you doing long time this winter
I wanted to get in touch with you ever since last week and I never I never got the chance. Yeah
Ordinarily I agree with a lot of the things you say and you know a lot of the music that you play
You're the one who actually introduced me to Luis Miguel
Feel the other people that you that you play and I'm a who do I had never even heard of them until you
Decided to put them on the air, but I just I wanted to tell you that song that you played from that
That's like number one in England or something right now. Yeah, probably
Yeah, I'm I mean, I'm sorry Neil, but that was terrible. I love that record. I know whatever it all day
I mean could it but could it be because I mean I know you've been saying how much better
You know the lifestyle and everything is in Europe, but I really I've been
Because it's a British group. I hate England. I hate everything about England
And it's a British group. So why would I have anything to do with it? I don't know
But I mean it sounded like a cross between Olivia Newton John and Stacy Latisaw. Oh my god. It did her
Oh, I'm serious. Yeah, I love it
Oh, I mean everybody's in touch with it. I just like it. Okay. I mean it's you know, but it's very fluid
I know but I mean you were saying about how you were
Like very very
What I mean it was it was very very
See when I played it I knew I knew that's why I played it because I knew that I would be the only one who liked it
But I mean, but I least don't give the reason that like that that are that are that your listeners music case is
Very very vanilla because you couldn't get much more vanilla than that record. Well maybe I'm gonna start in vanilla
It's got less car
Okay, I'm sticking. You'll be this all right. I'm even actually okay open line and broward 600 in date county
Where's all those sticks in date county, huh? I'll have been here from a lot of sticks
I don't know what this thing is with this board
This this phone bank they should only take it to the bank. Okay, and stick it in the bank president rectum what they should do with it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line is he gonna make it till today? No chance less than none
We're gonna have to play this whole I found this laying around at the house by the way one hit wonders
Like the Marmalade and there's some pretty a weak stuff on here to be honest with you and you can understand why so these artists never had another hit
Like for example
Like the singing none. No, that's your just favorite by the way. That's his kind of music the singing freaking none number one in the hall of fame. Yeah
And then there's always
Oh
The legend of Billy jack what a good bad look at you. What is it? Yovon?
crap
I
Can't imagine why they didn't have enough a lot of big hit
I think I like hot spicy do you like chili really hot chili that you to try omalley's new really
Hot chili that's right omalley's new really
Hot chili is so hot it's guaranteed to burn the rough of your
mouth or your money back made from the hot of telepineous spices and peppers after just one bite you'll say wow
That's the hottest
Fucking chili I've ever tasted that's omalley do really fucking hot chili from the makers of good and good chowder and
I've taken food. Thanks for my picture
F***ing grosser today remember if it's not omalley's it's not that
114 is 560 wc money you uh getting confused about George
Don't you understand they just lie up there and they just make it up as they go along because they don't care
They do not care
Because I'm sure that the clients don't want us to keep doing the same spot over and over and over again one day
But it's just a numbers game. Okay. Oh, yeah, they want a hundred spots. Well, let's don't get them in today. Okay
They're buying a hundred spots. Let's give them in between noon and two
They might not you know reach like a whole different audience in those two hours
But nevertheless we'll get them on the year. We'll take the money
Thank you like it says on the sign in the other room. Just give us the fn money. Thank you
So anyway, this uh frank Richard that called us show on friday this dark-completed guy
This jazz guitarist and anyway, he sends us the pictures as promised nice go on frank
Thank you all of the really gross
Of himself and his girlfriend with uh arosmith first with stevey Tyler and jokerian. Oh my god
Steve Tyler music is great stevey, but boy men are you a gruesome bizarre looking as if I didn't already know that thing
I mean even more gruesome than I thought here is a crawl springs hello no. Yes, sir
You have quite a music collection there. Yeah, it's ready at your hands
I mean last week I was enjoying all the beat-boy stuff. Yeah, do you have their box collection by chance?
Do I have their box set the box set? Yeah somewhere somewhere. No, I didn't know if you had I was gonna tell you it's great
I was doing all the time. I got everything they've ever recorded. Oh
Anybody who tells me that the beach boys. I said I want to rehash it again that they're better than erosmith
It's got very a marginal taste. I I'm in the system in the same league
And the beach boys in my opinion if it wasn't for the british invasion which is coming in masses and masses and masses and so many different groups would have
been in the dead beadles at any point
There what would have been better than the beetles how the beetles are highly overweight the beetles early music was bubbled to the
worry it was British bubbled them was garbage
Mm-hmm am I right? Absolutely. Yeah, and everything else happened but after them you had the animals in the day clock five
And it just kept so much that it just overshadowed. Yeah American music. Well the animals were good. I don't know
Yeah, but I'm just saying the British music invasion overshadowed only American because there was a lot of margaret even as Herman's German
Yes, another way of Henry D8. Yeah, I met one hit wonder is the
The pilot of a run there. What is it? He said peanut colladas song on that one hit wonder list. No
I did like I would agree with the momelaide was fabulous. I'm like
into my life one of the greatest songs in the history of the human race sir. I remember that was on one of the records
I believe. What are you saying? Blue label. I played it. Okay. I think I played it out
He played some good music. Okay.
What does it say?
Come on let's go right out for this poor guy. Okay
Everybody out there care about what now doesn't it? No
The marmalade and reflections in my life. What does that go into a beach boys and hushabai? God damn it
You know what I need we need to find the original the mystics and hushabai I guarantee you if we get that in here somehow
Somewhere from somebody I will be a moist
I will moisten my undies if we get that or I'm gonna just
Yeah moisten them that way
Seriously don't you love that record the mystics the original hushabai. Oh
God
That's music baby
Pink Floyd my ass you been hanged I would peak boulder too long you know
I like that guy called on Friday little feet. I got some little feet for you. Okay. Take a whiff. Kill it
Here's a mobile and west Palm Beach. Hello Neil. How are you great?
I said to relay a little something to you to have me over the weekend. It was amazing. I was
jogging early Saturday morning in the beach and the Palm Beach. Yeah, and I come along and it looks like there's a girl there on the beach
I think oh my god this girl must have passed off from the night before it just she looks like she's you know dressed from the evening
Was it a birthday marry by a chance? I don't think any was married. I'm sure now she's an origin
As I got up there I realized that there was two guys standing right at this next door both wearing suits after
He's been on all night long come to find out it's two attorneys and the one attorney's looking at anybody goes
Well, what should we do and I'm just standing in the back how do you go? Well, there's no
So weak that I wouldn't even let it finish that's how bad that was and old and old yeah
Terrible just on then this is the best maternity bring to the table today folks
Week pathetic tragic. I'm embarrassed talk about a tragedy. I'm embarrassed for you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Hey, maybe it's gonna be all music week this week you know better bring in a big child crash
Every mother's son man
gigantic
This is pretty good
I get it about a six and a half on a scale of 90
Oh right
And if that doesn't make you puke up lunch this will
Another one hit wonders
Oh
Thank you
Okay, where we going here's a pay phone in Oakland Park hello
Jesus, I got a fella that guy yeah, anyway speaking about being up to the other Matt Carina
Rest once they went to the game and buried got the big hat trick
So I took my hat like every other eight nights to it out on the ice right did that I remember this guy a pin of you
And a no p m pain in a couple of pins and key that was a nice hat. What is this thing to do oh my god
So in between two and three I go out to the women in the brown code sick customer
Gaturation so whatever they call yeah, the blind folks yeah, I sure had out there
And it was my puntial little kids and I kind of wanted to get it back
Is there anyway we can do that no
She gives you this number clover's number this is the Wayne's second to third assistant
So I call it up the next morning
She said yeah, well then the woman and I before said yeah, you can get your hat back
It's no problem. You just have to be able to identify it
So I call up the next morning and I get this woman very fairly woman
Can I help you panthers while I lie so yeah, I threw my hat out on the ice and I wanted to see if there was a way
I get it back oh no that's impossible. You can't do that
I said well, come to the woman in graduation says you can do that
She did I said yes, he says okay hold on
She puts me on the line with the mother schmalice is that I threw my hat out on the ice
Yeah, I'm gonna get you ready to make a long story short
Huh did you get it back? Oh?
I'm up on me all right
Well, he's used to it. Okay, we have an open line in brownered five six seven
Beelieble oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the eighteen two by the way
I've changed my mind about the greatest record of all time after playing it on the year on Friday
It's not crying. It's
You're just a name I like this to show you how marginal his taste is
That I sound a believe if you consider you can say a finale for midnight. I don't believe what you know
We don't know your death you like a reason
Let me see
You don't like this seriously
You know and he's sitting there playing pink Floyd crap
You
Here's West Miami. Hello
West Miami. Oh, yes, yes sir. Is this Neil speaking? Neil
Um, the long time listener long actually long time lunchtime listener
I want to call you about dig county
I completely agree with you about how bad it is the the insurance rates the crazy drivers the highways
It's suck and the services sucks down here
Yeah, but as a a gringo the grew up in the right wing
Farmfields of Ohio. I got one thing it keeps me in this town. Yeah, and I'm sure you'll completely agree
It's the Julios
Yeah
Meaning the Julios the beautiful Julios. That's what keeps me in Miami. Yeah, yeah
Well, they're all horny anyway. You're right. They're all horny and agreeable
As long as you can you know do it in the dark somewhere
We have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Working I'm telling you we're coming we're coming back. We're all moving back today
We're gonna make it instead of the Julios
It's gonna be the Julios baby. Look out just to piss the herald off those anti-semites at the herald
Those far bison of glam at the herald
In fact, if you look up anti-semitism and the dictionary you'll just see pictures of the entire editorial board of the herald on there
Every god damn one of them and there's John Knight right next to it
Mums are bastards
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Uh perfect. I mean I was calling to see if you read the article yesterday some sent
Oh about the old Jews
That's what I was talking about. No, no, no, the one in the sentinel about how they won't allow political fines in the condos
Oh, no, I didn't see that oh yeah, they're not allowing the political fines in the condos
So what they're doing is you're giving out free pothole there's in free nail files
With the political people's names on it. Oh, there you go and they love it
You know, they don't want to know about the candidates or the issues. They don't care, but where's my pothole?
Unbelievable. How about if they how about if they put their names on conishes?
At the raps go have yeah, there you go
Put your name out of conace and just before you put it in your mouth. Oh, he must be great. This is wonderful
I put it on the shore where then they've been bound to have it right that's right
Then they'll have it forever because they're taking it home with them right that's unbelievable
The other thing I could put their names on the pickles
Yeah
And the rolls yeah, you get the rolls too. Oh
I'm let's take a menu home for Sunny. Yeah
Anyway, the barbarian. Oh, it's horrible
The other thing I was going to mention to the thing about wrestling. Absolutely right. I had this coach in high school that
He was coaching the wrestling and the swim team
And he was one of the most unemotional guys you'd ever meet in your life until he would start coaching the wrestling
Yeah, it'd be like oh now you gotta get behind this guy
You gotta put your arm there you gotta do this and that's when the only time you would show emotion
You gotta get out of your mouth and not to get behind these right exactly
I'm out of material okay pal. Obviously. I love you moon. See you on the mat
Okay, okay, Broward's open more fun. You know, we brought him on the class in a couple of them today
It's a bag event
And if you want to continue or you know looking American vids yourself that all the time you were grappling with that guy sweating up a storm
Grabbing each other's private and stiffening each other's armpits on that med that it was a real masculine thing to do
We believe you
It marks that skinny chick the skin is chicken. I know
Your future's bleak that heroin speak. You got to lay off the flow
It marks that skinny chick. We want to know what's the deal
The clothes of drab when you're in rehab your worst than alley mit bill
13 at 560 w the qm there's jolton joda magio and the late merlin Monroe guess what they're both dead
That's right if you've been sleeping in if you like we're hung over overnight and you just crawl out of the sack
You're laying there and reached over and turn on your radio jolton joda magio is finally dead
After threatening us with it after toying and playing with our emotions week after week month after month
He's dead
So anyway, I look at my billboard the thing here
My top pop singles of all time and sure enough and I'm not making a case for her bad
But I use this as an example for those people who like to play the statistics game
Oh, they sold more records than anybody else. They had more in the top 10. It means nothing
It's a question of taste
Because if you're gonna go by that here right on the same pages back to back here is Connie Francis who you know
I'll be honest with you. I'll even admit that some of her songs. I liked I mean, you know
Not great, but look at all the hits she had my happiness who sorry now
Lips to con your collar
Frankie among my souvenirs mama la penga everybody somebody's fool my heart has a mind of its own
Many tears where the boys are from the movie right here in the film the four-letter deal
Breaking the brand new heart together
When the boy new arms is a effect. Don't break the heart that loves you second and vacation on and on page in the half
She's got in here hits
Connie fricking Francis does that make her a top 10 artist about no
No, I guess who's on the next page that's got a page in a half is your re through Franklin
Which I like you re through Franklin is she one of the top 10 recording artists of all time. No, not close good
I mean she's got uh chain of fools and respect and the think and think and I say a little prayer etc
On and on and on all of these things
So you people are want to play the statistics game to try to back up your bad taste
I mean be my guess
It's a matter of being it's like I said before three or vanilla
Do you super fight the chunk or water pecan? No is it a contest?
Not even close
I guarantee you like that record you'll never admit it now
You know I'm serious nobody could be have taste that bad
But that isn't a lot speaking. No, it's not sure. It is you're crazy. That's not even the inspect in it
It's
Oh, I got such a headache from mostly mirror. Oh, it's got no veil
It's got nothing nothing
I was going insane
Oh
It goes builds and builds like crescendo baby you just don't get it
I mean, it's no pink Floyd
You
There's a mobile in hell and deal hello. Hello. Neil. Yes
Hey, sir great. Oh, I got a little laugh on all day. She's just listening to this me too. I'm glad I came in
Uh, I'm going to watch your group 900. Yeah
Yeah, you know what I look at it by the way, Dr. Pasconyak over there at Cleveland clinic mr
Big shot
Thanks for giving me a drug totally irresponsible which I wasn't allergic to the edelette
Thanks for giving put me on a drug that's interfering with my glionase and make it
My blood sugar go wildly out of control. Thank you so much, Dr. Pasconyak. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Yeah
Cleveland have been clinic anyway
I used to look at it the same way. I'm gonna pop a hemorrhage over there. Yeah
You guys know what I think I'd everybody over there's over the age of 100. I should know what I every time I go in there
Cleveland clinic. I'm like a teenager in there. Everybody in the waiting room is old enough to make my great grandparents
Go ahead. Yeah, I used to look at it the same way as you these guys
Rolling around with each other on the mat. Right and what I used to look at is these these matches as they calm
That you used to laugh the while I go, you know the reason these guys have been have been rolling around so long
Atticit the reason I could think they're as reason why you work exactly and let me just have one more thing
These these are mounting each other exactly. I see two guys one down on his knees
They're mounting each other. You don't have to draw me a diaphragm display to me what that is pal
Well, it was just one more thing these other people who think that this race car stuff is a sport these people are out of their mind
Yeah, because hanging from the left turn all day
Yeah, I'm not considered at a sport. Yeah, when they start making rites or in Zell's I'll consider it
Okay, no have a great day here excellent boy. Don't tell Joe Castello that I'll get pissed off
I mean nobody's perfect and that's Joe's week. This is he's got crappy taste in sports
We have an open line of date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
No women today. I don't see one woman on the thing there. We haven't had one woman call all day long today
About anything
Probably because most of the women out there are married to guys who used to be wrestlers in high school
And they turned out to be yeah, you know, I don't want to you fill in the blank they turned out to be
Here's Miami hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I hate the oils because they're gonna play in Cuba. Yeah
Yeah, okay
Open line of date week five six seven oh five sixty and you notice it was another
You have to get that word in there might have come. We got on might have come gotta get that in there
It's like written in the it's an unwritten rule in date county if you're a spick and you make a call of this show
You've got to get one or perfectly both words it will get on mighty corn
Because that's a medley of their material
Just check it just check them out over there Westland man
You know what they're doing over there you're looking for the glory holes. Here's a lighthouse point. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Long time second time all right. I'm gonna talk to you some state day to day
Hmm. I have to agree with you on one thing. I love that step song
From that group right heartbeat. That would it's called heartbeat. Yes. I had the unfortunate
I don't know incident of seeing the video for tragedy over the weekend at a bar
It's a cute group even for girls, but they didn't have it for that. I mean even for girls the two guys in there are ugliest sin
The guys the two guys are grotesque three the chicks aren't bad, but the two guys are ugly as hell
Yeah, the girl in her bag. Who cares what they look like good-looking people rarely make good music
I was wondering do you have that a whole album or is that just one song? I'm both
Lucky lucky. Yeah, no way to get it over here, huh? No, yeah, bam
Think in country
Okay, check my time. Thanks. Bye. Get your neighborhood fag bar. They'll have it
Oh, there's book of Brian just came in that should get that one guy all whipped up
You're good buddy book of Brian's here. Okay, and he said he hopes you have got them eggs on your rectum and have bleeding hemorrhoids in the bloody stools, okay?
Even worse than the ones that roared head if he wants to go
You cut me a bunch of apples
Okay
My long way you can detect these little balls
Smoke guns, a smoke, smoke
He light up the split ventrock
Smoke guns, a smoke, smoke
Smoke guns, a smoke, smoke
The guns are pretty good
You'll be carried out the verb in the gunning sack
Smoke it everyday until your lungs run like
With all the money that we have made
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid
American tourists come here and say
Got nothing like this in the US
Right, they smoke
Smoke guns, a smoke, smoke
They light up the split ventrock
They begin to puff and choke
Smoke guns, a smoke, smoke
They're guns are pretty good
Mama Delphis on you are a rough stop man
You like to smoke the giant split whenever you can
Many people come here for miles around
To buy the work for you, buy the ounce of dick down
Raster man, say to her mama you're right
He can't you be good tonight and then they smoke
Smoke guns, a smoke, smoke
They light up the split ventrock
Smoke guns, a smoke, smoke
Smoke guns, a smoke, smoke
They're guns are pretty good
OK, come on
144.56
You know what we haven't any women today women are embarrassed all over America after that piece
Did you see 20 20 last night which I didn't see the whole thing but I saw the last segment on this thing where it's not light post oxygen
It's new deal up where they what do they call it like surgery where they remove all the saggy fat
And leave this big gigantic scar but anyway they showed mostly women the one guy they had on there
He they had a blackout as crazy with two embarrassed to be what why you nodding your head
Yeah, good. She would be embarrassed
Why because men are supposed to be vain they are but they're not supposed to be oh
But it just fat not vain fat and dead so in any way to women they hit on there
I made me feel so much better about myself
I mean they had I'm not talking about women who would you know, I just given birth
I'm talking about middle women like my age and a little bit younger
They had enormous globs of fat like behind the legs you know and on the
rectum and I mean and oh I have they they you know they were shown before and after pictures
Now I you know I look in the mirror and it's a it's not a pretty sight okay at the ugly thing
I got a real big public and I got like a second stomach and which by the way I never mentioned this when I was on vacation
Here's the greatest thing that's happened to me this year
Oh right
Make me feel better about myself already
I'm on vacation to them to them and I'm standing there one morning and I'm taking a leak okay
And they had the mirror in the bathroom was one of those that's like real long
You don't talking about the mirror was the only thing there was long but anyway and so I'm taking a leak
And I notice I look in the mirror and I'm kind of like for whatever reason I'm holding back all this
Flad that surrounds my
You know what I'm saying and I talked to myself. Oh my god. I have a penis. Oh
Seriously, I mean not like a big gigantic you know penis
Not like a real like manly thing but like amazing see when you're real fat
Do I have to tell you this when no seriously the fat has this impact on all the organs of the body and like squishes all the like you're
Liver and all that stuff and the in your kishis together and then but are also hold and they like like back
It enshrouds it it enshrouds and like exactly
Haven't you heard it's like it's sucked in if I can use that expression under the weight of all that fat and flat
That's hanging down in the locker room the fat guys in the locker room. Yeah, I never looked at the fat guys in locker room
You can't see it at all right. It looked like I have a vagina. Hey, well, maybe they do I know our goal thing's got a vagina
That's where every time the stomach tells him to go
I'm so if he's okay. Well, but seriously it's on and I'm looking at him and I read and also I
Physically reached down and push the fat back and I'm thinking to myself. Oh my god look at that
Wow
It's almost like a real god in human penis one more reason not to be fat
Because the fat in you that was a good word you use enshrouds your member and
It like just it kind of like it's like a vacuum thing back up in there to the body and you can't even find it
You got to get a search party you call that a penis. Now I do
Wow, I was pretty goddamn impressed for me
But anyway, see these broads on their last night. Oh, you have seldom in your life seen anything so grotesque so gruesome
No wonder there's a lot of people I like to make sure the lights are out. I mean don't let any sunlight in there at all sweetheart
God forbid you might see something
Here's a Laguna Hills, California. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy belated anniversary. Thank you
Benefans since 91 listen. I got something real quick about the internet your website. Yeah, it's
Exed out for a tizya name and it says the George Rodriguez show that's still up there from vacation
Yeah, really yeah better get on Eric better get on top of Eric and the news hasn't been updated since the eighth of February
Yeah, come on Eric. Let's get with it. We know what's going on up there
Maybe some of fascist kidnapped him up in Orlando listen to you. I found his website an internet that'll crack you up to die for it
Doody.com and it's like all potty humor. It's crazy. Yeah, it's crazy. You want to go check it out. Okay, loving him. Thanks
There's a guy called from Laguna Hills, California on his dime. How do you like that are they calling from Dayton, Broward? No
1600 open lines 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless. I'm gonna show you just just to get even with you all the way home
Over and over again
I'll be home. Oh
Why do I have to waste so much of my life debating the obvious? I mean that they're not even debatable
It's just there. It's just great. It's like arguing about fishboot is it good, you know?
Even the guppies like it
We're larming Jerry whole wheel on the right handle guard
When I woke up today I put my TV on and instead of Kathleen or CNN
I saw purple creature with a gay sign on his head. It wasn't upside down. Try Uncle Purple thinking
Upside down try angle purple thinking
Where just when I thought things couldn't get worse. I know what to see with carrying a little
And they call this a children show
Upside down try angle purple thinking
We're almost about Christians as hard to believe but on the television
He's a TV street
He's had a purple team is pointing straight at me that was blowing an eye through the hole in the thing
Okay, 150
