4th radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 566-70560 toll free for native power or pound 560 on your cell
call.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show is not necessarily
replaced those of WQAM.
Meet me in that position for the BC Rochester.
Now, Neil Rogers on sports radio 560-705-70560.
I'm so lucky to see that they were speaking in tongues.
Oh right!
That made me a believer.
This was kind of fun.
Just to get out of my mouth.
Speaking in tongues.
They got the believe in my thumb just breathing from side to side.
Oh!
I bet my tongue to speak so fast right now.
Whatever I do feel forgive me.
Cause now I speak in tongues.
you
have
started
are
people
but a psychosis and a lot of whining and crying and carrying on and people acting like little children.
Hi, say what I.
It's oh, I'm telling you I'm getting moist just thinking about it.
I'm just having such a great time observing these phonies because this town is built on phonies,
especially the sports phonies.
They're the biggest phonies of mall.
These are the same people three weeks ago after Miami beat Denver, who was saying,
Oh, Danny, he's the best.
He picked them apart.
Oh, he hasn't lost.
And he's the greatest god damn quarterback that ever played the game.
And now of course Jimmy Johnson who makes no mistakes and who's the untouchable.
And by the way, it gets a free pass from this radio station except for Geltie who's got like I told you,
he's grown a little pair.
Nice going, Geltie.
Oh, but everybody else is terrified and intimidated by Jimmy.
Maybe it's that silver that frosted here.
Maybe that's what it is.
You're an asshole, Jimmy.
Okay, you never met a gangster you didn't like.
You're always placing blame somewhere else.
And it's amazing how, just a couple of weeks, Dan Marina went from this genius,
this great brilliant veteran, who all of a sudden he don't know nothing.
His arms thinks he's a dummy.
He's a moron.
And we got people out there.
Yeah, that's right.
Turn on him.
Turn on him because it's only a one man team anyway.
There aren't 11 guys playing out there on offense.
It's a one man team.
Oh, man, it's just I'm talking.
I'm getting sexual excitement just listening to all these people and all the in-ing comments.
I'm going home, listen to the Hank yesterday and about the first half does.
And I thought Hank was going to have a stroke.
I mean, the dumbest comments, the most idiotic rationalizations.
I mean, they lost the game.
Wow.
Oh my God, will life be able to go on now?
No.
No.
And the one kid, my favorite about the third or fourth call, Hank gets yesterday.
Kid says, he says, wow, you know, the good part of all of this is at least they don't
have the pressure of being undefeated now.
That's right.
I mean, would you rather be three and over two and one?
Anybody knows two and one's better than three and all?
Because that takes that pressure off.
Like the year that they went undefeated and won the Super Bowl.
Like last year when Denver was like Hank said, 11 and 1 went under with the Super Bowl.
All that pressure of being undefeated must have really gotten to them.
Didn't it?
No.
I mean, talk about rationalization.
But, you know, the interesting part of it is we got this hockey game coming up tonight.
The Kings here to play the Panthers at the Macarena.
Six thousand unsolved tickets, by the way.
Lots and lots of tickets.
Come on out and see your real sport with real men, by the way.
Even Mad Dog would agree with that that these are the real men.
Yeah.
You heard him say a million times.
But one of the Panther players who will go on mentioned, I won't say who it is because
I don't know, and I'm very sorry, but anyway, he went to his first off in game Monday night.
State for a half couldn't get out of their fast enough said it was the most boring,
direct he's ever seen in his life.
And also commented that the only people that go to dolphin games are drunks and red
necks to which I say, all right.
Very perspicacious and right on target, which is why I stopped going about three, four years
ago.
Amen, brother, right on target.
Dan's got to make better decisions.
Jimmy's a moron.
Okay, Jimmy has done nothing here except talk a big game threatened to quit.
Pull that little cool with Dave wants that that again, still a pit here.
We are how long is it later in the people on the station, the experts.
They still haven't figured out what really happened there.
That Jimmy basically blackmailed Wayne and the, you know, threatened to quit unless he brought in Dave wants that.
All of a sudden, here was Dave wants that coming in on the helicopter from the West Coast.
And a press conference that everybody thought he was resigning at.
Oh, guess what?
He's going to stay.
He's going to stay.
Well, I stayed for one reason.
We could be something special.
We got a shot.
Any loss to game in it.
This town is coming apart at the scenes over a football team losing the game.
But to pick up or I left off yesterday being the hardhearted son of a bitch that I am about all these sports venues
and about that headline about and about 10 Smith, the city commissioner there in Fort Lauderdale.
Which I'm sure has no, you know, he's got no conflict of interest in this thing.
He just wants to clean up that bad part of a downtown Fort Lauderdale, right?
No, well, whatever.
But the idea that we need another sports venue.
Here's the heat, which I wasn't even aware of this.
I wish I would have scoured yesterday.
Sun sent them to find the page.
The heat are so desperate to sell tickets.
They took out a full page ad in the back section of the sun sent me yesterday to try to sell season tickets.
They've had Pat Riley on TV practically on his hands in these begging pleading.
Oh, won't you please buy tickets?
Forget about the WNB 18.
That's never going to happen.
But how about the heat?
How about the real team?
I mean, look how good we were.
And what they forget is that even in a smaller arena over there for blocks away,
they never filled that thing up anyway as good as they were a year after year.
Do they ever fill it up?
No, almost never.
And even when they sold all the tickets, they had a lot of empty seats because it was a, you know, a plastic thing.
Like the guy said yesterday.
So there's another great reason that we had this American Airlines arena.
To benefit a multi billionaire.
You can imagine how many billions he's gotten out now that daddy just croaked.
That's not the reason we need a lot more sports venues.
Six thousand unsolved tickets for the Panthers tonight.
They can't sell tickets to save their lives in this new or even downtown for the heat.
You can't complain about the Marlon crowds because basically there weren't any.
And the dolphins lose one game and everybody in town is like having a nervous breakdown and they're like coming apart of the scene.
I've never heard such a jagged face to flying and carrying on and finger pointing and blaming.
What's going to happen if they lose two or three in a row?
Huh?
What's going to happen then?
I have a feeling they'll have a shot.
They'll be committing suicide.
Don't have to bring the meatries down here to take a stab at it.
I'm telling you.
Grow up.
Okay boys and girls grow up.
They lost the game and right away they're coming on glued and the coach is pointing at this one and this one was a hero three week and you people out there.
You phoneies like I said yesterday and I'm right on target as usual.
You don't appreciate anything.
I could come in here and give you the greatest performance in a world just like Paul Belberry with a Panthers.
They don't even know who the hell he is.
They could put five million pounds of gold right in the streets of this town.
They could pave the streets with gold and these people would still be going.
They never stop.
Just like the guy down on Monday right out of the box.
We have our first home game hockey season just starts.
They win.
They look better than a lot of us thought they were going to.
Gray scores of gold.
Whitney scores and has a pair.
That's going right.
They fixed their gold lights.
The audio of the sound wasn't deafening.
It was a pretty good time.
It was a bad.
Right away.
What do we get complaints people bitching in belly aching?
Man.
I thought I was supposed to be the winner in the picture in the belly achors.
Not the deal.
Not me.
I'm a wonderful guy compared to most of the people in this town.
Yeah.
That's right.
I'm a good Samaritan compared to most of the winers and cryers and bitters and loners and complainers.
Like a bunch of sport little brats.
So like I said, don't worry about your kids in the schools and education.
Things like that getting smart.
Let's build a lot more of these ball parks.
We have a lot more of this good stuff to talk about here on the sports station.
Because it was Danny's fault.
You sucked Danny.
We hate you Danny.
You're a piece of crap.
You're a moron Danny.
You've got Alzheimer's.
You've got football Alzheimer's.
Let's attack him.
Let's rip him an ass.
I saw Joe Rose crying in the hallway this morning.
He was so upset of all these all this attack that I'm this buddy Danny.
He was shedding tears in the hall.
Oh, Helena.
Where's the god?
Oh!
There's something wrong with our TV.
Our crew from directories upstairs.
I asked him what was for upstairs.
Money ran outside the duty I say.
Now
ef
wanna
for
став
for
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
We have the program to get a drive.
16-5-60-2-A.
And now this is a place that's reduced a lot of people appears recently.
I've said it that Joe is in the hallway crying over Danny getting attacked by everybody, including the coach this morning.
The program directs his crying because it's another day at the shop.
We're crying because we have an answer on center.
One of those districts are going to be redone and ready to be redone.
No.
No, but we're doing our best.
We'll let you know soon we hope.
By the way, nice going up to Harold talk about again,
pandering to the brainwashed masses out there with misleading headlines.
Right on the front page of the hairless morning,
here's a picture of Jesse to body my hero.
Reform leaders slam Ventura's the headline.
Playboy chats, parks, resignation calls.
But then if you read the article which most people don't,
come to find out that the outgoing chairman of the party,
the reform party, Russ Bernie, who is already,
these comments were made days ago.
He's the one that's ripen him and ask and then there's some other bitch in Texas from the reform party,
ripen him and ask. But she keep in mind people will meet headlines.
They see the picture that read the headline maybe one or two words and that's it.
Jack Gargan, the retiree on Florida's Gulf Coast will take over as the
reform party chairman January 1, calls the whole thing a tempest in the teapot.
It was a breath of fresh air. Gargan says reciting from an incoming email.
He says is running five to one in Jesse Ventura's favor.
How do you like that?
Five to one it's running in his favor, the email which I'm sure there's plenty of.
But the headline says reform leaders slam Ventura.
You see because he said the truth.
You can't say the truth in America.
You can't say religion is a sham and it's a crush for weak people who want strength and numbers and who are,
which he didn't say this part.
But of course we all know what afraid of death.
Two immature and two week to face the fact that there's death.
Oh no, we don't really die.
Do we?
For example, I'm seeing this thing about how they're exuming the body.
One moment please.
They're exuming the body.
I mean what the same shepherd case is it ever ever going to go away?
No, but they resumed that exume Maryland shepherd's body yesterday and the murder was in 1954 that she was killed so that's 45 years ago.
And I'm thinking of myself.
I wonder what she's thinking about in here now.
Huh?
You think when they open up the box that she said, why can't you let me sleep?
Huh?
No, I find that very poignant there.
I mean what do you think you'll look like 45 years later?
All depending on what good and bombing job they did.
You see because all this business about life after death, about being up and having.
First of all, you can't see anything.
You can't hear anything.
You can't feel anything.
You have no senses because you've got no brain.
You have no brain.
I mean is there anybody out there so stupid not to understand that all of the functions of the body, all of the five senses come from having a brain?
No, it's the soul.
Yeah, the soul.
That's only the sparsers that got soul.
That's white folks.
We got no chance at all.
Maybe they'll be up there with their soul.
Okay?
Or maybe the Beatles will be there with rubber soul or maybe just a rubber or two.
Oh, it's the soul.
But the soul can't see you.
The soul can't hear.
The soul can't do nothing.
Maybe the soul's got rhythm.
But that's about it.
Yeah, I got rhythm.
I just got rhythm.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the art pull question today.
We're surveying South Florida to find out.
There's Jimmy Johnson.
I've naked pictures of everybody in town.
Why does he get a free pass?
You want to know why he's an asshole?
I just don't get it.
I don't understand it.
I mean, it comes as no surprise to me because he's a mean spirit.
It's nasty, short ill tempered piece of crap is what he is.
And he lose one game and right way he goes into a slit instead of saying, hey, guess what?
Because I saw him there in the beginning of the game and the ABC bitches down there in the field.
Oh, yeah, we got to establish the running game and everybody's going.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, right.
That's why Marino had a throw 44 times because there was no running game.
So he has an off night and right away they lose.
And by the way, you lie, Jimmy, this bull crap about it.
He held onto the ball too long when he got the when he fumbled and they got right back to Northern,
right back for touchdown.
I saw that.
He didn't hold on the ball too long.
He just got blindsided.
He never had a chance because they totally missed the block and he got creamed.
There goes the ball.
There goes Northern up the field, Northern Southern, the backward and forward.
There's a touchdown.
But this is what happens when you lie a lot.
Jimmy, I mean, here's QA and where the experts are in that.
We invented it.
We know how to lie, especially our management.
Here's top of no.
Hello.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Every time I hear that Jimmy Johnson commercial will be got a chance to be shot.
Every time I hear that I'm hearing Sally Fields at the Oscars like 20 years ago.
You like it.
You really like it.
Yeah, right.
Listen to Hank show yesterday.
You made a point about the moron who was calling up saying that takes the pressure off the guy.
Right, losing the game.
Now we don't have to worry about that.
I'm defeated pressure, right?
You know, listen to Hank the last couple days.
He's throwing some crap out of his mouth.
He just assumes it's true.
Like what?
Oh, he says, well, I don't know why you're complaining about the Dolphin's Russian game.
They've been averaging 154 yards.
They're rushing coming into the game.
And I'm like, I don't think so, JJ, because they look at my handy some set and all steps.
It was saying it's all day.
I said they had 157 yards rushing in the bottle of game.
Right.
And they had 194 yards total coming into that game, which is like 97 yards of game.
Right.
Against two girls.
Yeah.
So I don't know where he could have an average of 154.
Then I don't know if you're the show on Monday when he was talking about how they determined that, you know, with the met and reds and astro situation.
If they all ended up tied, the met would have to, you know, the met would get into the playoff.
He says, oh, that was determined by a coin slip.
They just flipped the coin, and they decided that the met didn't have to play a game.
And I'm like, no, Jimmy, the reason was because her hand got you to the reason was because both the astros and the reds would have had to play off for the division title.
And obviously, whoever lost that game would have more losses than the met.
And, you know, that would never flip a coin to the determine who's not going to play a postseason game.
But sometimes he just, he just annoys me because he's not going to play a postseason game.
Well, so I'll call him up and tell him that.
I'm not talking about Hank.
I'm talking about the situation.
I thought this guy had something to say.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, on the 18th and 2nd wireless line.
But it is true that virtually everybody except Gully and me on this radio station is owned, locked, stuck and burrowed by Jimmy Johnson.
Terrified him.
I mean, God forbid that anybody should criticize him or suggest that in the four years that he's been here.
He's shown, he's shown us basically nothing.
I mean, absolutely nothing.
Here's a guy to talk big.
You know, if you're going to open up a big mouth, you better produce something, you know.
You're going to go there on Fox and talk a big game about how Schulas got all the tools there.
They've got no excuses not to win it and set the guy up to get canned.
Which he deserved in his time had come.
But if you're going to set somebody up to take his job, then you better come in and do something and produce.
And I look to be fine and scapegoats and blame him everybody else.
And that business of his press conference at the end where the guy says, well, you know, maybe Marino has lost it mentally.
After 17 years, shouldn't he have the mental wherewithal and know what place to go?
Well, that's a road.
I don't want to go down and he gets pissed off and walks away.
Or what's the message there?
What did I tell you last year that hate each other like poison?
Oh, no, but I don't know anything.
And all the other guys in a station there, the sports experts, I know nothing.
They hate each other like poison.
So why should it come as any great surprise that the first opportunity when the times get good,
when the tough get going, whatever the hell that is, how does that go?
When the crap is on your ass, just point the finger or blame at the guy that you detest and can't stand and just waiting from the fall on his ass.
Which would make all the reason in the world to have a capable backup standing in a wing.
Do we have that?
No.
No, do you have that? Not we.
Sorry.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Two things.
I live here almost 30 years and you live here as long or longer.
Too long, yeah.
Yeah.
But the average length of a professional football career is about three and a half to five years.
So we've been stirred by Daniel asking this long.
Let's be realistic.
Yeah.
How much longer does he have?
Not long.
So what does that mean?
Does that mean that he's the reason that they lost the game?
No, it's a story of the age.
How come he was so great four weeks ago when he beat Denver and everybody was just peeing all over his leg
and now all of a sudden he's lost it and he's lost up.
But Denver is really nothing this year.
I understand that.
I realize that.
But I'm just quoting from these same people who are screaming and wanting him lynched out of town now.
Want to drive him out on a rail?
He deserves every right to still be there now.
And he doesn't have a supporting cast around him.
Right.
And they have no running game.
And you know, it just may never have a running game as long as bands there.
Yeah.
Well, isn't that great?
Yeah.
Have a nice day.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
There you go, Danny.
I hope you're listening to Sweet Art.
You may never have a running game.
Maybe when you get out of here they'll bring in a running game just to spite your ass.
Okay.
Like I told you, like I said, quoting one of the Panther players with the most boring event sporting event he's ever been at his life.
He left it half time.
Couldn't wait to get out of there.
Drunks and Rednecks to quote this Panther player well respected.
Drunks and Rednecks.
Those are the people who attend the football games here.
Absolutely correct.
I said it better myself.
What a difference between the crowd at the Dolphin games and to give an example of the crowd at the Panther games.
What a difference.
People at the pan.
And I'm a fan that people at the Panther games are knowledgeable because most of them are not.
But at least and there's some plastic people there with their cell phones.
But nevertheless they're like clean cut most of them.
They look human.
I mean, there's like living and breathing people.
Not too many people getting too drunk.
You know, like a fairly respectable bunch except for the assholes holding their kids up in front of you.
But other than that.
You go to a Dolphin game and they're like, uh, of course you see we don't have tailgate parties before hockey games.
How do you like that?
Huh?
We don't have tailgate parties before hockey games.
So they can be sufficiently inebriated before they have any even starts.
They're getting about the guys coming back to three four hundred beers in her hand at a time.
Getting into the brawl of the stain all over your shoulder.
A spill in your beer on your back.
Like I said, there's nothing like staying right there at home and watching it on television.
Now come to the Panther games tonight for your reading.
You'll see a real sporting event and you won't have people doing all those things.
Trying to get some people out there tonight because it's going to be really embarrassing if we have six thousand empty seats in the Macarena to see Pavel, Brewery and Ray Whitney and Mark Parrishin
those good guys and Luke Robotai and a couple of guys that they got Ziggy Palfey, all you old Islander fans.
Maybe Neil can actually get 20 or 30 extra people to come out tonight in a much more enjoyable environment.
We've got a shot.
We've got a chance.
We've got a chance.
We've got a chance.
We've got a chance.
We've got a chance.
We've got a chance.
We've got a chance.
We've got a chance.
No!
Fuck!
Oh my God!
I feel so good.
Oh my God!
I feel so good.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh, you're getting it!
Oh, you're getting it!
Oh my God!
Oh, you're playing with my boss.
Play with my boss.
Oh, that feels so good.
You're just rolling around and you're just rolling around.
Oh my God!
I love it, we do.
I love it.
Oh my God!
I love it.
I love it.
I'll be to a tower.
1031-560 W2Q.
I'm telling you, Greg Cotech.
You've got your head so far.
I'm Jimmy's...
Greg Cotech.
I'm embarrassed for you.
JJ Wright, Marino must play better.
That's his columnist one.
That's his spin on it.
He's spinning it.
I'm serious.
Jimmy Johnson must have naked pictures of almost every sports writer,
almost every sportscaster in his town,
because they are so terrified of him.
It's on believe that they cower in his presence.
I'm embarrassed for them, not to mention any names.
566-705-60, pound 560 on a AT&T line.
Hank will be a choula today.
Josh Dero, Clarence will be on 6-7,
and then 7 o'clock we got the pregame with Gully.
The Pant is hosting the LA Kings at the Macaroon tonight.
Come on out, you'll have plenty of room.
Here's a mobile info letter, Dale.
Hello?
Hey, the other things Jimmy is going to use to burn hell.
Okay, thank you.
We will be seeing you there.
We'll be special there.
Here's a mobile info letter on hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I know you said that you can't speak the truth in America,
because then everybody gets spin out of shape,
which F.E.V.N.T.R. said.
Right.
But now, when the people down here make an observation based on reality,
that Damry may be getting a little older,
I know he's not immune to the AT&T line.
He's not a little older, we already know that.
I don't know what that's been saying.
He can't play forever, and these people think he's going to play
at the 80 years old, yes.
No, I mean, it's obvious.
I mean, it's not...
Let me say it again.
How come three weeks ago when they beat Denver,
when they beat the stuffings out of the defending Super Bowl champions,
and nobody at that time knew that Denver was going to go all in four
and stick the joint out?
How come at that time, Damry?
No, they were ready to put a goddamn crown on his head,
and coronate him king of the goddamn universe,
and now because they lose a game,
because they got no running game, and he had an off-night,
now all of a sudden we realize he's getting older,
and he's not so, what is that all about, sir?
You know what it sounds like to me?
It sounds like about your phoneies.
Two-faced sourpices who can't take losing a ball game.
Yeah, but it's...
I mean, you know over the last past couple of years, right?
And why do I do?
Jimmy Johnson gave a big song to dance before the game about
they were going to run the ball and run the ball,
and they had to establish a running game.
Did they establish a running game, sir?
No.
No.
Over the past.
Did they?
They didn't establish a running game.
Fifty-seven yards on the ground, sir,
and now we got assholes calling in yesterday,
another one on Hank's show.
Well, and I hit one of them.
Well, we need a mobile quarterback.
So the quarterback is supposed to do everything.
We got a guy who can ask to run.
He's got to complete at least 90% of his passes.
The quarterback is the only guy out there.
Nobody's got a block form.
We don't need any running bags.
We don't need receivers who can catch the ball.
We need a quarterback who can do everything.
When you have a quarterback...
This is the revelation about people who don't understand sports,
and that's what South Florida is all about.
I've told you that for two years since I've been on this radio station.
I've never heard so many dumb calls in my life
is the crap that comes in on this station.
It's not done when they're pointing out that a guy's getting older.
Yeah.
He was getting older three weeks ago.
It's not personal.
It's not personal.
What when he getting older three weeks ago?
Sir, Jimmy's an eco-mania.
Oh, thank you.
Okay, thanks.
We finally got to the truth.
Thank you.
He's getting older.
Aren't we all getting older?
We're all getting older, baby.
And I'm also the guy that keeps saying
that they got to get somebody,
that they got to groom a guy to replace him.
They got to have somebody in a wingsuit and step right in
because the guy's as fragile as a glass, as a light bulb.
Oh, no.
You don't know what you're talking about, you faggot.
You don't know what we want to talk to the experts.
We want to talk to Joe who used to take a lot of showers with these guys.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Freedom to speak the truth about losing a ball game.
That's the stuff that's important.
Speaking the truth, that Danny is getting older.
Thank you, sir.
I'll call it all the way from marathon for your profound observations
that Danny is getting older.
I thought Danny didn't, I thought guys like him don't get any older.
I thought to use a great sports cliche,
I thought he was agedless.
Oh, that's one of my favorites.
Here's a mobile in four-letter day.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
How you doing?
You're the next George Blanda, yes, sir.
Yeah, it's nice.
I can't believe what you said this morning.
I really enjoy your show.
What I just want to tell you,
this self-lawy, that found the media,
they don't know nothing about sports.
Right.
The thing that's all like that, every day.
You know, I just enjoy your show and keep on doing good job.
Okay, God bless you.
Okay, let's be getting lazy.
Thank you, whatever you said.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless long.
Got a couple of openings on there.
The thing I like to sports shows,
where they're all lined up to say those stupid things,
because they know they're not going to get away with it here.
They're not going to get a free pass,
and the coaching is going to get a free pass,
because you don't pay my salary,
Jimmy Freken, GL Bird Johnson,
with his arrogant cocky attitude
that everybody else is at fault.
He's been waiting for this opportunity.
He personally hates Dan Marina like poison.
Oh, no, you're wrong about you.
Okay, whatever you say.
I would just love for one of these jocks,
one of these exports experts on this radio station,
someday to come on and tell the truth.
Oh, God, would it be great.
I'm not going to hold my breath.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Eric here in plantation.
First time caller, long time listener.
Great show.
Yes, it is.
Hey, I don't normally agree with you on your sports analysis,
but you have the nail on the head with Jimmy Johnson.
The only shot that he's got is Marino.
Now, here's the irony.
Here's the irony of the game on Monday.
He brought in all these running backs over the off season.
He's the one running back that's going well.
What do you like to do because he had the same name, yeah?
The one running back that's doing well
is Tyrone Wheatley who we let go who's thriving in Oakland.
And they didn't even play apt to a jibbar the other night.
Jibbar had like 267 total yards last year.
Yeah.
The two games against the bills.
Yeah.
And he's got these stable or running backs in there.
You're out of line now.
Jimmy don't make mistakes.
Don't you understand that?
You're out of line.
No.
Jimmy don't make mistakes.
No, he screwed up big time.
He's passing the buck to Marino.
Oh, to Marino.
How do you like that?
Passing the buck isn't that exactly what I said?
It's called finding a scapegoat.
I know.
What's funny is, you know, they say that.
And what even more pathetic is assholes like your Greg Cotex listing chapter and verse all the reasons.
Oh, you're right, Jimmy.
Yes, yes, yes, whatever you say, Jimmy.
Whatever you say.
Well, here's what a bunch of suckles we got in this town.
So that's the bottom line.
We got a bunch of suckles who have no balls.
Hey, Neil, they also say that, uh,
that that, uh,
Jimmy Johnson is a master motivator like he's a mix of colleges.
This is what he is.
Not a massive blow.
This is going to blow up in his face.
Yeah.
The barricading Marino in public.
Don't you think?
It's your anchor to help.
How do you think Marino is going to do against the Colts in spite of what Johnson said?
I don't know.
No, time remains to be seen,
but I don't think that somebody has been around as long as he does need somebody to, you know, kick him in the ass.
If there's anybody that's motivated and has a will to win its Marino,
he needs to ditch the running back by committee and go with either Cecil Collins.
Yeah.
Or just stick with your bar for a whole game and see what one of those two guys maybe know to get a new hairspray.
That might do it too.
Have a great day, Eric.
Thank you so much.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Oh my God.
This Rodriguez is always out there on a limb.
And here he is today again.
You can't say these things about Jimmy Johnson.
He's a sacred mucow.
You can't say these things because we got a shot.
We really got a shot.
When the going gets tough, the tough yet going.
They don't look for scapegoats, Jimmy.
They roll up their sleeves.
They take the blame.
The buck stops here right at the coach's door.
Okay.
That's where the buck stops.
Not pointing the finger at the only goddamn superstar you got in the goddamn ball club.
You idiot.
You jackass.
You silly goose you.
And it just pains me here.
Like the guy from marathon.
Well, you know, he's getting older.
That's not the point.
The point is that you don't have a head coach who tries to embarrass and humiliate and degrade his star quarterback
because he's got an off game on a night when everybody else had a bad game too.
They lost the game.
Wow.
And if they're got a shot to be so goddamn special.
How come it is that they lose one game and they all become unglued unglued wasn't stopping on no flutty flakes after the game this time.
Was he in the locker room?
No.
No.
Stampin' on pictures of Danny Boy, I think.
A lot of pictures in this time.
That seems to be the key to everybody's success.
Just get a lot of naked pictures of people and you'll do okay.
That works here at QAM like a charm.
A lunso.
You're so big.
Dung shine.
It's got a secret for such a dung shine.
Now it can be all your dung shine.
Did you ever wonder how some men managed to keep their dung so shiny?
Or how some dung seem to hold a chain all day long?
The reason is dung shine.
Originally used as a masturbatory cream in ancient China, it was discovered that dung shine left a great beam to the dung.
My dung was always so dull.
It just seems to lack luster.
Now with dung shine, even after we try out the lights, it still feels good to give off a subtle glow.
Based on shine.
Order today and receive as a free gift.
Asclow.
Dung shine and asclow.
Because with a shimmery dung and a shiny ass, there's no limit to what you can do.
Order today.
By the way, Don Zimmer, see it goes to the shore.
It's always a good idea to have a steel plate in your head.
It's a 1045 at 560 WDQM.
This is a new form party.
The bad news about this thing is it looks like it's a silly thing.
Do you see who they're talking about now?
You may want to blow your brains out.
You might have a shot if I tell you.
You started with Jesse, which made a lot of sense.
Even though he's pissing a lot of people off, God bless him.
Then it was Donald.
We got Donald Trump and Pat Buchanan, that fascist who said the Hitler was misunderstood and we should never have gone in their first place.
And now the new one, Oprah.
The new one is, oh!
No, you made that out.
No, I did not.
Here it is right there.
There's the picture right in the paper.
That's par-ta.
That's right.
She's a multi-millionaire talk show host, actress, and most recently college professor.
She's all over Channel 428 hours a day.
Now, some reform party members are talking about President Oprah Winfrey.
They're like that.
It's Jesse, times 100, said Paul Larson, chairman of the draft committee and party leader from suburban in the apple.
She's got a thousand times as much money, a hundred times as much as the name recognition, and a stirring reputation for honesty.
It's really fat too.
There you go.
It's Oprah.
What do you say?
No.
No.
I think the reform party basically is the...
Yeah.
Party.
Here's the mobile and pebberk pine.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You hit the nail right on the head this time with Jimmy Johnson.
Yes, I did.
Yes, you did.
I think he's got that cap on it.
It's hairspray because no criticism ever finds this guy.
When he first came here and we got rid of Shula, they got a thing that he trumpeted, he was going to bring a running game into the Miami Doffins.
We're splendor three hearts per carry.
And we're worse than we were when Shula was here and we were running the ball.
Let me say it again.
If Marino, now that the guy's been here for four years, if Marino is old and losing it, then how come this guy hasn't groomed a competent quarterback?
Do we have confidence in there to step in like in a second half or at least a fourth quarter and you know, run the offense if Danny's lost it?
Yeah.
I mean, this guy, there's no way that this man can blame anybody else.
He's got full control, which is what he wanted to come in here.
He's got all of a personal control.
And the meantime, you know, they're mediocre at best and he's looking to point fingers.
Yeah, you know what he did, Neil, is the thing that really drives me crazy.
If he's the way he's set up this whole offense, it purposely goes...
It's contrary to the strength of Marino.
It's like he's trying to win in spite of him instead of using his strengths where he's constantly facing with a third and third and the 11 and you know, there's nothing wrong with his arm.
For him to say that he held the ball too long in a play where he got hit and fumbled and they ran it, but Northern ran it back for the touchdown.
I mean, that's just a blatant lie and for the media to just write this beautifully because they're so terrified of Jimmy.
Let him go back and look at the replay of that. He didn't hold the ball too long.
He got... they never touched this guy. He came through untouched and then he had no chance.
No quarter back in the league had a prayer on that play.
Everybody, any quarter back would have gotten hit and probably fumbled the ball.
Yeah, in the middle of that third hammer, Jimmy, and when he coached at Miami, he opened the floodgates, let all the criminals in.
Right. And he left. He's against the coach.
He's against the coach. And his big claim to fame in the NFL is he made that one trade there within a soda and got 701st round draft picks and brought a bunch of his gangsters in from U of M and won a couple of Super Bowls.
That's his big claim to fame. Here, he has done basically nothing.
Yeah, you remember what he did against Penn State when he had his battle peak team?
Yeah. Yeah. He was doing it. He went out there and got their ass in burst. Okay, have a great day, pal.
You cheering him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The gangster coach made me...
Hi!
...Hailburg Jimmy. JJJ.
Hi!
...Hailburg Jimmy Johnson.
Thank God there's me on this radio station, at least even though it's not a sports show, and I tell you the God damn truth about this crap, instead of sucking his ass all the time, like most of these other people do around the clock.
Jimmy don't make mistakes.
Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're the only one that has called a blindside for what it was. I always reported all these two people.
And the only thing great about Marina was she was only one of the youth quarterbacks that her god damn bastard gets killed like that.
And the only thing wrong with his age is that he's not 12 years old and can't play that possibly football offense that Johnson himself has put in.
Okay, okay. Somebody's patching with our phone lines as we speak, but thank you, sir.
Yeah, somebody's had dealing with our phone lines.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, it's the only at QAM, baby.
Oh, it's the home of technical amazement. How's that chief engineer doing anybody seeing him lately? No, we're working on it.
100 line. We're thinking about it. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how you doing? Okay.
Third generation from mommy, long time listener. You got the greatest show. Yes, I do in the world. I would say listen.
I work for the date County School Board work here for 11 years. I work out the maintenance department on what they call a zone mechanic.
I'm stationed at two elementary schools. I thought you might appreciate this little story.
I ordered light bulbs for one of my schools over a month ago and I go into the main office today and I ask the secretary,
did you get the light bulbs in? She says, no, I don't know how to do it. Can you help me on the computer?
I'm a blue collar worker, work with my tool. So I go over and I have to pull up the screen. I have to show her exactly what to push and how to order them.
Five minutes later, I come back in the office and you're going to love this. She says, we don't have the money to get the light bulbs.
No money. This is in date County.
Date County Public Schools. This happened to be a four textbooks for all the kids in school.
Yeah, this happened to me two years ago at my other school. You know how long it took to get light bulbs 18 months.
Yeah. And they've got plenty of money now. Here we got a four-lettered out politician, a city commissioner,
Tim Smith calls on his show yesterday. And the only thing he's got to say about the overcrowded schools in Broward and all of South Florida in general and the crappy quality of education is he's taken a shot at the crystal palace and a Broward school board and a big expensive building and they got more than enough money and it's being wasted.
If that's the best that our politicians can do in this state to solve these problems. If the money is there and it's being misspent so we don't have money for textbooks and light bulbs and lunches and whatever, then how come nobody's doing something to investigate and clean it up?
That's what I would like to know. Why isn't that on the front page of the God-Dame newspaper?
They're afraid. People are afraid of what? They're afraid to investigate it. People that work here in the school board are afraid to speak up. If you go downtown Miami, do they admit anything?
Who are they afraid of? They're afraid of losing their jobs. We have so many bosses that if we talk back to them, we get written up. They want to get rid of us.
They have ways to do it. There's more of them than there are of us. All you've got to do is go downtown to the administration building and see all the money that they have wasted on all the top heavy administrators.
Somebody told me that they did a survey and the top 500 employees for date county school board make more money than the top 500 employees for the Pentagon.
Yeah, that's great. It's amazing. Amazing the waste of money.
But how come our local newspapers instead of writing about we need money for a stadium like I said yesterday, how come they're not leading the charge in a campaign and doing all this investigative work and finding out where all the money is going and who's stealing it?
They're probably paid off. They're afraid to investigate it.
Okay, pal. Hang in there. Let's buy in some light bulbs.
Are we having some kind of a phone situation that I don't know where?
Southern Bell thing that we're having it on their system this morning also.
Oh no.
4 and 7 are a member of line 4. You heard that noise?
Yeah.
There's a hum on both of those lines.
And that's it. Yeah, and that too.
So Southern Bell is busy dicking with our phones while we're on the air by the way boys and girls, I just thought I would mention that.
560.560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and bouquet. Hello.
Hello, Ann. Yes, sir. I'm really here.
How are you doing? Okay.
I just wanted to point out why is no one brought up the fact that OJ McDuffee dropped a touch-sure touchdown?
Because his name ain't Dan Marino.
And if it wasn't for that and him getting blindsided and being a relief.
That's right. They still might have won. That's right.
Exactly. And drop pass on third down by McDuffee.
So, I mean, everybody's pointing a finger at him and...
Well, my no. Don't you understand?
The coach is pointing the finger. So now all these morons, these dimwits, these known up and they're anxious to jump on a bad wagon because just like the coach, they'll turn on you like a cornered red when you lose the ballgame.
That's the way these fans are. These aren't fans. These are simple things. They know nothing.
Unbelievable. How that can be. How he can not point things out like that.
Yeah. Well, he shows you where his agenda is, man. Have a great day.
Oh, these phones. Do you hear that? These phones are all screwed up.
Well, hallelujah. Happy day. Okay. I thought I was finally getting over my psychosis about a center one problem with a CD's in our center one campaign.
And about the fact we don't have a promotion department in this radio station.
Now our phones are being pocked to eat around with in the middle of the show.
We finally have the drilling and the hammering stopping in the middle of the show.
Now they're just digging with our phone system in the middle of the show.
You know, you really have to scratch your head and you wonder is it possible that this could all go on by accident by osmosis?
Are we really that stupid here? Are we that in that that incompetent? Are we that technically?
Uh-huh. Oh, we are. Like I've been here two years now. I don't know the answer.
Here's Cooper City. Hello. Neil, how are you?
I'm doing okay in spite of this place. I'm a former season ticket holder for the dolphins. I wised up a few years ago.
But I went to the game London. I could somebody had an extra ticket. So I figured, okay, what the heck?
Yeah. And you know, it is so true because all these people, if they're there at five o'clock, tankin, you know, drinkin, smokein' this please.
You know, whatever you do there, but it's like, like you said, you go to a hockey game. There's no time for that. They don't allow it.
These people, I mean, I watch one guy sitting on a loader end zone seven or eight times in the first half, going back with two, three, four.
How do they even see the game after this thing so much? I mean, what's the point?
Drunks, red necks, and the combination of the above.
And they all know nothing about the game. Just like all these people saying, you know, the quarter of the heck is only an integral part of the...
What is he going to do? Height the ball to himself, grab block from himself, hand it. What does Jimny want to do?
And run, too, to get even with his bad knees and also supposed to start having a running game now, he's supposed to be it.
And here's something no one else ever brought up. And the fourth quarter, the defense stopped Buffalo, I think, twice, with like less than three and four minutes to go.
What happened? What was the play calling? I mean, you knew it was when it was three and out, the first... You knew the first quarter, three and out, the first three and a half.
But there's something this is not anything new. There's nothing new. This has been going on here for years.
And the problem wasn't Dan Moreno. The problem was the lack of an imaginative offense that worked. That was the problem.
And just like you said, he was going to bring us to the Super Bowl after we beat Denver. Now they want to look at it.
Yeah, right. It's not Dan Moreno. When he got blindsided, Kevin Gogue and just let this guy go right by.
That's right. They got to... I don't even know what he plays right tackle. He's playing... They got guys out of the wrong position. People were hurt.
Jimmy, even when... Why don't even bother having a press conference when they lose? Because he gets all pissed off.
He even able to dial in. He's an ill-tempered prick.
Oh, he's... I know I need to say, but he is a prick and closing...
Give him an asshole.
Jimmy Johnson.
Okay.
By the way, now what's the story? I have enough phone. We started our okay to have any problem with the instrument. Now all of a sudden it's all screwed up.
Yes. Oh, thank you.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I mean, probably working on brother.
Remember that I really pulled my feet.
This knows you..
Jairosz
I will never try to hurt you
You are the best
Your love goes on
All right, let's go to a 560 WQM. What about all four? How all four president? No, no
Get that big woman vote. What do you say? No
5679 I'm giving the numbers up, but of course the phone some of the lines works some of them don't we're having a little problem here today
But that's the way it goes here at WQM
We have in session never ending technical problems because it yeah, it makes it a little bit tougher. It's like a little handy crap
We'll survive here's a mobile in four-water deal. Hello
Good morning. How are you? Yes sir? Buenos dias. I'm the fraternity guy that called you a couple weeks ago from Buffalo about the paddling and all that
Yeah, I'm very surprised you're talking about football today, but why you're on the subject?
I'm not talking about football. I'm talking about phony fans. I'm talking about the whole
Uranus of this whole thing people who don't understand the game people are two-faced people who are phony
I mean it happens to be football, but it could be anything. This is not a sports town. All right
I just want to make two points first point. I don't like Wayne, Hi, Zinga
I don't like the way he took over the top in organization like stress property. Yeah, I don't like Jimmy Johnson
Right, and if we got to make a last one if we have to make a choice between Wayne and Jimmy or Danny
I got news for both those guys. We're taking Danny. Oh Danny. That's right
Let them know who's here first and whose town this is. Jimmy. You're not gonna be Danny in the popularity contest
So give it up buddy. Hey man. Thanks Neil Bubba. Yeah
Okay, we liked Danny Boy. Okay, we don't care if he's 80 years old
I got to push him out there in a goddamn walker. We liked Danny Boy
God damn it
Ungrateful and the Greg Kotech. You know something they ought to take that column today and stick it up your
Correct. Oh Jesus God your pathetic man. What a phony you are
This is the same guy by the way to keep us the great analysis back when the Panthers had that big run four years ago
When they were playing a penguin in the playoffs. Well, it was a nice run while it lasted
But it's obvious it's all over now. Yeah, you're such a schmuck
The people that they got writing columns in this time most of you stick it a goddamn into a goddamn fish tank and reaching and they all looked the same
They smell the same
Exactly and they write the same crap pure on a delirated never ending crap
Here's Miami. Hello a nice. Okay, you know, Neil. I'm asked for reform because I believe that I mean this country's got a lot of problems including with some of the
Legislations and stuff. Yeah, who the hell you're gonna believe that fat bitch
Oprah in a reform party. I mean what can she possibly stand for? I mean what she already said she don't want to take
Can't pay her enough. I mean what yeah, what's she gonna stand for besides you know second serving to the buffet table?
Yeah, yeah, and Patrick madam giving a break
Yeah, I was not as an old scammer now. You don't you understand we should just let her headler alone
We should never go on in there and then let him kill mother 20 30 million people especially those Jews
Yeah, like I'm in the same we should have passed them out on you know that's right pal
You know what that means that we got a shot
Wait all I think one thing about the reform party that a Donald Trump he fits right in because I mean think about it
He's I mean what multiple in air? Yeah, right?
Perfect politician scumbag
Okay, thank you and totally unqualified to by the way ever hold political office. No. How about Warren Vady ever? No?
Yeah, let's just start from Hollywood
I mean this is the culmination of the mercen up session with stars with movie stars and superstars and celebrities
It's ridiculous. We didn't learn our lesson from O'Rani. Did we?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line for the ones that are working here today
We got a few lines working Bell soft. Oh God bless old Bell. So did we have like a storm overnight here?
Something that would have screwed up our phone line. Oh, it's just amazing to me. It's astonishing
It's like your cable. You know the sun can be shining it by me out there in plantation
It can be beautiful not a you know a couple of birds in the sky
Maybe drop in one here and there but other net there's no rain there and all of a sudden the cable goes out of the most bizarre time for five minutes 20 minutes to happen hour
You kind of look in the mirror and you go
What's going on here? What the f is going on here man?
Like why can't we keep these lines operating here in this radio station over in the other joint?
A D which I don't want to bring that up too much but nevertheless once in a while we'd have a phone problem because it's Bell south
I mean what are you once in a while once in a great while?
But here it's like kind of goes with the territory
Maybe we're just not paying the bills for all the lines, okay?
Maybe we're paying like half of it so the lead half the lines working
That could be it am I gonna get exercise about it? No, but you're sweet as I'm not I don't have enough emotion left to get an
Upset about that after the OJ business after the CD's getting all screwed up for set a one business after our promotion that hold
Oh God
And all goes back to one guy by the way just like the thing with Jimmy the buck stops here. It stops at the top
Stops at the top in this place with a guy that's always scratching his head trying to find out where how the brain got out of that hole
And the same thing with a dog the dolphin organization
It stops right there at the top of the man who's got the the power to make all those calls
All those decisions
And all of a sudden like I said everybody's on that bandwagon always too old
He's decrepit. He's got bad knees. He can't run
He never said he never stole a freight train, but now we can't say nothing good about him
He's got those funny lips. He looks like a Joker and Batman
We never liked the anyway Danny. We can't stand you man
Here's a mobile in Miami hello
I'm using a lower name and being you smock. Okay. God damn it. Here's a lady a mobile in a girl B. Chilla
I am yes, man
It's about time someone on that station came out and spoke the truth. Oh right
You bet you're absolutely right. Oh power mom. They're more on JJ
Texas himself off as a great psychologist
What's psychology? He's got a bachelor's in psychology the psychology sucked. He's got a big
He's got a BS. Okay. Thank you sweetheart. BS is his middle name Jimmy BS Johnson. That's what I heard
Jimmy jailbird BS Johnson
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line and these people they're right behind them
Maybe he's the pie pie for whatever he says it's the M is he's the God. He's the savior
He's the one that's gonna leave us in the promised land isn't he? No, no
That's what he told us when he was out there on Fox rhymes with schlocks
From the moment he came here
I despised from the moment that I saw his B. D. I's and that routine is that slick lip Yahoo mentality his
And why is it by the way that so many of these sports nerds especially in football? You know you got your books Johnson
You got Steve Spurrier you got Bobby Bowden you got Jimmy. They all got to be a bunch of Yahoo's
Does that go with the territory? You got to be a Yahoo? Yeah
I wonder if Oprah ever picked a seat out of her rectum
No, certainly that's that's something we ought to be thinking about today
Of course women don't pick seats out of there rectum. Thank you very much to refine for that. Come on
Not in America. Oh, please 11 13 at 5 60 Q. I am Q
I'm prevents presents and prevents the Windexy live auction event at women of tomorrow a mentoring program for high school girls and Dayton
Broward all day tomorrow 6 a.m. The 6 p.m. bid on a package including trip for two to the Atlanta's resort in the Bahamas
The offences and tickets and gift certificates and lots more all day tomorrow 6 a.m. The 6 p.m.
Hello
Neil yes, sir. This is Senator Steve Deller. How are you? Okay, Steve? How are you?
Okay, you were talking about education a bit earlier
I don't know if you know what happened in the legislature last year we gave a one
Billion with a B billion dollar tax cut of that one billion
270 million came directly out of education
In a reduction of the local property tax directly
270 million at Governor Bush's origin came directly out of education. This is an act now
Well, I guess a lot of folks think that our schools are overcrowded. It's okay to have kids
You know study in the shack. Excuse me. Portables
And not not have any food to eat lunch
Yeah, that I'm not text books to take home at night to do homework
Right, not in the books are overcrowded etc. I don't seem not enough books
Classrooms that are too crowded
And this year when we had the money is where I can understand the years that you say what we just don't have enough money
This year, but maybe we're not going to put extra money into schools
But if you're not going to do it in years that you don't have the money and you're not going to do it in years that you do have the money
What are you going to do it? I offered an amendment to
Take the 270 million and put it back into education and it was defeated on a strict party line vote
I'm a Democrat the well the Democrats voted in favor of it
Republicans voted against it
And I think that's because they were trying real hard to make sure that they could say with a billion dollar tax
Three quarters of a billion went to did enough
Yeah, no, that's a nice round of numbers very impressive. Yeah, yeah
I you were talking about education. So that's why I called it in you said well
But the thing that disturbs me Steve though is that this is always what we're hearing is that all there's there's more than enough money
It's just being wasted. There's too many bureaucrats. There's too many people making too much money at the top
There's plenty of money to go around we do last thing we need is to pay more taxes of any kind to you know support the school system
And in the meantime all the efficiencies that you just talked about and a lot of others they're going on and nothing's happening
Fortunately, I'm not a school board member with all due respect to my friends in the school board
I think you have to be crazy today to want to be a school board member because
It's an unwinnable job
We're asking the schools to do things that 30 years ago parents did and it's almost it's an unwinnable situation
But yeah, everybody talks about then again, I'm not gonna send the school board not my job
But everybody talks about too many bureaucrats
Brow I did try and introduce a bill which it couldn't get passed to set a statewide ratio
I say what percentage of your total personnel could be administrators
I wasn't able to get that passed
But I will tell you that Broward is lower than the statewide average in the number of administrators
That means every school board statewide has too many
But I'm just letting you know that Broward has less than the statewide average
And a lot of people are right throwing money at a problem
Absolutely does not cure it
But not putting enough money in guarantee you're going to have a problem
Okay, Steve thanks a lot keep hanging there
Okay, keep trying
That's not an easy job. Okay, I'm sure thanks a lot. Okay, stay Senator Steve Geller and there you go
Good old jab bush knowledge Republican friends up there in Tallahassee
As the Republican Party continues to attempt to destroy the American public education system
This is nothing new. They've been doing this for 20 years now
Oh, we don't want to educate the people then they might actually get smart
Let's only have the a lead at school to school the people are a lot of money
What we'll do is we'll make all the bad schools even worse
And we'll give all these vouchers out so that you know
We're gonna you know we can subsidize people go to parochial and the private schools
And then we can really destroy. We'll stick it to it
So only the sparsers in the desperate the poverty-stricken they can go to all the public schools and let them rot in hell
That's basically what people like jab bush and his brother have to say about education
And of course the problem in this state is that the response is
Because this is not a state where it's an important issue
And I found out in this showboy the last few weeks that we've been talking about this you people out there sure is almost you don't care
All right, this is sad thing they have to come on here say hey all your kids out there
We got a lot of kids by the way who do listen to this show
I know probably shouldn't say that because the FCC will say oh you see well. I don't give a crap about the FCC
They can screw off
We have a lot of kids who listen to this show who appreciate you get a chuckle out of it and who actually learn something from it
And it's very sad to come on and say well, guess what you know
I'm sad to hear all these stories that you tell us but the fact is your parents don't really care about about you guys
They don't care about giving you quality education
All they want to do is ship you off for a few hours during the day and get you off their hands and you know
Hope for the best hope you don't kill anybody
You know that michelle gillian thing and even though it was her you know forget about the fact that it was her on channel for that
That's just that alone was it off the tear your kishkish out if you got any feeling about the you know about kids about intelligence about quality of life
They don't care about those things
That's why all the reason I'm talking about this Jimmy Johnson thing is because it's such a classic example of what I've been saying for years
There is no sports fans in this town. This is the biggest joke. It's like you have n football program. There's a freaking joke for you
Oh, yeah, they get off to a big start the upsettle highway state which turns out to be a craft team anyway
But they win a game a lot of people expected to lose. Oh, yeah, we're back hurricane
And then they lose a couple of games and right away. Oh, yeah, well, what other bandwagon can we jump on?
That's
That's not sports fans. They sold out 54,000 seats in less than one day and Cincinnati for a playoff game of a Monday night
That nobody expected was going to be played
54,000 the place where there wasn't an empty seat in the house and
Here when they can't fill up any sporting event here they say well
It was a short week because you know they played on Monday night. So it was only five days right
I
Not saying there's anything wrong with that but don't expect us to keep subsidizing stadiums and arenas for billionaires so that we can build these buildings that can sit there empty
We already got the money arena sitting there empty and now now we got the American Airlines arena and they still can't sell tickets and that goddamn thing
And guess what it's four blocks away
People still don't want to go there especially those inflated prices
They're trying to give the tickets. They were advertising in yesterday's unsent and they'll
Tickets in the upper ragotally knows in the nose bleed eight dollars a game for the heat
And they still can't sell them
So there's another good reason to go out and let's build a stadium for John Henry
You crazy bastards
Shame on you they ought to get I'm gonna be placed in Al sunshine if I can just get a little bit fatter. I'm gonna work on my hamhawk, you know
Shame on you
You know
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Yeah
Just wanted to mention I unfortunately, I don't remember the guy's name exactly but in the Palm Beach post
Which shorts that you don't get a subscription. No, we don't all right and the sports section
I believe the guy commentate columns and just name and I think it's
Node ended his column today by saying and maybe Jimmy. It's time that you look at the mirror. Uh-huh
Yeah, so he was
Expounding on the points that you're bringing out and brought criticism against was a great article
See that's in Palm Beach they're not quite as terrified and
Hearing no seriously the sports writers down here
I think Jimmy's got negative pictures of all of them with the billi-goat or all of them in a big circle jerk or something like that
Because they're all scared the spittless of him
Oh, those are pictures. I don't want to see
But but well he works the same beat they cover the same teams etc
So and anyway, I just also want to say thank you to the tailgators on leaving the stadium
I ran over a bunch of empty beer bottles and how to replace the tires nice
There you go that's all I want to bring to the table. Okay. Thanks. Thanks
There's another guy had a good time thanks to the
Drunk-struck and rednecks. Oh, yeah, come on. You're taking a fun out of it man. We got to go tailgate
People who go to sports practices and people who go to tailgate parties
mm
mm
Those are my favorites
5 6 7 0 5 60 top 5 60 on the AT&T line our phone is like you know a couple lines working here
Here's Cooper City. Hello
Hello Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir?
Neil what happened to the lottery money that was going to education? I don't know
It's a fucker side every week some of it didn't write. Yeah
Kelona was bringing it in from Paris and all the clothes that she had jabs wife I guess right
Columbus and you know Jimmy Johnson here, you know, and he's out there crying about who the games passed by he ought to look at himself in the mirror
That's what the guy just said yeah exactly exactly. He's out there screaming a rant and Raven
He had Tony cigarette out down in his place in the keys with the wind blowing and
There was a lot of blood blowing going on. They're all looking for that free trip down to the keys
Uh-huh. Well, maybe J.J. I'll take that shot at OJ on the golf course and clean up two birds of one stone
Okay, thank you. We got a shot
He said okay, we got 600 open lines here 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami hello. Yeah, yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Yeah, I have two things to say. Yes, sir
Being that you are talking about other sports. I know you use it. Talk about the pants that you don't talk about the sport
My talking way I talk about real sports. Let me ask you
Let me ask a question. Yes, sir
Marino's been around here. What 17 years. Yes, that's right. How many years will be on the shooter?
Until well all the years until Jimmy got here 13. How many Super Bowl did he win?
How many is it just a quarterback when the Super Bowl all by himself?
Yeah, the quarterback is the key to the team. Uh-huh. Okay. How many this guy you know people are going on and on about
We made you Danny. Oh, yes, we do. You really
Give me a lot. Give me a way. We can't stand you. Jimmy was right on talk. Yeah, he was right on the
Nine a second thing. Well, let me ask you something if that's the case. How come Jimmy didn't bring some hot shot quarterback in here?
How come he didn't bring you? How come he didn't bring Troy the boy in here from Dallas when he came here?
Want me to tell you why? Please do it because these people here in Miami
If you say something about Marino you might as well die. Oh, you're dreaming man. They're all on the
I don't think they're all depending on their car. We never got to practice. They're carbon. I got panic as you're wrong now. I'll be gay. Jay
Lookers. They're carbon. I'm a big ass. You never gonna win with this guy. Yeah, because he's a pass or really
Yeah, right when he comes to a situation where he is. I know George Blank. He won't have to. I know that you know that it was a big
Well, you know nothing about football. Okay, sir
Just like Hank and how about Treyekman? Does he run with a ball? No
Plenty of quarterbacks this this year and all through the years who've been great great winners of a championship who weren't mobile and didn't
柔 with a ball
But don't confuse these people because like I told you it's like a bunch of children in the sandbox
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I got a couple of things for you. Well first of all did you hear the latest American Airlines flat? No
Well, you heard about that that poor little girl 12-year-old Haitian girl that it was being sexually abused
And she was being used as a slave she was brought over from this country and
some these while there
This rich family of Haitians that lived out in the family of clients apparently brought this girl over
And they were using her as a slave. Right. I'm under the story. Yeah
Well apparently these people made a break for Haiti and apparently they were on an American Airlines plane
Yeah, please
Discover them about to be you know about to take off they were on the plane when the police found them. Yeah
But American Airlines they don't have jurisdiction enough to to hold the plane and they try to look we got to go get a
A judge and an injunction to get these people off the plane and arrest them and
American Airlines refuse the whole to plane and flew them to Haiti
There you go. All right nice going. Yeah
one other thing
Dan marino
He's the best quarterback to ever have played the game. He is still
Even to this day
Even in his waiting years is still better than half of the quarterback starting on most of the teams today
And these jerks that call in and and want to criticize Dan marino. Who do they expect to still issues?
Maybe Jimmy can go out there and do it. You know he can he even you know you can't even you know nowadays
You know you can't even groom a young quarterback now days you either have to have a phenom that comes in
Yeah, and and starts and you just start and live with his mistakes the first couple years
Because if you try to groom somebody behind Dan marino or any quarterback quarterback and such high demand
If you if you sign him as a rookie for three or four years, which is standard for a rookie
And that's that's what you're talking about you know like the time and grooming him by the time he's ready
He's a free agent and he's
He's liable to go get signed by somebody else that's now either gonna come behind you and pluck your quarterback
I'm gonna agree here. They they should have been grew another quarterback last three or four years
Since Jimmy's been here, but have a great taste sir. I don't agree with that. The light oh
Now
Come on
I'm going to see it out like a fool to fit.
Thinking of a fake mode, love is fat.
You don't think about the smell, if you tell her where it's at.
It's a bad job.
It's a bad job.
Squirt, squirt.
It's a bad job.
It's a bad job.
The world's a mentalistic fat guy.
He knows how to make a bold bit right.
That's the chase with the shouting in the house.
Squirt, we need this case of our golden power.
Squirt, squirt.
Squirt, squirt.
Squirt, squirt.
Squirt, squirt.
Squirt, squirt.
Okay, 1133 at 560 WQM, 560 705 60.
Let's see if line 4 is working out.
Okay, let's see if line 7.
There's a valve somewhere we can't do that.
There's a little problem on there.
Some of our lines are working.
Also give it a shot.
Thank you, Bell, South.
You guys really suck, but at least you're consistent.
Here's a mobile in four-loader, Dale.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
I'm doing the best duck hands.
I understand why these idiot dolphin fans are calling up,
wanting Marino's head.
They're all still tailgating.
Yeah.
I was at the game on Monday night, and I've never seen a display
of a bunch of drunken buffoons in my life.
Fight, after fight.
I want the girl to get punched in the face.
There you go.
Well, what type of obnoxious buffoons go to these games?
My bad picture, man.
Teach your lesson.
I have no idea.
I just want to say all you dolphin fans are out there fighting in section 127.
You're a bunch of losers.
OK, thanks.
Well, they lost the game, too, by the way.
Remember that?
They lost.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Give it a shot.
Let's see if I...
Oh, wait a minute.
Where are they?
I think they're punching right with it now, though.
I don't want to get too optimistic about these phone lines.
Here's a mobile in Oakland, par.
Hello.
Neil, how's it going?
OK.
I came to see you at a specs on Saturday.
This is the way you're frudge packing, guys.
All right.
I was wondering, now you sign my CD.
What's going to happen when you replace them?
Are we going to get them signed again?
Or we get to keep the piece in the middle?
Just take the piece.
Thank you.
Where's your next place where you're going to be?
Pizza loft, Tuesday, October 19.
I hope.
I pray if the other stuff is ready.
Can you give me a word when you're frudge packing for Jimmy Johnson?
Will you frudge packing?
OK, pal.
Now, see, there's a classic example, but I'm always talking about it.
I mean, on the phone, this guy sounds a little bit nerdy, and they, you know,
seem to be a one-note.
Will you frudge packing?
Kind of a Charlie, but in person, he was a pretty interesting guy.
Trust me.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
He was no Jacob, but hey, there's only one Jacob, baby.
There's only one Jacob.
Oh, Jesus.
How about if there was like a Jacob on every street corner?
I don't think I'd have time to be here.
You want to see an old man run fast?
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that, I forgot to bring up that thing on here about the,
uh, breast, the implant guide that they're looking for.
Another one of your people, by the way, another faker.
Thank God we don't have too many fakers down here.
In medicine and the dentist, you name it.
Every field, we got more fakers and you can shake your wand at.
The guy that was doing the phony implants and they had that beautiful, beautiful blonde,
holy et.
And just to think, and I was taking it myself and I watched it.
And I thought, God, here's a new enterprise for George.
Just a breast implant thing.
Just the examinations.
The first you got to do the exams, that's right.
Check for lumps and bumps in the breast too.
I'll just be the referral service.
And you can even pick seeds out of there.
Bracket.
In your spare time.
But nevertheless, wow, she was a knockout and I think that he disfigured her.
That's really, I'm telling you.
They ought to like, uh, put him up there instead of the lowest band band concert.
Just stick his ass up there and let him linch his ass.
Yeah, that's another thing I could bring that up again.
But nobody cares about that because, you know, there's a great column by Max J. Castro, by the way,
who's written two book columns in a row.
How do you like to add in the Harold?
Promote democracy by practicing tolerance.
Work toward changing the national image of Miami as the right wing bunker.
And he mentions among other things, the virulent attacks by some hardline Cuban Americans
against the October 9 concert by the Cuban Music Group, Los Van Van at the arena,
which I've been screaming about, but nobody cares because freedom doesn't exist here in South Florida,
just a banana republic.
5, 6, 7, I thought line 4 was like, uh, oh, I'm sorry.
Sorry, get a little carried away.
Here's a mobile in Pemberpine.
Hello.
Oh, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Neil, I live in your old neighborhood, Pemberp Lake, and I, uh, for years,
I've lived in Broward County for almost 30 years.
I've always amazed how out of touch the school board is, and I was reminded when you were talking to Steve Geller before.
A couple of years ago, one of the local news papers I remember, which one,
did a profile on every Broward County school board member,
and they included where their kids went to school.
My surprise, probably any of the Broward County school board members
had put their kids through the Broward County school system.
They were all going to private schools.
I think, uh, out of wherever it was, 10, I think two of them had them in the school system.
I got to know Diana Lossman, our local representative, who's been on the school board in Broward County for 20 years.
She's, she's more kids went through private schools.
How do you like that?
And, and it's just, it's just amazing how out of touch they are.
And so it doesn't surprise me why these stupid management things happen.
You know, when they opened Flattie and High School, they planned on 3,400 kids.
They had no idea of the building that went on in Pemberpines.
Flattie can open almost 5,000 kids because they didn't plan it.
That's why the city of Pemberpines has gotten so upset.
They don't even, they're going to their own schools now.
They build three charter schools now.
Yeah.
It's just, it's just totally, totally out of touch.
Uh, you know, the, the county and the school board don't even, don't, don't even communicate on these issues.
Great.
So I don't know.
I just was reminded of that before.
Thanks.
Okay. Thanks for the bad news.
So the bad news is, I mean, why even stickier knows that Mr. Hotshot?
Because it's a lost cause anyway.
And most of these people don't care.
And if they do, they're not much taken to anyway.
So just, you know, screw the kids.
That's it.
That's the Florida mentality.
You know, something I was promised by the way that there wouldn't be any drill in today.
There wouldn't be a lot of noise.
And we got some people who would do it.
Some other kind of crap out here in all way.
But it's always during the neorodger show.
We got people pounding and banging in their laying cable.
I think they're laying each other out there in all way.
And they're banging on a ceiling.
This is a crazy place.
The frickin' phones don't work.
They're banging on a ceiling.
But have a nice day.
Scott, this is a crazy place for crazy, crazy people.
And you walk out of here, at least I do it two o'clock every day going like that.
That's right.
Just like that.
Like, like, like, like that.
Enough of the pounding.
Enough of the noise.
I already got a migraine from this goddamn center one business with OCDs.
And from OJ and from our non-existent promotions department.
I already got a migraine.
I don't need no more pounding.
It's not the kind of pounding I had in mind.
Jacob?
God.
Oh, I feel so much better now, yeah?
That it stopped momentarily.
Kaka, whoop.
Pissin.
What else?
What am I missing?
Absolutely.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rembo 4 and 5.
How are you?
John, Rembo's still alive.
I wanna make movies 4 and 5.
My life ain't going great.
Plenty of Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's when I heard my penis and it never ever proved.
Rembo 2 was in 85 late.
Rembo 3 was in 88.
Shoot it.
And shoot it.
And shoot it.
Like, on.
I did not make this movie with my son.
It never changed.
He was in Rocky 5 and Daylight in tunnel movie.
A little bit of cash is what I mean.
I got to get a loan from the power creep.
I got to have a lot of work in movie.
Or Broadway show like Gena V.
I guess nobody of us thought cops were in.
It was stupid.
I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
All I got left is Jennifer Flayvin.
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rembo 4 in 5.
Take it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script.
I can do dialogue or keep it zip.
They like comedy.
Action.
Adventure.
And drama.
The only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break.
For goodness sake, I used to be an uppermost.
Now I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man showing for Kipsy.
Basically I'm an unemployed Gypsy.
A little bit of cash is what I mean.
I got to get a loan from the power queen.
I got to have a lot of work in movie.
Or Broadway show like Gena V.
I guess nobody ever saw cops playing.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
All I got left is Jennifer Flayvin.
And that's why I made it to the devil.
I need to make them more forward.
And that's absolutely.
14 to the moon at 5.60 WQAM.
Hank will be out of school is today from 2 to 6.
Which they could have been laying the cable by the way from 2 to 6 while Hank is out of the building.
And there's no show going on in here.
But no, let's do it during the show and make a lot of noise again.
Okay, thank you.
Here's the facts from Marty, who says I grew up in South Dakota where I listened to you for as long as I can remember.
For the last 5 years I've been living in Chicago and New York.
A fact that clearly indicates my state of mind.
Thank God for broadcast dot com says Marty Howard Stern and the Steve Dull just don't stand up to use his Marty.
How do you like that?
By the way, it runs in the family by sister is the lady who won the hockey tickets last Friday.
And guess what she cheated in school too.
That was the young lady that was had the hockey news open.
And no matter what name I would have given.
She had the number.
I score in sweetheart.
Thank you Marty and happy circus to you too.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
These knowledgeable fans that we got it's Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and daddy.
Let's point to think her because they lost the game and these people are crumbling.
They're falling apart.
The whole organization is going psychotic.
Education in this state is a joke.
Haven't got a goddamn cheese sandwich to feed the half of the kids in school here.
But we're not worried about that or it's Danny.
It's Jimmy. It's Jimmy. It's Danny.
We got a bunch of crazy people in this state.
Just take a look at this place.
How's line 4?
The one.
What was that?
Hello.
Did you hear somebody on it?
It was a ghost.
Not seriously. The ghost of one of our dead collars was on there.
Maybe that was Bill from Tampa from Clearwater from Loots.
Newport, Richard.
From the bill from Newport.
Very good.
I'll tell you one thing, Bill.
I'll tell you one good, brother.
I'd rather listen to you fart and hear pretty girls sing.
Don't ever do it.
Thank you.
56670560.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I have a comment, right?
Go right ahead.
I mean, does Jimmy have a tick lane for anything?
No.
This guy had two weeks to get ready for a teeny-witch.
Right.
And all he can do is wine and pass with him on marino.
Hello.
Where's this new Jimmy Johnson office?
I mean, Dan Clark killed our coach this guy.
Give me a damn break.
Right.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, come out.
I know what you said.
It's not fair to think about.
Come out with a damn wishbone if you want to run so bad.
But you sit there and you have two weeks to be in our coach by pass.
You are coach by.
The game has passed him by.
He's a quit.
That's my comment.
Now you're talking, pal.
Thank you.
There you go.
There's a great American for you.
Hey, piss off and fired up too, by the way.
And he's not a feared.
Jimmy don't got no naked pictures of him.
We don't think.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Oh, Jake.
Oh.
Now we got, now we got the, oh, they've set off the goddamn fire alarm.
Oh.
This, you know something, this is the greatest.
Take a look out the window in the hallway and see if the place is burning down.
Because otherwise I'll get up and look at this.
We got to get the fire alarm set off.
How do you like this?
All right.
It's a crazy place.
It's 7 a.m.
This is the best.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
This is the most.
We're in
Some, I must have been the cable people who weren't, they weren't satisfied with making
all the noise.
Now they decided somehow to set off the fire alarm.
And there's the program director in the hallway and he's squirting a few out there.
What do you got, what do you got to say about this?
There he goes again.
He squirt well maybe he'll squirt and put the fire out.
That sounds good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come on let's hear it.
Let's get some phones on his dancing here.
Now let's get some calls and maybe we'll talk loud enough I can actually hear the callers.
5, 6, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7
0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0, 7, 0
So, the truck back into the goddamn sprinkler system and set off the freaking alarm.
Alright, let's hear it from River Delivery. So, by the way, the Quote Jimmy Johnson for the
Liberty Truck Driver, we've got a shot and it's for you. Asshole, I'll need the fire department
to put this in, shut it off. Only the fire department can shut it off. Can't we like
pull a fuse? Can't we yank it? Crank it? Please, this is going to go on for an
indeterminate period of time. Do you have any idea how bad that isn't here? I got news for you.
I got one on the wall right here too. I got one right here too. Yeah, Mr. Winner and I don't have no
goddamn ear plugs like you got. Hey, it's a big Christ. It's getting louder and louder.
It's a crazy house over here. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah,
ignorance is not as a threat in a court of law. Yeah, ignorance should not be a threat for
a radio talk show host. Okay, thank you. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. That was one of your
clients. Yes, sir. Yes. Alright, long time listen. I love you, sir. Alright. I didn't, I didn't,
he talked about the ladder that is going to start shooting the ladder when things and Saturdays,
nothing they heard you and there's no money for the schools. Yeah, go buy some tickets. Okay,
let us know if you win. 72. I am 72. I am. Yeah, well, I've been to seek me. Who's this?
This Kevin? Where's he from, Kevin? On a mobile in Boine, Detroit. Okay, let's go to a mobile in
Boine, Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, listen, or even through the fire alarms. Alright. Hey,
you know, Kevin. Even talking to a whist is a chipsmith, yes, I want to know why every
publication, every newspaper, you have no problem reading about new stadiums, this new stadiums
ass, but we never read anything about new schools going up. Right. Now you're talking, pal. How many schools
can we build with the money it takes to build one stadium? Amen. God bless you, Kevin. Thanks,
Bill. Have a great day. Okay. Got that radio cranked up. Well, Joe Costellard just came in there.
I think he's going to jail. He's messing with a goddamn fire alarm. I think there, I think that's
20 years easy for messing around with a fire alarm for just this membrane into saline. Oh, thank
God. No, you're right. Oh, it's screaming in the other room. Close that door. Woo, heavy.
Duty. Five, six, and we won't be answering him for a moment or two. I mean, I could throw
some music on, but that would that would take away all the enjoyment from our listening audits.
As a matter of fact, let's punch that line up to read it. Look at that. Line four works now. I think
maybe. Oh, don't seem to be ringing. All the other ones are so four and seven. I don't know. They're
still, uh, whatever. Look at that. How promising that is, huh? You stick with us here at WQA and
folks believe me and you don't hear things that you never believed could possibly happen. And
there has to be the freaking human race. I know it sure works for me.
Hi, Felicia. Gigi, I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still
shampooing with head and shoulders? I thought using head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean,
honestly, who grows here on their shoulders anyway? Yeah, right. So what are you using now?
Well, it's light-t head and shoulders only without all those additives. It's just called
Ted. Let's show them about it, girl.
Wow. Where can I get head? Lots of places, chicks. You can stop by my place later and I'll
be happy to give you the head. In 15 minutes, I'll have you shampooed, styled, and blown dry.
Gee, you don't miss a lick, do you? Ten thousand. Great. But is it expensive? Not at all, chicks.
I'd rather say there are places downtown where you can get head for less than ten dollars.
Golly, at that price, everyone should be getting head. That's right, chick. When you say head,
you set a mouthful. Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Felicia. From Freedom of Industry.
In the television, why you should get head? First, at Lubricate, each limp hair follicle,
leading in a wrecked, listening shaft, then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root,
leading your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted. Nothing does the job like head. Great. Can I get head
from my hairdresser Bruce? Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first.
When you get head, you're a lucky step. One hair with lots of volume,
nothing gets it up like head. Available to price, you won't find hard to swallow,
and it's going down every day.
Connie, we're out in shampoo. Can you go out and get some head? What did you say?
I said, I want you to go out and get head. Oh, thank you, sweet Jesus. I'm going down down.
And head makes a great holiday gift. Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head.
Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I've never seen her so choke up.
My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married.
Now I'm lucky if I get Durgan's lotion and a national toothbrush.
If you try and have your whole cat's skin, cat's cat runs later, and feeling so.
Cat's cat lets you remember the part I said, cat's cat will feel better than you get some head.
You'll feel better if you get some head.
Head shampoo, come on, give it a shot. My hair looks great.
You're the nap.
From 03 at 560 WQM, so anyway, the fire department, I was just saying to George during the
break, suppose this was a real fire alarm, which it's not. We don't think. Oh, that's just
Josh Friedman. But suppose it were, I don't want to cast the spursons on the great firefighters.
Now where are we? Is this like North Miami? Is this like unincorporated? Where are we?
Do we have any idea? North Miami. I don't want to cast no spursons on the North
Miami fire department, but you know, if this were a real situation, since they're the only ones
that can come over here and turn this goddamn crap off, that's blasting through QAM,
we'd all be dead. We'd be charcoal. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello.
Hi, dear. Yes, sir. This is the fire marshal. The reason we're not there is that we're off
in the corner collecting for the new stadium. There you go. Excellent. That's what we're doing.
Listen, what was the car calling about before about Bill Henry? Is he back on the air?
No. Wishful thing. He's doing what he's got you. What is it? He's doing what he's got you.
Bill Henry's on 10 o'clock at night on 9.40. And nine in the morning. Have a great
place here. We're not promoting Bill Henry here. We're giving him up promos. Okay. Let him buy
some billboards. You know, that's an interesting thing about this fan station, this fan
board and add for them. No. Anything other than Barry Jack, ask the publicity. No. And then they put
the fill on over there and they change the whole lineup. Anybody and they'll say, oh, well,
Neil gave us all that fee publicity. Yeah, right. What a good excuse that is for being just as
cheap as we are, Pete, you phoneies over there. Who you're kidding? So, you know, the sprinkler,
yeah, they got back into and burst in the spring water all over the place.
Guess whose car is getting yours? Great car wash. Guess who's not mine? Not yours?
How about yours? How can that be? My car is parked like next to the water not see. It's on
the inside. It's the, the ceiling sprinklers are going on. The ceiling sprinkler is
in the shower. Rifting out of my car pouring water down into my car as we speak.
Or just like drizzling. Don't worry. Thank you. Thanks for the free car wash. What a great deal.
Coming here to work. You can get a free car wash. What's wrong with that? How's line four doing,
by the way? Nice going. You got your bills out. You got the fire department. You got this
freaking place. Oh, it's amazing. Only only here, baby. This is just every time you think you've
seen it all, you know what? Every time you think you've seen it all and you come in the next day
and they come up with stuff I've told you this before. Then nobody ever heard of before.
Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Neil. Yes, sir.
Tell me about the underwood story. No wonder you attempted suicide. He's with the dolphins.
Okay, thanks. Brilliant. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. Here's keep this game. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I work for a security company, you know, a rock minus.
And basically I just get paid all day to listen to you. It's just beautiful.
Oh, right. But I just wanted to say a couple things. Yes, sir. I just want your viewers or
your listeners to know that they can say no to search it so those goddamn pigs out there.
I got pulled over the other day. He was up for some strange reason. He said, can I search
your off for speed? Okay. And for some strange reason, he decided to say, I'm going to search your
vehicle. And I said, thinking of course, you know, I had nothing in the car. I said, yeah, go ahead.
You know, make your day. And he ended up finding the smallest,
tiniest little road inside the car and he arrested me. Oh my god. So just say no.
He found a teeny little one, huh? A teeny little one. How about a road?
I couldn't believe it. He arrested you and then the son, now what do you got to do?
So now I got to go to court. I got to pay this. I got to do that. It's the most ridiculous thing.
And now my lawyer says you could have just said no. The road police.
Yama. It's unbelievable. Me. I don't believe it.
Hey, pal. Just say no. They know guys. Thanks. Thanks. How do you like that? He had a little tiny,
he must have been hanging out with Clarence Thomas. It was just a pin joint.
Yes. So would you like someone to move your car?
Well, I'd like to get an honest, an analization. I mean, Igor there said it was just
dripping a little bit. I mean, what's what's going to make? It's not going to leak.
Is it an addition to which when and how are these firefighters going to get here already? Huh?
Jesus, God and Joseph, we got a better chance of Batman and Robin showing up with their God damn crime
fighting booties on than the freaking firefighters here in North Miami. This thing's been going on
for a half a freaking hour here already when they're firefighting booties. Maybe that's what they're
doing sliding up and down that grease pole over there. That's what the firefighters and
paramedics do a lot, you know? You know? Uh-huh. Yeah, but you do.
Thank God for Joe Costa. I don't want to say it was Joe that turned the volume down these things
because otherwise, so we'd be we'd be a little bit like that. And we were all ready to go to
the movie like that to begin with.
You know, I think Jimmy Johnson did it. I do. I think it's a JJ conspiracy. You know something, Jimmy,
you're still an asshole. Okay. We're not going to get off your case just because this is the once you're
on this radio station where somebody's got the balls and hate scare of you and your God dead naked pictures.
You know what, Jimmy? He's an asshole. That's right. F and A, baby. We're going to tell it like it is.
Skate go find her. Let me tell you one more time. The buck stops here. Grow up and be a man. Stop being
a crybaby like somebody way out in this building. Grow up and be a real man. You putz, you putt whacker.
You silly silver-haired geek. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Rital Slime. We hope you're
having a great Wednesday. We sure are here at QAM. Let me tell you that. Just when you think things
couldn't get any more embarrassing, any more unbelievable, any more degrading, any more professional,
any more psychotic. Where is the big keys by the way in the middle of all of this? Where is the big
shot? Where's Mr. Hatchatt? I bet you ain't pying on his car. Well, for just a second there,
I thought that thing was stopping, didn't you? How's line 4 coming? Hello?
Hello? Louis restaurant in the Bronx?
Hello? Hello?
Oh, thank you. Sorry, Operat. Bitch. Here's 4 Latter-day. Hello?
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I had a bet with my friend. Yeah? There's WQAM. That's
fair. Okay, yeah. Okay. Let's go to a sunrise. Hello?
Neil? Yes, sir. You know, fire alarms are like a light safety issue. If they're going off,
you should leave the building. How it's an edit but like that? Uh-huh. And as far as just saying
you know to call, my favorite things, they don't please officer, is this essential contact?
You can, you can, five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the eight sounds like a
voice of experience. pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's the rail. Hello? Neil? Yes, sir.
I'd show today, bud. Oh, yeah. You could tell. Listen, I watched the story on the
night. Yeah, yeah. Maybe that's why the fire alarm went off. Exactly. Two hot for this place to
handle. Exactly. Uh, so watch the story of the night on the hockey team up in Ottawa.
It has like the number two second voted second best player in the league. Yeah. And he's holding out
now. Yeah, I shouldn't. Yeah. Yeah. For I think he makes 3.6 million a year. And he wants
nine million. All right. He wants 23 according to the news. Yeah. He wants nine million a year.
Yeah. And the class actions do they have going against? Right. Which I thought was fantastic.
It's starting to gain a lot of momentum. Right. How you feel about that? But you know,
guys are the contract and they sold the tickets and people bought them because I'm all for saying
no to these guys, man. Just like just like Mike Greer over there in Edmonton is Schwarzenegger,
who's a good young player, but not a superstar. And they offered him a million dollars a year.
And he said no. And the Glenn Seder said, okay, well, I hope you enjoy your retirement. And
guess what? Yesterday he said, well, yeah, you know what? I'll take the million. Yeah.
And the same with the eight three scavengers in Toronto who held out. And finally, they made a deal
with him and he said, but you know something. Don't report right away. Take your time and get in here.
And he's all panicky. How come they don't want me right away? This is it's about time this started.
Long overdue. Well, I think it's even worse for the guy. Now there's guys we're fine. Here's the guy. He has a
contract. He agreed to play for that. That's right. Amen. They're suing him for the
time. I hope it's the you're suing his ass for 23 million. Hopefully they sent him to Siberia. Exactly. Have a good day.
Okay. Palin back to him. So the fire department isn't here yet. Yes. But some listeners from
advanced fire and safety. Yes. He's pulled into the park a lot. And they're going to be
actually racing towards the central franis central parkway. Shut it off. Oh, thank God for our
listeners. Oh, Jesus. I feel like somebody just took a 7,000 pound weight off my neck. Wow. Again,
thank you to advance. Thank you to advance fire and safety. God bless you because if we would have
had to wait for the god damn North Miami to get off that grease puller sliding up and down. This whole
building could be like cinnamon cinders. Oh, I feel so much better now. It's been going on for like 40
minutes. And you have no and believe me. Thanks to Joe for turning a goddamn sound down the first
20 minutes of it. It was like the end of the world in here. Just just just just like like the fact
last year when the Kings played here earlier in the season. That was the night that they had to
invite him cranked up on a goddamn p at the Macarena. So loud that your brain you could hear the
brains rattling in those of us who had one. Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless
line. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing okay? Lumpet and now. I'm a 20 year season
taken hold with the dolphins. Yes, sir. And I represent a minority of I'm not I'm not a red neck
and I don't drink before the game during the game. Oh, right. There you go. I mean, there's nothing
wrong with a couple of beers, but a couple of for these guys. That's not even a you know, that's not
even a start. You don't need to drink yourself into oblivion, obviously. Right. You know, all this
talk about this stuff. I mean, we lost the football game. I mean, I love the team. I believe orange
and aqua, but we lost by five points. Yeah. And they're coming on glue now. You know, the thought
that the world has came to an end. The assassinated right. You know, just looking at that and some of
these colors talking about the great quarterbacks are only great. They want to Super Bowl like Plunk
Kitten, Hostel, they're in Doug Williams. Right. Please. What's going on with this crazy people.
And and I'm grateful people too. This guy. This guy didn't deserve Dan Murillo. You know, unfortunately,
you're right. You know, and one other thing as far as Jimmy, he needs that as a gate go for everything.
And back when he had Stevens, when he let him go, I don't know if you remember what Steven said. He
said, you can't make chicken salad with chicken shot. Right. And that's something that I put. What are we
done? Really shot. But we don't forget we got a shot. Yeah. We need to use maybe maybe when he's
talking about his chicken shot, maybe that's what he meant. Thanks a lot, pal. I'll see you. Have a great
day. There's an honest dog fan right there. Somebody at the isn't all psychotic and living in a
goddamn crazy world. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless lines. We try to put the pieces
together with this mess of this nightmare today. What? Oh, aren't your ears ringing?
Do you say something? Here's Cooper City. Hello. Cooper City. Neil. Yes, sir.
Chubby checking in. That's how long I'm going to listen to you, Neil. Oh, God. Chubby is that I think
she sleeps with the fishes. She probably deserves her in Wichner. This is Chubby checking in.
Let's get off Jimmy. He needs some head for that hair of his. Yeah. Who the hell would want to give him
head? Well, that's the whole other story. Listen, help me out here. I just recently got grilled in a
seven year old and dying to go to a Panther game. Yeah. Oh, I tried to snore one day and that was
losing battle there when you had tickets one day. So I got to get a few meals and take them to a
game. But what kind of deals do they have going over there these days? What kind of deals
does they got? I mean, how much is the parking? You know, this is going to, like I said, I'm going to
have to get like three meals to take into this game. So what's my most economical way to get
myself in him in there? I had the Panther pack, but I don't know if I'm sure that there must be
Panther pack available for night call up a ticket master. Yeah. Or ticket to whatever the hell it is.
Take it rip off. Take it rapist. And I'm sure they got Panther packs still because you know, there
were six thousand unsolved tickets for the game tonight. Yeah, that's the one I'm hoping to get.
And those are the real cheap, but I don't know. They used to be like 12 bucks in the other
joint. I don't know what they go for here, but they're real cheap. Okay, but those you can't get
about at the stadium or I don't believe so. Okay. All right, Neil, I love your show.
And bring binoculars too. You'll have a great time. A little oxygen. Some binoculars. It'll be great.
I'll see you there. Okay. Thanks. A lot of tickets for night's game. I'm trying my best.
Let's get some people out there to see a real sport to at least show appreciation for
Bob Elbury and Ray Whitney and the real guys we got on this team and a real goddamn sport.
We're not about to cry, baby's like those doll fans who lose one stick in game. Wee, wee, and start
playing. I mean, you can see the whole thing. Sheer total panic panic hysteria.
Fingerprint like how many times have I said that Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny and now it's
just blown. I mean sky high. The whole thing. And that's all they can talk about. That's all
these people know from. Well, pack your sandwich, Jimmy. Okay. You can go out. You can go off to
San Quentin and visit all your ex-players out there. San Quentin, Rayford, make the rounds.
Go up there and check out see how Dmitrius is doing if his neck is healed up yet. Thank you, Tommy.
What is it? Nice car. Yeah, thank you. I wonder what you took out of it.
Here's Miami. Hello. Uncle Mayo. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good.
Listen, first of all, I just wanted to tell you the listening to you since I was 15 years old and I love your show.
All right. And I'm pointing to now and that's pathetic. And I too get paid to drive around all day
and listen to you. Excellent. A lot of people do that. I commend them for it. Anyway, I was at the game.
You know, I was sitting up in the flung zone. And I too enjoyed all the fights, but there's
the point in the third quarter where the dolphins just weren't doing anything. It was a four and out.
And the fans started like maybe about 20 percent started booing, marino, and the offense. Yeah.
I mean, don't get me wrong about this whole fair weather and drunkenness thing. I understand.
Yeah, exactly. But it was just pathetic. And I was getting pissed off and I come totally with that other guy
who called that two, three colors ago. They lost by five points and we're having hernias.
You know, and no one gives a credit to the bill. They lost the game. They lost the game. It's a 16 game
season. They're two and one. They're lucky to be two and one, but they're two and one. And what's
the problem here? They didn't play well. It was disappointing. Marino had it off night. They got
no running game. Why aren't they screaming about the fact that all this highly touted Cecil,
listen, Cecil ad and JJ Johnson is nothing. Zippity with an embarrassment.
It's completely, I mean, I hear everybody's witching about the other.
Let me tell you one thing. Cecil Collins had one great game in the preseason. Okay.
Well, and you know what this role is. I do exhibition games mean very, very little.
They mean something to guys who are trying to get a secure place on the team.
But other than that, in terms of really meaning anything, you show me what a guy can do in any sport
in a real game that I'll tell you an opinion.
And have a great day. I think you just passed out. Just crushed from the pressure.
Hey Cecil, by the way, how's the meteor is doing?
And of course, I'm not even going to go into it. 567 05 60, 05 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm really glad you're raising hell about this school situation.
It's that's long been a pet to you. Yeah, get a tremendous response, by the way.
It's not nobody cares. Nobody gets a wrap. Thank God for representative Steve Geller,
Senator Steve Geller called it every before. Thank God for him because other than that, nobody cares.
If I was a taxpayer, I mean, I'm a taxpayer. I don't have kids in school.
I had kids in school. I'd be raising hell. The Nick Navarro built that multi-billion dollar safety
complex. Yeah. They're a brow at boba. They got enough money for that.
They got enough money to send these cops into the script clubs and the swing clubs.
Right. That's right. And the court cases are going to cost this county probably millions of
dollars to chase a bunch of swingers around. But they never have money for the kids.
And this is the only state that I've seen that has kids going to school in trailers and taking
Jim Quest on painted tarmac. Right. And no showers, no textbooks, and no toilets. We had one kid yesterday
who said they can't even go to the damn toilet because there aren't enough toilets to go around.
I mean, this is disgusting. It's unbelievable. And the nature of the people who live in this
state, I'd say about half of them, their mug won't be a compliment. Okay.
Well, mug won't be an understanding to describe their mentality.
But here's the situation that I don't believe is even when you go up to Palm Beach County,
they got that brand new beautiful multi-billion dollar government complex. Why is it they always
got money to build these? The government is the ones that should be in the freaking trailers.
I said freaking, by the way. That's okay. They should be in trailers and the kids should be going
in the beautiful school. Right. That's right. Why did they just, you know, I'm sure they all want
to go to work in a beautiful place, but hey, you know, where's the priorities? Amen. Have a great day,
Pat. Thank you, million. Good luck to work. So, there's one guy that cares about too many of you
out there, including the mothers. There's a lot of mothers in this place. So, are all the lines working
now or what? How's line seven though? Oh, I think they're all working now. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60.
Thank you, Bell. South, lots of new wives. You guys actually are coming through once in a while.
Floridians done as dirt.
They are the kids who make the flow of the day. They are the ones who make the flow of the day.
So, quit some blaming. It's just close to making the kind you love to find.
It's you that make the flow of the day with destiny. All right. There is another example of what's
wrong with a woman of America. I mean, is there any man, I mean, even Frank Givert can't stand her,
is there one man in America that has any respect and can't see through that picture? No.
No. The woman. Kathy Lee, Oprah, Jenny Jones. Oh, and of course, Oprah from President, baby.
That's f**king bitch. There you go. That's what the reform party says. And just when you think that
maybe we've gotten alternative and that this party is going to turn into something serious,
we should have known all along it could never be serious. Anything that that little big-eared
BDI Torp Ross P. Row started, it could never be serious. Donald Trump and Warren Bani and Oprah
Winfrey and Donald Buck and Mickey Mouse and oh my god. You run Gary Bower, we'll run Papa Bower.
How do you like that? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and what the hell we're going to do to get Billy out of
jail on guiding light God, damn it boy. I'm afraid what's going to happen to him on the inside there.
Here's Volka. Hello. Hey, Neil, what's going on? How you doing, sir? You deserve better than what
that circus is doing down there to you. Yeah, that's for Dan Scher. I always wanted to get
that. You even had funding in this or this? Did you catch that comment that the Buffalo Bill's coach
made about Jimmy Johnson's stuff and on the the flutty flakes and the playoffs last year? No. He said,
I was happy about the win Monday night, but I didn't go stop on a lot of, I can't have hairsprice.
I love it. Beauty. He was classic. Okay, pal, just remember Jimmy sucks.
Oh, okay. Okay. Jimmy, he's an asshole. Right. And they'll stick up for him on his station and
they'll defend him and they'll give you a big song to dance and oh, he's just trying to play
head game near right? Head games. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Weston. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to call and tell you that the
move is just West. All I got to do is take a shower and wash the stink off this small
little town and I'm out of here. Where are you going? Wisconsin. Oh, nice timing by the way. Yeah,
weather's getting good here. Take that up there. Take your parker, baby. Yeah, I got one.
Well, I've a love list to hear. I'll be listed on the internet up there. All right. Good luck, pal.
Thanks, pal. Okay. There's a guy he's bailing out. Can anybody blame him? No. No. I didn't think
you'd say yes. 5, 6, 7, we got 2, 3, I've got open lines here this hour. All of a sudden,
now that we got the phones fixed, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Tavernier. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Maybe somebody could tell me why is it
always today that the bureaucracy and like the management of your stations, these people seem
to be the primaries and the talent and the kids and all that are the secondary. That's right.
We get the shaft. That's right. They got all the big stuff that you get cramped.
What would that crew do without talent on the radio? That means there's something for them to do
during the day to make money or what? I don't know. Maybe a shoe shine stand. I think that's about
their limits. Yeah. Well, another thing too. I don't know if somebody can verify it or not.
It's a kind of hard to shine shoes while you're scratching your head. But anyway,
to remember reading something a while back, or to superintendent of schools,
the date county gets a salary somewhere upwards of 500,000 a year. Yeah. I don't know if that's true or not.
I don't either. And I don't know what he can tell me. We can't we see him instead of that
Sam Donaldson look alike. You mean the guy with the straw here, the black straw? Yeah.
He's a fraud guy. Okay, Paul. Whatever you say. Did that make any sense? What is he doing? No, but he
means well, he just is talking crap. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's
a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Long time listener. About 20 years.
Um, loyal fan of the dolphins. All right. You know, I'm drinking a couple beers for the game. We
we do the tailgate thing. Right. And have something to eat. But I mean, we don't get out of hand.
Don't I pick a bunch of drunken red necks as much as I can. Exactly. Exactly. Well, we're on the third
roast. We don't get to see a whole lot of that. We see everybody looking behind us to find it. But
that it's not too bad. I'll be honest with you. The five years that I went to the dolphin games,
most of the action was in the stands. Yes, it is. Very little on the field. A lot in the stands.
Very little on what by and sorry Saturday. Right. Good. I know there's a lot of snores there, but
you were in and out. Got a little information from Jan Vegas and I was very happy with that. Right.
The school situation around here is just horrendous. Just horrendous. I mean, I've been
attacked there since I've been down here. I have no children. But as much money as I've put into
the school, I should have my own. Yeah. And I just I'm set up with that noise. I have kids
live around me and they're all hanging out in the streets every night. And I just don't know where
everything's going. Okay, pal. Well, have a great time in Vegas. You do the same. Okay. Can I
be sounded like suicidal today? Vegas will cheer you up a lot, sir. Trust me. You'll lose your
ass, but you'll have a hell of a good time. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's not like the world is coming to an end. Is it? Come on. Cheer up a little bit. It's just we're
talking about these things out loud like a build wreck out loud. That's saying you have to get
psychotic about it. We got enough stuff here inside to get psychotic about. We had the people
people knocking on the goddamn ceiling. We had the bell south people that our phone system all
screwed up all morning. And then we had the goddamn fire alarm go off. One morning all before noon.
You show me another radio station in town that can make the claim to that. All right. We're doing it.
Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. What do you just do?
Actually, this isn't a mobile. This is this is this is here's a stationery and coconut creek.
That stationery. How do you do this afternoon? Okay. I just got a couple of things. There's been listening to
the radio station this morning. Jimmy, they're going to call her probably four or five calls to go.
You get it right on the head. Jimmy Johnson is this is egotistical as they come. Is he used to
some success and when he can't get them success, he finds a scapegoat and he uses Dan Marino and
the rest and everybody else on the team. I think I you show me a real man and that man will take the
blame. He'll he'll say the buck stops here. Not a guy that's looking right off the bat after one
loss narrow loss and he's looking to start blaming somebody else. Exactly. I tell you special special
Olympic. That's what they're for. That's what they need to. Hey, one other thing. AT&T what goes
around comes around. Have a good day. Okay. Whatever that means. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the
AT&T what does that anybody know what that means? No. Can't figure it out.
In theaters now from the director of Inspector Gadget the producer of the wood and some makeup
chick from Big Daddy is Inspector Bigwood. Who's your big daddy? Who's my big dad? You know what
your nickname is Mr. Pig. Oh, man. This is cool. I see you. Alright, he's got a big one. Who's
other? Inspector Bigwood. First 50 people. Each movie gets a pre-inspector Bigwood action doll.
Maybe a handful of 12. 12 43 and 5 60 WQ. I'm going to go back to show it.
Shool is it to a clock. We got the Josh Darrow 6 to 7 to kill a dead hour in there.
And then 7 o'clock we got killed. He was a pregame from the Macarena. The King's here tonight.
The LA Kings and your Florida Panthers. It's going to be their night. Come on. Get with it.
Get off your dead ass. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the mobile in Margate. Hello.
Mobile in Margate.
Here's a payphone in Margate. Hello.
Can Barry got a bad payphone by the way. Yeah, I can't only hear you. I'm listening to you
on your show. How's this better? Yeah. Okay. Alright, now you might want to know something about
Marino. He likes a little quote called hot chocolate. Yeah. He was coming out about three.
Okay, good. Great. You can go ahead and hear it. Okay, let's start making personal attacks on Danny
Boyneau. Okay, let's start making personal attacks on Marino because they lost the game.
This is what South Florida is all about. Okay, this was their hero. This was the untouchable man.
This was the man to gladiator so to speak. And now they lost the game and the coach turns on
the quarterback and says it's all his fault and he's old and he's seen out and he's a moron and
he's got a bad arm and he called a bad game and his bad judgment and he's got what do you call it?
Football, football, football, football, football, football,
timers and right away. Hey, guess what? He stole a freight train when he was a little kid and he
come out of some club and he dingles some abroad and there. Oh, God. Here we go. You folks are as
predictable as the guy they weather at the North Pole. The most ungrateful, the most unbelievable
turn, I mean, turning on people like a snake like I said before, like a cornered rat.
Three weeks ago, his stuff didn't stink. It was as pure as the snow. These people would have
eaten it by the table spoon full, not a teaspoon by the table spoon. Here you go. Oh, it's from Dan
Marino. God, there's lunch. And now they lost the game and right away. Oh, you know, Danny Marino,
he's a piece of crap. Ain't done this. Need on it. Like I said before, this town, anything good,
whether it's Neil Rogers, whether it's Dan Marino, whether it's Pavel Buray, whether it's Ray
Whitney, this town doesn't deserve anything good. This town deserves to be exactly what it is,
a freaking banana republic and a place for old people waiting to die. That's all this town is and
it's all it ever will be. That's why kids can't get a decent education here or go to a reasonable
school or get a goddamn lunch at the, during the middle of the day. Because this place is a freaking
joke. You're full, you're playing with yourselves. You're not kidding anybody. You don't have to kiss his
ass if you think he's too old of it. Okay, fine. But you got to crucify the guy now because you lost
the game. Jesus Christ after they beat Denver and at first game, you would have thought they just
won a freaking Super Bowl and then he threw for 40 touchdown passes in one game.
And now it's a tack and a tack and a tack and he likes the place guy. I don't give a crap what he
does. That's his business. That's between him and his family. Okay. And as far as jocks go,
by the way, no matter what the hell he does, as far as jocks generally go, he's several steps
about most of them, especially on this team. Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I just wanted to get your honest opinion on something. I'm down here
17 years. I think you're a classy person. I like you show a lot. Classy. Yeah, you're a good
person. And the other callers that we're calling me being a bills fan. I went to the dolphin stadium
and I spent my money and I was classy enough. I was sitting in a section with some good people.
Classy, yeah. And they were saying that they were classy when I think of Buffalo. You know, well,
we're talking about guy from Rochester who worked in Batavia and his Buffalo. I know, but he
is not the word, but anyway, go ahead. As the game was going on, these people were really nice
and they were congratulating me and I was telling them, hey, it's a game. You guys beat us plenty of
times. Once before I went though, some guys went with Drinking, Drunk Wanted, a jump like girl
from my daughter and myself. And it's just that you don't even want to go to the games no more.
And it just makes it really unbearable. And it's just a game like you said. Right. And
I'm going to put it to place for a bunch of Drunks and Rednecks. Don't you understand that? That's
what football is all about in the deep south. You know, I mean, you go to any sporting event
up north and it's entirely different environment than it is here. Well, I've never been to a Marlin
game which I want to try to take the family to and I heard those were pretty mellow. So I just
want to do that. Right. Okay. Listen when you got your own private section. It doesn't get more
mellow than that. Yeah. And you know, being a bills fan, I just, you know, I'm glad my P1,
but there's the last few years I've been walking out of that stadium and my head down, but I never
punched garbage pales through things and caught people's needs. Yeah, but you're forgetting about some
of the bills fans that were throwing rocks and stuff at the dolphin fans up there a couple of
years. I mean, there's plenty of animals all over the place. You know, I mean, Buffalo's guy
got no hold when it comes to class. There's plenty of disgusting creatures up there too. I'll see
you know, I'll see you like a one. Okay. Good on you. But the point we're making is that when you go
to a football game for some strange reason, I'm like some other sporting events. There is a,
I'm not saying that everybody goes to dolphin games in that category. Only about 70, 80%.
Yeah. There's a few of us Jews and ordinary run of the mill crackers that go to these games.
Couple of shortches. They get free tickets. But generally speaking, you got a bunch of drunken
yaw who's looking for a fight. Like you're always here in Joe Rose. That's all he talks about with
a jet people is about as brother and all is going to come in and kick this one. And that's another
reason why the Panther fans are all bent out of shape because the big spars are P2 World
he's out for five weeks. And our so-called fans, that's their idea of a hockey player. If somebody
that's a goon, it's going to be to crap out of somebody else, which quite frankly, just a few
days into the season. That's the last thing we need a lot more of because we're going to have
some people die before too much longer if it don't stop. It's a red neck. It's a deep south red neck
mentality. Are we in the deep south? Oh, what a surprise. Take a look at the map. Take a look at
that big thing dangling down there. And the state too. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Yes, I just wanted to say off first of all. Sounds like a chronic suspect to me. 567-0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Jupiter. Hello. I've been a dolphin hater ever
since they tried to get us to pay for the Joe Robbie Stadium with taxpayer dollars. But I wanted
to ask a question about Jimmy Johnson. What kind of guy wears his Dallas cowboy Super Bowl rings
when he's coaching the dolphins? What kind of a guy? Yeah. He's an asshole. I think that answers
your question. What does that got to do with the price of a peanuts? This guy's looking at his
ring. Maybe want to date. I don't know. 567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's homestead. Hello.
Yeah. Hi. Neil. Yes, sir. You're absolutely right on target. There are about a couple comments.
First of all, one is concerning with Jimmy. I found out all about him. I'll just speak to myself back
at the festival prior to the game with their conduct and all that when she's left the legacy by the way
at U.M. Yeah. It's followed, you know, that since then after the game again going back to Jimmy.
I'll tell you one thing. Jimmy is the guy who put the coolant in her coolant. Absolutely. Right.
When test the birdie, if you recall, I'd be watching that game. I was in my living room. That's about
what the 84 I believe festival when test the birdie threw that ball into the end zone. Got
intercepted by Shane Conner, Pennsylvania, Penn State, half post game. He said that was all
test the birdie. It was his decision to throw in the end zone. That's when I found out about Jimmy
Johnson. Yeah. He the coach then as he is now for his offends and he's like, you've got no backbone.
He's got no balls. He looks for a scapegoat every time something goes wrong. He's looking to blame
somebody else. He passes. He speaks out of both sides of his mouth. That's right. I'm going to
couldn't make a I wouldn't dare try to call Hank on that because I know I get disconnected. Right.
But that is the absolute. Well, most of the people in the station there for whatever reason they
know they'll criticize all the other teams for what it comes to the dolphins. They're all scared
crapless of a Jimmy Johnson. I don't know what that's all about. Well, maybe because the hitter
hair he's got. That might be it. And on my other comment, I was going to make you're again on the
money. You are the sportsman when it comes about this education system. I've been down here like
20 years and I tell you I've seen the deteriorate almost nothing. And I'm an avid sportsman, but
to see that people have to prioritize about and take sports. Select to take that when they're
education. Yeah. Kids are in a modular dorms trailer. Right. And then also like I'm here in
day. Portable classrooms. Whoever heard us such a thing. Yeah. And we got a guy from the
Dallas down here trying to a listen 20 what 26.5 million dollars by a circle. What the hell is that?
Yeah. 25 million dollars. So they can have a circle jerk. And don't forget the 29 million
that they wasted at the airport on a project that they started and it got all screwed up and
now they can't get the money back. So there's another 29 million that would have bought a lot of
textbooks, a lot of lunches at school time at lunch time. I mean, and the public does it's back
here. And all they care about is that the dolphins win a game on Monday night. Yeah. My regret in that
instance is that I'm sorry. I didn't I didn't work hard. When I get a part time job, I put my kids
to private school because they didn't end up all that straight because of what's going on in
these schools right now. Yeah. But anyway, that's that's something, you know, the water
underneath the bridge. And my closing comment I had a suggestion on them. Maybe you're one of your
drops there for since Roy uses yours. Why don't you change it to Roy? Okay. Have a great day.
Okay. What do you say Roy? Is that what he said? 5 6 7 0 5 6 the 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Yes, sir. Give me Johnson as a joke. I'm pretty well. I had pops at a racer in his column when he
married his long-time girlfriend. During the ceremony, he held the bottle of beer one in.
But my main agent for struggling is the way you know that the NFL.
Yes, the NFL is overrated over pay get this short of season. The world of major sports and
I'm thrown in January five months. Once a week they play 60 minutes a week 30 minutes and
often 30 minutes and 20 seconds. Having county special teams. Right. 30 minutes a week
for millions of dollars or hundreds of thousands of dollars. Now is that over paid or what?
Amen. Amen. Thank you. From your mouth to somebody's to Jimmy's rectum. Right. Okay. Thanks.
5 6 7 0 5 60. That guy to call me yesterday to give crying. Oh boy. A lot of crying been going
on around here lately about the jocks and about oh they're not getting paid too much and they
don't get paid all their money up front. Whatever the hell he was talking about. I remember back at
IOD a few years ago when somebody got a hold of one of Jose Can suck those pay stubs and made a
copy and fasted to us. With like 870 thousand bucks for two weeks and I realized not everybody's
a superstar and not everybody gets paid like Jose Can suck a fine upstanding guy from
La Saplora. But nevertheless your priorities are totally absolutely unacceptable and upside down
and that was the same guy who gave us the brilliant observation that the back street boys are
making all of this money as if that has something to do with jocks. And like I said yesterday we don't
build stadiums. We don't build arenas so that in sync or the back street boys or Barbara Streisand
or anybody else can come and perform in them. They come to communities and they perform
just like that cross-sky amphitheater that outside joke up there in Palm Beach County. If that's
where they have to go to appear because their record label owns that thing and sends them there
that's where these guys go. I'm gonna go down Cow Pass you somewhere and they don't come to town
and say oh all you taxpayers out there build us a nice new spec and arena somewhere so we can
perform for you and then charge you while off for the tickets. That's the best part of the deal.
Build us an arena and then we'll turn around and if you want to come and see the event
then we're gonna charge you we're gonna soak you through the nose.
So thank God for Glen say they're in thank God for someone and even cheap Harry Sinden
there are Boston thank God for some of these Ahaki people that are finally saying no.
You don't want to take this offer? Go go have a good time we'll send you the Siberia Demetri.
That thing would Glen say they're an Edmonton that was one of the greatest moments in a
merrily one Canadian and American history. You don't want the million dollars. I hope you enjoy
your retirement kid. All of a sudden the day or two later oh guess what I'll take the million thank
you. He's signed the contract he's on the ice he's kissing their goddamn ass.
This little spartan there for his million dollars. The meter you're scared of he could be
shoveling cow crap inside Beria and he's turning down all that money and finally he's oh yeah okay
I'll take it and they said well listen don't hurry up here okay take your time I'll let you know
what to report oh no I'll drive up there I live in Jersey. No no I just take your time
when you get here that'll be soon enough. Big hot shots.
By the way Cory Cross looks pretty good baby. Oh! All you leaf fan out there.
Oh my god! It's the one to do our
this ball on CBS meet a small town free to speak the word of god and adds a few choice words
of his own. It's Father Tourette's mystery. We really believe it. We are gobbards here today
to join together. This fucking fucking little fucking mother in Holy Mactormon.
Father Tourette's mystery a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago hopeless
and NYPD Blue Ball. Oh my god! You're just like a little poor bad monger and you're
fucking bastard here. Sunday this fall spent an hour with Father Tourette right after an all
lonely hot TVF. You could pick that up by a pre-trial tool. Yeah.
102 at 560 WTQ. So anyway you notice no comment at all in fact it's been almost even worse than
the thing with the adkins that which I guess that's you know either they're doing it or they're not
doing it and they're losing it or they're not but at any rate the adjacent Ventura thing it
just astonishes me does it really astonish me? No. That sounds good. That there's no comment
and it's he's an audience of mine nobody seems to give a crap. I mean here finally this is like a
it's like we finally have reached the crossroads in American history where somebody who's like
a the governor of a state within less than a week a governor of one state in Mexico comes out and
says that we ought to legalize drugs the war on drugs is a farce and I don't agree with them on
cocaine and heroin by the way but certainly marijuana no no tell me that thing's going to start
going off again. Did you hear that? Did I hear it my heart's a god yeah the god damn fire alarm
started again oh that's all we need. Jesus, K Christ and Mary too. So the governor in New
Mexico says that which we talked about yesterday at least I talked about and then we had to call
from the son of one of our listeners up there who's involved fighting tooth and nail to try to
bring this country to its senses but of course he's fighting a multi-billion dollar establishment
the DEA and all of that crap and then we got the governor of Minnesota who says religion is a
sham and a scam and a bunch of bull crap for weak need people for weak minded people who feel
strength in numbers and want to be part of some kind of a stupid club basically that's what he
said to which I say absolutely correction and I also say all right and he and here the hero
again because naturally he's got don't you understand the mainstream media now if gotta make him look
bad because he's done the un-American thing he's attacked organized religion you cannot do that in
America that's why you got your headline reform leader slam Ventura but the guy who's going to be
the new leader of the reform party starting January 1 the new head of the party says he's
beginning email running five to one in his favor and he thinks it's all a bunch of crap I
tapest in a pee pot or something like that he said P in your a pee pot but the media got to make him
a just like Tim russet there on a goddamn meat depressed Sunday morning there's a piece of crap
for you that Tim russet talk about an establishment shill and whore and his wife still don't know
what a guy didn't glory hole is here's a mobile in North Miami hello okay sir come on in a
comment on the article today in the herald regarding Jesse Ventura how they want to house him
from from because what if what he said about religion you know you know what he believed what he
said or not we let the religious not say the horse crap that they always talk about I think it's
crazy and we don't say let's house them why can't he have yeah we're right how come how come
it's the un-American when you say something you don't believe in religion it's a bunch of bull
crap right if you go under and you're proselytizing preach a bunch of nonsense and fairy tales
then it's okay and a bunch of hate at the same time yeah it's so American feel to have so
called our free speech so much we doesn't believe in in organized religion lessons have that right
to say that I don't understand why people get so it's off let the house and that's in the
opinion we don't ask uh pat you can and every time you said something because he said that
you know they didn't kill enough Jews or whatever it was he said we don't kick him out of their
party yeah I just I just didn't even in yet it's so damn hypocritical and I had another comment
you're talking about the the salaries of sports players yeah uh well it's it's true these guys make
a lot incredible amount of money for for stuff that they should not be making this much money
because what else would they be doing and it's a shame because you know who brought this upon
themselves the owners and the fans why can't play really the fans more the only well the fans
we've got nothing with the well the fans have the thoughts that I've made a long time ago well
yeah the fans keep going to the games but that's right but you know but the thing is it's really
the owners because it's just like I don't really follow hockey that much but like you said the guy
from where Edmonton yeah he didn't pay the the black guy all that money right and there's a
whole thing the other owners a lot of them are doing the same thing too they've stopped with it
you know just because they realized that if they keep doing this to very soon another couple of
years they'll all be out of business exactly and I'll tell you what the baseball owners screwed
themselves that game is going to be 10 years right yeah I'm telling you right now in 10 years that
game it's going to be it's it's it's what I'm saying because these salaries are incredible and
football if they get if the only thing about football is the salaries aren't guaranteed which
is a which is a great favor and favor of the owners because if a player doesn't produce you
in cut him you don't have to pay him all that money so I think football will always be all right as long
as the salary but if not all right and all that it goes back to greed it goes back to expansion if
they cut out a half a dozen teams in in at least half a dozen in baseball but a half a dozen in
football hockey basketball and baseball then maybe it starts in some quality but you've got all these
these minor league guys these these marginal guys that are making a million and a half and two
million dollars a year they couldn't play triple a baseball five years ago and then you guys
got like Jay Bell and 38 homers right now his salary is gonna pump up because this guy can now
hit 38 homers he can he can do the golf ball right it's just thing I'm settled with my hate
baseball now I don't even watch it next one okay countdown pal have a great thing hysterical hysterical
like in a godfather she's hysterical Connie well how's Carlo doing won't you him no more
five six seven oh five sixty and you know it's interesting the lottery isn't it interesting
when everybody knows the lottery is the worst bet in the world the biggest sucker bet going and when
the jackpot see most of us don't ever buy a lottery ticket and even when it gets big I don't buy
them anymore I used to buy got sucked into that because it's a it's a psychological thing it's a
bandwagon thing oh the jackpotting fifteen minutes now it's sixty minutes and it's eighty
million a hundred minutes and you still haven't got a chance in hell and winning it and that's how
we're gonna raise our money for education and the meantime the education is a piece of crap we don't
want to have casinos here and yesterday on our front page I think I was the herald is the big story
about the internet gambling and how it's just getting started and they're ricketed billions of
dollars already and about the legal aspects are still kind of up in the year so it's like all
offshore and whatever else God forbid that we had casinos here and we really had this place
cranking round the year round not this seasonal bull crap that the season keeps getting shorter
and shorter as you people in business though I'm talking about twelve months out of the year this
place would be a hop and it would be thriving we'd have so much goddamn money we wouldn't know
what to do with it oh but we don't want to have that because then we'll have cry we'll have
to say it again the two newspapers the money herald and the sun sent it there is such a thing
as an anti-Christ and the troupe of cabra you are it you be it you were disgrace five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line holy mackenon this is jobal on the voice
of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
tonight on masterpiece the Tourette syndrome player present six fields Romeo and Juliet what like
through yarn window break it is the east and Juliet is the
what you pay you play it
presentation of Romeo and Juliet on tonight not see it so how's the weather why do you
do it by the way oh he's old and ugly damn it one fourteen at five sixty wqm you know there's
so many people that we just like to kind of freeze in time you know what I'm saying never
age a day I can make such a long list of people you like to kind of freeze like look in the
way that they did it a particular time because they get then they get old and grotesque like what's
his name for my three sons Robbie what that was his name Don Grady got him my sharp my sharp or what
no sorry so him you know when they had when her other was doing those shows before they finally
decided her other was too boring and they wanted to watch the springer but anyway they bring back
all those goddamn daytime there was sitcom people oh god old ugly it's like the VH one stuff
I mean it's interesting you know when you see all these old rock stars and what happened to them
and you look at like Jan Berry like I said a couple of weeks ago Jesus you still haven't seen that
heavy oh my god he's like he looks like a combination of Igor and quasi-moto take the worst
features from both and you've got what Jan Berry looks like today here's a mobile in Wellington hello
now to much of that sidewalk surf and yes sir how you don't sir okay I got two things
okay first one's real quick I saw Gene Deckerhoth last night and he's lost 47 pounds in three months
on the active really he's great by the way one of the all-time great Gene Decker huh yeah he's
down here he was that's the Brad last 90s at the day seven all tonight there's a little broadcast
to for you oh yeah and the second thing is that talk about the egotistical coaches if you
if the skaters ever lose the game one of the best things to do is watch the spurious show the
next day yeah he blames every player quarterback if you had a guy that three touchdown passes but the
guy dropped the pun it's great other thing on the battle right drop the puck yeah oh he's
another good old boy he's another Yahoo yeah but he's definitely a typical yeah all right thank
that I have a great thing okay yeah I think that that lost to Alabama nice going air game yeah bring
him back to earth a little bit love watching that spurious just like I watched the love watching
did cut throw the headset to ground when they blew that 10 nothing lead with a couple of minutes
to go in and oh my god the whirlwinds lose beating a the Chicago 10 nothing and winds up losing 14 to 10
nice going there and right back at his old stop and grounds there too he was stopping on it
see some it's it's like Woody Hayes and Bear Bryant and some of these other people their entire
lives are immersed in that one terminal unimportant meaningless thing that's so important to them
and it becomes psychotic over they just become delusional I think Jimmy is like right on the
edge or maybe just over the edge you think he's over there yeah here's a mobile and four-lotter
Dale hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir I haven't listened to your show for a long time
fact I still got the flock buffalo shirt that you and Randy Rhodes signed years and years ago all right
listen I uh I got to comment on this Jimmy Johnson thing yeah sure I left few years ago when
a couple years ago when he four shoe out and actually setting up to be kicked out you there's
a great everybody everybody knows that yeah grand canyon of difference between class and these
two people you would never hear Don Shula stand up on the podium and say yeah you know my defense
stuck in the soft time all of the dotties fall right now that's an excellent point you know you
know he sees uh you don't you don't air your dirty laundry in public if you've got a problem
with one of your players you know it's you know it's a weathing it's a teen thing and just one last
comment I mean you know when a fish stinks it stinks from the head down thanks hey man thank you sir
in fact that was the first to remember what Jimmy said the first thing he started as dolphin coach
first thing he said five six at least he was honest five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a 18 t line here's Miami hello hello yeah sir how you doing okay um you got
absolutely 100 percent right when you say the fans you suck they do okay we got the worst fans
by far in the whole nation okay Neil I'm gonna see something you hold it for seven years
whatever realistic I mean name me a great money back that marina said had to help you know
with the pack not one yeah I was I was shaving this morning I was thinking to myself since the days
of Larry Zaka and Jim kicked a wonderful shoe with a since those days what great right I mean you
know they had they had Andre Franklin was he great no they had the Mercury Morris was he great no
I'm a smith yeah they they had Mark Higgs was he great of course not I mean they've never had a great
running game all the years that he's been there and every year it's the same story oh we got
to develop the running game we're gonna do this we're and it never happens it's really happened
this year I mean all we've been hearing about is the hype from preseason about oh my god this
tremendous depth and he's got this JJ John Foghine he's got he's got Cecil Adizel and
and and nothing happens you know including Neil Marcello is John Henry go back to Ethiopia you
crazy bastard okay Ethiopia all right all right there's one of the great calls in history
what else that John Henry thinking about doesn't get the message I must be crazy I must be
and by the way Bud C like another nice job baby met's in Arizona here's here they're plugging
the east you know the subway series Yankees and the Metz which could happen now
and they both win big last night and they got that game on 11 o'clock Eastern time in Arizona
nice going but instead of having a game yesterday like at one at four and at eight which
would make all the sense in the world instead of doing that they have the games at four and
730 and 11 o'clock in night here's Fort Myers hello hi Neil yes sir hey I was read an article
in science at the American in September and I thought she'd find this was interesting they did
a survey of scientists and asked them two questions whether or not they believe in a god you can
communicate with and whether or not you believe in an afterlife and the general group of scientists
40% believed in believed in a god or answered those two questions yes and then they also did like
a special group like the highest the cream of the crop of scientists America called the
national academy of sciences and it was less than 10% answered yes positive questions how do you
like that so maybe there is some truth sounds like the surveys they take in Western Europe in
country after country we're like 80 90% of the people and they ask them do you believe in god they say no
I thought you'd appreciate that thank you sir there's still some hope you got to get 800 numbers
like crashing more often very soon okay thanks a lot thank you how do you like that very soon that's
the rumor anyway we're going to be having 800 numbers so you people over there in the west coast
over in Fort Myers and the environments and people listening on the internet all over the world can
call us but it's a real cheap outfit and so I had to just about basically threaten to walk out
here to get them to do anything if they've done it yet no supposedly they're working on it
any day now any moment I would imagine right around the same time that we get those discs
we've done for center one let's see these do we know when that's going to happen 5 6 7 by normal
normal tell us normal cancel or get the information for us then we'll be all set you know I think
you're right that's a great match normal can't and screw and win it maybe we can get them to a
loop together huh maybe normal wake up one day and have a great lust in his heart for throw the
rice for some trouble making bitch get them to a loop oh what a match made in purgatory norma
and screw in 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 pack of a sandwich pound 5 60 on the AT&T line here's a mobile
in-line house point hello Neil yes sir I'm glad to see that there's finally spot on the dial for
for the official Jimmy Johnson bashing I'll tell you got a pal 10 to 2 right here in his spot he
makes me want a puke well I'll tell you what if you remember fears ago in Don Schule went through
that lynching and everybody kept calling up the talk shows oh let's let's get Schule out
able spring and Jimmy you know I kept telling him you know what you don't know what you're getting
into you don't know what you have in Schule here and the only thing I can say to those people is
well you want it Jimmy now you got him thank I want to know is like all those people like Joe Rose
you know Joe Rose had a had a big personal food reshule to begin with right it guys like Joe Rose
and Bob was shoes and all these people with and Dan Lempitar everybody that's uh you know we're
taking shots of Schule where are they now why aren't they saying anything about Jimmy uh-huh I mean
we all never got any money he's got that he's got the naked pictures naked pictures yeah
holes guys that's why nobody dares pick on Jimmy's that naked pictures all the jocks real with ghost
yeah everybody knows Jimmy's from mainstream like it said yesterday there you go okay pal have a great
day that corn churrospecial that's what he said we got a shot got a shot and they're crumbling
man they're just falling apart a house divided a house in chaos because they lost a game
like like what was he expecting was he expecting to go undefeated I mean is this a madman uh-huh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's some rise hello hi yes sir I just want to tell
you that I I cracked up right when that fire alarm went off and you played all three of those
laughing things oh my god I know I just do what my pants I know that was hot most dead dude that was
great Neil and looked like he lost it but I know better than that no I just to keep rolling the
long man I'm waiting for that paycheck in a couple of days that's great days you're in countdown
and put it away put it back 5 6 7 0 5 60 pop 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line he squeezed in it baby
I mean so tight that yeah you know we get through I mean we're I got news for you listen if training
is got if your endurance is lengthened by training you follow what I'm saying the we're we're
ready to go the marathon here at this radio station because we have endured air v ops to go
I shouldn't say that because every day we think well you know we we've met them all but then we
get new ones like today like the cable people hocking up on and you know something what a concept
after I screamed and hollered about it our program director in between the crying Jags when I
said to them well how about coming back someday in the afternoon like what Hank is out doing
to show it's chulas like today or all these other places he's doing and we got all those hours
in the afternoon we don't have to worry about noise and oh what a concept it's called having a
brain it's called planning a little bit it's called having consideration we're not asking to get
on on your hands and knees in a building and kiss my ass or Georgia smelly rectum or anybody else
but all we're asking is have a little consideration there's a goddamn high rated important freaking
stupid goddamn radio show going on here between 10 and 2 that's all and then we get the phone
thing in here because Bellsoft is usual does know they're asked from their rectum and then we get
the goddamn fire alarm going on all of us before noon well before noon
not to mention that when it comes to those CDs that we're trying to get repressed the answer is
we're still trying to pin that whole thing down and get that straightened out so we can wipe the
egg off our pus and the Greg Reed keeps putting on it and that's the one thing about the people in
this joint no matter how good of a job you try to do no matter how professionally you try to do
it you'll always can be sure that Greg Reed will put egg on your pus because in
embarrassment is our middle name just like that day that Sam the sham had that ad it was last
year during the Alphan season remember that Alphan program got my name mentioned there spelled it wrong
with a D exactly but it was in there didn't make any sense but it was in there here's a mobile in
Miami hello mobile in Miami you yes sir hey I'm not a mobile but it's okay here's a stationary in
Miami what's up man how you doing uh listen out report the break I was listening to you talking about
how gambling would bring crime to Miami and all that's what they're all right and I just came
back from Vegas I walked around that city at around 4 30 no problem six o'clock in the morning never
felt safer in my life okay and I can I cannot believe that we couldn't get gambling passed in a city
like Miami isn't this pathetic yeah and and anyway um I'm a huge fan of yours and I listen
literally every day and I'm going to Amsterdam next year and I'd want to know if I would
if I can expect kind of the same thing I expected in Vegas last because I want to Vegas after
listening to you talk really good about it you know not as much gambling a lot more weed
well and a lot more and a lot more sex that's the important thing and better
to be able to walk around the street 24 hours a day man no problems at all all right man keep keep
up the good work god thanks a lot hey there's a guy who smarties go to Vegas go to Amsterdam
keep going to real places we're living and breathing people are hallelujah not here not this back water
uh some pump that we live in this septic tank you can almost smell it oh god that was a good one
I'm telling it last several days with things have been around here I got to check my undies
every day when I walk out to my car 27 and I noticed the old parts in that condo building I'm
going to have to go back to the window to 27 after one at five sixty double to Q a m can beat that
greater man some of the most popular shows on TV today are Springer Montel, Sally Jesse and Lisa
have you ever wondered how they get their death they subscribe to white trash directory if you are
white trash and you are not in the directory you could be missing out on an opportunity to expose
your dirty laundry on TV and become an instant star you may be saying to yourself hey I'm not white
trash but I'm just as low class as the trans and sluts I see on TV not to worry the white trash
directory divided into two sections white trash and ethnic low life each section is subdivided
into over a hundred discussing and perverted category so call today and get yourself listen
for only 1995 and we'll be seeing you on TV how far I want 34 are the football games 132 at five
sixty wqm here's a fact from Tim who says in fact he signs it thank Neil God I don't have kids
Tim his girlfriend works at Margate Elementary as a teacher's aid and she's been there for 15
years only makes about 11,500 dollars a year she's responsible for getting the kid out on off the
buses without getting one over and aiding at least 10 teachers during the course of the day anyway
last night she was in and there's a line here sorry Tim but his line didn't come out in the
facts but if that's something about they had just purchased a new portable for the school for
twenty thousand dollars this is Margate Elementary they put the thing way on the other side of
the baseball field so the kids can walk in the rain to get there and you have to lift up the front
door to get in there are holes in the floor it's stinks it stinks and it has a heater inside of an
AC unit money well spent and the good news is that can jam 35 kids out science thank Neil God I
don't have kids and this is the kind of education that you people here in a state of Florida this is
what the way you want to treat your kids this is your idea of sending your kids off the school to
be treated well to be learned in a great environment and then you wonder do you how come all those
crap go on I'm going to tell you something seriously anybody who would consider including
Tim Smith and Fort Lauderdale anybody who would consider shelling for John Henry or any other
guy I mean take a look at the American Airlines arena the mayor mr mr. penis he put that one
over on you real good and day county you suckers he stuck it to you he stuck his foot in his neck
right up your neck don't stuff it to you they're gonna be losing money handover limperist in that
place they're not gonna come close to filling up that joint you talk about desperate I thought
it was bad when Pat Riley was breaking down and doing a duff on those TV ads and crying on TV
but now they got to buy a full page ad in the newspaper and they're offering nosebleed tickets
for eight nine bucks a game because they're desperate to fill up those seats in their expensive
new arena that you're gonna be subsidizing from now until the day that they tear it down
just like that empty Miami arena that isn't gonna bring in any more revenue ever again and
Tim Smith got the nerve to say to me yesterday oh yeah well it's guaranteed it's gonna
bring 300 million dollars in revenue let me say it again these venues as they're called
generate little or no revenue for the owners they do and whoever else has got their finger in the
pie but for the community the answer is no now let me tell you this I'm still trying to find out
who's got that property you know in the middle of that slum there in Fort Lauderdale I'm still
trying to find out who that is think I got a pretty good idea not for them not there's there's
any conflict of interest you understand here's a mobile and pepper pine hello yes yes I am
well you know say that everybody's talking about this just event you're a thing yeah
what I'm trying to figure out is why is he knocking religion when in fact it can instill some
traditional values morals and then in the interview they were asking them about the religious
writer was taking out a context first of all but they were asking them about the religious right
and that was his response right and it's right when he started knocking the people you know like it
makes weak people belong to yeah that's right that's correct you know that that that really I mean
I'm not a big religious fanatic but I you know I grew up in a Catholic religion the family
the problem we've been brainwashed and well no I'm not even talking about me let me ask you a question
seriously I mean you're you're entitled to believe whatever you want but the whole thing with a
catholic church with a silly old man with the big smatha honest head you know and he's got all
these robes on he's wearing a dress you know and all these bag priests pretending to be something
that they're not and giving and giving marriage advice you know here and here are a bunch of bags
wearing dresses and they're giving advice sexual advice to couples I mean does that make any sense
but it's not that's not the entire I'm not I'm not here to promote Catholicism no I understand that
but I'm just saying that I'm asking you and I'm still I got him still a lot of moral discipline
I took from my religious background growing up going to church every Sunday going to
Catholic school the whole deal I you know I feel I'm a decent person I'd like to share that
yes so what we want to do is wrong with DNA what's wrong with the philosophy it says you
parents teach their kids you don't do any harm what's wrong with why do you need religion to do
well you know you know it's not working my wife's a teacher and the the parents want the
teachers to teach that which has to come from the parents in the beginning yeah and and and
what I you know I'm in law enforcement and today's youth society is really going into toilet
I mean it's really really bad my wife's a teacher I see it out on the streets and it's really
kids need some form of guidance and you know I'm just saying let me bring you the family you know
you know out there in little tin calorano and in Arkansas all these other you know these kids
killing kids we've had a whole epidemic of these last couple of years right each and every one
of those cases these were an atheist these were kids that were brought up in very religious families
in fact the one a couple of the kids there in Arkansas and Jonesboro the first thing that they
wanted to talk to was their minister right so they all been brought up and what is religion have to
either you're taught right from wrong or you're not you don't need religion to do that
I'm not saying you need religion but religion is something that a family does together and like
a lot of parents nowadays they they had these kids and they can't wait till they get 18 to kick them
out I was a lot of the way that home toilet let me give you my two word answers are forced
sterilization okay that's the greatest answer in the history of mankind forced sterilization
because you know what they they're an old cliche but it's very true the rich get richer in the
four-meg babies and god this country and the whole world that is so god damn true you can thank the
Pope by the way for a lot of that and now that they forget they're the forgiving the debts for
all these properties tricking countries they're gonna be making babies like crazy I mean like
courts courts courts courts courts court court court court court court court court court court court
me a screwing up a storm see overpopulation is a very very dangerous thing too many babies too
many unwanted babies too many crazy people just 150 million people becomes 270 million people
like that almost overnight and that's why we don't have enough schools we don't have enough
teachers we don't have enough law enforcement people we don't have enough in addition to which
the people that we do have a law enforcement since this guy says that he's in it they're busy
arresting people like the guy that called earlier they for a pin joint somewhere in this car
a roach a roach I think we all better head for the roach motel and then they can have a big bus
yeah all up sheriff Ken fascist Ken and his stormtroopers in the in the bs they're in
Broward in fight him to the roach motel we can have a big major but we'll call in channel seven
whatever extensions will be squatting over the top of the motel going like that
too many people too many unwanted babies too many people making babies without giving any
fault to it too many babies with no daddy with no mommy with no with nobody I ain't got nobody that
would be the mercantine theme song I ain't got nobody yeah right isn't that what the soul is
always crying about up there in heaven I ain't got nobody yeah I mean a soul it's like
geez I know I'm here but I can't see nothing I can't hear I got no brainer I ain't got nobody
can't have a good time all those people down in hell they're burning but they can't feel it
whatever does it make they've got nobody stop and think about that for a second you're
gonna burn hell but you got no brain you got nobody you can't feel it so let's go out and have a
time oh Jacob
Roger Scott Georgie Bush says that his nose is clean and never put the planet
because he's running for the wide house so he just can't do it
stone drunk and that's not all he even down the beautiful
you can't he drunk with you he even dropped the mountain too
why won't George just come out and simply say he did it
he preferred the prep would shut their mouth
so the summer year got them business he did more than what you think
but he washed it down the sea and he preferred cocaine to have
that's the question that he does and he made his point much clearer like a razor on a mirror
but he wants the tubelies that he didn't do anything
Georgie Bush says that his nose is clean and never put the planet because he's running for the wide house
so he's got that good man Georgie's clean Georgie's clean
Georgie's clean
145 at 560 WDQ I'm gonna thank Wilbur show from Shula State to
come up in two o'clock this afternoon it'll be real interesting to see we get
I'm sure we'll get the Jimmy and the Danny thing back again with the audience
throwing darts back at each other oh he stinks he's out yeah right
whatever you say guys what have you done for his lately like a couple of days ago
here's for Lauderdale hello hey God yes sir
you're talking about the days of download about the thrown out
I think we should have picked up but grand from the fake ends
in general now you're talking no let's bring back but grand and our George Blanda if we like
one quarterbacks thank you he was pretty mobile wasn't he no no these gravel George Blanda
was only 80 years old no still did okay maybe we could watch Jim plunkett 5 6 7 0 5 6
5 6 8 or just Jacob just bring Jacob in here okay and just shut off the lights
into the microphone here's Miami hello Neil how you doing pretty good sir
well I heard you talking about the dolphins and I know you normally don't like to
talk about sports but I figure I call in and take advantage of this is more
this is more than just sports my friend this is about a community that doesn't
know they're asked for me it's elbow and Neil there's nothing like turning
into talk radio on a day following a dolphin's loss
right oh these people are psychotic it's true the the team is hysterical the community is hysterical
I mean maybe I'm wrong but didn't they just lose one game Monday night right it's only the first
lot of the season right one game uh Neil I still have the recordings of uh
Shula's last game do you remember that when Buffalo ran up and down on the dolphins for about
300 yards yes sir do you remember how fanatical this time was following that loss right
well I still have those tapes and and I take I listen to them every so often I mean it was
truly a beautiful thing to do okay pal all right thank you don't squeeze it too tight okay
yeah that's how I feel I'm ecstatic that they lost I mean what the other why care I'm I like
the Patriots and they stink too by the way they're one of the worst four no teams in the history of the
game they played one of I mean you know if you got to see this is another thing it kills me
most of the people they call this radio station in fact most of the people that work on this radio
station they don't have those satellites dish so how are they making all these brilliant comments
about all the other games that they don't see I don't understand it every single Sunday I see
almost at least parts of almost every game I saw the bears come back and win at the game in the
last few seconds against the New Orleans I saw the almost the entire New England that prosthetic
performance against the American Legion Brown team and Cleveland you know I see all of this stuff
and these people are blah blah blah they all got a big opinion they don't even have anything
seen what they're talking about that's the favorite thing in South Florida everybody's got a big
mouth everybody's got an opinion they know what they're talking about right right you're
supposed first of all friends right who says you must be responsible for all that stuff being
piled I didn't say that I just thought I would throw more calls on the fire since we need more
angst here's Lauderdale by the sea hello yeah Neil yes sir I've been in the gaming business
for 30 years be tired I sit and listen to you every day well thank God for me right and you're
in for the big right here okay okay number one I hope you have a pen for paper so you're
we'll get things I want a ballpoint pen okay no problem that's what I got and paper your station I
admired for taking off commercials for offshore betting which they did well when they did it
because the state made us to you don't think we would do that voluntarily do you all right let me
ask your question but here's Raymond man well don't admire us too much please well don't lose
your perspective on life but I hear you advertising a seminal yeah and let me ask your question yeah
let's get down to basic facts uh-huh are you gonna knock one of my sponsors now sir I have to
no no you don't have to because you're not gonna do it I love the seminal Indians and we love them
and they love us and that's the way it is we don't knock the sponsors okay and let me say it again
the only reason that the offshore gambling spots vanish from the station is because the state said
I can't run nose it's illegal oh gee yeah it's illegal we only had six of them yeah right
let me say it again when I came to this rate not that I want to pat myself on the back
when I came to this radio station 90% 95% of the commercials were for
paramutuals including some that are going to be going out of business very soon
paramutuals I don't want to mention names uh limp penises and gambling ships and offshore gambling
that that's it that's it right there that's it that's all there was two years ago
I will never ever forget coming to this and doing at first the week worth of shows
and wondering I mean where's the real spots where the spots were like you know card dealers and
the real businesses and the clothing stores and retail outlets and like you know stuff like
real legitimate where are they that's what it was all about so if you I mean this is a station
that still runs one show spots so you think we're going to take spots off for offshore gambling
because we're ethical boy you're you really got to write your material man you're hysterical
