Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami 4 Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560, oh free, redade and brown, or pound 560 on yourself.
Here are the opinions of Neil, his guest, Paul Erzer.
Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions for the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Peter?
Yeah, we're in that.
Peter, how you doing?
I'm alright darling, how you doing?
I got that manified, huh?
I got that manified.
Why'd you get fired at your hypocritical f**k?
Oh f**k you man!
F**k you f**k!
Why does manicrant call the station?
What is his problem?
It's Friday, you bastard.
Yeah.
The
channel is below as you've got huge buns.
Hiding under it, it's literally the sun.
There are parts of you that will never stand.
Nothing flows under your giant canton.
The philope is with sun.
So wave with slow again.
You can't believe that your f**k wide main.
Let us know when it stops flowing.
10 out of 205 50 WQM.
One day, Bucke Brian's got a great purity.
But at any rate, what?
It's going to be great.
So speaking of that, low and behold, since I'm always about 50 yards ahead of the rest of the pack,
the rat pack, open up my hair all this morning.
I'm flipping through it on a paper too.
Susan Miller-Degnan, kind of a name of Zan.
She's got an article in here called Student Body.
It's right there on a sports page.
All you people that were Jones and the C.J.P.
are pretty close to it.
Don't have to go to Abercrombie and Fitch and get the catalog today.
Because on page 10, in the sports section, there is the cover of the Abercrombie and Fitch summer dreams catalog.
In our guarantee, it will make a lot of people in this audience dream when they see that and they won't all be women, but nevertheless.
And here's a big piece on the pop-of-its.
And not only is university of Miami Safety Jeff Pop-of-its a hell of a guy, a whale of a guy, but he's got a 3.6 GPA in biomedical engineering.
He's a genius.
He's smart.
He's hot and he's smart.
How do you like that?
He holds for kicks and extra points, plays on the punt block and kickoff coverage units.
He also threw a 15-yard touchdown pass to tight end, above a Franks, off a fake field goal against Pittsburgh in 97,
ran back a fumble for a touchdown during his freshman season, and returned to fake field goal for a touchdown last season.
And if anybody thinks that they're going to want to mess with this guy, because he's a male model and he's almost naked on the Abercrombie and Fitch catalog,
guess what?
He was the 97 UM strength athlete of the year, meaning he will kick the living snot out of you.
That's what it means.
That's quite an article here about him and his brother Doug, who turns out to be four years older,
while they still could be identical twins, don't you think?
No.
No.
And even it says, Ivan Mercer, a UM tight end.
What is this thing about tight ends, you know?
Transfer from Orange Coast Junior College in Costa Mesa, California is in the same catalog, which I don't have with me, by the way.
I'll have to bring it in Monday and take a peek.
It says the 6,7,230 pound blue-eyed blonde Mercer, who can be found on page 50 with a female draped over his back,
had no idea pop of it, which show up separately for the modeling shoot on Isle of Marotta last February.
The modeling shoot, Scorch, they were shooting it.
And the picture is too.
Which leads me to one day, you know, unlike the wrestling profession, which I think we pretty much got that down to a science now,
that whole wrestling thing, you know, high school, college, professional, 99% faggots, you know.
But I think that the thing with male models, I mean, I'm not saying I don't know.
I have no idea whether known as Jeff Popovich and his brother Doug, and Ivan Mercer, any of these guys.
We don't know, nor is it really anybody's business, but nevertheless, one can only assume that someone as manly as Jeff Popovich
would have to be strikingly virile, wouldn't you assume that?
No.
You sure you will, come on.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Huh?
So maybe we have people who have been in the modeling, like male models, who are head of a sexual, maybe we'll hear from some of the day, you think so?
No.
Yeah.
Come on.
They can't all be Mata Kones, can they?
I mean, we already ran down a few weeks ago, about 4,000 other occupations where there are no straight people in it.
There's got to be some straight people out there somewhere.
Let's think about the umpires, by the way.
Finally, after all these years, what is it about? A hundred years, finally, Dan LeBaster wrote something that makes sense.
I'm going, Danny Boy.
Can't wait to hear you on 1900 on the dial, too.
Dan LeBaster says, rebuttal the umpires, why wait to quit?
He goes on a great length to say, and he's right.
Absolutely correct.
Once you're arrogant, out of shape, fat, disgusting pigs, led by that asshole, Richie Phillips, the majorly gunpires,
is probably the worst official in any sport in the world.
With a cocky hysterical attitude, taking no crap from anybody else, but they can dish out all they want.
It wouldn't surprise me if you could read lips what was really said to that fact, to that Roberto Alamar a couple years ago,
without spitting it, it probably incited him to do it, and you probably would have spatten his face, too.
So who now needs these guys?
And I heard a little dog this morning talking about the fact that he could go in there and do just as well.
And I agree.
And I have no idea whether he's got any experience doing it or not, but I guarantee you could do just as well.
Because you watch a ball game and oh, geez, you watch the strike zones of these umpires, you watch these plays that aren't even remotely close at a base.
And calls that are just, I mean, how difficult is it?
Calling a ball and strikes that requires a lot of attention during course of a game, but working a basis or the foul lines, how difficult is that?
And they still can't get it right. A very high, unacceptable percentage of the time.
Erigan and obnoxious and a detriment to an already desperate sport, to a dying sport.
So maybe we might get a call or two about that before the day.
So we're speaking of desperate Roy.
Saw your buddy on TV the other night, by the way.
He was going, but me, like that.
And his finger was still cut.
He said he's innocent.
There's a man's jaw, the jaw goes pierced or whatever.
A pierced of his jaw.
You better quit while you're a head, mister.
And by the way, you ain't no Jeff pop of it. I'll say to that.
Your rose told me he saw you naked in the showers many times and you ain't no Jeff pop of it.
That's what that's what he said. Forget about OJ.
Once in your life, get some different material. Okay, he's old meat. Okay.
He's stay a little meat. Get something to what exciting, like that to instrument. And by the way, we owe us.
Boy, he wore that thing down to a frasal at the big black.
That we had here a couple weeks ago.
There was our good buddy.
Roy.
Park is speaking of how.
Oh, and by the way, there's something in this article I found very amusing.
It says, pop of it has no problems finding friends.
I bet he doesn't.
If you look like that, you wouldn't have trouble finding friends either, including probably something you don't want.
And it says, you and coach butch Davis has constantly showered.
Praise on pop of it.
Well, no, it just, I thought it was going to say, showered with him.
Even on days where there ain't no game, you know, which I find very unusual.
No game, no workout, no nothing.
But just, hey, let's go take a shower together.
Which I find very unusual for a real red nicky guy like Boots Davis.
Don't you think so?
Very suspect.
Here's a model in Jupiter. Hello.
Leo.
Yes, sir.
Hey, these are my pliers.
I want to know what other occupations, when you resign, you get a $15 million severance.
That's not severance as if you get fired.
Yeah.
But they're going to be paying them up to like $400,000 for the most experience each.
They got one hell of a deal, man.
I'll tell you.
They're making $75 to $225 grand a year of very sizable number that are fat and out of shape and disgusting.
They're a bunch of pigs and they're always whining and complaining.
And they're doing a half ass job to top it all off.
And they're actually under the impression that when they form this, whatever new corporation is going to be that they fall back to the deal.
They play hardball with these guys and then live up to their word and let them all walk away and they just say, goodbye.
We'll hire new one-pires.
I hope they do.
I was on fire.
It's my early gun pliers.
It's not that difficult to be in the call.
That's right.
And especially as good as these guys are doing.
It's not that tough.
Thanks.
Have a great day, pal.
5.670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting on those male models out there.
All you heterosexuals.
I bet you we don't hear from one during the course of the day today.
Because that whole thing with male models has always been known as a f***er suit.
And that's why a lot of good looking guys, by the way, are terrified to go into that because they assume that everybody will think that they're f***er because they're doing it.
By the way, it's kind of amusing in this article about the pop-up, which boys talk about the parents attitudes.
And the grandparents, Zach and Dee Sterling, a pomp and obi, are boasting a lot these days.
But grandma did send the parents a note saying that she and her husband would approve more, had the boys pulled up their swim trunks a little.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, I don't think they pulled them down, grandma.
I think that was the idea.
I like the wee wee.
I'm telling you, I didn't sleep last night because you didn't fade last night, you.
Really, last night, last night, last night.
Because you're strong enough to blow a stone down, strong enough to knock the f***er off a swaggy else.
My life will be hell if you lose that f***er's strong enough to make this gag your strong enough even the older it pays on strong enough to clear your sins and all.
You'll be paid on the wall.
Epitien is five six years of age.
By the way, you're in droughts, but less than our fax paper, okay?
Ain't interested in any of this swirl at your sending.
Just amazing to me, the number of people we have out there that keep sending us all this crap.
And I do mean absolute, positively unadulterated crap in which I have no interest positively whatsoever.
And never will, but nevertheless.
God, here's a mobile and deer field.
Hello.
Hey, now.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going this morning?
I'm glad to hear you had a great vacation.
But a couple of things here.
And the first thing is I agree with the article.
You just read that baseball on Pires need to go to this quint.
You know, get out of our lives.
But this whole problem is revolving back to the idiotic commissioner.
This pump in sunshine has no clue in anything.
And he just needs to go.
Now, this isn't his fault.
This has gone on long before, but it's here that was commissioner of baseball.
This arrogant obnoxious attitude has gone on for many, many, many years.
And, you know, Richie Phillips and his umpires union are the strongest and most obnoxious.
I mean, I just don't understand where they were.
They come off getting this kind of power because most of them are, as I said, out of shape.
And even the ones that are in shape, most of them are incompetent anyway.
They do a half-ass job.
Yeah, I agree with you there, but it's, you know, I mean, that's, you know, these hours are out of control.
I mean, not just the umpires, but baseball in general.
And so, I just had it down at the disastrous road and just look what happened to, you know, the construction of his new ballpark, you know, day collapsed.
And that's basically where baseball is headed.
Yeah, maybe it was symbolic.
Maybe there's an omen there.
But on sign off, I like to call the whole Bush family bunch of douchebags.
And alcohol sting for president.
All right.
Good thing.
Okay.
Alcohol sting for president.
Then he won't have to suck around to be on anybody's or radio or TV show anymore.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Tamarack. Hello.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
A couple of things before I start with my comments.
George, you did a really good job while you were on vacation.
Yes.
I hope you had a very good time.
Yes, I did.
Now, what's the thing?
What was the same but, Felix wasn't under that crane when that thing came down, right?
And...
And crushed, crushed him over.
And...
Well, maybe...
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So, I'm assuming you said a couple of things that I'm waiting for the grady material.
And does it ever come?
No.
No.
Just isn't there.
Here's Fort Myers. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Did you watch Tom Green last night?
Oh, yeah, Tom Green.
Not one of the all-time great episodes, but it had its moments, yes.
Yes, it did.
Did you...
That's the thing where he took all the kids home.
Yes.
You notice what a bunch of pussy-those kids were by the way?
I know.
Oh, yeah, you're going to wake up my mom and dad.
And I'm going to take some real crap at OG this three in the morning.
And that was...
Yeah, they think it's real funny till it comes to that.
Right, that's right.
The one guy, his parents were cool about it though.
The ones that were in bed.
Right, it...
And look, the guy take the shower and they hit his clothes and then he had to take the shower, Matt.
And wrap it around the dance.
Have you been, I keep it up with the real world at all?
I don't like that.
I'm not into it.
Yeah, it is lackluster.
But did you see the Tom Green show?
I don't know if you caught it because you were in Amsterdam,
but when Tom Green and his sidekick guy were French kissing?
Yeah.
Did you see that one?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
It's so funny.
I just hope he can keep it up.
The more he was going in the beginning of the show last night on his...
Whoever, his grandfather's electric cart and he was going through the supermarket,
knocking all the crap down.
Incredible.
Every one of his bits, just about every one of them ends up either with the people
screaming and yelling, get out of here before we call the cops or after they call the cops.
And then he got that.
How about the security bits that started beating on him?
Oh, that's the black security bits that started beating the crap out of him at the museum.
In fact, that was great.
I still love the one where he's riding the cow into the produce market.
Yeah.
Because of the cow's hungry.
Yeah.
Oh, that's beautiful.
It really is.
And like I said, that second guy that starts doing the cows out or looks like he had a lot of practice.
I'll tell you, I...
There's not a show on TV that I just sit around and laugh out loud.
I mean, it is...
Well, once you get back to Tom Green, you just look at him and you start laughing.
It really is.
I'll tell you a facial thing.
It's the second best show next to yours, Neil.
Game God bless you.
All right.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
Okay. One call on the board's going to be another one of those days.
Today, I'm feeling pretty damn good.
I'm feeling good enough to get up and get out of here.
I got things to do.
You know, I get important stuff to do because my TV went on the Fritz a couple of days ago.
My big Sony XBR TV.
And I went over to...
And they know me very well.
I always take good care of me at...
...place.
But at any rate, God sucked into buying a Hattachi, which they delivered this morning.
And although I haven't had an opportunity to really sit down and really set it up properly and examine it,
I think I'm going to be really depressed.
Although luckily, the Sony XBR was still under warranty.
And they'll be fixing it one day next week, but nevertheless.
See, a lot of people are saying, well, why didn't you just have him come and repair it?
Why didn't I do that?
You know, I have alternate TVs in the house.
I got a schlepped out there in a living room and just watched for a couple of days and roughed it until they fixed the Sony XBR.
My first Tattachi TV, Hattachi, Hattachi, Hattachi, whatever, I thought they made like little grills, little portable grills.
I think they ought to stick to that.
I think I'm going to be real bitterly disappointed with this set.
But nevertheless, they take real good care of me at...
...but it's just that, you know, this ain't no Sony XBR, which they don't carry anymore at...
...mort.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
I'll go to you.
Yes, sir.
A heterosexual X model. What do you want to know?
Well, I mean, just what do you mean? What do I want to know?
You're asking for college.
I'm going to know if there are heterosexual X models, and you're saying yes.
I was in the early one.
I was in your studio about a long time ago. I left the headshot.
You left the headshot?
Squared, squirt.
Yeah.
Over there.
Yeah, we've had a hell of a time getting a stain off the wall.
Yeah. Yeah. Now most of them are, you know, you know, I got out of the business because I was on the B list.
And I think that list has to do with heterosexual.
You know, you're getting jobs based on who you know and who you belong to.
You were in swingin' it in the right direction.
I think that's about it.
You know, I did a couple local cable commercials and I did a little bit of print work.
But most of them were, most of them were flamers.
I think it's about time we broke that mold, don't you?
I mean, if a big macho guy like Jason Taylor or the dolphins can come out like he did a couple of days ago with that calendar.
Yeah.
If he can do it, and if a guy like Jeff Popovich, who's the strength athlete of the year at UM-2 years ago, if he can do it.
Yeah. Well, they were out there. They're just few and five between.
Got too many insecure guys that are afraid that everybody's going to point at him and go like, you know, he's a f***ing whatever.
I was comfortable with, you know, with my sexuality.
I didn't give a shit. I didn't give a crap.
I didn't care because, you know, to me, it's just like a girl.
If you're hitting on a girl and she doesn't want you to bother, say, you know, hey, you know, no that...
No, thank you.
Yeah, no thank you.
Right.
So if a guy's hitting on you, it's the same.
You know, I put myself in the female position.
Hey, thanks, but no thanks.
Of course, that's another thing I wonder a lot of...
See, when you're dealing with calendars, now when you deal with calendars with young women on it, you know that...
Well, I don't know. Maybe there are a lot of lesbians looking at those too.
But a lot of them think...
For some reason, a lot of the gay males think they can get you to cross over, you know, play for the other team.
But...
No, no, I'm not talking about that, but I'm just saying I think that there are a lot of straight guys that are concerned about posing like naked or close to it because they're afraid that most of the people who are going to be looking at that are going to be gay males as opposed to women.
Well, I don't know how many women are out there buying up calendars with Jeff Popovich and Jason Taylor on.
Look how many straight males pose in play girl and with their biggest circulation, gay men.
Right.
But straight men go in there, they don't care.
Right?
They go in there.
They pose.
They tread where other spirit is.
If I stayed busy and got a lot of work out of it, I'd still be in it, but it was just...
It was all right.
It got... you know, and it was... I was a babe magnet, so I...
And, you know, sometimes I played the femme because they just hover around gay guys because it was the thing to do.
So I used to play the part.
The Austin Powers part.
Yeah, it was good.
Okay.
Alright, young people, take care.
I see you.
Okay, there you go.
There's one guy that's got a couple of co-homes, or at least maybe one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I got a small dish at my house.
You sold me on that about a couple years ago.
It's the best thing that the picture is just like almost being right there.
Yeah.
It's so clear.
You know, they're raven about this HDTV, which, you know, you can go out and spend six or ten grand for while those sets.
But what's the point?
Because there's no programming available anyway.
And I have never seen the HDTV picture, but I'm hard pressed to see how you can get a much clearer picture than you get on a small dish.
Yeah, I've got the Sony.
I've got a Sony like you, and it's got this S video jacked back.
And when I use that with the digital or with the satellite dish, it's scary.
It makes it even clearer.
Right.
And what I heard you yesterday, a guy called in about getting one of those cards.
The Olympic card, yeah.
Yeah.
I got one of those about six months ago after about a year and a half, and it's been working great.
I've been watching everything.
I got all the movie shows, the direct, all of it.
Great.
I can't hear where you're saying.
Oh, I'm sorry, Neil.
No, that's okay.
Hey, you have a great day, buddy.
Hey, back to you.
All right, thank you.
Did you hear anything you just said?
No.
I didn't hear it now.
What?
Hey, listen, more power to them, okay?
Like I told you, a billion times, if they gave you the stuff that you wanted.
Most of us are honest enough we would pay for it.
Some of you would rip it off anyway, but you know, they wanted you to work your own.
And so they invite people to go ahead and get illegal chips and stand under head and do all kinds of stuff to see what they want to see.
Idiots.
5,670560, 0560 on the AT&T line here is Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
And have a great day.
Let's try Hollywood on five.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you?
Okay.
This is from Hollywood.
The thing about the Umpires is it's so ridiculous when you see that players can be suspended for whatever they do to the Umpires.
They push them or abuse them in some way.
But in reverse, it doesn't work the opposite way.
You can't, you know, they're raising this thing that you can't...
Tom Halley and Gutsu spend the three games for bumping Jeff Reed.
And then, you know, Roberto Alamar got suspended for five games.
And the Umpires got all been out of shape about that.
And Pete Rose once got a month for bumping an Umpire.
And it just goes on and on and on.
They can dash out all the crap that they want.
And they can abuse these players.
And throw guys out for just, you know, saying a word.
And in the meantime, you can't even look at these guys.
And, you know, I think a few years ago former Marlin player Dennis could just go thrown down to the ground.
And the Umpires, he was suspended in the Umpires Union intervened and prevented the Umpire from getting any suspension.
I mean, these guys, you know, are...
I mean, they're not God.
I mean, they do suck.
They do suck.
If you remember what happened earlier in the season with the Marlins Cliff Floyd in a home run,
and the Umpire looked at the...
The Umpire.
And they said, well, you know, we want to have mistakes in the game.
I mean, what was that?
They just make it up and say, go along.
You can't use the Umpire and then, of course, when it was appealed, they said, well, you know, we should never do that again.
But that was the end of it.
It just makes it renders it all meaningless.
It's meaningless enough as it is now with all the expansion and all these ridiculous teams.
I mean, here right at the All Star Break, 95% of the teams are already out of contention.
They're just playing out the string, and they still expect people to pay money to come and see them play meaningless games.
But when you have calls that are ridiculous like that, it makes the whole thing a mockery.
It's going from the ridiculous to the sublime, you know, what can you say?
And have a great day.
You too.
5667-0560, 05-560 on the AT&T Wildest Line 200 open lines on there.
It's going to be a long, brutal, tedious, terminal, ponderous Friday.
Make no mistake about that.
You can kiss my rear end.
Listen to me.
This is Stand By and Steen for Soficking.
Understand where everything is held to the high, soficking standard.
The selection isn't just huge, it's soficking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And Soficking's price is not just low.
They're soficking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say Soficking as a beautiful store, I mean Soficking beautiful.
When I say to stand by and help, I mean Soficking helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the Soficking and enjoy a selection of Soficking Huge, a stat that's soficking.
And soficking, you'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it from me.
Take it from Satisfied Customer Frank and Stein.
Soficking good.
You said it Franky.
Soficking good.
You said it Franky.
You know, do you ever go into one of those stores where they have all the stuff set up,
all the TVs set up, and they all have the same picture on them.
And they're all hooked up to like a laser disk.
In other words, something that's clear used to be in the old days you go into a store
and they'd all be hooked up to the cable.
And you could actually see what the cable picture looked like on there.
But when TV sets are hooked up to like a laser disk and a picture that is just absolutely crystal clear,
they all look spectacular.
And they deliver the thing to your house.
And I've never had this happen before.
And I don't want to pre-jugged because I got to get home this afternoon.
In fact, I probably should leave right now and go home and spend several hours,
based on what I'm seeing on this phone.
No, seriously, I should, I could be more productive because I'm really good with that electronic stuff.
You know, they probably have it hooked up wrong anyway.
They got my big dish screwed up with a small dish and the audio coming through one thing.
They've got some things screwed up.
But then again, what kind of people set up and delivered this stuff to your house?
In fact, they were still wet from getting off the arath.
They were. They were still a lot of wonder-wise buttons.
You know, they take a shower with their clothes on.
No, they still had moisture from the ocean, from the Caribbean.
But nevertheless, I have a feeling that's going to turn out to be a real, real piece of crap.
But I could be wrong about that.
Here's a mobile in North Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, you.
Yes, sir.
What's the deal with these empires?
I mean, I think even at the little too early of a notice for the last month off?
I guess they feel that they're so self-important that everybody would go into a frenzy and panic
and get on their hands and knees and give them whatever the hell they want.
Very early, but doesn't that give us ample time to replace them?
Of course.
Absolutely.
Let's do it.
And like LaBastard says today, why wait to quit?
You can do it right now.
Give them about a week and get lost.
Oh my God, we can replace them with a heartbeat with all these old parts they got over there at some beliveable.
We can go to sunrise and tamer.
I can get a bunch of old parts, as well.
Probably in better shape than most of them are.
My kids and teaball can do the umpiring from this.
I got the good one.
How is John McSherry doing, by the way?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Nope.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you.
And Eric Greg.
Oh, well, he's got a little eating disorder.
Yeah, he weighs 600 pounds.
And then they got all excited when he got that to about 450.
And then all of a sudden he was up to 700 pounds.
I just don't get it, but then nobody cares anyway.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm going to go home and work on the TV.
I really am.
This is pointless.
Here's our last call, mobile and tamer.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple of car...
...compliers.
May I?
Go ahead.
Well, he cares about this.
Okay, well, anyway.
Go ahead.
I'm going to go on with me on this.
I believe that they've been around for a long time.
They've always made mistakes.
They will.
It's a human game.
I think if we change it in a rule in the game, something that's been set.
Number one, people don't...
A lot of people don't like authority.
These wall players don't want to submit to authority.
Sticking on players and bumping them.
And they're...
How about the other way back?
How about with the umpires that use the players?
Are the players human beings?
Right.
I think it right.
They make mistakes.
My first comment was to make mistakes.
But they aren't authority-figure.
Everybody's repelting.
Well, what does that mean authority-figure?
They're doing it right.
Sir, they're there to do a job.
They're there to call balls and strikes and outs and safe.
That's what they're there to do is make decisions.
They're not there to be dictators.
Let me finish.
The authority-figure there.
Well, why do you keep saying authority-figure?
Well, well, why does baseball need authority-figure?
The other ones that run it.
The other ones that are controlled.
They're the judge of that game.
They're the judge of the duty.
People are looking for them like they were...
They're looking for them like they're...
There's a judge, didn't they.
Do you feel it gets the station?
There's the management, sir.
You won't have to conversation.
Do you just want to scream and shout?
Hello, it's your ass, okay?
Hello, it's your ass, but in fact, this guy, he sounded...
No wonder he likes the umpires.
He sounded like one of them.
Scream and Yale and follower Kury on.
Because I'm sitting here very calmly trying to have a conversation with you.
But you can't disagree with an asshole like you because you've got all the answers.
in the probably got an umpires or relative. I like that guy heard call a morning
show this morning. Umpires the NCAA and the response to that I think with
D-Po said he's absolutely correct. Boy, I ever see the strike so they got in
college baseball to joke. I broadcast college baseball for six years including
five minutes to the college world series. It's a farce. It's a joke. You could
bring in the teenagers, kids off the kids who just were baseball fans and do a
better job of umpiring than most of those guys. Oh, they're the dictators.
They're the authority figure. They're there. Yeah, okay. Big deal. So, so does
that mean there's stuff doesn't stink that they can dish out all the crap
that they want and continue doing a crap job and walk and and waddle around
and then the kind of shape that so many of them are? Love to see any hockey
referees try to do their job in the shape that most of those baseball
umpires are. By the middle of the first period they all be having coronaries.
They'd have to they'd have to cart them off the ice. Here's Miami Lakes. Hello.
Good morning, your house. Yes, sir. Okay. Good. I'm wanting a dark
discussion. Yes. I want to I'm a former meal model but I want to comment on
something else before I talk about that. Yeah. For a long time, Neil, I just I
will listen to you talking about rap and hip hop and I had real disc greener
with what you were saying about it but I got to tell you I've just turned
completely out. I listened to some of our quote unquote role model athletes
with an interview. You know, they go out on a court and they go out on a field
and they play and you admire their athletic prowess. I think you see a microphone
in front of the numbs and I'm sitting and I'm listening and going maybe this is
what's happening with the the literacy that's going on and I and I use that
term speaking to how rap music purposely Neil purposely uses phrases and
phraseology in terms that are not correct. Right. Um, there's a promoted promoted
a little bit of a promoted affinity. You know, even to the point I was listening to
a wilsonist video folks the movie while while well. Yeah. And in the video, he says
a term we as quick as they is and here's a guy Neil wilsonist will turn on a
scoff at the MIT to go on a music. A guy who knows better Neil right but who
does it just to be a high director to sell it to a certain segment of
popular right exactly and it's disgusting. Neil is you know, you can say and I
guess my argument all the time was well there in the marketplace the marketplace
is you know, you have the real people come in with this idea not of it but it's
not just that it's the coming of America. You know, it's a continuation of that.
But anyway, I want to comment on the part of the thing about models I modeled
in the mid-missal eighties and I'd say you know in terms of straight game I
say so I think it's about one third one third one third I did a trade show and I
did a lot of runway and I'd say you know it's pretty much split down in
thirds like you know along those lines. Right. But um, you know, but I wasn't
there but anyway, I just want to check in with you and say welcome back and
say hi to Jeff Poff of it. Okay, you know, just like when I brought it up the
first time months ago way ahead of the hero by the way way ahead. They don't
want they don't know from him and even the guys in this ball well, we think he
always number 38 looks like 33 in a picture looks to me but nevertheless close.
Yeah, I'm telling these sports nerds man talk about hysterically homophobic and
not tight about their own sexuality. I mean really just insecure, psychotic. 5, 6, 7,
0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line 21 before 11 at QA and we got Hank and 2. We got
at 6 o'clock talking baseball with Donnie B, 6, 30 to pregame and then from the sky
down the Marlins and the Blue Jays 7 o'clock tonight. And by the way Ray Perry
same performance. Let's give Ray an Academy Award again. Very nice performance
in here yesterday. Any results? No. No. Anything happening?
Anything was going to happen? No. Any new copy? No. No. No. But nevertheless.
Friday you fast. This week on 48 hours what has caused seemingly normal people to
erratically alter their behavior. We'll take a closer look at a new language
emerging in America. Welcome to Mad Men's Mactes Yard. Hey,
closely, baby. We have a mace toggle in it floor. You could go with a tight tile
carpet. I'm about to shag, baby. Can I buy a shag now? I'll get it by a shag later.
Hello, Mrs. Windrook, may I take your hat? Do I like you? Oh, me, Jiggins. Do I?
This week America under the control of Austin Powers.
Up front on 48 hours. The honey, come on, groove me, baby.
1044 at 560 WQM. That thing was what's his name?
Raw. I mean, you were way before. That was really made my day again. Not.
Oh, he was proven, if not innocent by a pair of his piece of his juries.
Well, what did he say? Some of his are things. Some illiterate bullcrap. A piece of his jury.
Here's Bokeh. Hello. Neil God. Yes, sir.
Just off. Who cares about the umpires and the athletes? Forget about it.
Yeah, I would agree with that, but nevertheless they got nothing else to talk about.
I mentioned that as kind of like a throwaway. Yeah, I know. I know. I'm with you.
Anyway, do you get a chance to see Larry King with Tom Cruise last night?
I wouldn't watch Tom Cruise. I'd rather watch the umpires than Tom Cruise.
I never saw Larry King. Tom Cruise makes me more nauseous than what's his name.
Which I would say Jordan Knight.
Oh, but anyway, I never saw Larry so excited to be in the company of a big movie actor.
Yeah, he was ruling over himself.
Mm-hmm. Anyway, I'm just passing on the turnpike here. I see the lottery's up to 31 million.
Yeah. If you won that, would you be off?
I don't play the lottery. The lottery's a sucker bet. The governor won't have a tell you that.
And the Bobby Butterworth will never tell you that. The lottery is for suckers.
Yeah, I'm out of tickets. Okay, I have a great day pal. He's got no material.
He's not going to guys that are talking about the umpires. He's talking about Tom Cruise.
Anybody care about Tom Cruise? No.
Not if you got a brain you don't. I'm not buying that bullcrap.
Jesus, I mean, talk about desperate and repressed.
Let me say it for the eight-minute time. That's why so many people want to watch MTV,
especially after they discover some of those shows on here, because they want to see young hot naked
bodies. Oh my God, how disgusting and how true.
And the American public is so repressed. Now, I read some of the reviews of this thing and of course
Kubrick Reston Peace was great, but nevertheless some of them are pretty scathing.
And who now wants to see Tom Cruise or Nicole can make it anyway when you come right down to it?
Do I want to see him? No. Neither one of them. Here's Miami. Hello?
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You were talking about a book about Diabetes the other day. Can you please
give me the name of it? I was talking about a book about it. Yeah. About Dr. Friedman's book.
Dr. Friedman's book? It's a name of that book, Diabetes Solution by Dr. Richard Friedman.
Or something like that. I have been a solution by Dr. Friedman. Right. Okay, thank you.
Hardcover. It's the best book you'll ever buy and die. Hardcover. Right. Okay. Okay, get it. Thank you.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Too bad we couldn't get a copy for Gene Hart before
we'd do late and stop them from eating all those tasty cakes and fill it. You get any calls about him?
No. No. Of course not. This is a hockey broadcaster. Do they know anything about that here? No.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello? Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. At 360 pounds, I don't know what about sexuality.
Yeah. With the Marlins in town, I gave up baseball. But the reason I wanted to call you was
about the high-potchy. Yeah. Absolutely the best picture I've ever had. And I have about three
frames that have the big one. And the whole of the frames you've got a big one? Yeah. Yeah.
And what about a TV? Well, they have that too. Yeah. But the color on it is I think it's the
real stuff. I've ever seen better and so many better than anything else. I just got away
till I get home and set this thing up. I think you'll love it. But you know what? I was raised
and filled out here and Gene Hart was one of the greatest. He was good. He's fat just like me.
I didn't like this problem. I didn't like your tasty cake crap with the goals, but he was good.
But he was sure too when he couldn't handle it. And the last several years he got so red
and the push that it was, people told me it was tough for him to even get up to the broadcast.
Well, I've been out there for about 10 years, but he was the greatest and answer one of the greatest
and answers I've ever heard. It was pretty good. But I think you'll like the high-potchy problem.
Okay, thanks. Thanks for the video. I feel a lot better. Thank you, sir. There's a guy that says
you'll like it. Give it a chance. Set it upright. Okay. Don't get all disappointed because those
banana boat guys from hard set it up wrong. Which they did, like I said, you got to go home.
It's got a hole to go through the set it up and get the cable thing. And even right now,
they're more control value this morning. It seemed like a tinker toy. It seemed like a play toy.
As compared to my great Sony XBR. Pretty tough to beat that Sony XBR TV. You know, I mean,
maybe you don't agree with that. So you should be talking to suds about this. And if we were on
a real radio station, suds would be around here somewhere. But are we on a real radio station? No.
We're on a goddamn jocks nipping station where when Alonzo was in here the other morning,
all these assholes, including Sam Duskbeck, are running around in the hallway, sucking
Alzo's ass. Like there was somebody important in here. Oh man. Goes back to what that dark
conflicted listener was saying a few calls ago. Get a brain. When is America going to finally
ever respect anybody with a brain? When is there going to be a premium on intelligence? Well,
whatever happened again in our lifetime. No. No. See Jeff pop of it. He not only looks good,
but he's got a 3.6 and he's not majoring in basket. We mean his great point average is probably
higher than the whole rest of you and her team put together a 3.6 GPA in biomedical engineering.
How do you like that? You want to have your kids respect somebody, respect him, admire him, okay?
Not some illiterate jackass. Here's Carl spring. Hello. Yeah, hi Neil. Yes, sir. I haven't been to a
baseball game in 25 years. Good for you. I fell asleep at about 13. So boring. Hey, these guys make
a 150 grand a year. They want to quit. Yeah, right. Exactly. Yeah. And nothing that I saw
time cruise. What a giant nose. Yeah. What a giant. And a hunchback. I think maybe that's why he
and Larry got along so well. They both have hunchbacks. I think all what he wanted to do is they look.
My wife can't get any work. So we made a movie. Right. I mean, and this is a good way to convincing
people that were really doing it. And those are really my kids. The best line I heard was John
Stoodie said if it was Shannon Tweed and Andrew Stevens, it would be on showtime and he goes,
then I would watch. Yeah. And that was it. Hey, you see Jesse the body. No, I didn't see that. He's
got a wrestle. Yeah. I mean, no, no, you have you heard. Yeah. I know. I'll never give all these
speeches for 50 grand of complaining. Yeah. What's the difference really? Exactly. And at least he's
at least he's honest about it. Absolutely. Then they're saying he's going to he wants the control of
Ross Perot's independent party. Well, why would he even want that? We want that. Okay, have a great
calm down. Boy, talk about psychotic. Thank God I don't have his problems. I feel so much better now.
Andrew Stevens, remember him? What was he in?
Seduction with Morgan Fairchild and a whole bunch of B movies. No, he looked pretty good though.
Although he did have that big slice on it. Oh, yeah, a long time ago. A lot of people
looked at a long time ago. Some of us, of course, never looked good, but never looked. See, it's one
thing when you never did look good. Then you don't have to feel bad about the aging thing because
you always look pretty crappy anyway. So at least you were consistent. But if you used to look
real good, then all of a sudden you woke up one day and said, Oh, Jesus, God, take a look at
what the Lord has done to me. Then I guess you must feel a pretty psychotic about it.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. How are you doing now? Pretty good, sir. I've listened to it for a few
years. You're pretty good, even though I disagree with some things. I am a rapper. Yeah. I don't believe
that rap promotes literacy. It goes back to the same feeling I have with movies. I think it goes
back to the parents. There's a time when I speak with rap, I speak slang. I speak slang with my
friends. But when I'm in the business and in selling, I talk business talk or the white talk,
the way they want you to. What do you mean white talk? What is that? You mean English?
No, it's not really English because it's changed from what it used to be. No, it hasn't changed.
When you say white talk, but I've been hearing that for years. Not really white talk, but I mean
I mean, the corporate America talk. No, no English. English, proper English.
No, no English. Okay, English. But you see even the hippies have their own slang and the
surfers have their own slang. We'll see you after they have their own slang. But our music does
challenge the politics and the governing and lucid fight censorship. I mean, no, I'm
some part of the thing. I don't believe they should be killing our record. I mean, when I rap,
I disagree with rapping about killing. Yeah. And about killing cops and about beating up your
women and crap like that. I just feel that you shouldn't just rap every time you hear it
because there are some good rap and there's bad rap. Yeah. Just because the kids are talking
away, we need to learn at home how to talk or when to talk. But they're not. They're not
learning to home. We're going to be a little bit. I don't believe that's rap talk. I believe
that goes to the parents. Yeah, I would agree with that. So I mean, why do you have to reinforce it?
It's just the way we talk. It's a slang. It's our music grew up and it's how it's going to
it's just how it is. Okay. Well, I really have a lot of things you say though. The penny tax
believe me. I'm going to be right out there voting no. Great. You inspire me to rap about
how crooked the churches are. Yeah. So we got a rap call to watch what you're stepping about
crooked preachers telling me about Jesus and the way we're trying to please this while the
choir girl is a smoke of session, the confession, you know. There you go. Now we're talking.
I just keep in my language man. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you're with the guy like you, Manic. I mean,
I got my friends listening to you. I just want to say, what's up to the groundhogs, my group.
And George, we'll bring you CD by one day when we finish using up our 50 hours of studio time.
And I'm going to let you hear it though. All right. Take care, man. See you. Okay. So anyway, say
how to M&M force. Remember M&M? Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. So you
got me a little bit nervous when you start with that stuff about talking white people talk. I get
real because every now and then you'll hear Milliphan Black people talking about, wow, you know,
white folks want us to be more like them and speak like them. Yeah, like English. I wish that
the British. I'm not talking about black British people. I'm talking about white British people.
I wish they would speak the language. They're the ones that invented it. You think they know how
to speak it. English. And like I've told you before, the amazing thing. And this is without exception,
when you go to Europe, when you go into like real countries with the real living and breathing
people, which maybe feel the wrong enough, somebody will be lucky and you'll do it. When you go there,
and you hear because there's a lot of English spoken like in Scandinavian, the Netherlands,
most of northern Europe, English is made of two or is the second language in school.
So most people are very fluent in English. And they don't speak British English. They speak American
English just like most of us speak it. Be speaking it. They don't speak that British thing where
it sounds like they got a corn cob up there. Correct. If you know what I'm saying. And I'm sure
you'd be knowing what I'm saying. Here's Evan Tura. Hello.
I can't believe I called you Doug. What's up, Neil?
I'm not. They we got the little dog, the big dog, the mad dog. How about the bag dog?
Neil, I just go back to Italy. I never really even thought about going over there until I listened to
your show. Fabulous. What did I tell you? I can say thank you. I find it here. The good stuff
with this audience. Most of them all go say, oh yeah, you don't know what he's talking about.
I was even a downtown realm at 12.30 at night on a Friday. I'm a city bus. Nobody
goes with you. You don't worry about getting knocked in the head. It's just everybody mind's
illness. You see what the guns are. The Caribbean area and the Polizia and the
military. Yeah, I was stayed right across the street from the Turkish embassy. There was a lot
of the local police there. But you know what I mean? You don't cause any problems. Yeah,
and nothing, nothing to worry about. There is no problem. That is correct. Exactly.
When we went to Florence, Florence was, it's like a key west of Italy. You know what I'm saying?
I don't think I'd ever do that again. Tourist trap. Exactly. Very overpriced. It's like an agro falls.
Exactly. But I mean it was beautiful. What if I go to see the sea once?
Yeah, the Dorma was really nice. But I just really want to thank you. I mean, I'd
probably never would have went there if I wouldn't have been listening to your show. And
you're talking up. I think the tourist board of a Italian should be reimbursing you a little bit.
Yeah, especially for my two days in Milan that cost me about eight billion dollars, right? Exactly.
Okay, I'm glad you had a good time. Thanks for the pleasure.
I see my kids say I like to see them but I don't have a chance.
If I try to hold my money, we'll draw by by.
Oh, never see that child in my eyes.
Oh, I never see that child in my eyes.
Love it out to a five sixty WQM. Thanks to whoever brought this thing in from the end.
Wouldn't you know it and the Toronto star from July 9th, the scoop on poop. I couldn't put it down.
Oh, this is great. We'll get into this deeply in a moment. So anyway, thanks to my good buddy Wayne
Arnold who calls in. Leave it to somebody I know that's straight and not a problem with the,
you know, personal thing like the TV set. So Wayne also went out and got him a hotachi big screen TV
and hooked up his satellite dish to it and the picture was crystal clear and then he went over to
the cable and the picture was rainy and really bad like mine was this morning and he freaked out
and didn't know what the hell to do and finally called the cable company and the cable company comes
out at no charge and they have to boost up the signal because I guess on the new sets it's so
critical and the picture is so clear that unless you get a really strong signal your picture is like
rainy and crappy which you'd expect anyway from the cable. So they came out and put in the booster
in the doctor charge and now he's going to really put a picture on the cable and that's what I'm
going to have to do but now I feel like maybe just maybe. Thank you Wayne. God bless you.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you? Great. When I turned on the radio this
morning I heard you talking about Gene Hart. Did he recently die or? Two days ago. Two days ago.
Yeah. You know he wasn't wonderful. He was a wonderful announcer but he's the only,
and you love them because he was a great homemer. According to him Bobby Clark never committed a
penalty. Uh-huh. But well that's too bad. He was a good guy. Yeah. Complication to diabetes. He was
fat and he was diabetic. He said yeah, there's a station two days to take you right. Right.
Two many takes. That's right. All right. Enjoy the show. Take care of it. Great week guys. Thanks.
Okay. 5667 0560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. We got two or three hundred open lines here.
Today it's another tooth pulling day here in a big city. Oh we're used to that aren't we?
Uh-huh. You bet you're sweet as we are. Just keep pulling and pulling and pulling and pulling
and yanking and squeezing. How's your pop of it? It's doing by the way speaking of all of that.
Here's a mobile in Gainesville. Hello. Hey Neil how you doing? Okay sir. Uh speaking of yanking and pulling
there's an article here and one of our little local newspapers about campus rest from sex acts
when three men in jail. All right. Just in in about these three guys who are looking for action in
some of the uh calls around campus up here. Uh one of the guys name is just two two ironic guys name
is Chizelm and in the papers up here they print your picture with your names clear as a bell and
maybe the whole account. Uh-huh. Um this see I'll run it down just real briefly for you. Uh officers
saw uh men performing sexual acts for each other according to a police report. The officers watch
Thompson seated on a toilet seat in the stall next to Chizelm is the guy's name. Hold his pants and
underwear down. Got on his knees and begin to masturbate in front of Chizelm. You'll look at the
blurry holes. Yeah. Chizelm then reached down and grabbed Thompson's penis in a fun-ling manner.
So the police are apparently standing around watching for this to happen. There's another poor guy
Johnson listed in the campus director. Johnson? Johnson and then Chizelm. Yeah. I'm going to send this
to you. I can't wait. And Johnson listed in the campus directory as fine arts junior got on his
knees with his pants down and underwear off and asked the officer for a uh I don't know if I can
say that. Well the will just say Monica. Well showing off. I can't say blow job now. Okay.
Poor blow job. Well showing off. There's penis. Uh they also want to say the two uh incidents
are not related although they are kind of related. Um up here it's a misdemeanor charge and uh you
got to bail yourself out of jail for that but they're charged with engaging and unnatural and
with serious acts and they were all taken to the uh Glacier County jail. What's unnatural about it?
I don't know. It's all uh depending upon your preference. I guess. Right. Uh huh.
Unnatural. It's just given given a new meaning to uh what it is to be. It was natural natural
natural enough for the White House. It should be natural enough for Gainesville I would think.
Absolutely. It's slow and dead enough here in the summer. I guess everybody's just looking for
some action. Okay. Thanks for the good news pal. All right. Take it. You can see it bottoms up.
How do you like that? They're doing it in Gainesville baby.
Oh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami. Hey, how you doing? Okay sir. I'm just calling. I wanted to let you know that uh George did a
great job while you were gone. Uh huh. You know you guys should get him a great uh a raise. Yeah. Yeah.
Anyways um you know you guys make good teams you know what I mean. Yeah I'd like to call
a few people just bags. Okay. That takes care of our calls for today.
Woo. We if you know what I mean five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one
line. Seriously. How do we really make it through the uh let's see you got your May and June and
July and August and then Labor Day finally comes and you get the last weenies off the Agrile
and then maybe just maybe. I've always said how do the poor bastards that are in retail in this town
how do they survive in the summertime? How do they make it? Well I mean you go into these malls
and they're paying you just know that the owners are paying through the nose. They're paying through the
recto. The organic rents and these big fancy shopping malls and you see the people working in
there standing there pacing back and forth and aging closer toward the door. Practically wanting
to come out and grab you by the arm and dragging you into the establishment just in hopes they
might be able to pedal you something anything. How do they make it? How do they survive in this
seasonal horse and buggy? Uh a douchebag town. Don't get it because I know Shureisher is how
to have a Mitsubi doing it here in the summertime. It's a picnic. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey how you doing today Nail? Okay sir. I'd like to ask a favor if you could conduct a poll today for me.
On well I work in the restaurant industry and uh I'm just curious why people feel
necessary to clap if they hear a broken glass or a broken plate and I just wanted to see why
that happened. They do that. I never heard them do that. Really? You never heard? I've been in a
bartender for like 10 years now and I mean it's something breaks. Start the sarcastic
uh a salon. Yeah there's a whole place really. Yes now there's a nice. What if that guy's
steak coming from Ruth Chris and he is you know and he's clapping meanwhile his steak getting you know
all on the floor. I'll tell you one thing if I'm the guy that's bringing the food out and I dropped
the thing and it breaks and they're applauding with sarcastic applause. I'm going to make sure that
some of that ground glass goes back into the food on the next plate. That's right. What's this
ask around and see how many people would which sets up the clap thing? Okay that's what I'm
curious. Excellent point pal. Thank you Neil. Punch your lights up. Yeah. What about your craft
that is I'll give you another example where people clap when they think they're being uh doing
it complimentary and that is on a plane. When you when the plane lands and it's like even and what
bothers me is first of all why should you have to applaud if it's a great landing. Now I'm trying to
think of uh one of the landings coming back maybe it was the virgin Atlanta coming back from
London on this last leg coming last Sunday. The landing was magnificent especially for 747. That's
a big ass plane and the landing was like I mean you couldn't feel even a runway it was just as smooth
as silk. It was great but I'm not going to sit there in a plot when I'm paying expensive money. You're
supposed to get a good landing but what really cracks me up is uh you know it'll be kind of like a
jarring landing and you'll bounce a couple of steps on the air runway a few yards and you hear
hey you know people that never flew before who I guess are just happy to be still be alive. Don't get
it. Oh god Neil.
Well we got some good students though.
His hands are tight. His teeth are fairly wide but they're obsession with them. Let's
disgrace. Yeah.
These things are tall and man it don't take long for their bedroom walk and tie it
with his face.
He makes some troubles. Yeah all them teeny pops when he's told their pump and the life they're
on stage. Sure tease the star but I don't care what he is.
And if you think I'm to tell it that's okay.
Yes.
Don't get me started.
On Ricky Ricky Martin.
He might just lose a lot of plans because it's been getting me started.
On Ricky Ricky Martin.
I'm not telling you he really loves a man.
Yes.
Yes.
On Ricky Ricky Martin.
I don't care how much that he makes.
Because if you get me started on Ricky Ricky Martin.
I'm not just throwing the river.
He's a plane.
Also the new thing in Rolling Stone for the very naive and gullible and people just begging
to be con the new deal is Rolling Stone Ricky Martin says number one he's not gay and number
two he's in the older woman.
Anybody believe either of those?
No.
Anybody with a brain believe either one of those?
No. Wait till I get into this BM stuff.
Or this is great.
From the Toronto star.
Leave it to an out of town newspaper especially the Toronto star or the sun to come up with something meaningful
that has something to do with our lives as opposed to a bunch of people running around on a rubber wrap somewhere.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Lady in Miami.
Hi this is Jessica Tiles.
I'm done talking to his girlfriend.
Really?
Yes.
All right.
Yeah.
One thing first I want to tell you guys.
Jeff is number 33 on the football team.
Yeah I can see that.
It's in the paper this morning.
And by the way you know the Harold always finds ugly pictures of people.
Where did they find that picture on the first part of it?
The one in the second part in and the inside from Abby Crabby and Fitz is great.
But that picture on the front page there the sports section is ugly.
Isn't it?
I'm not yeah.
That's where they ended up getting that one.
Boy I think they airbrushed it to make him look ugly.
Oh no.
But then we could do that.
That's impossible.
When you put her to page 10 it redeems it.
How long you been going with Jeff?
Actually I go out with Doug and spend 10 months.
It was Doug.
Uh huh.
I see Doug is 25 right?
Yes.
And Doug lives here too?
Yes Doug lives in Miami.
He's actually going to be making a documentary of UM football coming up this season.
So everybody should be looking out for that after the season ended and then yeah they have
a lot of stuff going on.
I wanted to clear up a couple of misconceptions.
The guys definitely aren't gay.
Right.
And even I said that.
Yeah.
So I know a lot of people are speculating whether or not that's the case.
Mm-hmm.
And also.
I mean you haven't done Jeff too on the side of him.
Oh no no no.
Jeff has a girlfriend?
Jeff does not have a girlfriend.
He is very single.
He doesn't have a regular girlfriend.
No.
He does.
He has nowhere near girlfriend.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And as far as the football aspect of things I know he's kind of getting a bad record.
And as a commenter, he's not really up to par or get athlete.
And as far as Jeff works harder than most anybody on the team.
And hopefully this season we'll see him out there some more.
Well looking at that picture from the catalog I would say he probably is harder than anybody on the team.
Yeah definitely.
Definitely they're both really dedicated and hard workers.
More so than anybody I know.
I couldn't disagree.
Okay listen sweetheart.
Have a great day and thanks.
Good hearing from you.
Okay you two things.
Bye-bye.
Give Doug Angep a big kiss for all of us.
How do you like that huh?
Yeah you're right kind of like.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's coconut grove.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes sir.
You still looking for male models?
Yes.
Yeah I'm a male model.
You know there's other guys that call before.
I think they're my icons.
But now I'm the real model.
My name's Henry.
Yeah.
Yeah, pay.
And what's your story Henry?
I put I put the couple issues for play girl back in August 97 and people say I'm a Fabio look alike but I'm straight at the board.
Your Fabio look like?
Yes you're hope not.
And I'm hung like a freaking horse too.
Yeah.
And uh well you know if you saw even even you knew if you saw these biceps you'd get a boner.
I doubt it.
Not if you look like Fabio.
Yeah.
I'll cross between Fabio and uh Mickey Martin.
And Mickey Martin.
Okay we'll listen.
Have a great day Fabio.
That said it all for me.
That's all we need to know.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Okay keep it to one of ground sweet art.
5670560.
0560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami with 15 question marks attached.
Tello.
Uh Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah.
I have a music question.
Why are there so many question marks on the thing on the board here next to your name?
I don't know.
I have a storage.
Okay.
Anyway.
A couple of music questions.
First of all what would you rank as Deely Dan in music history?
Where would I rank Steely Dan?
Yeah.
Probably number 7,422.
Oh I guess that means you don't like it.
I hate Steely Dan.
Uh the other thing?
Can't stand Steely Dan.
The other thing?
I get screaming diarrhea just thinking just hearing the name Steely Dan.
Uh we got a guess.
Yeah we're out of guess.
Yeah.
Uh uh uh.
That's the definitive Deely Dan line.
That's all you need to know.
I would say uh my friend says, okay best rock and roll singer in history.
Okay he says Elvis Bradley.
I say Freddie Mercury.
What do you say?
I say you're both a lacra.
Okay.
Who would you say?
I don't think you can say the best rock and roll singer but I mean Elvis Presley with the band and Freddie Mercury.
Well that's what I think but you know.
I think your friends doing too much acid.
Okay.
Anyway Neil in closing.
Yeah.
Have you still figured out what a hundred dog brother is?
No.
Okay.
Meaning what?
What does that mean?
Choros.
Oh a hundred dog.
He didn't say it right.
Well he was mumbling.
Like that.
Which kind of like takes something out of it.
Like the humor.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Found 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Dear Field B.
Chilla.
Hey Neil how's it going?
Okay sir.
Uh what do you think about being Freud?
What?
They put me over the wall man.
Were you doing acid?
I don't listen to Pink Floyd.
I can't stand Pink Floyd.
What's wrong?
What's your favorite rock and roll band?
Errol Smith.
Oh I love Errol Smith too.
Steve Tyler's great.
Right.
Yes he is.
I told you to be creative.
What's wrong with that?
Well no nothing.
Rolling stones are fantastic.
Rolling stones are good.
Back in the board good.
They're not good anymore.
They're old and tired and stale.
But they were great.
They're old and tired and stale.
He can't sing one note.
Okay please spare me the pain.
Stop trying to make a season old man.
No I know that.
Nobody's going to want to go see the beach boys
when they're 95 years old.
Okay they're not going to be surfer guys.
Then they're 110.
No well I'm almost 110 myself.
Hey but listen you know that guy that called
any city looks like Fabio.
He's probably a cross between Fabio and Richard Simmons.
Yeah.
And he said Ricky Miles.
So what's the difference?
Any male that wants to be a male model.
That is totally gay.
No it's not.
What is to me?
Well we just had got you with the thing
though Jeff and Doug Popovich's girlfriend
just called in from the U of M.
Yeah I heard her.
They're not gay.
No I guess not.
But still it's.
Well what do you mean you guess not?
How about Jason Taylor from The Dolphins
that just came out with his calendar for charity?
Is he gay?
I don't know.
Do you know?
No I don't.
Do you?
Yeah I don't.
I don't.
No I don't.
How the hell would I know?
You bet I do?
I don't know.
It sounds like you do.
I know everybody who's gay and everybody who's not.
Boy I must have some fabulous information.
How do you know?
How do I know what?
How do you know if they're gay or not?
I don't.
Do you dip the wig?
I don't know if he's gay or not.
Do you?
Do you care?
No I don't.
Sounds to me like you're obsessed with it.
Hey listen.
Sounds to me like you have an obsession with it.
No I'm calling from Jirfield Beach.
Oh like I said that explains it all.
Okay.
I'm calling from Dear Field Beach.
No wonder he's got an obsession with anybody
that's straight gay or even got one.
If I lived in Dear Field I'd be real lonely too.
56670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
See that goes back to what I said in the beginning.
That's the popular contraception that any guy
that models is definitely a fag.
Which is ridiculous.
Steve Ijerman in Detroit for years.
Real good looking guy.
One of the best looking guys in the HL.
He's had a calendar up there in Detroit.
Is he gay?
No.
His wife sure is how I don't think so.
Neither do his kids.
Which don't prove it.
But I don't think that just because
a guy models that makes him a fag.
Okay.
Jack asks.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Well first of all that Ricky Martin parody
really sucks as much as he does.
And not that there's anything wrong with being a fag.
I know that you're one.
Yeah, moving along.
What's the meaning of the matter?
Okay.
The meaning of the matter is the Joe Show rules on 770 and you suck.
Yeah.
Oh okay.
Great.
That was good.
That was great.
Joe Show rules on 770 and I suck.
I only wish that someday I could be good enough to make it to Fort Myers.
You know what?
I only wish and pray that I could be good enough.
This show could be good enough to make it over there.
Into the Fort Myers.
Oh, we are in the Fort Myers.
I mean like at a real radio station.
Not just one that they put on there to fill up the time because the bee flees are too cheap to put on real programming most of the day.
Thank you so much sir.
And thanks for listening by the way to 560 and 770 WQAM.
Over there you got to stay.
That doesn't even have its own color.
There's only any more.
Beauty.
560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Carl Spring.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
How are you?
Okay sir.
I just wanted to reiterate.
For a speak up.
Speak in that phone.
I got a bunch of mumblers here this morning.
I'm sorry Neil.
How about now?
That's better.
Okay.
I just wanted to reiterate that yes you're going to be very pleased with that hitashi set.
Yeah.
Because I bought one in 1980.
Well you and Wayne Arnold and I was about what do you mean in 1980?
I was in Japan and the Air Force for six years.
I was going to be a model over there and I bought it back with me.
It's still going strong.
And then I was so pleased with it about three years ago.
I bought another set for my dad that he's retired in Atlanta.
And the lines were so bad up there also.
I had to put a booster in just like he said into my dad's house.
And the set looks wonderful.
The colors come out.
The flesh tones are very, very realistic.
So how do we deal with the booster and how the cable looks good?
Right.
Exactly.
And when I came to call springs and this is a brand new house, the booster wasn't that good here either.
And I had to rewire myself, the house itself, because the cable guy had screwed up the wiring in the house.
And they installed it originally.
Right.
I straightened out the whole line and put my own booster in.
And I've got that old one still going and I have two to sheba big screens.
I'm like you, I have them all over the house that way I don't miss anything.
And I've had the sheba set now six years and not a problem now.
So I think you'll be very happy.
Just work it out and just sit and read the book like I did.
When and down I'll work it out.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line, 11, 25 at QAN.
It's hot, it's muggy, it spits it in the shade.
Totally, cow, Aaron's coming.
All right.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Oh, you know, 15 victimize because of half to four months ago.
My butt's everything run out of my soul, blood odysseyous.
I got this for Britney's got it all over Jennifer Lopez.
I know that you're all excited because you were just watching Jennifer there on TV.
Oh no.
I've never less.
Britney's got her hands down.
So to speak.
Hands pickin' in the crotch.
It's 1131 and see if that's another thing.
These people are calling it's watching the Britney Spears video expecting to see Britney picking her crotch as opposed to that other chick that's sitting on the hood of the car.
I mean if she did that that would be the end.
Okay.
All work would stop in America for say, I'm serious.
That would be the end of productivity in America for days to come.
So to speak.
Oh I got to get to this poop stuff from the star in a little while.
This is great stuff.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I just wanted to say that I'm sick and tired of living in Miami as well as you are.
And I was in Paris about 30.
I don't live in Miami so I live in plantation acres.
That's much better than Miami.
Yes.
And I was in Paris about three months ago and I would rather live there any day than here in this hellhole Miami.
Yeah.
And just to say if you knew that I've been all lately keeping up with NASA and do you know that if you pay $200 a month you could be the one of the first ones to go live in the moon by the
YouTube 30.
Yeah.
That's really good.
I mean I rather get out.
I rather go live in the moon in the space where people can hear me screaming complain and hear in hell.
Cock of home.
Okay well good luck to you pal.
We'll send some supplies out to you.
Just like they did in the South Pole.
We'll send a spaceship up there and it'll drop it like from your low altitude.
567-0560.
And by the way that little homeowner called from Naples hate to break the news to you but Joey Seacalled from Four Myers.
They love this show.
Everybody on that show on the morning show in Four Myers and W whatever that used to be WWCN.
Love this show.
They're obsessed with me.
Okay.
So put it back into your pants and they just give up.
Puts.
567-0560.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's line 10.
Hello.
Neo what's happening?
How you doing sir?
I'm doing okay.
Bob from Chicago here.
Transplant.
Dying every day.
I'm pretty depressed Bob.
Pretty depressing, Donner.
Yeah.
I saw media about six months ago.
I approached I think her name is Lulu and Ray Perry.
I forgot what her name was down there.
Oh yeah Lulu in and the Ray Perry out.
I approached for the idea of selling media paper for them because nobody represents you guys up here in Palm Beach.
Right.
And we'll get back here.
We'll get back here.
We'll put together a package for you.
We'll get back here.
That's like six months ago.
Ray.
Yeah I would hold my breath.
Just like I'm holding my breath for all the probably you know Ray Perry.
You know he's a good face man.
He comes in and he puts on a good act like he did for me yesterday because I was really bad out of shape about ourselves.
I was really bad out of shape of the department really losing it.
And just like the last time I saw about four or five months ago he used me a big saw that the ants are going to do this.
They're going to bring you back that.
And here it is like 25 hours later and I have seen nothing you know.
Right.
It's a very lame because the dead market I fear for radio so there's an opportunity for those guys.
But they didn't recognize it so they're lost.
Right exactly.
You company coming out I don't know if you know about it called CD radio.
It's going to be a digital radio power.
It's going to be out about six months a year.
And that's the change that the land is going to be.
Yeah.
That's the change that the whole thing if you think that Greg Reed is nervous now about some station on 2400 on the dial and nobody can pick up.
Wait till that comes out.
Who can take time exactly.
I'm out of material.
OK good luck pal.
Yeah.
Yeah that Ray Perry him and that Lulu.
She's a Lulu all right.
Of course she be on vacation this week and Ray.
Ray means well it's just that nobody pays any attention to him.
And of course when you work in a place I've told you this many times before when you're working in place where nobody ever gets canned.
And people just walk around to whatever time they want.
So he goes around oh we got to have this we got it then they okay whatever you say Ray and then they go.
Behind his back and don't get cram you get squat.
And then I write John penis and Todd direct and all the others.
So anyway when's that when's that purity coming in about fat boy?
Then the hand job.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line Toronto Star has got a big article here July 9th issue the scoop on poop.
How is your health put embarrassment behind you would take a look at your bomb movements by martyca loan special to the star.
And this is great I mean see this is another thing about the FCC you know they make it up as they go along when you can't say this word and you can't say and it's just arbitrary.
And you can't talk about the last thing they came down with back in 86 or 87 about X-Gritory activity.
Now X-Gritory activity last time I checked is a part of life right.
Whether it's you know very appetizing and not that's another point but it's a part of life.
If they decided you're not supposed to talk about that and of course everybody.
Rose ahead and those in anyway.
But this article I mean is something that's a very great value and grave and tremendous and urgent interest to every living human.
It says let's face it digestion happens few of us however can talk about the end result without embarrassed.
It's too bad our stools would yield clues about diet gastrointestinal health and stress anger and anxiety anxiety levels maybe as useful a diagnostic tool is our temperature or blood pressure.
How do you like that I think instead of taking my blood pressure two or three times today I'm going to start checking my stools a little more closely.
How do you like that like when you go into a bar you better take a close look at that stool before you put your.
Back to on it because God only knows what's left behind.
People can tell a measure of their health by their bowel movements is doctor Ted Loftness rhymes with softness and internus and Lycfield Minnesota what a name that is that doctor Ted Loftness nothing is as overrated as sex and so underrated as a good bowel movement he says and he hasn't even been in South Florida.
Can you imagine if this guy was like a cemetery village or sunrise lake yeah man oh man they pray for a good one.
From the moment food enters your mouth your body and barks on a campaign to turn it in a way soupy much called CHYME is that kind or is it kind.
I guess if you do it should CHYME.
Tunes alive up peristalsis involuntary contractions of gastrointestinal muscles that give you a hydrochloric acid digestive enzymes by a lot of secretions work to give each meal a consistency of split pea soup.
Winder digestive cells absorb sugar starches fat vitamins minerals and other nutrients weight products travel down the line in the colon the leftovers are combined packed together and partially dehydrated packed together.
Some experts say stool should float other say the opposite while I remember the old sink and float lady for my in Z years ago I did a whole show on that one night.
Did they sink or did they float and people would call into just mind a look just by the frickin box.
It says what remains our feces consist of water indigestible fiber undigested food like corn and small seeds oh yeah corn and small seeds.
Slopped off dead cells living and dead bacteria intestinal secretions in bile worn out red blood cells in bile give excrement its distinctive color.
If all goes well you'll have a healthy bowel movement.
Now here comes here come a few very important things that you should listen to very carefully have all your kids gather around the radio okay valuable information for the rest of their lives.
Although digestive idiosyncrasies variations in intestinal bacteria and other variables can produce different standards for a healthy stool it generally should be brown to light brown, formed but not hard cylindrical not flattened fairly bulky and full body not compacted somewhat textured but not too messy and very easy to put in.
It should be a strong punch in odor.
It should be really mild like almost pleasant like experts disagree on too much of the food.
Now here comes the most important part.
Each bowel movement should be in one piece about the shape and size of a banana and tapered at the end according to Melanie Ferrera a nutritionist and instructor at the National Gourmet Institute for Food and Health in New York City.
Doesn't that sound a little bit out of line for a person with that title she's the new train the natural gourmet institute for food and health in New York and she's an expert on maybe she next but our bananas.
It should be in one piece about the size shape and size of a banana and tapered at the end.
Now I can recall just not picking put my thinking cap on too hard but I can recall in my lifetime about four times that that's happened okay.
One recently one in the last ten years so I must have some real serious problem somewhere by the way let's start thinking about lunch.
Oh that's right you're not eating anymore you have no I don't know what it is.
You don't know what what is you have no appetite I have no appetite could be this place could be worse for me.
Try there you best.
Ever wonder what happened to the British super group Oasis? No lots of people thought they finally run out of waste or rip off the beetles.
Not even close. Oasis is back with a new CD that's like nothing you've never heard before. It's Oasis don't let it be.
Be United by way.
Oasis don't let it be. It gives you a chance to listen over and over again to incredible original songs like this.
I'd like to be.
Nika service of the ocean. In and eight on sea creatures cultivation that's with you.
Oasis don't let it be he'll move you. It will sound you. It will make John Lennon spin in his grave.
And that's a conclusion.
Love you.
Is directly pushing it to the heart.
You.
And look for no galagers new solo else he's at the highway on snap.
Not only Earth was great but I love for and there's two of us.
I spent so much time out of the country because I like foreigners a lot.
It's 1146 at 560 QM. So just getting back briefly for another 20 or 30 or 45 hours to this piece about stools.
Each ball movement should be one piece to size and shape up and then taper it at the end.
However, Donovan disagrees. He says stools don't have to be well formed logs.
They can disperse and toilet water. They can break down.
Some experts argue that stool should float.
Ferraris as boy and she's assigned a body is absorbed the minerals in the food.
Others believe healthy ball movements should touch bottom because of their Balkan fiber content.
Most tools will sink.
As loftness softness who doesn't buy either argument whether it floats or sinks really doesn't seem to make any difference.
Now, where is that important part that I was reading to you the most? Oh yeah.
It's got a whole bunch of suggestions to improve your digestive system's health like eating more dietary fiber, drink lots and lots of fluid, especially water, exercise daily like walking.
Regularly eat foods known to stimulate digestive enzymes including brown rice, diacon radish.
What the hell is that? What's a diacon radish?
And pungent foods like garlic, ginger and onions. Oh, I love garlic and I love onions.
Ginger, how often do you have ginger? Whatever you have sushi.
Whenever she's available. I don't eat sushi. Oh Jesus Christ. Now, why don't you not move to eat?
Eat fermented foods such as miso, soybean paste, tempeh, tempeh.
I thought that was in Arizona, tempeh, which is soybean cakes. See, this is that same old crap again.
Like that phony baloney stuff that the John penis tried to unload on me a couple weeks ago.
About eating the pigeon eggs and whatever that other stuff was on there, nobody could pronounce.
High quality yogurt and pickles. Eat lots of pickles to replenish beneficial bacteria in your gut.
Hey, I don't miss a pickle. Minimize your intake of coffee, laxative and refined foods,
all of which interfere with regular elimination. Anti-biotics, birth control pills,
and other prescription drugs also can hamper your bowel movements.
If you're constipated, ask your doctor if you can change or reduce the medications you're on.
And it goes on. It says heat the colon nature, go to the bathroom when you feel the urge,
not just when it's convenient. In other words, you feel the urge right now just to let it loose.
Just let go. Now it doesn't take it up and go. It says, just, oh, it doesn't take it up and go anywhere.
Reduce stress, which can cause either constipation or diarrhea.
See, this is something I've been telling you for years. This is very, very important.
And this is why. Maybe you don't like Europe at all, but at least you like the European toilets.
Because at least in the hotels, the toilets are bigger around.
And you have no, I mean, believe me.
It's even more sure than going to the pizza lot.
I'm telling you, you have a meal there and you rush back to the hotel.
And if you're lucky, you can take it on time.
Because it says if you're daring, consider squatting on the rim of the toilet
and your bearer's stocking feet squatting straight into the recto anal angle and opens it more fully.
So elimination is much easier. You could think of it as straightening a partially kinked garden hose.
How do you like that? You know, when you have your hose on, so to speak, and it's got a kink in it.
And then you straighten it out of all of a sudden, like, squat, squat, goes pouring through there like real fast.
But when it's got a kink in it, you got problems.
So there you go. There's some helpful stuff from the Toronto Star.
And I think the gentleman profusely brought this by.
Important stuff that has to do with real living, whether the FCC likes it or not.
I wonder if the people at the FCC have a BN.
I'd like the last 20 years. I doubt it.
Don't you ask holes.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Which Hattachi TV do you buy, Neil?
Which one?
Yeah, the ultra vision.
I can't even tell you.
Is it its projection?
Right.
Well, I noticed when you watch a football game, and there's a green field,
there's players in white, there's like a white halo around them.
Other than that, it's a great TV.
Oh, no. Are you sure you're running down the field?
There's going to be a little white glow around them.
Ah, a lady soccer, too.
I won't be watching Lady Soccer.
And either way, well, I called and the guy said, oh, that's normal.
It's going to happen.
But it doesn't happen on my Sony XPR.
What happens on those Hattachis?
And the guy said it was normal.
And then the other thing was the subwoofer volume is like not proportional to the regular volume.
So if you have a subwoofer hook through the TV, you're going to play with that all the time.
In other words, you don't like it.
No, I like it.
Other than the white halo and the crappy sound.
No, this sounds good.
Yeah.
You have to play with the subwoofer all the time.
But I don't have a subwoofer.
Okay. So then it won't be loud enough.
It won't be loud enough?
Well, it'll be loud enough for you.
Probably I just use it for TV.
I don't watch, you know, listen to music on their ending.
But it seems like without the, if you don't turn the subwoofer up, sometimes it's not loud enough.
Anyways.
Thanks for the good news.
Bye.
See you.
Yeah, we just started to feel so much better about the old Elan, right, to blow my brains out.
What did you get from Chuck the other day that it looked so good?
Not that you didn't want anything, but I just might want something.
She's taking it.
Yeah.
Not with bread.
No, no, no.
And it was good.
Yeah.
I think I'm going to get that.
Onions?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, because onions, onions, garlic and ginger will really do it for you.
Maybe some garlic in there too.
You think he has any garlic over there?
No.
Tell them to put some garlic on it.
And the meat too.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
I just wish I was talking to somebody that knew the difference between the Sony XBR and the East of Tatus.
You know, I got to call up Suds Coleman and find out.
Maybe he'll call it an off the ear and tell you.
And we just won't mention that he called because we don't want to give him any trouble with you and who.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Tyneal, I recommend this.
Eat anything you want.
Like get a colonic every month.
It is the greatest.
I love it.
No.
Neil, you have to try it.
Get a colonic.
Where they stick that.
Where they stick that.
You open your leg.
I'm not making a joke.
It is great.
You can eat what you want.
But get a colonic.
Another thing I was talking about.
What do you want?
I don't understand what you want.
You can eat what you want.
If you want to eat red meat a couple times a week.
If you want to eat red meat, I don't throw everything down my throat.
But I get a colonic meal.
And it still should think.
Definitely should think.
And it shouldn't be so dark brown.
It should have a nice kind of like a camel color.
If you can read it.
That's ideal stool.
Camel, yep.
Get a colonic.
One other thing.
Like a camel color of color of banana.
I'm serious.
I am too.
I'm dead serious.
All right.
One other thing.
I was watching my three sons and they had chat in Jeremy on.
And I'd say a chat was much cuter than Jeremy.
Much cuter.
Meaning what?
I don't know.
You know, we thought that they were, you know,
chat in Jeremy.
You know, you can't even get a singer's chat.
You have five.
He was gorgeous.
They were neither one of them were cute.
No, chat is gorgeous.
I see.
You know, take, uh, pick up your album covers again.
He is gorgeous.
I don't want to get out of it.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Thank you.
Okay.
I'll stick with Don Grady.
Fine.
And by the way, they're all older now anyway.
So what do you can't live in the past, man?
You can't live in the past.
There are a lot of people that used to look good, okay?
I bet you even, uh, what's your name used to look pretty good?
Sister Murray Margaret Elizabeth.
567-0560, 560 on a mobile one line.
Mother Teresa, she used to look good too, huh?
No?
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Neil, what's going on?
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
What is it?
You're talking to Camilo.
You need to have that pumping straight.
Well, what does that mean?
I'm talking to Camilo.
I'm telling you who I am.
I'm telling you I got a pump.
Okay, 567-0560, 560 on a mobile one line.
How's said?
I'm really, very, very sad.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, huh?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Good, good.
Hey, you know about that stupid thing.
Uh, it all depends, you know?
It depends about what you eat and what you take in, you know?
That's what it just said.
That's what it got through reading.
Right, right.
I just met the line spitting.
They're 20 minutes reading here, sir.
That's exactly what I just said.
Yeah, no, no, I've been listening to you.
Hey, that lady.
What was her positioning?
Again, the one that says the banana shape.
What was her position on what?
Over there.
She worked in New York with that B.A. or something?
Yeah, her position was prone.
567-0560, 560 on a mobile one line.
It's going to have to start taking notes, I guess, sir,
when I start reading these very important things.
You start getting a pencil and a legal yellow pad,
because you're going to have to take some notes.
I can't repeat the old 20 minutes just because you're so slow.
Here's the mobile and crawl spring.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I heard you all along talking about your 32XPR
over the past couple of years.
I happened to have one of those two.
And I went out and bought, because I got to have the bigger,
some of the needed bigger set.
I got to hit Todd.
No, 53.
Old, older vision.
53XPR.
53XPR.
Oh, that's what you've had before.
Oh, it wasn't a tube, it was a projection.
Right.
Oh, okay, I'm sorry.
I thought you had a 32XPR, Sony.
Anyway, I like me, though, and did it around with 32 inches.
I know, well, it's a great picture for the right size room.
Right.
But there's a problem.
The Hattachi Ultra Vision, and they have an FBX,
and that's the 50-inch one I bought.
Right.
Within the first couple of days, it just would shut off on its own.
You could turn it right back on, so I knew it wasn't overheating
and then the relapse, which wasn't shutting it off to protect itself.
There was something fluky.
So I actually took the remote, put it in the other room,
thinking the remote's going off and misfiring,
and shutting it off, and that wasn't it.
So they brought me out a brand new one.
Same exact thing happened to that one.
So finally, I said, that's it.
Take it back.
I got the Mitsubishi.
And unfortunately, as my Mitsubishi was about 32,
and those Hattachis were around 25.
I don't know what you paid for yours, but you probably got the SDS.
I got a great deal on it.
Yeah, I imagine you get some great deals,
but I mean, the picture I like, but come on.
You can't shut it off.
Well, I'll tell you one thing, the remote can.
I only had about 10 minutes this morning after the,
because I had to come to work, but the remote control,
to me, seemed like a tinker toy.
It just didn't seem to work every time I pressed it,
and I don't know, compared to the Sony one, it seemed like a play toy.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
That's the Sony XBR.
That's a tough set to be.
But anyhow, when the guy was talking about the sub-warfer and stuff,
that's something, until you have a sub-warfer,
you don't know what you're missing, Neil.
And they're not that bad as far as cost wise.
You should consider putting that away.
Yeah, but I got two gigantic poke speakers that I have my amplifier through,
and if I want to run the TV through that, I can do it any time I want.
So I can get just unbelievable sound.
I don't have to worry about that.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, you can do it that way.
I can crank that thing up and just drive the whole neighborhood out.
But supposedly this satachi and the actual Mitsubishi that I ended up with
were the two best pictures that everyone kind of agreed.
Those two were neck and neck.
But when it showed off, I said,
Well, that happens this afternoon when I go home,
I'm taking a ball-peeing panor to it.
They told me it was a factory problem,
and they needed to come and re-sod or something.
I go, you got to fix a brand new set.
Yeah.
I don't think so.
Yeah, those japs are getting even with us now, man.
Okay, good luck, pal.
Good luck.
Yeah, you're lucky.
I'm going to Q&A in Miami, Pointe-Hotterdale.
Never before has one movie brought together two people that no one in the country really cares about.
You'll be bored to death when you see Julia Roberts' big mouth and Hugh Grant's obnoxious smile in
Notting Off Hill.
Check local listings for theaters and times.
Notting Off Hill.
Trouble two at five sixty WQM.
It's working on me.
Former Mayor Veltree to repay $44,191 in plantation.
Compensation against city rules.
Former plantation mayor Frank Veltree said on Thursday he would give back to $44,191,
he accepted in sick leave and vacation pay.
Money to city's attorney concluded the one time elected leader was not legally entitled to take.
And it goes on to say Veltree said he would reimburse the city.
I didn't think I was taking something.
I wasn't entitled to.
Anybody believe that?
Nice going, old fart.
$56,705,60,000, $5,60,000 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Tapered like a banana butt load speaking of suds.
Yes, sir.
Former Mayor modeled Neal and heterosexual.
I've posed Neal and didn't really care if the audience was going to be male or female.
I don't know what the big deal is with that.
Oh, there are a lot of guys very uptight about that.
Yeah, I don't understand that.
I've heard a couple of guys that called in,
sound like Julio's screaming about guys who modeled or gave it.
I would say less than half of the guys I ever worked with were gay.
Really?
But I do have an update.
First of all, that's a great way to meet chicks.
You get a lot of dates modeling that way.
When they are, girls expect guys that they work with to be gay when you turn out not to be gay.
And you're halfway good looking.
They're interested.
I worked in Dallas for a long time modeling.
And I got a Troy Aigman update for you.
Yes.
I can confirm that a friend of mine who was a Dallas cowboy cheerleader,
they dated for a year.
So he was straight in that respect.
He actually had to quit the squad to date him because it was against squad rules.
But I also know a guy that worked with the modeling industry who claims to have first-hand experience with Troy on the other side of the tracks.
Right.
So I guess I spread it around, maybe.
That's what it seems.
And that's it for me.
But you said he was straight in that respect.
Well, he was straight.
That was when he first came to Dallas.
Every other day he was straight.
Yes, I'm like, okay, thanks.
Okay.
Oh, don't spread those ugly rumors because you know how the sports nerds are.
They crumble.
They just fall to pieces when they hear things like that.
They get real, real nervous, conjuring up image as though people like Jeff and Doug pop of it's taking showers with Troy Aigman and things like that.
And with Brad, what's his name?
Davis.
I mean, Brad.
Whatever the hell his name is.
Butch Davis.
I don't think Brad's taking too many showers anymore.
Do you?
No.
No doubt it.
5.670560.
Count 560.
Well, he had that horrible time in Turkey, you know.
Here's a high-lea.
Hello.
High-lea.
What's with these buttons, man?
Oh, look at that thing.
Jesus, hit it.
High-lea.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
I had to try that twice.
I was ashamed.
I had hung up on me.
No, no.
This fall is rebelling.
Okay.
Unlike some of the hoodies in high-lea, I'm not here to crank off.
Yeah.
I'm not sure if I just had listened to you earlier today.
So I'm not sure if you talked about this already.
Miami-Herole Sports section, weekend sports.
But I'm on the page.
But Doug, Jeff pop of it.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Of course I talked about Doug's girlfriend called in earlier.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, I'm going to tell you.
You're honest that they are both very heterosexual all the way.
She insisted that Jeff doesn't have a girlfriend.
All right.
Now listen.
Why are they going to put such a small little picture of Jeff
as such a huge picture of this historic wood?
I mean, I'd rather see that huge picture of Jeff.
Well, if you put 200 pages 10 on the inside there, it looks like that.
He's not even that big.
I have to go to the Disneyland model.
It goes big to me.
Well, okay, that's nice.
And somebody on the lady that called in said it was a gigantic.
So it's not that big.
It's not even a quarter of the page.
I have to go to the Disneyland mine, check out that.
The floor is ceiling thing that I've come up on.
I guarantee you, we'll cover more than a quarter of the page.
Thank you so much, Neil.
And have a great day.
Okay.
56670560.
It's just, am I like on this, you know, I'm like on the fourth floor, and they're all like
on the basement today.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I've lived on there with a review of Farewell, the God and the Sun Sentinel.
Yeah, by the religion.
You were the religion editor.
You're right.
You seem pretty pissed off because the book was attacking Adam and Eve and Noah's Ark.
What did the book say?
Like they took a talk about Noah and dinosaurs, Adam and Eve and God knowing the future.
What did he say about it?
Because he's...
You know what I'm saying?
What do you mean, what did it say about it?
No, because he was really pissed off about it.
Well, I don't remember exactly what it said.
It obviously, he bunked very clearly and very emphatically and very well done.
And what can I say?
He was hooked.
It was old.
Well, what do you expect him to say?
He's the religion editor.
He's a religious nut.
How can you have him reviewing a book against religion?
What's amazing is that book isn't in the story.
He's reviewing it because of you.
That's why.
No, the book isn't in the story.
Really?
Yeah.
He had it right now.
It only took about three years and they finally let him put the book in the book.
Oh, one more thing.
Like I said, if dinosaurs totally destroyed it, Noah's Ark story.
That's really brainless.
Oh, he had Barney and Dino and Dino and Dino Wander.
He had Dino and Cicerelli on there too, is what I hear speaking of dinosaurs.
Good luck, Dino.
You'll need it.
567-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
North Miami with four question marks.
Hello.
Any Aroyah?
Okay, sir.
Can I have a mic for a little bit?
About.
I mean, the last person I could, I remember back in 1980s, there was a slogan, the last person
in Miami, please, please, don't forget to bring the flag.
Yeah.
I mean, the policy of just letting everybody come in, I mean, not everybody, excuse me.
Only selected people, which is only have to be QB nationalities, can come in, become a
residence, become a citizen.
On the other side, we don't lift the involved against QB and people so they would come in
as well because we were expecting all the flow of QB and the revolved against the castle.
But yet, we still have this QB and adjustment act, which is a vow, anybody who is not happy,
please, then comes here.
Yeah.
Sick of it.
And so is everybody else with a brain?
Yeah, but the thing everybody else doesn't get the benefits of the other.
QB comes in, automatically becomes residents, they automatically have to, they become citizens.
Not any other nationality, if he was crossed a bird.
But George isn't even a citizen.
He's got a yellow card, a day automatic.
Yeah.
As soon as the one year or one day after the, when they are in Florida, you have to go
and get your voter registration card and promise to vote for Governor Boots and you have
to stand there and go.
And kiss it, you're roselighted and honor ring and then you can become a citizen.
Yeah, that's the way it works.
Okay, good luck to town.
Adios.
Holy mackinon, this is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening
to the hockey authority, Neil God.
Working in the fields and be picked in touch and then be came as a Canadian working for
the man, for the man, for the man, the high and happy what was Lincoln.
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, nobody knows that general grand was really off the conco.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, we be redid in history.
Yo, yo, yo, we be redid in history.
It wasn't Joe, it was then they're watching them town Jefferson was Joe and we made the flag,
made the flag, he made it with the wind.
Our shopping was making me, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, nobody knows that.
I'm a sure was really good to have a soul.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, we be redid in history.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, we be redid in history.
Think of that by the way, it's an out the NAACP is having a nervous aircraft because
they coming fall TV programs.
The line up doesn't have enough ethnic minorities in there.
Don't have any ethnic minorities starring in any of the shows so they're all pissed off and
been on the shape.
That would be like somebody like the like maybe the clan or some other white supremacy
group filing a lawsuit saying, well, we're pissed off and fired up because the NBA, you
don't have enough of our white players in it.
Right?
I mean, what kind of crap is that?
Like do we have some kind of a quota system that says we have to have, you know, so many,
I mean, I can think of times when there were so many damn black sitcoms on you and all
the same, by the way, he just wanted a puke like today.
Do you want the WB lately?
The only good one of which, by the way, was the Jefferson's.
The other ones all sucked like good times even though we did like Esther Roll, resting
pieces.
But other than that, they made me one other black sitcom that was good.
I'll get back here.
I mean, we even had to put up with that goddamn Bill Crosby.
How many hundred shows did he have in each and every one of them sucked big time?
And we already had I love Lucy.
That should cover you Julios for a long time.
You don't have to care, do you?
Huh?
We're not bitchin' about that.
Now, you got more other stupid things to do.
We got our own channel thing.
Yeah, right.
You got those goddamn novellas there.
What have they called those things at night?
What do they call them?
Novellas.
Oh, yeah, like I said, that crap.
All those fag shows.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
All this whining and carrying on and we're gonna sue and everybody's suing everybody.
That's the American F&W baby.
We don't like the fall lineup.
See, forget about the fact that the show is all suck.
Forget about the fact that the TV audience, the viewing audience, is forced to choose between
crap on ABC and crap on NBC and worse crap on TV.
Yes, forget about that.
Well, we got to worry about the skin color.
And you'll notice, by the way, that every commercial that comes on, we have to have.
It's obligatory.
You have to have somebody sparsers in there and you have to have so many Holy O's in there.
Every commercial that comes on now.
Why?
I hate to break the news to these people, but you know, maybe if you live in Detroit,
you should have like your own programming.
If you live in Detroit or maybe like St. Louis, and you should have to watch shows that
have a lot of dark people in them.
But if you live like in San Diego, or you live in Lansing, Michigan, although I guess they
got a lot of sparsers there, they're gonna have that football and basketball team going.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, it's a beautiful day out there today, Neil.
It is?
Yeah.
Thought was raining cats and dogs.
I don't know.
We're inside.
We have no way to see.
No, it's just gorgeous, but I see once again, you're fired up this morning.
It's, yeah.
I mean, you sound like a real hate.
When do we get to the materials?
I sound like a real hate monster.
Do you listen to the body?
Do you listen to the show?
Does that happen to find you entertaining at times?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, let me tell you, I don't find your calls entertaining because every single one of
them is the same.
You find me entertaining at times.
What are we talking about?
Hate today.
We're talking about foul movements.
We're talking about male models.
We're talking about football players.
What are we talking about?
Hate.
We're having a good time.
You're just a one-no-charlie with the same sour push attitude.
If it's a beautiful day out there, why don't you get out there and do something in
it.
Go on and play goddamn golf.
Go play tennis.
Go scuba diving.
Go into your ocean for a while.
Don't bother coming back out.
Sure as a beautiful day.
If it's a beautiful day, it sure as health rules and all our makers that am dish was
out here for about 20 minutes earlier.
It must have been poor cats and dogs.
I bet you it's hotter and hell out there.
You know, it's the 16th of July.
What a shock.
We were having a good time until you called up and pissed it off for everybody else, sir.
We were having a great time here.
Here's Boker.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, how you doing?
I was doing great to let Jack ask called in.
Yeah, well, it was schmuck.
Listen, you know, get back to your TV deal.
If you have a problem with that TV, I just recently purchased a Mitsubishi 50800 HDTV
ready.
Oh, HDTV ready?
The Hest of the Adapter?
Yeah, that's the box.
Well, how much is that?
About 6 grand?
No, it was 3500.
Yeah.
And I'm telling you, the picture is fabulous on the satellite.
It's got 1200 lines of resolution.
Even though the satellite only gives you about 700.
The picture is absolutely fabulous.
And it's a 50 inch.
I mean, it may make them up to 74 inch.
Yeah, 50 inches enough for my room is big enough for bigger than that.
Yeah, I can get it between the two windows considering that my wife, you know, got this silly
thing that you got to put your CDs in and all that other stuff.
But I have it running through my amplifier, a Yamaha 995, which is 100 watts per channel.
And it is absolutely, I'm telling you, fabulous.
When people come over here and I put the TV on and my other phones ring and when I put
the TV on, it rocks the house.
Right.
Okay, but I'd rather it might be Ed McMahon.
Yeah, but thanks, Neil.
Okay, see you.
See, as soon as I said Ed McMahon, he said, well, good point.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18th.
He either has 10 million dollars or some, but he Budwizer, one or the other.
Here's the mobile and crawl springs.
Hello.
Mobile and crawl springs.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
I want to touch a little bit on it.
Should be to God or for you farewell, the God book.
Yeah.
That review the other week.
You know, I got to film the reason why they came out with that review for that book was because
you got so many people ordering that book that they're losing their flock and they better get out now and
people book before they any running left going and they're sure was peculiar to see the size of the review with the
big picture of the author and the whole deal.
I mean, it was like a half a page review.
And like I said before, it's so suspect that you've got the religion editor reviewing a book that's anti-religient.
Where is there any possible credibility in what this guy has to say?
Exactly.
And why do they have the religion guy there because they're losing their people?
Yeah.
I didn't realize the sunset was in the religion business.
Well, you know, these papers now they're in everything they can get their hands in.
Anyway, that's all I had to touch on.
And have a great day.
Well, maybe they'd rather be in a religion business than the gambling business because they're sure anti-casino.
So I guess they're more into all the God bull crap.
Although they do like those escorts, their services on the sport page.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Great.
What did I know how you got talked into a Hattashi over a Sony XBR?
Because they don't carry him anymore at art where I bought my set.
And I just was impulsive like I always am.
I already have a Sony XBR that I'm getting fixed next week.
Well, you've got a Corvette, right?
Two of them.
Well, if you change, trade your Corvette in for a Cavalier.
That's what you just did with an XBR for Hattashi.
Are you serious?
Absolutely.
Oh my God.
I've been around TV for 21 years.
I work for a better electronics dealer.
We saw the B-Series I was just talking about and the XBR is too.
There's not a better television on the market.
Well, let me ask you something.
How come a big place like *** Mark doesn't have the XBR anymore?
He says we don't carry him anymore.
Well, I'm going to get deep to find a company's name.
They're not allowed to carry the higher end because they're extremely large discolors.
They try and hold the integrity of the product.
But that's where I bought my first XBR.
Yeah, but they don't carry him anymore because they would basically hold the prices out on exceptionally good televisions
and sell them for the same thing.
You sell average televisions.
So, Anward, you tell me that this Hattashi I bought is a piece of crap?
No, it's not a piece of crap.
It's a good TV, but like in everything in life, there's a good better and a best.
And you had the best.
Now you've got good or...
Well, it's not like I got rid of the XBR sitting there waiting to get fixed.
Well, get it fixed.
Get it fixed.
You'll see the difference once you start washing it again.
So I'll stick the other one in the broom closet, I guess.
Question.
You said something about good black TV shows that you hadn't seen any or couldn't remember any other than Jefferson?
Right.
What about Stanford and Bun?
That was okay.
What was it that show?
Yeah, it was a better build-cause me.
Yeah, absolutely.
Deal, thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Okay, so he said the Hattashi is a piece of crap and I should put it on my Habachi in the Burnett.
Kill it.
Butchered.
Really depressed now.
But that's what happens when you're impulsive and you walk in there and they say,
well, we don't carry that anymore, but you trust people that you've done business with before.
You assume that they're going to take good care of you and then they said you're some piece of swill,
which looks really good on a showroom floor because they got it hooked up to some laser disc and looks like you'd reach in there and touch it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I don't know about TVs, but my mom has a Hattashi rice cooker and it turned out pretty good.
Yeah, I think that's what I'm going to do on this TV this afternoon when I go home.
I'm going to cook some Miner rice on it.
Neil, how about a more mustard black sitcom?
It's Martin.
You know, like that.
What is it?
Martin.
Martin what?
Martin Lauren.
Martin Bourman.
No, I'm Martin Lauren.
Never heard of it.
Never heard of it.
It's on at 11 on channel 33.
Oh, I'm 33.
I said automatically blocks that out.
And speaking of brown things, I just do all the...
I still think that I can see the brown on what I got.
I'm talking about camel colored.
Yeah, you got problem, baby.
You better start watching what you're eating.
If they're darker shades of brown, you got real problems.
Better stopping all that Manhattan rice.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You made a bad mistake, Neil.
You got suckered into another bad deal.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Boy, like I said, I'll just stick that in one of the side rooms and pretend that I didn't waste all that money buying it.
Smuck, that's me.
You're looking to mirror and I say, smuck.
Delray B.
Hello.
I'm Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
We had last color just full.
I thought I'd know what the Martin is.
It was pretty funny for a black entertainment show.
But why do we have to have a quota on how many Holy-Os and how many Spargers
and how many everything else we have to have on television?
What kind of nonsense is that?
I don't know.
Can you ever...
Wouldn't you think that the leaders, the end of the LACP,
would have more important things to worry about than how many God-them-spargers TV shows we've got coming on this fall?
God, I'm going to crack this down.
The TV station.
All these illiterate people running around reproducing like rabbits and this guy's worried about the sitcoms
going to be on TV this fall.
Have you heard or seen of the BETF, the black entertainment show?
Sure, of course.
What is the...
You know, the sight people should gang up on them.
If we had a role White-Pony award show, our White-Pony TV show, our station, how do you think that will go over?
Well, let me ask you this.
How about...
Well, wait a minute.
How about MTV and much music?
They both have these segments, these rap segments.
We're 99% of the videos that they showed during those hours or however long they do.
They're all black artists.
Now, what would happen if they had segments on there where they only had white artists singing?
The end of the LACP people would be screaming, fall, maybe they'd be having a nervous crap.
Hey, you know what happens when my TV when that comes on?
It goes off.
Hey, can I call somebody to dispatch?
Yeah.
I'm going to be dispatch.
Okay.
Thank you.
Here, let's have a quota.
Let's have so many shows with Jews on it.
Let's have so many shows with Fags on it.
Let's have a...
How about Chinese shows?
We're going to have Chinese shows.
No.
No.
How about you were Slavians?
No.
No.
What the hell's wrong?
They've had all those problems over there that had to go through Living Hill.
Do we have any shows to appease them?
No.
And like I said, other than I love Lucy, reruns are going to have Hispanic shows?
No.
He's not been out of shape about that too, by the way.
The end of the LACP guy.
He chewed that into like he really cares about that, which he doesn't.
Here's a mobile and dear field beach.
Hello?
Yeah, hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey listen, I'm a beautiful day out.
I'm on the way up to Karma.
And that's what that other guy said.
It's a beautiful day.
That guy on the way up culture with the same sourpuss.
No, listen, I'm on my way up to quit my job and Karma bought the douchebag.
So I am having a good day.
Good.
Anyways, I just want to vent a little bit.
And Craig, if you listen it, you'll say I hope you choke on your lunch.
Okay.
Okay, 56670516.
He says he hopes you choke on it and your lunch too is what he said.
Choke on this.
No.
But Neil Rogers shows you sports ready.
That's a double reason.
You know what you would say.
A double reason when it's a bunch of it.
It's Friday, you were good.
Crap.
And speaking of crap.
So the lovely Jason, by the way, from our sports producing department.
Just walks in here.
And this is just before my lunch is going to arrive from Chuck.
I'm ready to upchuck at this point.
I mean, it's one thing to be timely.
Okay, that's great.
Okay, it fits right in with the topic of conversation.
And a great article I had from the Toronto Star, the scoop on poop.
But do we really have to get quite that graphic?
You know, I've talked about this before.
I'm not one of those people who has the need.
I'm not saying that I don't look, especially when it feels like maybe I've had one of those championship bananas that you're supposed to have.
Those four times in my life.
That's once every 12 years, 14 years.
But I'm not one of those people who feels compelled to look behind me, to see what I've left behind in the bull before I said it on its merry way down the uplumming.
But evidently, Jason is one of those people who is obsessed with that.
And by the way, I hate to break the news to you, Jason.
But when you have a hook like that, it usually means hookworm is what it usually tells you.
He thought it was a J. It was a hook as in hookworm.
He brings in a polaroid of a beautiful, lovely, perfect turd in the shape of a J.
You turd?
Yeah.
He could have taken that to the county fair.
Now, of course, you really have to stop and wonder.
Again, it's right in the middle of lunch hour, 12, 13 in the afternoon.
I don't want to get too obsessed with this excretory activity here.
But one has to really wonder how one eliminates a long turd in the shape of a J.
I would be surprised on Monday if he brings one in the shape of the letter B.
That would be kind of interesting.
Huh?
Yeah.
And right to the end of Tuesday, he brings one in in the shape of the letter Q, which I think will really be fascinating.
Yeah.
And on Wednesday, when he brings in one in the shape of the letter M,
alphabet soup.
Yeah.
Alphabet soup.
There you go.
Give me an M.
Oh, you're J.
Oh!
God.
Give me a break.
People think it's one thing to look, but to take pictures of it, this I will grant you.
See, I tell you, every day we learn something new one is show.
It wasn't enough that we had all that fantastic, very valuable information about our bodily functions
and the VMs and so on and seeking and floating, etc.
and banana shaped and caramel colored.
But now we actually have people taking photographs of their own movements.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
I know it.
Okay.
Yeah, the XPR.
This is not comparison.
What size was that?
You get repaired.
53.
Oh, so there are projection TVs.
Yeah.
Okay.
I think it was a regular direct view TV.
No.
I've had one for years and it wouldn't change if anything.
What an XPR?
Yeah.
It's a great set.
Oh, yeah.
You can get them at sound advice though.
I know they'll put shit on my, they don't have them.
They have that new figure, which is an excellent looking TV too.
Yeah.
You know, that flat screen type.
Mm-hmm.
Right.
How big do they make those?
37.
Now, see, I want mine big.
Yeah.
One thing, as well as I do, once you've had a real big screen, you don't want to go back and watch it.
It looks like you're watching a post-it stamp.
Yeah, that's true as far as viewing goes.
But, you know, the picture quality is still the best in the right view.
I don't care what anybody says.
Yeah, that's what I'm going to say.
I'm going to say it's pretty tough to beat the XPR though.
That's right.
That's right.
I get that.
When you've got this sample like this, you can reach right in there and patch them on the torches.
Yeah.
And on MTV2, that's 95%.
White rocker roll.
That's why they got the MTV2.
Yeah, but they don't crawl at that.
They don't crawl at what?
White.
Oh, no.
But that's why the MTV2 exists.
But it's sucks.
Well, if you want to watch a crazy rocker roll out, then that's what that is.
Yeah, like I said, it sucks.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks, pal.
MTV2, that's just, oh, god.
It's kind of like that J. The Jason just brought in.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile-in-point in V-chilla.
Hey, Neil.
Going back to ways, and it's hard to remember, but I think James and Andy wasn't there.
I think that's really bad.
But the real reason I called, I'm an airline pilot.
Getting on an airplane the other day.
Not American, I hope.
Nope.
Oh, boy.
That's the sky Nazis.
They sure have had some problems lately, boys.
Smokets in your eyes, smokets in the cabin.
And just every time you turn around, Americans got another problem.
Hey, stuff happened.
Anyway, I'm getting on this airplane, and there's a nicely dressed, uh,
African-American, African-American gentleman, getting on the airplane with me,
and a nice pair of slacks, nice culture.
I'm sure it says, uh, little logo, the Black American Pilots Association of America.
I wonder what would happen if we started a white airline pilot's association of America.
How long have you got it?
Yeah.
Anyway, I just wanted to get your spin on that and let you know that there is a Black Pilots Association of America.
Maybe we oughta try and join that thing and see how far we get.
Okay.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
How about the gay Pilots Association?
In fact, maybe we can have a head of our sexual five attendance union.
What do they be?
Like four members in that?
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the only AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, buddy Nevin's my close personal friend of the Sun Sentinel.
Somebody just backed me.
This was your already clipped out of the paper, but thanks for reminding me.
Kosher inspections challenge.
Lawyer says program is unconstitutional.
He's right, by the way.
San Fields, who was a non-practicing Jew, a Fort Lauderdale lawyer, political strategist and chromogen says.
Kosher inspections by government are uncoachier and unconstitutional.
But on Thursday, a Broward Advisory Committee rejected an hour-long argument from Fields that county kosher inspections violate the separation of church and state.
He is absolutely correct.
If they want to have like somebody from the rabbinical council or whatever it is, go around inspecting the chickens and the meat all this other and peeing on it or whatever it is they do, that's their business.
But to have the county, any government agency, spending money to go around to make sure who's being naughty and nice and what's really kosher and what isn't is totally unacceptable.
But of course, Broward being terrified and pandering to the old Jewish population there, the old Orthodox are saying,
Oi!
But out.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neal.
Yes, sir.
Good show, man.
One thing that I'd like to say is that the end of the AT&T just been trying too hard not to be black, but just to be professional niggers.
It's one thing to be African-American or being black or whatever.
And another thing is trying to be yourself by being a complete nigger.
Yeah.
You know, that's the bottom line.
The same way that you have the Cuban-Fal'd nations and the white American nation, the black nation.
Right.
Like that.
The more they try to put it, you know, to make everybody the same, the more they separate from each other.
You know, being black is what you are is not what you have to be.
Okay.
So that's it.
Okay, lighten up.
56670560, pound 560, anybody said?
No.
Lighten up.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Let's find the Hank Wilbur Show with two, six o'clock Donnie B. Talkin' baseball, six thirty-hour pregame.
The Marlins who pulled one out last night.
Anybody excited about that?
No.
Let them be headed again in Toronto with 7.05 tonight.
Whether you're ready or not.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Yeah.
As a black man, I think the, I just want to make a few points here.
I think the whole thing that your white collars are missing is that you know, I don't know,
maybe you guys haven't been around long enough but black people put up with a lot of crap.
Yeah.
I'm going to be on this country.
Okay.
Yeah, I also have Jews and so of Gays and so on a lot of other minorities.
All right.
What's your comments?
Well, still, the fact of the matter is that the NAACP is saying that you know, more black people watch television during the prime time hours than white people.
Well, what does that have to do with it? Don't black people eat spaghetti?
Yeah, but what still do you?
Don't black people drink milk?
But still you're missing the point.
No, no, no, you're very poor.
You're missing food on the television.
I've seen any black shows.
What do you have to make sure that shows are black or not?
The point is that you're not responding to my question.
What differences that make whether the people on the programs are black or not if they're good programs?
Who cares?
Well, you're saying that black people are out there reproducing like rabbits and that we're running wild too.
I didn't say running wild.
I said reproducing like rabbits.
We're reproducing like rabbits but we have a lower birth rate than both the Asians and Hispanics in this country.
How about white people?
What about white people?
Lower birth rate?
No, we don't.
Oh.
But does that mean they were reproducing like rabbits?
How about literacy rates?
But is that our fault?
Well, I mean, is it something wrong?
It's so far as I'm concerned, the NAACP should be a hell of a lot more worried about the quality of education that young black people are getting.
And the kind of jobs that young black people are qualified for as opposed to worrying about what TV programs we got on.
And it's actually something that you should be incurring.
You're all black people that turn TV off and go out there and read a book.
That would be more productive.
Yeah, but is it our fault that the government doesn't give black schools enough money to put out decent equipment for students to learn to hire good teachers?
Yeah.
And let me ask you this.
Let me ask you this.
I mean, we could get into a real long because I get really worked up about this stuff.
When you talk about different neighborhoods and what happens in the schools deteriorate and degenerate because a lot of people move to the suburbs and white kids are out of the school and it becomes mostly a ghetto-wise school.
Let me ask you something.
Why do people move out of those neighborhoods? Are they all racists?
No, they're not all racists.
Well, what happens to the neighborhood?
The fact of the matter is that a lot of white people today think they're just black people or nothing but dope pushing ghetto dwellings.
Right away.
Because they're going to crap.
Is that black people's fault? No.
Whose fault is it?
You know, it's not every black person's fault that maybe 5% of the population is out there dealing drugs and shooting each other.
Whose fault is it that neighborhoods that were once lived in by a lot of very wealthy people when black people move into those neighborhoods in large numbers?
Whose fault is it that those neighborhoods often deteriorate and turn into slums?
Is that white people's fault?
Is that the black people's fault?
Yes, it is. It's whoever's living there's fault. That's correct.
Why is it their fault, though?
Well, who else is responsible for it? Did the dog do it? Who else is responsible?
Yeah, but also it has to do with the fact that a lot of white people just don't win living except white people.
Sir, you're full of baloney. People I have black people in my neighborhood as long as people are able to keep their houses up and live like decent human beings, most white people, most any people don't care about that.
People don't want to live in trouble.
You know back in the... I'm not talking about facts. I'm not talking about...
Have a nice day. You can't deal with the facts. You can't deal with reality.
I'm not interested back in the 60s and the 50s I'm talking right now.
And I can take you on a tour of North-Dade County. I can take you on a tour of parts of the city of Detroit where friends of my...
who used to live in what today would be million dollar houses and mansions that are all black neighborhoods now that have deteriorated that are slums.
Now, whose fault was that, sir? Did I do it? Did the Jews do it? Who did it?
And where's this business about taking responsibility for your own behavior again? Whatever happened to that?
But this guy, he's got an... It's everybody else's fault. It's not our fault.
Get a brain. Get an education. You sound like a bright guy. You ought to understand that.
19 to 1 at 560 QA. I'm selection service and a whole lot of savings what you get when you shop at a plant's TV depot.
In fact, I should have gone see if I had any relation with John Penis, if I had a sales guy who took care of me, who had any kind of communication with us other than crap.
I would have probably called our good friends at a plant's TV depot and now I want up with a crappy TV set.
Hi, this is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
I took a call from the electronics. They say the future piece I spoke to me now I can't get no job.
Because I have no got no literacy. I was talking like a no-need role.
He bought an exhaustive house this way. Now I can't do nothing. But I heard it say it's that okay.
Change my name to shoot throw. Drive a doosentic order and a candlelight.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside, the build a deer farm, grind the blues out father's teeth.
White devil's got no yaw foe the entire path.
Photobomics can give my mouth a chance. Now I have got to go and sell both raccocains.
Raccocains. Raccocains. Raccocains. Raccocains. Raccocains. Raccocains. Raccocains. Raccocains.
Learning what a boy is song.
If I had to make the sound fun it got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make more money.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside, the build a deer farm.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside, the build a deer farm.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside, the build a deer farm.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside, the build a deer farm.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside, the build a deer farm.
Prop 48 is 560 WQAM. You're a living white station for the 90s. That guy just fucked my ass.
Everything is everybody else's fault. Take responsibility for your own actions.
I'm not talking about you taking responsibility for other people's actions, but how about them taking responsibility?
Even if all the white people were bigoted and didn't want to move out of those neighborhoods, how come when you go back in a few months or in a couple of years?
The neighborhood is totally disintegrated and deteriorated, and so many of the businesses have closed up or moved out.
Why is that?
Were all those people in business who had invested a year?
You know, I think of like when I lived in the North day, the Egolean glades there, Mary's restaurant. God was that a great place.
Anybody here long enough to remember Mary's? No.
Of course not.
Remember the sub-center which I could cross the street because that's the layer. How you doing Chuck?
Thank you, sir.
But I mean, Mary's closed up. Why did that neighborhood change?
Because the residents changed, because the complexion of the neighborhood changed.
Chuck Steakhouse, they're on 441 up in Lauderdale, or is that still plantation on the, or whatever that is on the west side?
Long gone.
And why? Because it's a change in neighborhood. If you see the condition of that neighborhood, it must be somebody else's fault.
Everything is everybody else's fault, sir.
Here's a mobile and dear field beach. Hello?
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir.
I was calling to tell you, I don't, I can't understand what Jeb Bush and the majority of these state governments have against her is raising.
I, four or five years ago, I went up to Foxboro and the state had given the racetracks up their lottery ticket to solve the track and they keep the money.
Yeah.
Well, they wasn't planning on what it was going to produce. They've had to produce the millions.
So here comes some politicians and said, well, the racetracks can't have this money. It needs to go and build roads at schools.
So they took it away from the track. But for 40 years, how many roads in the schools is hard-facing?
It was one of the most overtaxed sports in the country.
Yeah.
So why won't Bush give the track the slots to help try to...
Because he's anti-gambling, you're asking me or is it a rhetorical question because he's a goody-two shoes because he's a phony, phony-born-again piece of crap. That's why.
So you go let whole business die off then.
That's right. That's correct.
That is correct. Just like his predecessor would. You can mention trials, you can mention Bush and Buddy McCabe wouldn't have been any different either.
Because you deal with all a bunch of red necks. That's Florida politics. There are a bunch of crackers.
I guess Paris say we in New York can airplay us because they're... Don't care about our situation.
The Dying Sport Pal, I hate to break the news to you because I love it but it's a Dying Sport.
And you know, can I bring up one more thing?
How come there's no Indian shows then? Everybody else wants to go play about it.
Dad, the good point. We can even have the lone ranger back. Excellent point. Let's bring Taco back.
I said, well this looks really good. Steak tea's an onion, it's too bad you're not hungry.
What? I'm not.
Okay. I know. Whatever. Hey, great. Would it lose weight? Whatever you say.
Maybe I have a...
But you're always sick anyway. You're the more... You're the more worse than Joe Buster.
Why do you keep saying that? Because it's true. You're the least...
The most recent period of the sick building where I was sick all the time and so was everybody else.
You're always... Years before that and years since. I haven't called him sick once.
I'm not talking about calling him sick but just you're just... They're not a healthy person.
It is true. You're full of crap.
Well, that's beside the point.
But I got a J-working.
Hey, I got a... I got my whole...
Yeah. I got a monogram going on.
I got to have the alpha bed working after I ate this great lunch from Chuck over at the sub-center.
On a corner of 4,4199th, the great place boy. They're great.
Oh, this is good. Thank you so much.
So even if you're not hungry, at least you came up with a good idea for my lunch.
Here's Virginia Key. Hello?
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Is this Pawdy Tug?
Yeah, Pawdy Tug.
Hey, I was going to talk about a story.
You're talking about looking at your thing and all and the porcelain...
Yeah, I've looked at my thing.
It's pretty repression.
I expect quite an all the time because it's true that depending on what you eat,
that's how you tell if you're healthy or not inside.
If you're eating the right stuff.
Yeah.
But in all of you healthy?
Well, most of the time, fortunately, yes.
But I eat a lot of junk food and I can tell.
I can tell when I drop my load in the bucket.
But somebody took a picture of one and showed it to you?
I have a picture of one in my house.
Okay, great. Well, set it right over.
I'm right on our second bite of lunch.
Okay?
And we got turd talk.
Second bite of lunch. A delicious lunch.
I got a nice, perfect, that kids lunch.
Slice steak.
Onions, cheese, melted all through it.
Delicious. Nice going, Chuck.
They even sprinkled garlic on it.
Oh, and even a little garlic on it too, which will make me really...
Have a beauty.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's a D.
Yeah, you watch.
I'm going to bring in pictures next week on Monday.
It's going to be a D.
Who's with a D?
In fact, hey, that's a good idea.
What we're going to do from now on?
Because we got some people who got really bad stomachs in this place anyway.
Don't flush.
Of course, some people don't need the advice.
Just don't flush in there next time you relieve yourselves in the restroom here.
And what we'll do is have Jason run around with his Polaroid camera.
And we'll take pictures of it.
Okay, who cut the K?
Who cut the T?
Excellent.
Here's the lady, model, and adventurer. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
I did my first time calling.
I wanted to just talk about a couple things that you had brought up.
Number one, my husband is one of your disciples.
Great.
So he gets me listening to you all the time.
Oh, right.
Yes, but two things here.
First of all, as listening to your conversation about bowel movements,
and I got this great device for everybody to hear about,
that I actually got from the lady who does my colonics called a squatter.
So when you're sitting on a toilet, you actually lift your feet up so people don't have to run.
Because when people run, that's obviously how they get hemorrhoids a lot of the time.
And if you're interested, I could tell you more about it.
It lifts your feet up.
Yeah, in other words, in other words, the way people in America...
In addition to which I have never grunted in my life taking a bowel movement.
I've been in public restrooms, and I hear these guys grunting,
and I wonder what they're really doing in there.
I've never grunted during a bowel movement in my life.
I've had some excruciating bowel movements, but I've never grunted.
Well, the whole purpose of this is if you look at how in third world countries people go to the bathroom, they squat.
So, in essence, that is a normal posture to be able to put your...
Remember you were talking about your colon being in a straight position instead of curved around like a cork.
Instead of being kinky, yeah.
Exactly.
Nothing more than a kinky colon.
Well, we won't go into that place, right?
I hope not.
But anyway, so you put this device, and it actually just lifts your feet or your knees up higher,
so you don't have to...
How about your Ricky Martin's been using one of those for years?
They say his legs are usually up in the air, but anyway.
But anyway, I'm sick of Ricky Martin, but wait a minute.
So I just wanted to say that, but one other thing is I'm a native South Floridian grew up in Miami Beach and live in North-Dade.
And guess what I'm trying to do?
Why is that?
What the exact same reason that you just mentioned?
Because your neighborhood is turning into a toilet?
Yeah, but you know something, in all fairness, I don't necessarily think it's about black and white.
I really think it's about economic level.
Because if the area's got old or people that could only afford cheaper houses have moved into this area,
and they don't have the money to upkeep it, and it creates a cycle where people that have the money.
And I'm not saying I'm a millionaire, but I have the money to move.
I have nothing on my mind, but escaping from here and going somewhere else.
And that's the plight of what's happened in the day.
Besides the fact I can't stand a county just like what you talk about all the time.
Right.
So, anyway, I just wanted to share my thoughts with you, and that's it.
Okay, keep those legs up in the air, sweetheart.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye.
For creating a life with me, help you to make it hard.
For a lottery day.
It's the lottery to two hours.
It's time for Turdjog.
The show that gets to what's really deep down inside of you.
And now here's your host, Colin Cornwallis.
Good evening.
I'm Colin Cornwallis, your host, and welcome to Turdjog.
The little finds are already lit up, so let's just get right down to the phones.
And let's see, who's on number two?
It's Steve.
Steve, you're on the air.
Hi, Colin.
I'm a first time caller.
All right.
We got a little something for you, Steve.
Hang on.
So what's on your mind?
Well, I just wanted to let you know how much the wife and I enjoy the show, and hold on.
Let me get to paper here.
Okay.
I'm back.
So your wife loves the show.
That's great.
Tell me, Steve.
You're wiping right now, aren't you?
Yes, I am.
Okay.
When you wipe, do you prefer a forward stroke or a backwards stroke?
I think I prefer a forward stroke, as a matter of fact, the wife was just saying, uh-oh.
What's the matter?
I think I just ripped the paper.
Oh, okay.
How well did you get to wipe?
Well, I got it pretty good.
Okay.
Do you feel any pressure under your fingernails?
Yes, I do.
Oh, boy.
Remain come.
You're having what we call a push through.
Did you get any penetration?
I think so.
Okay.
Just do as I say, and everything's going to be okay.
Now, is there any clothing on the bathroom floor?
You want to look for something dot color?
Okay, let me see.
Now, pull your finger out nice and slow so you don't get a flicking effect, okay?
Okay.
Is your finger out, Steve?
Yes.
Now, the first thing you want to ask yourself as you look at your finger is, has anybody in the house really made you mad today?
No, they haven't.
Okay, go ahead and wipe it off, Steve.
Oh, thank you, Colin.
Keep up the good work.
Well, you are welcome.
And thanks for listening.
That's all the time we have for now.
Until the next turn, Doug, I'm Colin Cornwallis.
This has been Turtum.
The shielding gets down to what you're really made of.
Okay, two minutes after one at five, 60 WQN, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60,
pound, five, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, how's it going, buddy?
Okay, sir.
Happy Friday, too.
I just want to call on the response to that other gentleman they call.
And I would just like to comment, I grew up in the Miami Fort Lauderdale area,
and I'm a professional in Fort Lauderdale.
Most of the neighborhoods I grew up were in predominantly black areas of Miami.
And I don't have to disagree that the problem is solely related to some of the inner city schools.
I would have to say that in the inner city schools, which I attended,
most of the cases were that they had better equipment and teaching representatives
than some of the predominantly white schools.
And it seems that in some cases that they make cater to the inner city public and those avenues.
And in response to what he said about as far as getting good teachers,
like you said, a lot of times neighborhood will go south.
And these people start moving into the neighborhoods, white, black, whatever color they may be.
And the neighborhoods start to go down.
And I think, when I saw, personally, that they fear for their safety.
And that's why they can't get better teachers.
So, why do you think that is? Is that the white people's fault?
No, it's not the white people's fault at all.
If anything, it's up to the individual to care enough about themselves of a human being
to want something better for themselves and strive to do something different.
Like you said, pick up Rita Brothers. Go to school.
Try to do something to better yourself rather than, you know,
it's an easy way out to just to sit back and point fingers at,
oh, it's the white man's fault, oh, it's the government's fault.
And instead of looking at mirror and say, hey, it's my fault.
Amen.
That's all the material I have, Neil.
Okay, pal.
You have a good weekend, by the way.
You too.
All right, bye.
My name is Viva Blanca. I was living over there with, what's the name of that joint?
I don't want to mention it because it'll be the wrong one.
Sunrise where I had the drug dealer living a couple of doors away.
Or right next door.
The one that I ran to?
No, definitely not, Jack.
Was it Mayfair?
No, it wasn't Mayfair.
Well, what it meant, like you courts, whatever it was.
And in a raid, I had a guy that was a drug petal that lived in the next door.
And I told you all the stories.
I would tell them on the air about this guy coming home and staggering and trying to aim the key at the keyhole.
And about all the strange cars that used to come and go in a trash that used to drive around and hang out in the neighborhood and buy their drugs from this guy.
And then I get a call one day, oh, guess what?
Your former neighbor?
He's dead.
Never made it to 40, by the way.
And we have a crack house, not too far from Rylew, either, which I'm not going to talk about specifically on the air because I've had you my safety, but nevertheless.
So what isn't just a racial thing, but when you've got scumbags, when you've got people that have no kinds of values who are drug dealers, who are sick, prophetic people living in your neighborhood, the equality of life starts going downhill and people start flying out.
So simple as that.
So don't blame somebody else for moving out.
People want to live in a reasonably safe rational neighborhood.
Here's a mobile in Perine.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
I'm listening.
Hey, how's it going, man?
Okay.
Listen, a couple of callers back.
The lady was absolutely right.
It is an economic thing about some certain neighborhoods.
However, it's a racial thing too.
Why would all the white people move out of the neighborhood if a certain ethnic move in?
Does that make any sense?
You tell me.
Well, I think it's all racial, but however, they must all be in other words, they're all racist.
They're all bigots.
Yes.
As soon as a couple of black people move in, is that why all the businesses move out?
I think so.
You said it was there afraid for their safety.
It's a perception, Neil.
So another one, somebody that's invested their entire life in their business is going to pick up and move just because of the fact that they're afraid for their safety based on a perception.
Yes, it happened.
I don't believe it.
I don't buy it for a minute.
OK.
You made a statement about the Jews in addition to which how come if people can afford to live in a neighborhood, if they can afford to live up to that level, how come they can't afford to subsidize those businesses and keep them in business?
They can't, Neil.
If you look at the bigger picture, it's when they move in, the people with the money move out.
So the lower class people move in.
And that's when you have the neighborhood deterioration.
Well, it doesn't make any sense to me.
How did those people afford to buy those pieces of property and those homes in a first place?
Those kind of those houses?
How could they afford them?
Because when the white people moved out, they didn't move out first.
They didn't move out first.
You're putting the chicken before the end.
No, no, what I'm saying, there was certain certain ethnic move in.
And then when they see that they go all-march, they're going to the neighborhood and they move out, Neil.
You know, then you're, no, I don't know that.
I think you're crazy.
Okay, well listen, you mentioned about the suffering and then the Jews suffered in this country and in this Hispanics and the Indians.
No ethnic groups suffered more in this country, besides the black men than the Indians.
Yeah.
You agree with that?
Yes.
Okay, now Neil, who suffered more of the Indians than the black person?
Well, what is this?
Another one of these comparative misery games?
No, but what I'm saying is that you want to make a quiescio out of it.
No, what I'm saying is that we would have these problems if everybody treated everyone as individuals.
But they don't.
They don't.
You know, so this is why the NWCP you're saying, why can't we have equal representation on the television network?
Well, but what difference does that make?
Who cares about what's on the television network?
Who gives a crap about that?
People.
People don't respect black people more because we have more Jefferson shows on TV or more good times.
It shouldn't make a difference.
Any more than black people like white people anymore because we got all in the family or whatever we got on our sidefeld.
It doesn't make it.
Television is meaningless.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
It shouldn't make a difference.
Next part.
If it wasn't enough, would not career be done?
And would this don't be a big number one?
Take a look at my girl, tell me if it wasn't so nice?
Would I be the star of the movie out of sight?
Then don't get me, when don't you see?
Now you're not the main.
They want to grab it, grab it all down.
If you have another movie, you have another movie.
With another movie, you're the best movie.
For your company.
And would you have more cash with a big ol' safety?
I just think you're the only one.
If you have another movie, you're the best movie.
I'll try to tell you that.
Here's the fact for Mike, getting a little bit chronic on the fact machine.
But thank you for the information.
Who says he was on his way to the studio to pick up tickets for the charity basketball game
when he was wondering, Hang Show, but there's a major traffic jam on a Palmetto from Northwest
100th Street in Halea, the Coral Way.
And covering yourself accordingly.
There you go, another trip.
Every guy in the day this week.
Every day this week, there's been a traffic nightmare.
Even with half the town out of town, they still can't drive it straight and a car either.
So anyway, speaking of a great ass, let's go to Miramar.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen.
I've been listening to your show and I always agree with you on everything.
But I'm kind of confused about your attitude about the communities.
And my question is, have you ever heard the term white-white?
Yeah.
And what do you think that means?
That means white people moving out when black people move in.
And why?
Because there are a bunch of open-minded, egalitarian.
Some of them are.
And some of them aren't.
Because some of them are terrified of what's going to happen to their property value and
what's going to happen to their neighborhoods.
Well, what happens is some of the people, some of the black people...
Let me ask you something.
Does it all happen like overnight?
In other words, is the neighborhood all white on Friday?
And then after the weekend on Monday, do we wake up and find that all the white people
have moved out and all black people have replaced them?
No, that's the prescription that you're giving like these days.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
You said, don't pay attention to the 50s.
Don't pay attention to the 60s.
What about today?
Well, they ain't all happening today.
It didn't just happen today.
Yeah.
What happens is, let's say a couple of black people who are accomplished, you get together well
and not to be can move to a nice neighborhood.
And all of them just want to live in a nice neighborhood.
So they move in.
So the white-white people, the bigots, they move out.
They don't care what they're talking about.
They don't care if everybody is moving out.
They're just a bigot.
If he's black, that's what.
Yeah.
Okay.
So now what happens is everybody else sees that all of these people are selling their houses.
What happens to the price of the house?
In some places where there's plenty of demand and not many buyers, they drop.
Okay.
So as soon as they drop, then more of the black people are in a position to be able to afford the American dream.
Sir, I'm going to make a bigot of houses.
I'm going to make a bigot of houses.
I'm going to make a bigot of houses.
I'm going to make a bigot of houses.
OK.
If you're looking for a home to drive every single tree, you can go wears them all.
You're looking for a relative home.
But you can't wear them all.
How'd it get there?
How do you say land was a family member?
in the way that they choose to live sir.
The people over there now.
Yes.
What happens is the prices drops so low that these
bugs are on the news for you.
No, schleppers could never afford to buy those houses.
What happened?
What happens is they think they can afford them,
but they can't afford to keep them up.
They don't realize that because the prices are low.
OK, sir.
Well, I'll tell you, you're one of the greatest apologies
I've ever heard in my life.
I'm just going to apologize.
It's just, you know, it's just the way things go.
Sir, I'm going to tell you something.
You choose to keep your neighborhood the way you want to keep it.
And if you have any pride and any self-respect,
you keep it in a respectable way.
What you'd like to.
You would?
How do you know?
Are you mind reading?
You as one individual can't.
No, I know.
Or you are subjected to the will of the group.
And the will of the group is that we're going to live in the slum.
Well, when the bigots are all moved out, there's a pretty big group.
OK, thank you, sir.
You've said that 15 times, OK?
All the bigots have moved out.
My psychotic, hysterical, liberal friend living in the past.
You're right.
You are living in the 50s and 60s.
We've had more than ample time for people to start seeing the difference between a fourth
and a de-fourth in the trees, OK?
And don't give me a song and a dance about how Schleppers came and bought these.
And just the thought of it is ludicrous for anybody who knew that neighborhood
or many other neighborhoods that were all, I'm cities all across the country.
If you want to live in a neighborhood that's a slum and you want to behave in a certain way
that chases people out, believe me, it's going to be very effective.
Here's a mobile in four-letter day.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Noah, you're doing today.
I'm guessing you're butted.
There's a lot of times I agree with you.
A lot of times I don't agree with you.
And I've been listening to you for over 20 years.
Yes, sir.
A lot of these call us today.
Excuse me, or for a crap.
You don't mind me saying.
No, I would have had a lot of crap talk to them.
For simple reason why I have a lawsuit, depending on me, because of discrimination from
Broward County, for the simple reason I did not rent a home to a Jamaican couple.
The reason why I did not rent a home to a Jamaican couple was because they were falling
on welfare, food stamps, et cetera.
Yaman.
He did not work.
She worked as a tent making $6.60 an hour.
I was asking $940 a month to rent.
Two days later, I get a phone call from Broward County Section 8.
I'm figuring what the heck is Section 8.
This gentleman tells me that he helps up the dice and pace for people's rent.
They help them out.
May I come and look at your house?
I said, sure.
Come on over.
He looks at it and he says, well, listen.
If you take the family room and you close off, put a door here and a door here, you can
ask $1,000 a month rent.
I said, well, yeah, you're probably right.
He says, well, I tell you what.
You close off the two doors, the room.
Charge these people $1,000 a month rent.
Broward County Section 8 will pay you $941 every month out of taxpayers' money, no directly
to me.
And a couple of the lives in this home only has to come up with $59 a month of their
own money.
I ran the amount of my house because I told him how I could move two, three yards for
$59 a month and live here for $1,000 a month.
Now I refuse to rent.
I am now being sued for scrimmination by this couple and the Section 8 program in Broward
County.
Nice.
So we don't really matter for $59 a month.
It can move into $1,000 home.
They don't have to work.
So what these colors are talking about, it can be a spot, a spot, a spot or anybody's
spot except we're paying taxes and we're electing these damn politicians to keep this crap
up.
Unbelievable.
I mean, I wouldn't move into a place for $1,000 and if I only had to come up with $59
a month.
Yeah, so I'm good to me.
So you can't blame these people for moving into so-called good neighborhood.
Well, not an ad case, not an ad case, not an ad in your case.
Good luck, you pal.
I appreciate it.
Don't take any crap.
I'm trying not to.
Okay.
$567.0560, $560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
New.
Yes, sir.
Two things.
One, the five-year-old people moving into these homes and thinking that they can't afford
them when they can't.
They're getting a mortgage.
They're in there.
I would think that once they're in the homes and if they keep each person kept off their
own home, whether it's black, white, green, or purple, the neighborhood would be fine.
That's the first issue.
The second issue is this bush thing.
Did you hear on the radio about him putting these stringent laws about accepting gifts
and etc.
He went and got these super well tickets like two days later or three days later.
$1,700.
Did you talk about it?
I didn't talk about it.
I mean, what's the point?
He's a crook.
I mean, he's a crook.
His wife is a crook.
What's the point?
The more you tell us, the former mayor of plantation is a crook.
Just the more you tell people that these people have crooks, maybe one day it'll make
it into chalk.
Hold your breath.
Thanks, Dale.
Okay, watch out for that.
I'm totalling the hole.
Okay, $5,600, $5,600, $5,600 on the mobile one line.
Yeah, I'm going to change the world here, baby.
I keep telling him over and over again.
Just keep wrapping on this thing all year long, like Manage says.
Is that going to do it?
No.
We're going to change mankind here on some stupid ass talk show?
No.
No.
All this bull crap, all this affirmative action and all this other bull garbage, swill,
cut the crap already, okay?
Go out there and get an education, get a brain, get a skill, get a decent job.
Go out there and compete for it on equal footing with everybody else and stop
ability crying and whining and leaning on the government and blaming everybody else.
Oh, so you racist out there who want to live in a decent neighborhood?
Well, excuse us, okay?
Excuse me.
Here's a mobile in Miami Lake.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
My wife and I have been long admirers of your show and Phil Hendry and George, for that matter.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Neil.
Yes.
I'd like to comment on something the gentleman before we were talking about.
In my building, there was two black dirt de edas that moved in and...
Two what?
Huh?
Two what?
Two black dirt de edas.
That's good.
Oh, it's a dice.
Yeah, speaking English, pal.
No, I'm always funny, you'll.
Okay, no, I'm going to get a pun.
Okay, I'm sorry.
And everybody was in an uproar and the owners that sold to them were under tremendous pressure
by the other owners, not to.
And they definitely drove the valley down of the place, but they were nice people.
They drove the value of the place down because there were two lesbians living there?
Yeah, well, you can see...
They based on what?
It's certain deterioration, I mean, because a lot of people just, you know, they dipped.
They just took off.
They sold as soon as they saw that president being set there.
Well, that's interesting to me.
I'd look at places like Beverly Hills and cooking at the grove down here and places where Jesus,
where there are gay people living in large numbers, didn't seem to drive the property value down.
Right, but I think it was the combination of both that they're just frightened everybody.
They were like black, Hispanic, and...
Oh, black, and Hispanic, and the dikes.
Right, woo!
Tri-factor.
Man, they're more shaped than I am.
Uh-huh.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
All right, okay.
Okay, watch out for those dikes, baby.
Of course, now that we got the WNBA coming to town...
Oh!
She's not a member of the Federal Special Persuasion.
Capital records is proud to present the Elvis album Everyone's been waiting for.
It's Elvis in Seattle.
I don't mind those real and brand.
From the mouth of Dekka Dance, I'm getting hungry.
Here, give me a cheeseburger, man.
And see if the girl's going to love the Rosani.
I'm getting hungry.
That's right.
The King of Rock and Roll is playing the King's Ode and you've got a front-row ticket.
Will Jeremy Spoke?
In Class of the Elvis covers all the great Seattle bands.
Pearl Jam, Sound Garden, and the one that started it all.
They're by now.
Oh, man.
I'm a rattle.
My mosquito.
My libido.
Elvis's playing the piano and rocking Seattle.
Only on Capital records and tape.
Mass for gadiose.
Asmg.
Asmg.
Man, potato.
Huh!
Thank you very much.
You're welcome at 560 WQM, the Hangover Show 2 o'clock.
I'm getting ready to go home pretty soon and take a look at that crappy new TV I got.
Well, I'm not depressed about that.
But hey, a sucker is born every minute.
That goes to show you what happens when you trust other people and you're not discriminating.
And you don't take the time when you're lazy and you don't take the time to shop and get what you want.
Which I'm the worst.
I am the absolute worst.
I have no sales resistance.
I walk in.
What do you got?
And then it'll be a bit lucky.
You know, like with cars.
I go up to loop back.
And here's what you got.
Okay.
Or I can generally speak it.
I'll tell them what color I want and they get it for me.
But that's about as much effort.
I'm just not one of those people that wants to waste all my time running around.
And of course, if we had anybody here that would, you know, like Gary Sarner is the only, he's the only good guy in the building.
Gary Sarner.
What?
I mean, it's a little bit of a turnaround, but it's true.
I'm easy.
No, he didn't have to do that for me.
He did it twice.
Twice with that camera thing.
Nice going, Gary.
You find out who your real friends are about 18 months, 20 months later.
And then you find out that John Penis, he's a real prick.
Here's Daryl.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is Mark.
Listen, I got a couple of things to add here.
Like the caller, a couple of calls ago said, look at the man in the mirror.
That's basically it right there.
You know, you can start with Michael Jackson, sir.
I said, that's what Michael Jackson said.
And take a look at that.
I'm blaming everybody and everything, but you know what won't change your situation.
Right, that's right.
Absolutely correct, sir.
And I have noticed one thing, also in the military.
It's amazing how the military people actually get together in their communities like on-base housing.
Yeah.
And all the houses are well kept.
You know what?
You could have old reanl blacks.
It doesn't matter who your neighbors are.
Everybody respects everybody because of the attitude.
Right.
And you know, it's basically, there's no problem.
I can live with anybody, but you're right when somebody starts letting the place, one place, go,
and then another place starts going.
You know, it's interesting.
A city like Toronto, which I'm always raving about, because it's a great city and it really works.
And they've got four million people there.
Now, I will admit that they've got two or three different Chinatowns.
And most of the Chinese people that are living those areas, and they also have like Middle Eastern Pakistanis.
But you get on a subway and you go downtown, and there's all different kinds of people.
There's Middle Eastern people and black people and white and Chinese.
And everybody gets along.
It's not like here.
And there are no ghettos.
I was reading an article a couple of days ago that said, if you went out of your way to look for a ghetto in Toronto, you couldn't find one.
It doesn't exist.
Yeah.
Now, it's a, I've noticed one thing, the diversity strategy isn't working.
Everybody's basically fragmented.
Nobody wants to know about anybody else and everybody's staging their little groups, which basically, in essence, is voluntary segregation.
Right.
And another thing.
Well, I still see, I mean, that one guy really pisses me off that guy that was giving me his little song and the answer about all the bigots.
I don't think everybody is that bigoted that they go into a, breaking into a hot sweat as soon as a black person moves into the neighborhood.
But when people move in who don't keep the property up or cause your property values to go down, then, of course, people are going to start panicking and they're going to flee.
Absolutely.
If you get no reason to panic, there is going to be nothing really changes.
Right.
Your neighbors aren't going to be living in their lawn. They're going to be living in the house. You actually don't even see them.
If you're lucky.
If you're lucky, and two more things quickly.
I want to know when I'm going to see more whites in Hispanic television.
Exactly.
I'm pissed off.
I want more Chinese people on Channel 23, Goddamn it on Univision.
Have a great day, pal.
Yeah, and one more thing.
Still Henry is the absolute God.
Yeah, but wait a second.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, we have to have more God than Yugoslavia people on Channel 51.
We're going to start picketing and protesting. How do you like that?
We're going to lay down in the middle of the end of the LACP's or office.
What a crack a crap.
Oh, yeah. We don't have enough representation.
Yeah, let's have a lot more will Smith on there. That'll do it.
That'll turn things around.
Sure, turn me around real fast to get the remote so I can go to the next Channel.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Lady in Miami.
25 minutes and 23 seconds later.
And the lady in Miami is gone.
Thanks for hanging on, sweetheart.
56670560.
A mobile one line.
Mobile in Tamarack. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
We don't have enough representatives of Niggits.
Yeah, that's right.
How come we don't have Irmae Villeshae just because he's dead?
We're going through the same.
Johnny Toledo.
Up here in Tamarack, what happens is the old people die.
Yeah.
And the kids sell it for a strong and advanced because they don't care to lose in $10,000,000.
And it's just money in their pockets.
So what happens as time goes by, the lower social economic dissuasion tends to move in
as the price of the house goes up.
And then it turns to crap.
And then eventually, if he knew that I'd get parks into Tamarack.
Listen, I have a request. Could you play the Gonti B Good because I'm a chronic.
I have no life in a matrimaterial.
I'll work on it.
Okay, thanks, too.
Then I just play that yesterday.
Uh-huh. I'll work on it.
By the way, somebody's still all like, good we were going to have a party with yesterday in the day
so we can't, uh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, probably Jason.
In fact, that was probably really not what you thought it was in the toilet.
It was just a big J.
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, are you doing okay, sir?
I know that you're screaming about.
I'm sorry.
I said, were you screaming about?
Oh, sorry about there you go.
Yeah, I know the Cubans are going to go, I, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But, uh, highly, I used to be beautiful.
They just don't give a damn.
Yeah.
I moved there 40 years ago, 1957.
It was beautiful.
Now I know what you're screaming about.
Little by little it's gotten worse and worse.
And then the people, it's not an economic thing or whatever, people just don't give a damn.
And little by little, the people that care say, you know, I'm out of here.
Yeah, I'm going somewhere else.
Right.
And then eventually, you know, little 80 used to be Miami shores.
That's right.
Used to be great.
That was, that was beautiful.
And, uh, you know, look at it now, but the people that are the Miami shores, the more the Haitians.
I don't know how a bunch of assholes are.
I don't think there used to be a, yeah, but there weren't as many diapers on along back in those days.
No, that's true.
That's true.
And in closing, yes, Alex Panellis is a butt sucking asshole douchebag.
Okay.
Who belongs in jail, by the way, Mayor Pinga?
That election is two weeks from yesterday on the 29th.
I just want you to mark that on your calendar and keep it in mind.
No.
That's the word you need to keep in mind.
No.
To these allunatics, these grave robbers.
What's with Italy?
Yes, I'm a melted tent, who really know who floated in two towns.
And when I'd riddle her, I just can't put it down.
Since all the crickets go the way that other try to catch them.
In El Niam, they have all to change its name.
It's the Niam, the Pandora.
The Niam, the Pandora.
It makes my tongue warm.
Warm, warm.
And it's perfect for a town.
Where there's no life to do this town.
Outside of what's really in the past,
like robbing atyams and juke-pings,
the tourists in the hinterher rotators do the arrogant,
the Oscar Julio.
It's got movies that instant that that's all you need to know.
I read it when I get the gaze of black beans squirt.
And then I wipe my ass and wipe my arboros shirt
with the Niam, the Pandora.
Niam, the Pandora.
You think my tongue warm?
Oh, yeah.
The Niam, the Pandora.
You think my tongue warm?
Very well blacked.
I don't think so.
Yes, I'm going to the channel for it.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Where are we going?
Where are we going?
Where are we going?
Damn it.
Oh, he looks like John Valucci on a bad day.
Oh, is an upgrade person.
I love her crazy way.
We're very much alike in certain.
I don't know, I fell in love with her.
Well, I guess it's like the thing with the NAACP.
We've got to have some hours of television with them.
I'll leave people on there.
We can't have just all beautiful people on MTV.
We got to have some ugly people on there.
And they're doing it.
Just like that roadcule, they got for this.
Oh, here's Miami Lake.
Hello.
Hello, dear.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Well, I listen to the show all the time and I agree with a lot of things you say.
And then, you know, I like the fact that you let a person express of their disagree sometimes.
Yeah.
You know, what I think is Blacks and World to do neighborhoods.
This is a question that I haven't heard you ask.
Blacks and World to do neighborhoods and there's a few around here in the Miami area.
How come the blacks that live in the world to do neighborhoods don't move out of their neighborhoods
when other blacks move in or when other colors move in?
Now, if any white people move in their neighborhoods, they don't just pick up and move out.
They deal with the scenario.
I think, if you ask me, one of the biggest criminals in our nation basically seems to me to be
white people who spoke from everywhere around the world,
but when the people that they brought to this country decided they want to move into their neighborhoods,
then they get scared and they want to move out because they think the property value goes out.
I think a reason why in the Black neighborhoods that companies that are the neighborhoods are not repaired
so quickly once the white people move out and some blacks move in is because those companies that were there
when the white people lived in those neighborhoods, they're not in such a rush to get to the neighborhoods
anymore to fix things for the black people that live in the world.
I can't see a white people doing this.
It's the white painters and the white contractors and the black people and the black people
and the black people and the black people who are in the black neighborhoods.
If Bobby Carpenter is black to run on businesses and the white neighborhoods,
you see blacks working in their neighborhoods too, but then all of a sudden they want to get up and run out of the neighborhoods
when blacks move in.
They don't have an idea if those blacks are prominent or if they're not.
The spotlight becomes right on the black people that they move in.
But when you're in business, the overwhelming majority of rational people in business,
if you've got money to subsidize them to help them make a living,
they don't care what your skin color is.
If Bobby didn't come in and you buy their crap and you pay the bill, they don't care.
Actually, they do care.
No, they don't care.
If Michael Jordan was Ms. Rick, if he was, no matter how much he gets up in society,
he will still be considered a black person or the inward to the white people who have money.
I need to break the news to you, sir, but people who consider black people niggers
still think of Michael Jordan as a nigger.
No matter how much money he's got, no matter what it is.
So what does that mean?
So what does that mean?
In other words, it's only white people who are bigots.
There's many white people who are bigots, but blacks don't sit around thinking about white people black to think about black people.
In other words, you're saying that there aren't any black racists?
Is that what you're telling me?
Sure, it's only a white thing.
Okay, what I said was that I think that black people are black people.
They don't sit around and think about what white people are doing today or tomorrow.
We don't sit around calling you guys all kind of.
Oh, bull crap.
How go get it?
Go look at the other guy said, look into me or see if Michael is looking over your shoulder.
Get out of here with that crap.
This is a great lesson.
We're laying today all you kids out there.
White people are bad.
White people are racist.
White people are bigots.
Black people good.
Black people aren't racist.
Black people don't call white people names.
You crackers you.
You honkeys you.
Oh my god.
I don't know what it'll affect for a cry at that.
I mean, and then to stop and think that this guy might really believe this bull crap.
He couldn't possibly.
But maybe there's a possibility that he's so brainwashed that he's got himself so blocked off from reality.
That he really believes this crap.
It's only all you white people.
You're the evil white bastard.
Don't you understand?
You get it?
Here's a mobile and a baby.
Hello.
Excuse me. Can you hear me?
I hear you.
I just want to ask you a question for you off track here because I've been on and off now in my car.
Why is this return TV?
I might.
I mean, I just got it.
They just brought it this morning.
Right, but if you think you're unhappy with it, I'm sure everybody's got at least a seven-day minimum bring something back.
I might.
I said, you're going to put it in another room just get the mouth.
Yeah, you're right.
I'm just too easy.
I'm just too easy.
I'll push over.
All right.
You're right.
Thank you.
Your phone's crap.
I'll put thank you.
Return the phone.
No, he's right.
I'm not going to sit back if it turns out that TV is a piece of crap and just keep it for crying a lot.
I got a good deal on it, but who don't want the piece of crap for a good deal?
What's the point?
What's the big deal?
You know, I was telling George who we're thinking back to those first days when we came into downstairs on a second floor and started on the station a year ago on December 30th.
And we needed a TV set to have some contact with the outside world.
And we needed a satellite dish.
And so Jeff Cohen brought us in.
The TV set with the built-in VCR.
And our people at the satellite place called Digital World Satellite.
Digital World Satellite were kind enough to donate to us the satellite receiver and the dish, the small dish.
Because we had, you know, told months and months ahead while I was in limbo not working and getting paid by Paxen.
Months ahead we told them exactly what we needed.
Oh, yeah.
No problem.
The sales department.
They'll take care of it.
They'll trade out.
They'll get your TV.
They'll get the dish today.
Okay.
No, they didn't do it.
Would they have done it now?
No.
No, they still wouldn't have done it.
In fact, if you recall, the only reason when they moved into this studio over here, the sports people, is that I am bearish Greg Reed by threatening to reach into my own wallet and buying them a small dish.
And he finally caved in just like he did with Duff and his desk.
That's the kind of guy that I'm working for.
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, a guy who is so cheap.
Who's got all of the beesleaves money and all of his wife's money, all that money, all those millions, but it's such a cheap prick that I have to threaten to pay myself for something that doesn't even have anything to do with me in order to get him to go ahead and get it.
Things that have to do with doing business.
I remember that like it was yesterday.
In fact, remember we had already made the deal.
We had called up and arranged for the thing.
All of a sudden, I don't know where Greg was embarrassed and when there was a satellite just sitting there, which of course he made George Corsa install because he wasn't going to pay somebody a few bucks for installation.
God forbid, cheap prick.
And ever since then, so why should I assume that other than my good friend, Jerry Sarner, anybody else in this building is going to hook me up with any of our accounts, any of our good clients.
We got good sponsors on this station.
But I wind up going where I know people where they've treated me good over the years because if I go to John penis, you know, he's going to you know what he's going to do.
He's going to look me in a face and go like that.
If I can actually ever get a hold of that piece of crap.
That prick on legs.
