4th radio 560 WQAM Miami 4th Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger
Neil Roger
Neil Roger
Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and rarer or pound 560 on yourself
All the opinions of Neil is guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the PEE
Now Neil Roger on sports radio 560 QAM
It's brighter you're faster
The young man turns 28
He scored the sweetest bag
I'll go on the next day
It's too many seats
In your dime bag
Getting to the party
Two minutes to late
Isn't it the chronic?
Yes
Don't you think?
It's my free day
When you smile on the brakes
It's free day
When you're already late
You're always late
That's you tested and you're late
Who won't stop?
You're gonna get it
Hot brownies
That you already ate
A new donut time
A lot that you've raised
It's like 10,000 joins
When all you need is a light
It's like having the feel of your dreams
And then finding out some thoughts
And delight
And give them it's the chronic
Are you sure?
Don't you think?
A little too much chronic
Yeah I really do think
It's my free day
When you last long break
It's a free day
When you're already late
You're always late
That's you tested and you're late
Who won't stop?
You're gonna get it
You have to be kidding me
Women calling to put in their foot
their pics
Pick this, okay sweetheart?
You have to be kidding me
Women who never call this
Not just this show but this radio station
We'll put again their stupid and stupid football pics
Get a life, ladies
Get a freaking life
Man, probably a bunch of dikes
Anyway, another reminder
Geldy just told you
But I'll tell you again
Because we should have been telling you about this
Nevertheless, the QAM golf tournament is today
And its check-ins come up at 11 o'clock this morning
T-Off is at 1
The cost is 300 bucks for individuals
A thousand dollars for a force
And which includes the celebrity
Which makes it a fives him
Proceeds benefit center
One loco mar is on
Broward just west of flamingo
Credit cards will be accepted
So it's still not too late to participate
I'd like to give a big promo for Georgia's appearance tomorrow
If I could but we got a little bit of
What we got several problems
We got Gary Starner
He's an asshole
We got the nephew
He's an asshole
And then we got Sam the champ
He's an asshole
Which we'll talk about in detail
Here's a mobile and Davy
Hello
Our first call of the day
Hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
I just call to tell you
I love you man
I haven't been listening to you that long
But I love the show
You do a great service for South Florida
What's I do
And you're just fabulous
Yes sir
This is what I tell you doing a great job
Can I hate? Can I call somebody a douche bag
Yeah
Hey Andrea, if that's in court
You're a douche bag
But I love you
Okay
Okay there you go
A little suction there at the beginning of the show
Out there wrong with that
Is there, huh?
No
Let's do the other one
Here's Hollywood
Hello
How you doing, Neil? Good morning
Okay sir
I have a question for you
Regardless, what's your stance on Florida's death penalty
Because there's a good article in the Sun's Channel
I don't know you don't read that paper
Yes I do
Oh you do
What's my stance on it?
Well, pertaining to the article
It revolves around this most recent execution
That's been delayed once again indefinitely
Yeah
Because the man thinks he's Jesus Christ
Yeah
I read that
Oh, and...
That's that he's creating nothing other than a food cake
Yeah
I said he's not even a food cake sign him up for our sales department
Well, um, have you read it?
Most of them belong on death throw anyway
Yeah, I read it so what's the deal?
I just wanted to know what he thought about it
I say fry his ass
I say lethal injection
Let's stop using that damn chair up there
Too many sparks, okay?
Yeah, lethal injection
Give a little shot and say goodbye
Put on the side
Did we pass something regarding that
Like if there was a problem with the electric chair
Wouldn't it not, um,
curtail any executions being the use of the needle?
They said we don't care
They said, what do we buy that?
Um, I voted for it
You voted for what?
Um, the fact that the lethal injection
If there became anything unconstitutional about the use of the chair
When did you vote for that?
When did they have an election on the left?
The last election when you didn't vote in
They had a vote on that on the electric chair?
Yeah
Pretending to the death penalty, yes sir
Yeah, and what was it about?
Um, it just pertained to the unconstitutionality,
The potentiality of that,
But regarding the electric chair
That, uh, if it came to pass that that was happening
Fry the ass, man, that's what I say, fry the ass
We don't have time to, you know, you know what I'm saying?
Right
We don't have time to screw around with the tail
Fry the ass with the head
There's a little bit of pain too bad, that's what it's all about
And there's not a guy in there for 20 years
I mean, oh my god
Right, that's right
All right, now does it, was this guy about to say
How about them dolphins when they pulled when they pulled a switch?
Not if he thought he was Jimmy Jackson
Okay, I'll be right there
Yeah, I'll tell you one thing
Those three names I just mentioned, Jerry Sarner
The nephew, Sam the shant, he should have a three cedar
Is what they should have for them
I'll pull the switch on that
Jobs for life, we got so many people
Are you talking about life, death row and life in prison?
We got people who have jobs for life
People who give us no tangible evidence of doing anything in this place
Who come and steal a paycheck every couple of weeks
It's just amazing, here's another lady with her football picks
Hello
Hello
Didn't you call for your football picks?
Happy problem
How are you?
Yeah, I did
Listen to you
Do you like this weekend, yeah?
Excuse me, God
Do you think I can cover any of you?
It's often to me this weekend they got a pass, they got a free pass
Like the three people I just mentioned, they got a free pass, yes?
Tonight is air of suckers
Oh, and it's air of suckers, happy suckers
And yes, happy problem
That too
That's the other one
But this is suckers is for Saturday and Sunday
Yeah
And so
What do you do on suckers?
I don't know, I don't know if you eat anything special
I take this fruit vegetable
And you have a suckers out in the garden or something if you ever eat it
Yeah, I'll probably check out some fruit this weekend
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Home
Home
Home?
Yeah
Home, make you any home
Uh-huh
Fentation
Listen, happy suckers we've heard
Yes, thank you, and the same cute
We'll find out what you're supposed to do on suckers
Yes
And don't forget
See your mother also
Right
Okay, I'll see you
Okay, bye
Bye, good luck
See you too
Say goodbye
Okay, let's find out if we got a Jew out there what you do on suckers
Got these Jew holidays they just keep barreling along
Man, start with Russia Shoda and you know I'm Kipper and Suckers and just On and On
And on, if you got any steel humitation from last the week, from last year
So while you ladies out there with your football picks it's not too late to call in
What is that all about?
Women calling in with football picks
God, I think maybe Barry Jackass has a point
Barry Jackass
He's an asshole
Oh man, wait till I get to that he's got a column this morning
If you think you're fooling anybody, Barry?
No
If you think there's anybody with an IQ and a minus column that's your fooling
No
With this campaign you guys are running to try to prop up a make-believe radio station that will fail by the way beyond a shadow of a doubt
That's already failing that has no audience
I love the last line in Barry's or column where he says the number of listeners phone calls lags at times
Well, I can certainly relate to that and I have an audience
You see Barry if you have nobody listening nobody's going to be calling
Even if you have a lot of people listening sometimes nobody is calling
But when nobody is listening it's a pretty damn sure bet that nobody's going to be calling
Why don't you give him a call Barry? Why don't you have a regular suck up job on there every day
Barry Jackass sucks on the fan every day
That would be great you could be unlike from ten in the morning till midnight
Replacing some of that high-priced talent that you spent a whole column writing about again
It's the 800th and Barry Jackass's 2000-part series
Prop it up and make believe radio station because the hero and he hate us like poison
Because we dare to tell it like it is you know that Barry he's an asshole
Nice picture too by the way Barry the girl it's the ghost of Barry Jackson in the in the new hero with their new crappy format
Where you can't find anything this morning?
Nine minutes after ten at five sixty WQA M on Friday you fast good
There paints
I don't think I like you anymore
You used to watch me shave now you do stare at the floor on their penis
I don't like you anymore
You used to be you and me you paint the town in a dirty magazine
That's all we needed to get back
Now it seems things change that I think that you're the one to blame their things
I don't like you anymore
You think you're right?
I don't think I like you anymore
It's when you get to drinkin'
She put me places I've never been before here right now I don't like you anymore
Why can't we just get a grip on our man-to-hand relations?
Time to turn for truly how we feel
If we put our heads together we just stay home forever and stay at paintings
I don't think I like you after all
Oh and righty while you're shaving my own
That's when the five sixty WQA we got some exciting news for your boys and girls moms and dads
Here you go Phil Henry are you sure?
So they pushed it back a week that's the bad news his syndication
But the good news the very exciting news is that he's gonna be on in this market on stupid talk just like I predicted
And I kind of had that in the back of my mind that they would probably do what they're gonna do and why the hell not
Give it a shot okay?
Give us a little competition here that he's on from 10 o'clock at night till one in the morning
And then they're gonna replay the tape the next day from nine in the morning until noon
How do you like that?
Are you sure positive? That's the information that we get
Can we well think we can compete with that can we?
No
So they're gonna have like six hours of Phil Henry a day now on stupid talk
Which I guess will probably cut back Rick and suds an hour
Uh huh
So I think we're probably gonna be out of business so let's go out with a big bang these last couple of weeks
Here's Miami hello
Neil?
Yes sir
I always listen to your show every day and I'm starting to get concerned
About because you impact a lot of people's lives
Uh huh
And I need to believe in God and now I don't even I don't believe in God anymore
And how about if there is a God?
Uh huh
You know what's gonna happen next?
We're gonna die
Yeah we'll see you in hell
You're not scared?
No
Are you?
I'm not scared
I only get scared when I get calls like this from chronicleos I'm gonna get real scared
Oh yeah you take it
Oh yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on it
And that was a real uh huh that took a real rocket scientist to figure that out
You know what I'm saying?
In fact as soon as I heard the voice I was thinking
Yeah
Yeah, came to mind
By the way we're gonna have to work real hard to build up George's appearance tomorrow
Because George asked Gary Sarner, well give us a little bit of information about my appearance at Primeco tomorrow from noon to 2
So I can promote it and Gary said
Yeah
And then we went to uh you know Sam the shaman and the effu to try to get some information from both of them and they said
Yeah
Which seems to be a lot of that going around these days you know
Uh huh
So we talk about Diana Ross by the way getting the first of the airport in Etro
Oh my god what a bitch
What a disgusting, desperate bitch Diana Ross
Who looks like by the way not a day over 85
Here's a call from Atlanta hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
How are you doing this morning?
Okay
Listen uh just wanted to know we listen to you up here believe it or not on the internet
I believe it
And I heard your call from the thanks for hauling lady
I'll tell you you're not better than the meal we have to listen to locally over here
Real reports?
Mm-hmm
The worst
I thought you got some of the worst radio in Atlanta I've ever heard in my life
Cox broadcasting should be sued
There should be a class action suit for the crap that they put on the year on WSB
It's just horrible I mean it is just absolutely perfect
Yeah
But it's an insult basically what they're saying is we think everybody who lives in the metropolitan Atlanta area is a weird Yahoo who picks their nose a lot
And that's why we're going to put this garbage on here
Yeah
No picking radio
Pretty much, pretty much
Well that's
But you know I guess Atlanta does have its good points compared to Miami so that's why we're here
Yeah
But I did want to give you a little info on the
What are bombings stuff like that?
Well not actually on that actually for all things in Atlanta you're going to get some information on Pukas
Yeah
Okay great
And what it is it's a holiday it goes for seven eight days just kind of like past over
Eight days?
Yep
Well eight days of circus
Yeah the eight days is actually simple chitoro
So you know that's like pretty much one of the two people you go
Like I said they just keep on coming
Yeah well that's sort of like the way you are
They just keep on coming
Exactly
But it's kind of like you know a time where people actually go and build these booths out in the yard
And they eat out onto the stars kind of like an Italian grotto type of deal
Yeah what do they eat?
Anything special?
Well there's different fruits and vegetables like you were saying before but you know it's basically
I don't know if there's anything really special in terms of foods
Except some of the same stuff you eat on Rosh Hashanah but
Rosh Hashanah
Well let it down always pop up brisket in New York
Always safer but did you holiday pop up brisket in there?
Yeah cook it for 18 hours you know it's like shoe leather
Right except on your own camper that's not a good day to eat it
But any other day it's always a good day for brisket
Absolutely
Okay pal
Alright Neil I just wanted to give you a hello from Atlanta
Say hi to my good little friend Bob Neil up there and tell him he's an asshole
Oh can I call somebody a uh...
Yes sir go ahead
Okay Aaron Goldberg you're a hundred percent glad kosher certified OU you know what
Okay thanks
Saiga Zun
Okay there you go all the way from Atlanta we had to go to get a little information about Sookas
Oh so anyway about your recipe, appearance tomorrow
I'm gonna be giving a little inside information by the way about the QAM dumb detective that our sales department
Everybody who comes to work in our sales department is a couple of these things
It's a gadget that looks very similar to those deals that they sell you to go out on the beach you know those metal detectors
We search for coins and we're whatever metal
Only it's a dumb detective
Oh yeah
And our sales department walks up and down the streets of South Florida
And every now and then when they find just the right place a little sound goes off
And then they walk in the door and say
And they say sign me up
Just here and just hand over the money that's all they do
It's amazing how many stupid people around this market to keep hand it over their money this joint
And do we do anything for them?
No
No, it's a little as possible as little as we can get away with right Gary Sarner
Uh huh
Right
What a pots
Here's a mobile in the...
What is that?
A mobile in the mobile?
A mobile in somewhere
Hello
Hello
Yes sir
Nail, is that you?
That's me
Nail, I have to send a story, I have to send a story, I have to send a story, I'm only in half of you
But I grew up in Chicago as a kid living next door to a family on the...the father's a rabbi
And to celebrate Sookas they always built a Sookha
Which is a hot
I remember that of the Sookha Shack
The Sookha Shack, right?
They made this a lot of...
This is that
They made this hut out of branches and leaves and twigs
And fruit has a lot to do with the holiday, I think they eat nuts and fruits and things like that over sookha
Nuts, but...
But I enjoyed watching them build their Sookha every year and I thought that it would be a little more amazing
What's the point, what's the purpose of it? Do you have any idea?
They'd go in there and they'd eat their food and they'd also have prayer inside
The Sookha
And I think it did last for a number of days
And it was quite interesting watching what's going on for the next door
Okay, they're a lovely family
Better than us
Thank you very much, I'll be using the happy Sookas
Happy Sookas everybody from your good friend
And WQAM
Yeah, we're out of business now that Phil Henry's gonna be online to do an everyday on tape, they're on stupid talk
They probably figured we're peeing in our pants, are we peeing?
A lot
No, oh yeah
See, because the interesting part of it is, get paid one more of the other...
By the way, got my check today
Get paid one more of the other anyway, you know
Now, are they gonna have somebody with a dumb detector go out and buy spots there?
5, 6, 7, 05 didn't work too good at the other place and pound 5, 60 on the mobile line
I'm not gonna call it... can you do MI?
The mobile line, the calling line, because I've got more information about that
Which your friend George over there at mobile one isn't gonna be real happy about
But nevertheless, and I'm not real happy about either
But as usual, we're in the dark
It's only, I mean, it's only our part of our lifeblood is the phone lines, you know
That's only what the show is all about
So watch out ourselves in the program by the telling and giving us any information about that
When they don't bother doing it about like when George is doing his appearance
At Prime Coast, there were no quick plans in Hollywood from noon to tomorrow
And the only information we can get is just east of Sterling or Sheridan Exits at 9.95
What does it say just east of the Sterling or Sheridan Exits?
What does that mean?
The Oakwood tomato part runs the length of the...
Or does the property between Sterling and Sheridan and Sterling
Oh, so like I said, just to get off at either exit so to say
And I'll be recreating the events at the swing club using stock puppets
Come out and spin the QAM Wheel of Wind prizes as all it says
And that's all the information we can get on this, George will be there new to two
So please come out and make him feel like you're really cared about seeing him there
And tell him he'll be really great to be up against Phil Henry starting out to over 4th
Here's the pompano, hello
Hey Neil, yes sir
He's a lagging and listener phone call on 1700
I don't know that I've ever heard a listener phone call on 1700
Has the question is has anybody ever heard 1700?
Now whether they've ever called there, but has anybody other than Barry ever heard them from one or two or three minutes?
Well I went when they first came on, I turned out obviously out of curiosity
And it was just nice for a while not to hear the same calls
Hey Matt Dog, you think you're teal green is going to stretch the defenses this year
Is there running back going to be, but then they've got Jim Barry on from like 12 to 2 or 2 or 4
Another silly person, he's like a male angel way
By the way let me interrupt you for a second before I forget this
Speaking of angel array, they got a new deal now where they talk
They do the news on Channel 4 right up until Dan Rather starts talking
And they show Dan's face on the screen, they're at CBS
And she says yes today and now let's go to Dan Rather at CBS in New York
And she starts cracking up and he starts out with this horrible story about the guy getting sentenced
You know, but did the lynching one of the guys in the Texas
And she's just lost it, just laughing her ass off and I thought what, she needs a butterfly in that
She needs to be put away, angel array, but anyway I'm sorry
That's all right, when Jim Barry opens up his show he's got the intro song playing the Funk Soul Brother
I'm like a terrible boy
And this time with less funk and less soul than Jim Barry, I don't know who it is
I guess that's his whole idea like when he does that Duke and in Javan and those stupid videos he did on Channel 4
He's just a professional spook I guess is what he thinks he is
Didn't he leave town for a while and come back?
Yeah, they kicked his ass out and then nobody else would take him he had to come back
Very dismayed that he was back
The addition to which he'd been mine that he was in Chicago, he's from Chicago I guess he released he worked up there
He's a fan of all the Chicago sports teams, he don't even like the teams down here
But why was he leaving Chicago, he was just awesome, I mean that's a real time
Right, well if you get your ass blown out of there you gotta go somewhere
I sent the facts over to you last night with a couple of editorials from the show
I got it, I got it
Humbly, I'm trying to figure out whether that first guy is serious and that with his praise of Brian Norcross and Alex Panellis
The New Jersey guy
Yeah, I got it and here I'll get to him
Hi Neil, thanks pal
Good one
See ya
Yeah, Norcross and Panellar Penis, they're my heroes, I'll tell you that, no question about that
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line 1026
We're gonna have to find out if there's anybody who's gonna still listen to us by the way from 10 to noon
Once Phil Henry goes on 940
Because otherwise I'll just stay home to him every day
In fact what we'll do is we'll just play Phil Henry Bitts
There is an idea, there is a great idea if it turns out that we got real problems there which I doubt
But nevertheless if we did because you know who wants to listen to a tape of the same show
But if they miss it at night they'll have to tune in the next day
And we want to get some real serious competition there
We'll just play some real good old Bitts from Phil some of the best of instead of waiting to the other stuff
You know 26 after 10 at 5, 60, WQ way
Neil, yeah
Hello, you have reached Dickie's Workers Choice Catalog and Information Line
To speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line
Thank you
Transferring to an operator, please wait
Dickie's Customer Service, this is Luanne, how may help you?
Yeah, my Luanne Hi
Hi
You like Dickies? Sure
I guess a lot of women do, huh?
I believe so
My woman says she loves to get Dickies
I say
She likes a lot of, yeah
And understands I'm gay guys like Dickies
Well I'm really not and I've never really thought about that
What's the biggest Dickies you've seen?
Well sir, we go out to a 72 ways
Oh my God, do you like little Dickies too?
Sir, I'm
I think my girl basically likes big Dickies
Well, is there a point to this conversation sir?
Yeah, just if I get to say Dickie a lot on the phone, yeah
Were you wanting to place an order sir?
For what? For clothing?
All right, I want to talk about Dickies
Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing
Dickie, Dickie, mm-hmm, yeah
Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this
I'm not like Dickies, a lot of women like Dickies
I'm going to disconnect
No, we're talking about Dickies
1032 at 560 WQAM
567-0560, pound 560 on the Dickie line
We got the Jim Manit today from the QAM Gulf tournament
Is there any special reason why I guess Hank's on his way to New England
Is where he's going to be this weekend for ESPN
Jimmy Johnson Show between 5 and 6
That's the Jimmy, we could be really special Johnson Show
And then 6 o'clock we got talking baseball with Donnie
Be because unfortunately it's not over yet
It's getting close and they're over yet the Rockies in the Marlins
And then we got the Panther Lightning game on Waxi at 7 o'clock tonight
With Dick's McDonald, the real Dick's McDonald, please stand up
The first game I heard that he did was pretty damn good, right?
That Atlanta game and then we heard him in that Tampa game
Here a couple of nights ago and not too good, Dick's
So we'll see what you know, two out of three in bed
Here's Parine, hello
Parine
Going once
22 minutes and 11 seconds they waited and they're gone
Hank is going to Pittsburgh to do that game
Hank is going where?
To Pittsburgh
I thought he told me he was going to Boston
Who told you that?
Some voice on the phone
Oh, so what they're, let me ask you something
What difference does it make where he's going?
I just mentioned that in passing and right away
What difference does it make where he's going?
Okay, changed
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
And it still doesn't make any difference where he's going
Okay, we got a bunch of nitpickers in here
Like I said, Hank's going somewhere
That's why Madduch is on today, okay?
All right, okay, God
Maniacs, here's Miami Beach, hello
Who cares where Hank's going?
There you go
Listen, speaking about the baseball,
He said something about the baseball
While the Marlins are about to hit the milestone
Did you read that in the paper today?
No, I don't read about the Marlins, but I feel like
I just love this
With two more wins, Florida would avoid a hundred losses
Yeah, when I said, they're going out right to avoid a hundred losses
And he said something about golf, John Dealey, you know
He said he's going to say, yeah, well he said, he said, he said, he said, he's drinking
He said, Bob, he's got alcohol in his blood
And he's going to lose his calorie golf endorsement
Which is in pain of 3 million a year
Right, I saw that
Yes, oh, you did, I thought he was pretty, he's pretty idiot
Not trying to clean his act up
But what do you mean not trying to clean his act?
He said, yeah, he said he showed him on there the other day
He had the shakes, he said he doesn't even have to give up anymore
I'm just addicted, like I'm addicted to sugar
Yeah, I know
And he said, well, if it's up in Norway, I can't drink again
I got one question for you now, who decides what commercial is going to show
Bottom line, you or
How many times have we been through this?
You can do this yourself
You just show, you decide everything what because I'm going to show what
It's not
The panel doesn't decide what commercials go on, they only decide what your sponsors
They're going to endorse live commercials, but as far as the recorded spots, we have nothing to say about them
So that explains why the water moral, the gun thing went on
Right, well I just said that
We have no control over that
Okay, just curious
I listen, you have a good weekend
Okay, back to you sir, whatever
How many times do we have to keep repeating the same, tired old, I mean old, and tired, and tired, and old, and ponderous, and just, oh man, it just tears your kisky's out
We have nothing to say about those freaking gun show spots, let me say it again, we work for a horror operation
And they're all horror operations, all of this one's in a category by itself, but nevertheless
And like I said, if you'd love our salespeople, come by with their dumb detector
And if you're dumb enough, just hand us a bunch of money
Don't expect us to do too much for you, like George's appearance at Prime Code tomorrow
Then we're having to beg and plead, I mean here it is, tomorrow, noon to two, he's going to be there
Expecting now people hopefully maybe to show up to make him look good, so it looks like he's doing something for the money he's getting paid
Which he'll take the money anyway, whether you show up or not, but nevertheless, in Hollywood at the open plaza
Yeah, like I said, I mean, you know, geez, we got some nerve, and they resented here the idea that we're such troublemakers
That we want some information which might induce somebody to come by and go well, what's the purpose of these appearances?
Why does anybody go anywhere, you know, just give us a little information, and they just refuse to do it
Hey, I'm going to tell you, I'm glad to see this competition coming from all sides
This is the greatest thing for anybody, I've always said that
There's nothing that makes you more lethargic and more crappy than when you got into the ballgame, all to yourself
Which this place has had now for about two years, they've had the ball game all to themselves
And now you understand why they have the Mr. Big Shot, Mr. Ego, Mr. Hot Shot Sports Guy, while he got Panicky when it joked the fan went on the air
And was suing this one and suing that one and the muttering and having a nervous breakdown
Because he knew that Barry Jack is the right 6,000 columns in a row to try to get everybody down there at that end of the dials
Is it going to work? No, no, but nevertheless, at least it'll keep him on his toes here
Here's a lady mobile and point and V, chill out
Hello
Yes, ma'am? Hi, yes
Do you hear me? I hear you
Okay, I'm calling in regards to a segment yesterday about Puerto Rico
Yes
Where some app called and said that Puerto Rico should be blown up
And I just like to comment that Puerto Rico is unfortunately part of the United States
60% of its people live below US poverty standards
And unfortunately we do have a lot to be pissed off about
Unfortunately colonization is the downfall of civilization
And that is why we have plenty of reason to be pissed off
And I love your show
Okay, yeah
And have a great day
She loves this show, but she's pissed off
Well listen, can I tell you?
Just have a good laugh about it
And life goes on
By the way, speaking of depressing things like Puerto Rico having all that poverty
I mentioned yesterday I got this letter, this fact from Ryan Dorety
He was a student at the University of Florida in Gainesville
And he was a good friend of Brian too, one of the two kids that got killed last weekend
And the letter that he sends, and I'm sure he's probably listening right now, he facts this to me
And I would read it on the ear except Brian, I hate to break through the line
I don't know how to say this to you, but nobody cares
I could come on and get very emotional and the letter is very heartfelt
And it wouldn't take very long to read it
But I would be leading you down the garden path of Ryan because nobody cares
That's why there's nothing written about this, just about anywhere
And the people get brutally, they get slaughtered every day in this country
It's a slaughterhouse, and nobody cares
They just accept it, and we just keep rolling right along, and that's it
That's America for you
So I wish I could offer something
And if I sound insensitive, I'm not trying to be, but it's just pointless
You know what I'm saying, Ryan?
I appreciate your sentiments and your efforts
But nothing I read or do here on the ear is going to change anybody's attitudes about violence and brutality and killing
You know, like what time is that fight on?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Don't forget George is the prime co-storied of our on Hollywood
Noon to 2 at the Oakwood Plaza
Well if I just mention it off enough, somebody ought to show up just out of sympathy
They'll be singing and dancing
They'll be singing and dancing, maybe Joe Carr will show up dining and dancing
They don't have any free food like Joe and Gelldy got a thorough appearance tomorrow
But you know, you're not Joe and Gelldy yet
You got a long way to go until you catch up to them
Maybe I'll bring a bucket of chicken with me or something
There you go
Or maybe just bring those certificates, maybe for the macaroni game
Hey, there you go
You got tomorrow, huh?
Since those came from Gary
There you go
They came from Gary Sartre, that'll tie Ryan in
We'll give away some certificates for some pre meals
It macaroni grill at George's appearance tomorrow
Like it's been the wheel for him
There you go, it's been the wheel
And say, leave it to me to come up with something even though I got nothing to do with this
Well, somebody's got to try for you for Christ's sake
This place here is Elwant
Well, what is that that keeps beeping?
Is that a nair? Is that a nair? What is that?
Is that this thing again?
Let's be in the end
Oh god
20 before 11 at 560 WQM
If you're sure as a gacky stuck, okay?
Okay
When a moon is hanging out a window
On the floor that's proud of his behind
You've now received way too much info
And the image is purged into your mind
There's nothing grosser than a man with a hairie ass
And with a hairie ass
A hairie ass
A hairie ass
Doesn't have a girl's libido
When you wear a tiny fetal
She can take a look much neater
If you buy a good weed eater
It's a problem that she must have even
Up that boon is more evolved
A hairie ass
A hairie ass
When a girl is lying in a dark room
Her brand new lover's naked in her bed
She runs her fingers down his body
And lets out a screen that wakes her death
Her hands are tangled up in his hairy hair
Her hands are tangled up in his hairy hair
Her hands are tangled up in his hairy hair
Her hands are tangled up in his hairy hair
Oh, right.
45 to 5.5 feet.
You're welcome. WQAM.
Dolphin show is star of Wap and lineup says very jackass
But new station needs to show up the rest of its schedule.
This would be hysterical if it weren't so pathetic.
Very, like I said before, you think you're fooling anybody?
No.
Even a retardant.
No.
Even a invasible.
No.
Even a people at 0.0.
No.
No.
This is so tragic, which I will read by the way in its entirety.
Just in case you missed the arrow or just in case you couldn't find the sports section.
Yeah, they read the format of the arrow that anybody see it the most pathetic, the most unacceptable.
You can't find anything.
For example, the editorial page is in section B.
Wasn't bad enough that it used to be, you know, every newspaper I know of the editorial page
at least Monday through Saturday is on a back inside page.
So it's easy to find.
Then the hero decided, well, that wasn't good enough.
That was too easy.
So they're moving like two pages back inside.
Now that they've come up with their new format where you can't find anything, it's back in the B section somewhere.
And then we'd be really confused.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
With a question, Mark.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, you're so pathetic.
You okay?
Thanks for listening.
Thanks for listening to the 560 QAM.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
South pathetic.
That's why you're listening, pal.
Thank you very much.
Another crappy old craggy disgusting old fart taken up space that living and breathing people could be taken up here.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that, anybody ever almost get into wrecked because you somebody saw something in a pedestrian like that looked really incredibly good all the time.
Not like this, though.
I was going to the post office there on high.
This last time I'm going east on Oakland Park Boulevard.
And I'll be very specific.
It was about 520 in the afternoon.
Maybe this young man might be listening right now.
Come on down and just sit around here with your shirt off, pal.
So there was like a little fender vendor in the cop had the two cars in the left end and turn lane right around 115 terrorists in Oakland Park.
Going east there on Oakland.
And here's the young man standing in his jeans with his shirt off, which even though it's 100 degrees down here for some reason only ugly people here run around naked.
Have you ever noticed that real fat ponchy people run around like the French Canadians.
So help me God.
I thought I was going to have a wreck right there.
Thank the Lord.
There wasn't a lot of traffic because I wasn't paying no attention who was in front of me behind me to my right only to my left.
I don't think I've ever seen anybody in history of my life who looked like that.
And I said to myself, holy crap.
But it happens very rarely here because very rarely here.
Most of the people here are like this last fossil that call from Hollywood.
Yes, I'm about that.
Yeah.
What the hell would you do if I weren't here, pal?
What would you do?
What would you be doing for these four hours every day?
Probably a little Russian will not practice no doubt.
Maybe that was very jackass as a boyfriend.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Yeah, listen.
I wanted to call you earlier in a week but I couldn't because I was working but I really enjoyed your shows on hazing and initiations of the police.
I had a friend of mine who went to Florida State and he told me what one of the fraternities did up there was they had a thing called the Olive Race where they take the guys that are trying to get into the fraternity.
They wake them up like a three, four o'clock in the morning, take them to a field, get them all naked.
Get them all naked.
How do you like that?
Always get them all naked for starters.
Maybe a little booze first and then get them all naked, yeah.
Yeah, they put them on all fours and they stick an olive in their ass.
Back them, yeah.
And then they make them like crawl or on all fours like I guess 50 or 100 yards and the loser has to eat all the olives.
Hmm.
Ain't that yummy, yeah.
That's right, it's terrible.
I mean, talk about anal retentive.
I think there are bunch of fruit cakes in all those fraternities.
Sounds like it to me.
Hey, one more thing.
Doesn't sound like a real heterosexual pursuit to me, but what I know, yeah.
Yeah, right.
One more thing.
Yes, sir.
What's your opinion on the people's elbow?
The what?
The people's elbow.
Which is what?
Don't you watch pro wrestling?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
The people's, what do you say the people's rectum?
Oh, yeah.
Save those olives for your martini by the way, pal.
Here's a mobile and Cooper City.
Hello.
Nea, I think that guy couldn't get into the fraternity.
I think that's what happened.
Maybe just couldn't get the olive out of the rectum.
Happy, happy, suck this meal.
Yeah.
You keep me up on the Jewish holiday and the addition goes along with it.
I'm going to go see George tomorrow and I think I'll have time.
You're not the guy that's right and to go that other time, are you?
No, no, no, no.
No.
Because that guy is not going to go.
You could probably goose the numbers up for the appearance that he brings his wife.
I hear she's pretty hot.
Uh-huh.
Maybe give away a swing date with George and his wife.
There you go.
And I bet it's a good idea.
He control for a swing partners tomorrow.
Yo, could I make a suggestion?
Yes, sir.
Why don't you get a pound 5, 60 prime co-line?
That's the only reason I don't switch to prime co-s because I'm too cheap to call you as it's on my dime.
Hey, listen, listen, I have no control over any of these things all over the next few days.
I am going to be discussing with the powers that be here.
They've got to do something with his phone or else they can blow it out their ass.
Right down the phone sucks, but right down the prime co- idea.
Okay.
I can buy a phone tomorrow.
Thanks.
Big jam and pool pod, major douche bag.
See ya.
Yeah, suggest that to them while you're there, by the way, to my George Wachiann listening
because he's arguing with somebody on the phone.
Suggest that to them tomorrow at prime co-
that we get along.
We need all the lines we can get because we've got a whole bunch of people out there who can't call.
And if we're going to expect the listeners to pay on their dime to call this place
and wait through these long-pinder risk commercial breaks, we've got another, I think, coming.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and crawl springs.
Hello?
If you get a pound 5, 60 prime co- line, I'll drop my AT&T phone tomorrow because I've got a prime co- phone that's not currently hooked up.
And I'd left to go back to them.
The reception is great.
Yeah.
Aside from that, the...
I have Miami-Herald editorials are to be back in the classified section since they're all bought and paid for.
Mm-hmm.
And...
Maybe next to the funny pages.
Absolutely.
That's about it, Neil.
Okay, see ya.
Woo!
Okay, that clears the board.
Now we can get into very jackass as Colin looks like I said.
I will read in this in turn because it's well worth it to show you just how desperate.
I mean, you know, you've got a major market newspaper and you use this putts as like a pawn is what he is.
He's the tool.
Dolphin show is star of Waffin lineup, but new station needs to show up the rest of its schedule since very jackass.
Nearly a month has passed and 17 under the fan launch this outflow to second sports radio stage.
See, Barry would like to be a hundred sports radio stations because he's such a moron.
He's such he's the ultimate nerd.
So he really believes that's all that anybody cares about.
Unfortunately, like the nighttime signal, the quality of the programming has been hit and miss since Barry.
Rhymes with one listener scorecard, meaning his of course.
And of course, are there any other listeners?
No, so we should have said their listener scorecard.
The evening pro the Dolphin's program, 6th APM with Harold sportswriter Armando Salguera and XQAM freelancer Bruce Warner has emerged as the station's best talk show.
And no, this opinion has nothing to do with Salguero being a Harold college.
He says without now here's the caper.
Without question, the show provides more quality information for Dolphans than any other regular sports talk program in the market.
Are you ready for that?
The fans Dolphin show has the potential to do the most damage against WQAM, which often airs dull, limited appeal marlins and panthers pregame shows during part of that time slot.
Now, I have no qual, we know, qualable what he just said about how dull those pregame shows are.
And of course, the marlins games, anything to do with them is dull and a tune out, but.
But the casted in those terms makes it so obvious you'd have to be deaf dumb blind.
You'd have to be like Helen Keller and Vidded for 50 years, not to see where this is all coming from.
Barry.
Yeah, they got more Dolphans, get more information, then like from the Jimmy, we could be special show or from Hank or from Jim Manditch or from Dave, one stat or any of these things.
It's Armando, Salguero and Bruce Warner.
They provide you with more Dolphin information without question says Barry.
Then we get to the mid days.
Okay, see, we think that Phil Henry is going to be a stiff competition.
Wait to hear this.
Scott Kaplan and Sid Rosenberg.
Hey, who broadcast their syndicated show on more than 25 radio stations as well as the internet have good chemistry and engage in lively, often amusing dialogue.
They're 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. program, Phil's a real niche because WQA and there's non sports programming in parentheses, Neil Rogers during that slot.
Rosenberg in particular impresses with his depth of knowledge and quick retorts, but the show drags at times, such as when Rosenberg recites his weekend plans, who cares and spends several minutes guessing which.
That was the highest grossing movie of the summer.
Why didn't Kaplan just give the answer and move on also produces go overboard on sound effects on that show says Barry.
They they feel a real niche.
There's a tremendous void.
There's a tremendous vacuum and need in this market for another sports program between 10 and 2 because in parentheses Neil Rogers is on not the highest rated talk show in the market is under in that period of time.
Never never ever has Barry of course because he got such tremendous integrity never has he ever mentioned since he wrote those horrible doom and gloom predictions about what would happen in this radio station if Neil Rogers came on the air here.
About the ratings that we've had and how we exceed by like take all the other talk shows put together and we probably are like on a par with that or maybe a got him beat.
Put together to put that in there Barry.
No the afternoon programming has been more locally oriented in the station originally envision GM Tony Colata you whatever name is tried to require rights to the popular mic in the mad dog show from the fan in New York but WFA and would not cooperate because it feared calls from Miami would hurt ratings.
And believe me they would if they were heard to calls for Miami they would know they would hurt ESPN radio meanwhile decided to remain with WQAM even though QMA is very little of its programming that prevented Colata you from pursuing the rights.
And Patrick's new ESPN radio talk show one to four PM are carrying any of Tony Cornhole Tony Cornholes 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. program.
You know Tony Tony Cornhole.
See George this is all foreign language to George you don't understand it that's because you're not part of the fraternity you're not part of the goddamn club man you better get with it.
Okay to be continued in the moment 1056 of QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
I'm the one big shot.
I've been on stage at night.
I'm sick.
Take a closer.
Ben stop dancing in the eye.
I know that I should make them stop putting on with me.
It's my own.
If I could ring a dial.
Every day I have night.
I'm driving the wind and no gun.
I'm with my hands and legs.
I'm driving the wind and no gun.
Every day I drive a wind and no gun.
It's my own.
It's my own.
I'm driving the wind and no gun.
I'm driving the wind and no gun.
I'm driving the wind and no gun.
I'm driving the wind and no gun.
Love it 0205 60 WQM.
So continuing with Barry's masterpiece this morning believe me it goes on and on.
Which is good.
It'll feel some good time.
Unlike a few WQM hosts Jim Barry to the 4 p.m.
Treats collars with respect and does not level personal attacks against athletes and others.
He's nice.
He's silly but he's nice.
He's also attracted quality guests including several heat players.
But Barry whose veteran television needs a co-host to generate spicier conversation.
His theme shows such as recalling best sports memories should be saved for a slower time of the year like July.
The late afternoon show for the 6 p.m. needs an overhaul.
X Dolphin Mercury Morris who continues an on-air audition says nothing the average fan wouldn't know.
Incredibly Morris recently refused to say where he thinks Dan Moreno ranks among the league's best quarterbacks.
That's what we're paying you for co-host John DeCandido pointed out exasperated.
The obscure DeCandido co-out competent but colorless has had to assume too large a rule because of Morris deficiencies.
Station Minority Owner, more testy's distrata, the show's third host must have instrared sports knowledge beyond baseball.
And then here comes Barry's frustration because Barry of course hates Hank like,
hates me but he hates, he has multiplied times 100 and you got how much he ate Hank.
Can't 1700 come up with a more formidable show and it's most important time slot.
Ask the very exasperated Barry. Can't they do it?
No.
Collotto you to impress the ringer stood on WQAM says he doesn't have time to go on air but he'd be an improvement over DeCandido.
1700 the fans should continue experimenting with guestos.
Matt Moore for instance until it finds the right mix god damn it.
Barry's pissed off. Can't they do something better against that fatso?
The Harold's Dan La Bastard couldn't join 1700 the fan because WQAM picks up his ESPN radio show.
Why we don't know.
Wami's marked Joan's way of discussions with 1700 didn't have time to do a late afternoon show.
The most eye opening development has been evening co-host Judy Prado's ability to secure live interviews with Mark Keane.
He gets like Albert Belgeri Sheffield Ricky Williams and Matrizment.
The personable Prado who should become more polished over time hasn't received any help from Seth Jacobson.
Her co-host on the 8 to 10 PM Sports Night Club.
Jacob Sports Night Club.
How do you like the name of that show? That's perfect.
Jacobson a whanny producer goes off on too many enane tangents such as questioning women callers about flirting techniques
and asking Prado which soap she uses and does she drop it.
1700 is carrying sports 20 hours a week days with Don I'm a syndicated show 6 to 10 a.m. Occupying the other four hours.
You notice the way he like he shifts that to the end of this article morning drive.
Like that's not important at all. The old dead man in the chair. Don and his brother Fred in the ranch.
He's on 6 to 10 a.m. Occupying the other four hours. Those throw away called morning drive.
Weekend programming has been sold and including live NFL and college games and boomerah size and syndicated radio show at 8 a.m. on Saturdays.
Colota use it ad sales have been strong and insist he's got the financial resources to survive long term.
But the number of listener phone calls lags at times.
Says Berry.
How is that possible? How could you not have a whole bunch of calls all the time?
Huh? Do we have any now? No. No, we don't have a one on the board and we have an audience.
So you can just imagine when you have nobody listening which they do at 17 on the end of the dial.
And this is what you're up against here as far as the media is concerned.
We work for a station that doesn't promote at all that won't spend a dime to promote anything on this radio station.
And we got people in the media and of course yes we do rip them all the time but deservedly so.
For things unassociated with this.
But here's a campaign going on. Oh they're just they're salivating over there and you know something is going to work. No.
We and you know something we had and never had one person call seriously.
Now one person that wasn't a quack who said anything to say about any of the programming on radio station.
None zero. Zipity doda. Not a not a one.
Just like we have an had one call about the exciting announcement about Phil Henry going to be on the air 10 o'clock at night till one in the morning and then tape 90.
I'm the noon opposite us the last two hours every morning on the 940 stupid talk if I had one call about that.
No, not a call not one.
Such as the state of broadcasting in this market boys and girls no wonder Tom jica sold his radio.
No wonder dr. Mark was himself set when they repote his radio.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I got news for you Barry if there's any interest in 1700 to fan we sure aren't hearing about it on this station. I'll tell you that.
They must all be listening over there.
Here's a mobile and Tamarack hello.
Hey Neil how you doing this is Joe. Where is this station coming out of because I'm up in Tamarack and I get 1700 but I don't get the station.
Yeah. Well what do you get?
It's like real static you can hardly hear it.
Uh huh. You mean how can I say that?
Well they got about six watts I think.
And at night you can't hear it anywhere unless you're sitting under their tower.
Well I don't think they're going to make it.
Okay thanks Tony there's our first call on the bathroom maybe the maybe the second mentioned today.
Oh well he can't hear it so it's not really a comment he just can't hear it.
That's the comment we can't hear it or maybe our radio won't pick it up which your lottery is the don't go that high.
Barry I think you you must be doing the jungle juice Barry you must be on acid because it's just ain't going to happen sweetheart.
And as much as like I said before about the about the dumb detector we got to find some of the people that buy stuff on this radio station.
I got news for anybody who would buy spots on that radio station that has no discernible audience whatsoever.
You really got to be crazy how about a dollar a holler sounds pretty good overpriced at best.
Here's a mobile in North Miami hello.
Yeah he's lucky you can't hear it because it shows sucks.
Yeah thanks got nothing to worry about.
Okay thanks Woody.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
He must be he must is a durable muster ran away or something because this week all of a sudden after a long height is what he's making a big comeback must be desperate.
Here's Fort Myers hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes I'll tell you the baseball season ever and I mean it's just a deny.
One more week pal just hang on it's almost there we're almost over with this Marlon craft.
I'll tell you I just don't know if I can take it seems like every time I get in the car unfortunately I work when you're on so I haven't been able to get as much as you as I want.
Yeah you're so really great I'll tell you I love it.
It really is.
But you know every time I get in my car at night it's a pregame it's an aftergame it's like why would any advertisers or want that audience that is going to be sitting home listening to the Marlon game.
I mean those people don't want to spend any money.
I mean it's just terrible it really is but hey the Tom Green show keeps me going and I didn't realize that was it a no one or repeat last time.
You know what I mean too because they've been screwing around putting on those repeats I haven't really been keeping up on.
Those are the repeats to October.
Oh repeats to October we didn't miss anything man thank God.
Excellent well I'll tell you what the real world this seems to be getting a little interesting the guy.
The guy was a blonde hair the gay guy is like turning on everybody so.
That fruit cake.
I don't watch that no more I don't watch just.
He's got to a bitchy queen for me it's gotten pretty good I'll have to really have you give it another chance and take a look at it.
Okay pal.
Hey Neil thanks a lot.
Have a great weekend.
Bye bye.
Okay call from four Myers why bet you if we had an 800 number we'd be getting Zidians a call from over there.
But hey don't start that again.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line Friday you.
You.
Here I let it.
I don't know if you remember me but I was the guy whose house you said I'm fire last year.
God I miss you even though you blew up my car.
Car all my hair off I miss you.
But one quick question.
Do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this.
No one said me for weeks but I'm not complaining.
Don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my heart but if you happen to see my mother please let it go.
I'm not dead yet.
Fear of landings.
I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend that wasn't me.
He kind of looked in top just like me but that surely purely coincidental.
I was the way near that place.
I love you too much to look at anyone else.
Fear of landings.
I had a dentist appointment that day and I was the way near the church.
Metalheads hotel.
I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good.
Who wins all those rammies has all that money.
Make my life be out of it.
I'm 15 at 560 WQM.
God Krull has changed in the 24 hours.
5607 0560.560 on the 18T wireless line.
Lighten up a little bit.
Speaking about that desperate bitch Diana Ross.
I noticed it must have been in the paper here yesterday because I didn't see anything about it.
I did see a little clip here and there on the TV news.
About two seconds.
A desperate attempt for a news story.
See I know that anytime I'm in the airport all the media.
They're all behind me, all the people at TV crews and the cameras and the boom microphones.
So I'd like to just be a coincidence that they're all hanging out on the heat throw waiting for Diana Ross to get pissed off because she got frisked when she went through the metal detector.
And I know if I'm going to go through a metal detector with the airport, I always wear a big fluffy thing like she was wearing with a lot of feathers and stuff and with metal buttons on it.
That's my favorite as a matter of fact to make sure the metal detector goes off and Diana to make a long story short was all bent out of shape and made a big stimulus and a big publicity thing out of the fact that this woman when she set the metal detector off that she first.
Squeezer boob.
So I'm channel surfing last night and here's my good friend because there was absolutely nothing else on.
Don't be trusted.
And who's he got on for the entire hour we got around for the entire hour.
Diana I'll get back to you Diana and every time he might ask for anything that might even be slightly embarrassing which is unusual for him.
Larry I can't hear you I can't I'm having a hard time hearing you Larry.
To make a long story short the woman first and of course if Larry who I'm sure has traveled abroad who's been abroad in a prior life.
I mean you gotta know that in Europe unlike here when you go to the metal detector when you set it off they don't just have the little wand like they do here they're serious about it they got a woman if you're a woman a woman of first you and if you're a guy a man first you.
That's the way they do it.
I've been first over there and unfortunately the guy that did it was ugly but nevertheless so she's all upset well I don't think she was really doing anything on tour but she was doing her job and it was very busy but she was it was just unacceptable.
It was doing it too fast and her hands up there under my breast and in between my legs and down on my backside well guess what Diana that's what they call frisking okay so I've had let's see through a fit and a hammer genus and then came back and did the same thing to the woman said how's that feel like I did it that brought on the MTV Awards.
Yeah this is Diana's new thing she's running around grabbing boobs all over the world.
Maybe that's her new deal now to try to prove I was going to say her masculinity.
So they got around here and I couldn't turn it off I'll be honest with you because she kept getting more and more embarrassing and then they dragged her away to pull these took her away and they finger print it her and did a whole song of dance and too bad okay you don't act up at the airport Diana but like I said where do these camera crews and all these all the boom mics and all the stuff where they come from.
Talk about desperate desperate and who gets sucked into it for an entire hour putting her on national TV again.
Don't be just unbelievable.
Here's Davie hello.
Yeah Nioh.
Yes sir.
Yeah what's going on with Phil Henry is he going to be on or what?
Do you have any idea?
No I have nothing about it.
Who Phil Henry is?
Phil who?
He's going to be on another station.
What are you listening sir?
Why would you listen to me?
Why would you ask you been listening all along I got you explaining it to you very clearly.
I just I missed that plot.
Yeah he's going to be on 940 stupid talk.
940 stupid talk.
10 p.m. to 1 a.m. and then they're going to replay the tape 9 in the morning till noon every day so you can listen to it while I'm on the 3.2 hour.
Oh why wouldn't do that.
Yeah you would.
Anyway sister loves you she's the nature she's works with center one.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay get some help.
Okay 5 6 7 0 5 60.
That's our first comment about Phil Henry being on the air and he's kind of like you know.
I don't understand these people it's like oh what are we going to get Phil what's going to happen and I'll like to give you the big news.
Which I didn't have to because obviously they're going their desperate over there going to stick them on against us for a couple of hours every day on the tape.
Thinking that that's nice.
Come on people you're a genius baby.
You're a desperate genius.
Here's a mobile in the Weston hello.
Mobile in Weston.
Deal God.
Yes sir.
Can't help these people slow it there or what?
Now my phone is beeping at the same time.
Okay.
Long time listener first time call.
Yes sir.
And this is your second Phil Henry call I just tuned in.
Let it start October 4th Monday October 4th a week from Monday.
Oh my God can it be true.
It's like into this town.
Yeah.
You know I've got a buddy who's a limo driver and he used to drive Phil Henry around a lot.
He was telling me his story.
He was on time.
He picked him up from the airport when he's come back from Michigan when partying with him all night.
He said he's just as hilarious in person as he is on the radio.
Yeah.
He's a funny guy.
Yeah I bet.
I bet.
I love the meal.
All right Neil I'm not a material.
Yeah I can talk to you up with him.
Good news.
Okay.
Have a good day.
The nice knowing you.
All right.
5667 0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
That's all right.
I can handle it.
Colin say you're goodbyes now because you know we may not have a chance to speak between now and
October 4th.
I can handle it.
I'm a big boy.
Here's a cruel Gables.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
The best part of it is goodbye after Laura.
Yeah.
But I am looking forward to this.
Thank you for letting us know because Rick and Sud said nothing about it.
I know this is the first place in the world that this has been made.
Like anytime anything happens in radio you always hear about it first on this show.
This is the only place where we unleash the truth.
Well it even television.
The first time I hear about it is on your station.
Right.
So you know it doesn't come to any surprise.
I am looking forward to it.
When I was living up north I listened to Phil Hendry when he was in Atlanta.
Yeah.
And I love your show.
It's great and thank you for letting us know.
Okay.
All right.
I'm not paranoid.
I know you won't be listening to us anymore.
You'll be listening for a little bit.
I will listen to him.
I will listen to him alive at night.
Oh.
That would not make sense to me I would think you know.
But if you don't want to stay up till one in the morning you probably have to listen the next morning couple.
Well I will listen to it while I work evening shift.
So that will be perfect for you.
Perfect for you.
Perfect because I'm getting ready to crash and as I get home.
Okay.
Have a great day pal.
All right.
See there you go.
There we go.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT.
Yeah we're peeing in our pants over here Pete.
Are we just don't know what we're going to do?
That's he knows he said he'd get even with me someday.
If it's the last thing he does he's get over going to get over a two share on someday part of it.
You think that's going to happen?
No.
No I really don't to be honest with you.
I just don't think you're going to get any gigantic numbers over there Pete.
At least there'll be somebody to you know to find Phil.
Okay.
But I just don't think you're going to get a big number.
And I don't think you're going to wind up selling tons and tons of a better than again they don't worry about that stuff you know.
Which is why they don't pay anybody anything over there or a queer channel.
Here's point and V.
Yeah Neil.
Yes sir.
Neil Goddard.
Listen I was calling I wanted to find out why don't you have an 800 number?
I don't have any very simple answer because I work for people who are a bunch of cheap pricks.
That's the answer.
Neil I've got an 800 number here in my house.
Right.
And your house.
I have one at the office and it only cost six cents a minute and 15 second increment.
So that means most of your calls usually run about 30 seconds to maybe never more than a minute.
Yeah but what about when you have people on hold?
Well all right so you're talking maybe 12 cents.
I was on hold for about four minutes.
Yeah.
Nobody you think there's a way around that and I've suggested to our program director who of course we spotted by going.
Yeah.
In fact when Larry King was on neutral when he was doing an awful nighttime show,
neutral and even as cheap as they were they had a 900 number and what they would do is they would let the phone keep bringing.
You do just keep bringing and then when the producer would pick it up just before they were going to put you on a year.
So you didn't have people on hold for a long time building up that gigantic bill and the expenses wouldn't be as great if you're worried about being cheap,
which these people are.
In other words if you really want to do it there's a way to do it without it being a major expense.
But these people don't want any expense.
Let's take a minute.
I mean in 15 second increments I mean a 30 second call is going to cost less than four cents.
Right.
So you have 100 you know and you've got to you should have some type of a budget with all of the viewers or listeners you have.
Yeah.
We should have.
But who can I call there to show what kind of a thing I've got with the.
I wrote several people over here like to see what kind of a thing you've got.
Yeah.
No, but I want the program.
You might take a look at it and an 800 number.
Uh huh.
Who would I call there?
Call up a definitely the program director.
Duff Lindsay.
Yeah.
What's the phone number it is off?
Just tell them get off your duff.
What do you mean what's the phone number it is off?
Why do I call pound five 15?
That's for Duff Lindsay.
Yeah.
Call.
No.
What's the office number for this guy?
305.
305.
6353.
6353.
6796.
6796.
And what's the.
And I think it was really Duff Lindsay.
Yeah.
I just tell them get off your duff.
Yeah.
Okay, me.
Thank you, Pat.
Please.
We need some assistance.
Thank you.
Now we got the audience going to bad for us trying to get us a guy they made a hundred lines.
So we can actually talk to a bunch of people which we need it.
I'm telling you desperately.
Look at this.
You think the fan ain't got a lot of calls.
I got two calls on the board.
I've been on here here 23 years.
We got a 90 share of the audience.
Even the smarts are all listening right now.
And we still can't get anybody to call.
And you wonder why they don't have any calls over there on 1790 on the AM dial.
And nobody can pick up areas.
That was your wondering right now.
You idiot.
A little fat puddle-wacking piece of dirt.
You in the cell.
Yeah.
A lot of what you say, Bobby is true, Neil.
Oh, man.
I'd like to put together a station with him and Angela Ray, Brian Norcross, Rick Sanchez.
Just call up the silly station.
All the silliest people that we can find.
Jim Barry.
Here's a mobile in Boker.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
The guy that you go to the games with.
Is that your boyfriend?
No, it's not my boyfriend.
Are you worried about that, Mitch?
Wouldn't you be at the game like a real human being, you jackass.
You asshole that we always see you alone.
Is that because nobody will go to the games with you.
You'll imbecile you jackass idiot.
There's another great hockey call for you.
Oh!
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T Rottles line.
Maybe he's jealous.
John said he ain't interested, by the way, Mitch.
He said you're an asshole.
Josh and I will stop it, stupid.
Coming soon from one star picture.
Combining the highest-grimbing tone ever, Titanic.
And one of America's greatest stories, Movedig.
Tommy Lee, Starzing, Titanic Dick.
Can I either of you think a white whale?
No, but I just saw this guy out on a boat with his girlfriend.
You should have seen that side of his shlaw.
Take me to hell.
As the boat sinks, Captain A. Hab tries desperately to videotape Titanic Dick in action.
Moving close by, my zoom lens only goes so far.
Why don't you just walk up to the front of the boat, a peg leg faster?
Titanic Dick.
I'm the other protection of the First Amendment.
I feel your paper seeing.
You should have just legal.
Playing now in BCRs across America.
By the way, here's a personal message to Keith Smith Jr.,
who's a chronic listener and a center of pornographic mail.
You're really sick, you know?
I mean, desperately sick.
Desperately, desperately ill.
For 20 some years now, for the last 100 years, this man has been sending me the most grotesque pornographic crap I have ever...
Nobody in the world would want to see.
But this morning he has really topped himself.
So the space.
Squirt, squirt.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wildest Line.
Anybody ever been first at the airport when you go through those medallic textures?
Uh-huh.
We all have.
Did anybody make a fuss about it?
No.
Only Diana Ross.
Because she's yesterday's news.
Because she's old, and tired, and worn out.
And she desperately needs a big, big splurter is what she needs.
The splurter.
Don't need to see that.
I wonder how much they paid off to put the heronier last night.
For the entire hour we got that.
He was first at the airport.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
I have to congratulate you on impeccable timing on your show.
I don't know if anybody mentioned this or not.
When Tom Glavin was pitching the other night against the Metts,
they pulled him in the seventh inning, and at the end of the inning he went over and gave his coach a little kiss on the cheek.
On National TV.
What's wrong with that?
Uh, a little grab ass in the dugout.
Maybe he's your opinion.
Could be.
No, they seem to like it.
So a little fraternity stuff going on.
Maybe Tom Glavin's in the grab.
Not could be.
That's it.
Okay, thank you for the good news.
There you go on the Braves game, which by the way, how about those Braves?
Oh!
Kick the Metts three in a row.
How about that chipper Jones?
Oh!
Do you want to talk about that?
Two calls left in the board.
Boy, I'll tell you, Barry, I think you got a point.
I think they're all down there with those two very entertaining guys at 17 under the dial,
because I'm hearing from our sales department.
In fact, that's probably where all our live spots are gone, George.
They're probably doing them all down there at 17 under the fan.
Because I hear those two guys, they have to in the midday are tremendous.
And I mean, between them on the one side and Phil Henry in the middle.
I mean, we're out of business.
Let's face it.
You know, I mean, I'll take the money every two weeks, but we're out of business.
We're done.
Look at this response here, man.
You know, you just have to be perspicacious enough to realize when your time is up,
when they call your number.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's the lady in pompano.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I just wanted to tell you why I think nobody calls.
Uh-huh.
Because you keep hanging up on everybody.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, my husband listens to me.
Did I hang up on the last guy?
No.
I'm a very impressed.
Anybody who has anything to say, I listen to him.
If they have nothing to say, I hang up on him because I'm supposed to be entertainment.
See, it's not unlike what Barry Jackass writes in his comments morning about how some of us are rude
and we don't suck up to the call.
It's supposed to be here for entertainment.
Not to give a demonstration of how to be polite.
That's true.
Okay.
Anywhere I just wanted to tell you.
Tell me why.
What I thought.
Oh, why everybody calls?
Yeah.
Okay, have a nice day.
Bye.
Thanks for your critique.
Okay, bye.
You hang up on everybody.
It's fine.
Nobody wants to talk to you, asshole.
Okay, thank you.
Unless I got something to give away.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Bob, I bully.
Okay, great.
In our last call, a day of mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Neil.
You're at, yes.
You're washed up, buddy.
Yeah.
Don't get to take you out.
Yeah.
Don't buy a house.
Okay.
You're washed up.
You had too much.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Go back to New York.
You had too much.
Thanks for listening to 560WQM as you do every day between 10 and 2.
And don't squeeze yourself too hard next time.
Okay, sweet art.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless.
That was probably Pete Boulder's boyfriend.
If he asked me, I'd have liked it.
It sounded like he had a little problem in his rectum.
Here's for a lottery deal.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A lot of these idiots out there don't realize that your show is just entertained.
Yeah.
And I think your show is so fucking entertaining.
And you can say it and you can say finish, but you can't say it.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and coconut creek.
Hello.
Now they're warming up to the task.
Hello.
Love you, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, okay.
Here's for a lottery deal.
Hello.
They're warming up, but they don't have much material.
For a lottery deal.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
54, brutal day.
Man, well.
You know, just they can take a look at us.
You know, they're under a lot of pressure.
Yeah, but you know, they got nothing else to do.
I mean, they, once you vote, they're losing.
They're pushing in.
They say they hate you, but they're listening.
It's, that's the bottom line.
And when push comes to shove, you're still going to be at the top of everything.
Yeah.
You're the best.
Okay.
Thanks.
I got nothing to talk about today.
I've mentioned all these different things.
I wasted all the time with very jackass this column.
George Scott is dead.
Anybody care about that?
No.
He was a drunk, by the way.
Drunken and miserable nasty prick, like I said yesterday.
A great actor, but sometimes.
But in gigantic, enormous ego.
Big piece of newsweek, this magazine, this, this, this, this, this week magazine this week about Krispy Kreme.
See, I'm getting tongue-tock.
By the way, what are we getting for lunch today?
While we're talking to some more of these boats.
So that's worry about lunch.
Not worry about them.
Screw them.
Like that bitch of the cost to tell me.
But if Asian people don't con you, the taxi is because you, did I hang up on her?
No.
And did she have anything to say?
No.
No, but I still don't hang up on her.
How do you like that?
Just unbelievable.
They all got that fucking bitch.
I'll critique, but they're all listening.
That's the amazing part.
Oh yeah, come on.
You know, Phil's gonna take you off, baby.
Is Phil gonna take me out?
No.
Is the wife gonna take me out?
No.
Did Howard take us out between 10 and 11?
No.
Everybody in their brotherland did a large ass limbaugh take me out?
No.
To the ballgame.
And guess what?
I wouldn't go out with the ballgame, but he probably had all the goddamn winters.
Especially the ones that were in somebody's rectum.
Like we heard about yesterday.
How about Atlantic City?
Yeah, that sounds real good.
Let's go there right now.
They have any direct flights?
Yeah, Atlantic City Sub sounds real good.
God, is that a great place over there in Hollywood?
Man, I'm telling you.
That is a spectacular place.
We love you guys.
Krispy Kreme Donuts, a tasty stock offering.
Bubba loves him.
How do you like that?
I'm gonna tell you one thing, by the way.
I forgot to tell you how I'm sickest.
This president has told so many tall tales.
That's right.
That they even have a name for people to tell a story.
They tell tall tales.
They call them Bubba Micees now.
Could he have told so many?
Well, at any rate.
Probably all the Jews are in Shulah.
Do you go to Shulah on Sookers, by the way?
No.
Make sure you're hope not.
Man, oh man.
How can you afford going to Shulah all these damn holidays?
In Simha Stora, all of these just jammed up back to back.
So at any rate, they're coming out public now.
Krispy Kreme, which I always thought was just down here.
I thought the one on 163rd Street there in North Miami Beach.
I thought that was like a local thing.
And come to find out.
They've got, let's see how many?
147 stores from New York to California.
And growing like crazy and going public on a stock market.
Which by the way, if you didn't find any stock that's going up these days.
Good luck to you.
Good luck to all of us.
Krispy Kreme, God, I only wish I could eat that.
You know, I wish we could just find.
Give me the magic pill.
Give me the magic cure.
And let me have all of the Ben and Jerry's in all the Krispy Kreme.
No fat, no diabetes, no sick, no any of that crap.
Please.
21 before noon at 5.60.
WQAM.
21 to noon at 5.60.
WQAM.
We got mad dog mad dog.
Yeah.
For Hank and two, Hank in Pittsburgh and Boston.
He's somewhere for the NFL this weekend for ESPN.
I get during the break two of the greatest faxes in the history of the human race.
Let me save the best for last.
This is a close second though from our good friend Eric.
Who does our web page up there in Orlando?
Nice going, Eric as usual.
Neoronjers.com.
It says Neil, I called Prime Co.
And the awkward plans again information on George's appearance.
I talked to three people there including a manager and no one knew anything about it.
What does Sam do exactly and do well?
Here's what I put on a website.
So Eric is actually put something on a website to promote your appearance.
George will be appearing tomorrow Saturday, September 25, noon at 2 p.m.
at Prime Co.
and 29, 10, awkward boulevard in the awkward plans in Hollywood for directions call.
And here's the number 9244433.
You'll be singing, dancing, giveaways and George.
We'll be looking for swing partners and do something with this sock puppet.
There you go.
A little promotion on our website from our good buddy Eric, which is more than we get from Gary Sarner and from Sam and the nephew here in this place.
Calls over there.
You're going to be there tomorrow from noon to 2.
Did they know anything about it?
No.
They probably don't even know you're coming.
No.
Nice going, Gary Sarner.
You idiot, you psychotic maniac, you lunatic.
God, but here is, I may frame this.
And I have to go back on my board because I said that I would not read another one of his taxes on the year.
But this and this will not be the last, by the way.
You can take that to the bank.
And wouldn't you know that it would be?
And of course I'm delighted because that red neck they called before.
I feel it's going to take you out.
That's what I'm looking for.
I'm delighted to hear that.
Good little spice going in this otherwise deadly boring town.
But here's the facts from Andy.
And after all this time we discover that it's Andy Rubenstein who works at Paul Gardner company in Palpat, Oveach.
That's Andy from Hollywood.
As in, oh, God, the most desperate of all desperate, the most chronic of all chronic, the most annoying of all the annoying.
The anxious, denosyating, the revolting, the puke inducing, Andy from Hollywood, who says,
direct to let you know that I'll be tuning into Phil Henry every day.
As you know, I'm a great fan of yours and Phil's since you are a bitter old van, I think it's time for a change.
On October 4th at 9 a.m., my radio will switch.
If you are lucky, if you are lucky, I may tune you in after Phil.
It has been quite a while since my radio has changed, but I will finally be happy and able to smile again.
It's been fun, but all good things must come to an end.
Andy.
Oh, that's a bad part.
I can only pray that it were true, but I know, of course, it's like all of the things they dangled in front of your face.
It's a lie, it's a tease.
Is there any chance that Andy will really, for any length of time, more than a few minutes, that he's going to turn off this program?
No.
No chance.
And I love that line.
It's been quite a while since I've been happy and able to smile again.
He'll finally be, isn't the guy that just got married by the way a few weeks ago.
But now he'll be able to smile and be happy again, because now he's got an alternative to subjecting himself to this God-awful show every day between 10 and 2.
This is almost like, this is almost that apart from the emancipation proclamation.
I would put it on that level if only it were true, like I said.
Only the difference being on the one that feels like I'm emancipated.
Oh, God.
Now if we could only get it, we could hook him up with Woody.
Can you imagine how fortunate we would with...
I bet your Woody likes Phil too, as a matter of fact.
Yeah, we're praying.
We're praying.
It's sookist that we're praying for you.
Okay, we're praying for us.
We're doing Hail Mary's.
We're laying our tephilis.
We're squeezing it.
We're saying prayers for us.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
We had the whole zillion calls on here, boy.
And as soon as we go to that break, it's goodbye time, baby.
Adios.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Kepasa.
Just a moment, when I was surfing, you know, when the hurricane came.
Yeah.
Those porcus were given up the tickets.
Yeah.
They asked me for ID.
I didn't have any.
ID for what?
Oh, it's sookist that you can write you the ticket.
Yeah, so I gave them a bunch of false information and...
All right.
Great.
Ripped up the ticket.
As soon as they left it.
Nice go on, pal.
Excellent.
And it's looked fatty.
All right.
Woohoo!
Okay, pal.
Hey, can I call someone a douchebag?
C.M.E. inside the Diana Ross.
Yes.
Eric Walker, you're a douchebag.
Okay.
Thanks, ma'am.
Don't do it again.
There you go.
Just leave everybody alone.
Okay.
We got all of this...
This...
Police state of ours.
Everything knows picking police.
That'll be next to knows picking police.
If they see a picking your nose with the wrong finger in your car, they're going to give you a goddamn ticket.
You know, if nobody has ever been first at an airport or any place else in this audience, I guess probably because most of these people never been anywhere.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, sir?
Okay.
Hey, listen.
I just want to comment and let everybody know all those people that call you and say that, oh, that you say this and you say that, they have nothing else better to do.
I mean, they're still listening, am I right?
Yes.
I mean, so...
I just want to say I'm a recent listener and I enjoy your show and I think it's great.
And I look forward to what you got to say to all these douchebags.
Okay.
All right.
And have a great day.
Okay.
Thanks for the suck, Jack.
A little suckin' around the day.
They don't have too much material though.
They're not responsive to anything I'm talking about, including even Krispy Kreme donuts.
They don't care about that.
Oh.
I can't imagine.
I mean, that's an emotional topic for anybody that's ever been there.
That got good stuff.
Good stuff.
And of course, we can promote them today because our friends from Dunkin' Donuts shine this this morning and didn't show up with the usual great breakfast that they do.
That they make that special ham and cheese and thing with me without the bread and the egg and all that cramp, which is delicious every Friday.
Look forward.
That's the only reason I come in usually on Friday.
Although today was payday, which is almost as great of motivation as Dunkin' Donuts being here.
I think that's the only reason I came in today because it was payday.
Because until we get this phone system going, I think I have to go out on strike.
Here's a mobile and Davy.
Hello?
Hey, Aquaneel.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I'm here.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I thought you said mobile, but I'm not on mobile.
Here's a non-mobile and Davy.
Here's a stationary and Davy.
Stationery.
I want to talk to you about the guiding light.
All right.
But I have to tell you, I'm the way to work this morning.
I saw this guy on a motorcycle and on the back of his t-shirt, it said, if you can read this, the bitch fell off.
Okay.
That was pretty good, I thought.
Selena.
Someone told me that she was that old rock and roll party girl that used to hang out with all the rock and rollers like in the 70s.
Addie Darbinville or something like that.
I'll tell you a little bit about that detail out of me.
It's the holiday.
Maybe somebody will know.
By the way, you know the old Michelle on guiding light?
Yeah.
She's on some other soap opera now, either in general hospital or some ABC show, I think.
All my children.
Is that what it is?
Thank you.
I thought she kind of looks the same as the other one.
I thought it was just a clone, maybe.
She's very annoying.
She's extremely annoying.
No, no, the old Michelle, not the new one.
Not the new one.
I'm the original Michelle, the real beautiful, the knockout.
Oh.
She's on another show now.
All right, thanks.
But this new one, oh god.
This new one looks like Mariah Carey on a bad day with a smaller breath.
I'm very annoying.
I definitely pay more attention to the man than the one.
Okay.
And I was in a fraternity.
And by the way, Billy, I sure hope they don't put Billy in the goddamn slamer.
Well, that could be interesting.
It could be like, ah, the need for the guiding light.
Exactly.
Talk to you later.
Okay, see you.
Oh, Billy, don't do it, Billy.
They got Billy cornered there on his pewter.
He's working on it.
And I guarantee you, he's watching the Jennifer Lopez.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Anybody out there like crispy cream?
No.
No, they don't even know where the hell it is.
Whatever happened to the people in this town.
You know, whatever happened to the real people they all, today I'll leave.
I think they all got chased out, you know.
They're Cuban's eat donuts.
Sure, what is it?
What would it mean?
Sure, why not?
Donuts are good.
Why wouldn't they?
I don't know.
You're always telling me about a whole different-
They have pizza, they have their own little things, but they don't eat those.
Pat treat, little pat treat.
Oh, and by the way, that lunch yesterday, oh my God, that scallopini de polo from macaroni grill.
That was unbelievably good.
And you know something, it takes a lot for me to say that, even though they're going to be a sponsor on their station, but nevertheless, I wouldn't go so overboard because it's Gary Sarner's account.
So unless it really was spectacular, I would have avoided repeating that, but we just so good, I have to, in spite of him.
Not because of him, but in spite of him and the way he screwed you on his appearance tomorrow.
By the way, George is going to be at tomorrow from to, here's Davy.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Did you read a few recent years call, call today?
No, I couldn't find it.
It's in the Broward edition about Ken Jenny.
I got it right here.
It says, a rest violated right to right.
Is that the one?
Yeah, it's actually a pretty good article.
It's about the old guy who wrote...
Yeah, the old guy who wrote the anti-Semitic crap, yeah.
Right, well, he went to jail.
And she's saying that basically Ken Jenny doesn't know anything about constitutional law.
She also talked about the end a little bit about how he went to the sex clubs,
and how he brags about these petty crimes, if they're even our crimes, that people are committing,
and basically just just going...
You know, she's starting to make a lot of sense lately.
What happened to her?
Is she's written about three or four really good comms the last month?
Yeah, I mean, it's true.
Listen, I'm even Jewish, and I...
Oh, what?
It's your first amendment, right?
Right.
I mean, they try to get them under some very old state law that it's illegal to write anonymous...
Yeah.
Well, that's just Ken Jenny sucking up to the old Jews in Broward.
That's what he's all about.
It gets disgusting, you know.
Whatever happens.
Same thing with the sex clubs.
I mean, you know, it's not illegal, but everything wrong.
It went to a private club.
It's just...
They should go after the big hard crimes.
Let's go after the rapists, the killers, the robbers, the Steelers.
Yeah, but you see how it all ties in together?
Did I tell you that about Ken Jenny a long time ago?
This man thinks that he's going to climb up the ladder by being Mr. Goody-Touchews, you know.
And it's not going to work.
It's going to blow up in the space.
He's sitting here that he's doing this, I'm sure, you're right.
But he wants to run for mayor someday.
That's right.
There's no question about it.
What city?
For Lauderdale, probably?
Okay, I hope that doesn't happen.
Keep him out of Davey, man.
Yeah.
Put him on his horse and send him back.
And have a great day.
There you go.
Sue Risinger, thank you, sir, for pointing that out.
To me, it is a good call.
I'm sitting here reading it about this guy, this old guy, Lloyd Shank, who keeps writing the anti-submitted crap.
And he anonymous, but they knew it was him because he's been writing them for years.
And so Ken Jenny just throws the guy in jail.
And as she says, illegal is what Sheriff Ken Jenny did.
He arrested Shank in blatant violation of the man's First Amendment rights and held him behind bars for two weeks.
And Howard Finkelstein, as it points out, he was at the Democratic Club a couple of nights ago opening up his post.
And he was right on target about that.
Outrageous is what it is.
But when you got a sheriff who's a fascist, why is it that every time we get a new sheriff in Broward County, it's another fascist.
It's another guy, damn Nazi.
Every stink in time, we get somebody new up there. He's worse than anything else we ever had.
It's a lie. I am not, but not see.
Yeah, you should live so long, Ken Jenny.
Closing down, airy, I'm telling you, mark my words.
Just a matter of time, if he gets his way, he's going to be closing down.
Every guy, damn adult establishment in Broward County, because that's where he thinks it's at.
He's going to be the Rooney, Julianne of South Florida.
He's going to turn all of Florida, not just Orlando, he's going to turn all of Orlando into Disney World.
So the virginity police that we have only in selected parts of Broward County, they're going to be all over the place, inspecting your crotch.
And if they see anything at Telltale sign, even if it's a goddamn Oscar-Mirowiner, you got a real tourist baby.
Why can't you just leave the people alone?
Why can't you just what kind of a government is it that just can't leave people alone?
And that puts dangerous people back on the street again after they've been in there for a very short time.
And people who pose no danger to anybody, like the weed people with the weed police, they're in there for years, rotting away.
Because they had the audacity to light up the wicked weed.
Yeah, I'll tell you, weed does have, there is definitely like the reformad distinction, there's a definite association with insanity and marijuana.
And that is that the people who are arresting people for smoking it, growing it and selling it, those are the crazy people.
This is 560, UAL.
W-U-A-L, I'm at the sports body table.
We don't intermaker in the care of being.
They got the best herb that you ever seen.
All right, ask anybody in that table.
They tell you this is a country where the gun's a people.
Raps the man has some he wants to sell.
And from a mile away, you can detect these smells.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
He light up the spliff and smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They're gun to be good.
You can carry lots of herb in the gun, you can pack.
Smoke it every day until your lungs turn light.
With all the money that we have made, Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
A marriage and tourist on the here and say, got nothing like this in the US.
They're smoke, smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up the spliff and smoke.
They begin to puff and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They're gun to be good.
I'm the teller son, you are a rough stopman.
You like to smoke, you're just a stiff with every hit gun.
Any people coming here for miles around,
fighting work for you by the ounce and dick gun.
Raster man, say to her, what am I right?
They're gun to be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up the spliff and smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They're gun to be good.
From 03 to 560 QAM.
And we got all the information on George's appearance at Prime Code of R between noon and
two in Hollywood.
They're going to be, yeah.
Hey listen, go buy and see him and feel sorry for him.
Okay, help him out.
Oh god, it's great to see you here, George.
What are you going to be giving away?
He'll say, oh, yo, give it that look.
Just don't go there, freeloading, looking for something for free.
He'll go there and contribute something to his life and make him feel loved and wanted.
I'll be twirling like Shalala.
Make him feel like he's earning his money, whatever they're paying him over there tomorrow.
I wish you'd ate that much.
See, I realized Gary Sarner that being from our sales department, you don't understand the whole concept.
We were discussing this during the break, George and I.
The concept of actually doing something for the client when you take their money.
See, our sales department, that's alien.
It's not in their vocabulary.
The idea of actually making somebody show up and bringing in some revenue for them and making it worth
while they spend the money.
There's no understanding of that.
There's no concept of that in the QM sales department.
It's just that, you know, putting your red thumb detector in fines and people crazy enough to hand you over a bunch of money for nothing.
And we'll say, okay, take it.
5, 6, 7, look at Sam.
He takes it to paycheck every couple of weeks for nothing.
I mean, seriously, if there's anybody in the world who gets paid for doing absolutely nothing, there's the man, which is why our promotions on a scale of,
is the big O. Nothing, zero.
You can't complain about the promotions on this station because there aren't any.
We don't even have a guy with a sandwich board running up and down Lincoln Road Mall.
Here's Little Havana. Hello.
Yeah, little.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
Okay. Yeah.
I know nobody's touched base on this, but what do you think about the Herald's front page on the red neck in Texas?
You just got convicted for dragging that poor black man to death.
What do I think about it?
Yeah.
What do you think about the sentence?
You got little injection and he's crying in the front page.
Yeah, he's crying tough crap.
Yeah, I saw it on the news.
I say, fry his ass right now.
Take it, you got it.
Okay.
And then the other one, too, has got to go to trial the third one.
I say, fry them all together.
Of course, in Texas, they're a little bit more civilized than we are in some respects.
Oh, and did you see the thing on CBS News last night about the guns?
They're buying up guns.
Like it's going out of town.
You want to know why?
Because they're Y2K intensive.
That's right.
All those crazy people, you know, the ones that hold up in the woods.
Yeah, they got all their ammo.
They're selling ammo.
And guns like record levels this year.
And part of the reason being, they're getting ready for the disaster.
And all these prophecy books that have been written by crazy people,
being read by even crazier people with guns.
There's nothing like having a country where there's a bunch of crazy people armed to the teeth.
Like that asshole, our first call or yesterday.
Oh, yeah, the Democrats are evil.
They want to take away my guns.
They're evil, all right, but not because they want to take away your guns.
They want to take away all our goddamn money.
Miniac.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I think we're just going to scratch all those spots.
You know, just so we can go through one day and see all the people stay on the line and not hang up.
Actually, we do get a lot of calls.
It's just that they don't stay on for more than five seconds.
Because every time they hear the second that there's an inkling that they might be,
because this station is conditioned the audience into commercial panic.
They have commercial anxiety that people listen to this radio station.
As soon as they, like I said, there's an inkling that there might be a spot.
Oh, they're running.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Any other quick things?
Yes, sir.
Just so you don't say nobody talks about things you're talking about.
Christmasy cream donuts?
Yes.
When you go by, when the red light's flashing, that means the donuts are just coming out.
So if you go by early in the morning on the weekends, you get them piping hot.
Really?
So hot, you can barely touch them in the other path.
I never knew that.
Oh, yeah.
They're piping hot.
You don't want to touch it too much, yeah.
There's a light that says, you know, fresh donuts, you know, like now.
And you can go and you can get them like right out of the fire.
They're the best.
Oh, right.
The other thing is, I've been frisked at an airport even in Brussels.
I was going through Brussels and not only when I went through the metal detector and you beat there.
Right.
It's not like here where they make you go back again.
They put me against the wall because the machine does come off.
They frisk you and then they're like, okay, now you can go.
Right.
And you know, hey, it's just part of the security.
That's right.
It's about security whether they just did it around with some little magic wand.
I mean, they, uh, they want to feel it.
They don't mess around.
And if you've been out of shape, Diana, because well, they felt under her breast, uh, I guess what, Diana,
how do you frisk somebody without feeling around all the body parts?
She should be happy.
She probably either had her breast felt in a long time.
Exactly.
Who they would want to.
Right.
The other, the last thing is you're not kidding about salespeople being hassles.
A quick thing.
My girlfriend's a sales person for another radio station on the Spanish market.
And they had like, uh, they were selling their spots at, you know, whatever,
$500 for 30 seconds.
Or something like that.
And then they changed format.
Yeah.
And like some clients that spend like 30 or $40,000 on airtime.
And now that they changed format, they're supposed to drop the prices.
And I asked, hey, so if you're going to get twice a year, she says, no, not screw them.
They don't know the difference.
Yeah, there you go.
And they just pop them for the full pop.
There you go.
That's the radio away in Miami.
Sure.
You got it.
Yeah.
Anyway, you know, you're gone.
I love you.
I have a great day, pal.
There you go.
One of our great calls of all time.
I actually had something to say.
It says for lowly donuts, crispy creams have attracted a high-powered following.
President Clinton had been delivered regularly to the White House until his fitness advisors heard about it.
He used to eat them by the box.
Yeah.
They're really like Pringles potato chips.
Crispy cream donuts.
You can't eat only one or two or three.
Because they're kind of small.
Oh, no, seriously.
You get them in that box and you just shovel them down.
With all due respect to our friends at the Dunkin' Donuts,
that'll teach them to shine us this morning or any Friday.
And if you have the munchies, the box goes in like 30 seconds.
Oh, yeah.
Then you have to play with it.
Oh, no, why did I start this?
Why do I even see that thing?
If you had any idea.
And then you know somebody's going to send some over here or something.
No.
Not today.
Nine minutes after noon at 5.60 WQM, let me...
Welcome to the drive-through window, May.
I take your order, please.
Yeah, I'll take a double cheeseburger, no onions.
Would you like some French fries with that burger?
Yeah, and large coke.
Regular or diet, regular or diet, regular or diet, please.
Regular.
How much is that going to be?
You, you, oughta know.
Drive it to the window, please.
From our music, CKLW.
Yeah, let's get those CKLW jingles on.
I was so depressing with a guy called yesterday,
I said that they were shutting the station off the year.
How do you like that?
I wonder how long before they shut 1700 off the year,
probably not too long, Barry.
5.60, of course.
What am I talking about?
I'm losing my good friend, Andy, from Hollywood.
Yeah.
We got the two live juzon there at 17.
Remember we got Phil coming in the morning, at least a couple hours.
Overlapped.
I'm losing my best post-loyalist, the listener, Andy, from Hollywood.
I think the end is in sight, baby.
You can smell it.
Can't you?
For about a million miles away.
You can feel it.
You can squeeze it.
So don't go alienating Woody next time, because he's about all we got left.
5.60, 7.05, 60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, as long as you've been around, why are you so immature?
Why can't you have a real show like, uh,
I don't like, like, uh, yeah.
Then why can't you find one to listen to, pal?
Because you're, uh, another one with little Cuban buddies there.
So you can do that.
He's squeezing it.
Uh-oh.
Squirt, squirt.
Couldn't have been him.
5.60, 7.05, 60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's so, so sad.
That where we have 14 million Cubans in this town, and we have like maybe three of them,
and actually have something to say that can converse, that can hold a conversation,
that has something to say that might be interesting, humorous, uh, whatever.
Worth a while.
I think worth a while is the word.
And anyway, shape or form.
And the rest, it's a little, it's a little, uh, gag of my mind.
I'm gonna put it in my deconies.
5.60, 7.05, 60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, Woody.
Like I said, we don't want to talk to him ever.
Here's Pemberpine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was reading in the morning, when you have times that Perot is gonna support Buchanan.
Let me ask you.
Yeah, so let me ask you a question.
Buchanan gets elected.
Who goes through the gas chain this first?
The Jews, the blacks, or the gays?
Uh-huh.
Well, that's my question.
What do you think?
I think Ross, I think short people like Ross Perot.
I think that's a good idea.
Yeah, okay.
5.60, 7.05, 60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT.
This is another thing.
We're supposed to talk.
We might have a chance because in Jesse the body ventura in this before party.
We really thought there might be a chance.
And then of course, it looks like Buchanan's gonna be the candidate because Peabro's still got all the strings.
Because he's the $1 money.
You know, uh, Ross, uh, Pat Buchanan who says, well, we misunderstood Hitler.
Maybe we shouldn't have gone to war in the first place.
And let the Jews control the country.
That kind of good stuff.
Nice going, Pat.
Oh, again.
5.60, 7.05, 60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and bell-glaed.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was just kind of applaud you on your awareness of how tax money has been spent for these glorious, uh,
80s and whatever going on in Miami.
I'm in Palm Beach County though.
And I just want to let you know.
New table will never print that.
And I appreciate it.
Okay.
And have a great life.
This paper we never print what?
Do we know?
No, no, no, don't ask questions.
Just keep moving along.
Okay, just keep rolling along, singing the song.
5.60, 7.05, 60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I did you see today on the newspaper 22 people got busted in Grand Elf Park touching each other?
No.
Yeah, true to them were priests.
Yeah.
And I'm in Grand Elf Park, guys.
It's not that fabulous.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, here's our last call for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
So that's amazing news that they're going to put on the other station.
They're going to put tape in the middle of the day.
Yeah.
Against you.
Well, it's better than Dr. Laura.
Mm-hmm.
And they'll have to fill live at night.
Yes.
I used to listen to Emma on the internet.
So it would be good to actually have them on.
Well, she has one advantage.
And of course, when you're on tape, you really don't have to do anything.
But she's got one advantage that he talks to himself.
He doesn't have to rely on phone calls.
Because anybody needs to rely on phone calls in this market unless they do in the sports third show.
They might as well forget it.
Because that's, yeah.
So it should be very interesting.
It should be really interesting.
I think what I'm going to do is probably on it because I got a little radio in here and during the break since we got all these spots.
I'll listen to feel like from 10 to noon.
In between the show and between the four or five calls we get.
Yeah.
So and also...
You could just silence cast might not be a bad idea.
That's an idea.
Oh, George, you can tell George, well, that there's swing clubs all over the state.
Yeah.
That he should check out.
And I hope to see George and Crystal at what are new places.
You don't want to see him.
What?
I said have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See what I tell you?
George is using the show as a conduit to finding a bunch of other perverts out there.
That's what it's turned into now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah.
Yeah, he wants to see you when Crystal naked is what he's saying going.
And he really don't care about her too much.
I think is what he said.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
One line left that aboard and that's it.
Then we say, bye-bye.
See ya.
Here comes the music.
Punch up that much music.
There you go.
Thank God we got that thing all hooked up there.
Thank God for our friends that brought us that satellite dish and Jeff Cohen with the TV set almost two years ago.
That's all we got.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, let's talk Ryder Cup cough.
Yeah, look, do you like Freddy Cup?
No, it's not.
Okay, there's it.
There's your last call of the day.
Paul, call up that 1700, baby.
Come on.
You got a sport.
You got a great niche there.
You got the non-sports show here, man.
Wrong show.
Call up 1700.
Make your very jackass feel good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let me say it again.
The nature of the people who call these sports shows and just like this guy who thinks he's being funny, but nevertheless, that would be the kind of call that you would hear on those shows.
Those people, I just look in the mirror and I ask myself, how can there be people like this who really are interested in these things?
Who thinks that anybody cares about these things?
God.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
You're in the toilet.
They're okay, great.
But they're all still, you see, why do you waste your time?
I'm getting stale.
My material is stale.
They show stuff and you're glued to it.
You're stuck to it like glue.
And no matter who they put, could put God on it and you're still going to be listening to.
Now God.
Who the hell are you kidding?
You're not fooling me.
You're not fooling anybody in the audience.
You're with IQ larger than their toenail.
Everything is getting stale like last year's hall of a.
The only thing that's stale is old farts like you, sir.
That's real stale.
That's what keeps this such a dreadful deadly goddamn place to live.
Old stale miserable bitter farts like you.
Who haven't had a goddamn bowel move before God didn't imagine coca was a baby.
Before Martha Ray had real teeth.
Here's Helen Dale.
Hello.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
All right.
First time in a long time.
All right.
I was wondering if you had any recent like best of nail stuff?
Starting October 1.
October 1.
W. It's specs.
It's specs?
Yep.
Okay.
You're God now.
Okay. Thanks.
Love you.
That's right.
Our center 1 campaign begins October 1 at specs.
They'll be in 17 specs stores all over Dave Broward and Palm Beach.
And by the way, anybody asks us and I'll try to work on it.
See if we can get it over there in Fort Myers since they have a specs over there.
And we have the list.
That would be a good idea.
Just in time too, by the way, because you know, but another three, four weeks will be out of
business over here with this crowd.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Oh.
Yes, sir.
I just want to say a new listener.
I love your show and I can listen to it all day.
Great.
Thank you.
Thank you.
A lot.
Thanks, pal.
See you don't want to talk too long because he's paying for it.
He calls on his dime.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
We'll pray for you.
Because he's spending his time to call us because we work for him.
I'm so glad we're on in Fort Myers.
Not just because we've got a few people listening over there, but because the bees
are in the trees, over there in Naples, can pick it up loud and queer, okay?
And because unlike some of the sucklings we got around this place, I'm the one that's got the balls to tell you what
I want you to cheap, cheap, unbelievable bastards they are.
They won't even put in a goddamn toll-free number.
So people like this last guy, I got to pay to call us.
How many people are going to pay to call a goddamn talk show?
And then sit on hold and wait for 22 minutes while their meter is running for the honor of being on there for a minute or two.
Or like the broad that bitch said before, oh, you hang up on everybody anyway.
Why would they want to talk to you?
Hmm, God.
You know, it's just amazing what you could do with a crowbar.
How much better you can feel about life?
Here's a mobile and store it. Hello.
Yeah, how you doing now?
Pretty good, sir.
Hey, look, you don't have any friends at all in the head station because you know what?
Here in Stewart, there's a head station and has a food outlet.
On one side is a Godfather's Pizza and on the other side is a crispy cream donut.
Oh my God.
Wow.
So they were thinking of you on the other side.
On one side and crispy cream on the other side.
Yes, sir.
Oh my God, they'd have to carry me out in the goddamn way.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
Okay.
And once you showed up, by the way.
Okay.
There you go.
Oh my God.
Thanks to our good friends at Atlantic City Sub's again for bringing us a fantastic again for the eight million time.
You're the best, baby.
We love you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Godfather's Pizza.
Gone.
Thank God for crispy cream.
That's been here.
I don't wonder how long that place has been there, by the way.
And that egg place.
What is it?
What is the place?
The omelet, the egg, the ham and egg green next door.
Those two things.
I mean, that's about all that's left in North Miami Beach.
There aren't any more white people there.
No.
But that's the only two things we got left in North Miami Beach is crispy cream donuts.
And the ham and egg green right next door.
They've been here since before I was here.
23 years at least, that means.
Corkeys used to be right there.
Corkeys used to be right there.
Is corkeys there anymore?
No.
Along gone.
See, what did I tell you?
The day that corkeys disappeared, that was the day they put the last nails in the coffin in North Miami Beach.
How sad.
How tragic.
What did I used to love?
Those little potato pancakes of corkeys.
Mmm.
And that parking lot was jammed, baby.
It was jammed, it was loaded, it was packed.
They were packing it.
And then all of a sudden for someone who announced the reason the neighborhood started changing and everybody said,
Oh, we're moving.
See ya.
Here's a mobile and lake worth.
Hello.
Hi, how you doing?
Great.
Little spy report from 17 trillion on the dial.
Yes, sir.
Here's somebody that's heard it.
Yeah, I have the amplifier on my radio so I can pull it in.
They were talking about Barry Jackass' article.
Yeah.
And they said, any advertisement is good advertisement, good or better and different.
And how that fills tapes on a knock your audience off.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
But that's what they were talking about.
Uh-huh.
What does that have to do with sports?
Oh, please.
I thought they had a sports show.
One of those two group balls talk about it in the midday.
I've never heard anybody say that they even do a sports show.
Well, I was trying to do an amateur sit-down comedy show like Christina Moore.
I listened for about five minutes and then I just couldn't even bear it anymore.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
Yeah, they're worrying about my numbers over here.
Guess what?
You guys got any numbers?
No.
They got the big...
Well, wait and see when those numbers come out on Monday by the way we got another trend coming out.
We'll see if they got any number, which I have a feeling it's going to be a big, fat, round number.
I mean, you know, you have to start scratching your hands.
And you're wondering of certain people at certain newspapers around the take when they start writing stuff like that, you know?
I'm not mentioning any names, of course.
We have to start wondering about that.
I'm not making any accusations, but you have to wonder like, out loud.
Just desperate.
As in...
Don't be 50 dollars.
1226 at 560 QAM.
Friday, you best.
Good orgy bushes at his noses clean and never puts up in it.
Because he's running for the White House, so he took 10 minutes.
Don't drunken that's not all even down a few people.
In college, Andy, Drunk with Doohy, and Drunk with the Mastas too.
Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it?
He preferred the bread, which shut their mouth.
But if any of you got them business.
He did more than what you think.
So he watched it down the sea.
And he preferred cocaine to have.
That's the question that he does.
And he make his point much clearer.
Like a razor on a mirror.
Like he wants the tube in the...
That he didn't do anything.
George, Bush with the Mastas.
Don't drunken that's not all even down a few people.
He's running for the White House.
He just came to me with George's cream.
George's cream.
1231 at 560 WQM.
We got the Mad Dog gym manager for Hank.
Yes!
To the sector, no.
We got the gym name.
We could be really special.
We could be something.
We could be a pilot.
Johnson, show a five.
Talking baseball with Donnie.
We could be a six-hundred pre-game and then the Iraqis in the Marlin stuff.
Oh, thank God it's almost over.
Thank God!
Here's a call from Boston on your dime.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I'm calling from Boston.
It was near on the internet every day.
I'm soon actually moving away from today down to Fort Lauderdale.
Moving myself and my company and all that stuff.
So I can listen to you live.
Oh my God!
Even though you're alive.
Anyways, I'm a big fan of crispy cream myself.
There's one in sunrise that I visit all the time usually about three in the morning.
There's one in sunrise?
Yes.
I think it's sunrise.
It's right above where my friend lives in sunrise.
It's in the most remote location you can ever imagine and they never get your order right.
Anyways, I'm opening a new store.
Hopefully I just heard you talk about adult products down there and I'm opening an adult store of all places in Fort Lauderdale.
In Broward County?
Yeah.
Oh boy.
I was open to it when I was living in Wilking Manors but they don't allow that stuff I found out.
Not even the elongated toy things.
Those are actually illegal to own in that area.
Anyways, and my store will be right across from the crispy cream in Fort Lauderdale,
which is about an A1A or something like that.
A1A, yeah.
No one's that A1A.
It's on Route 1, whatever they call it.
The US1.
Right by the sports authority.
Yeah, you obviously got a good grasp on the area.
Well, come on now.
I'm down there all the time.
Anyways, I hope to see you when I get down there.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
And have a great life.
Oh, there's a guy that's going to be sorry.
Sounds like a decent guy, but I'll be sorry.
Better watch out Ken Janay.
They're coming.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
You know, the guy from Boston talking about the adults, but that makes me wonder.
Have you been to the Gady lately?
Yeah, I'm standing outside waiting for it to reopen.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, and you see even hell.
What was it?
See you in hell.
Oh, see you in hell.
Okay, I see you there, pal.
I'm having a good lunch by myself.
Good free lunch.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know something who cares?
Got a big, big fat check in my pocket.
Nice big free lunch sitting here from our friends in the Atlantic City Sub.
Life is sweet, baby.
The most hateful, the most sour, the most bitter.
As long as I got my buddy Andy from Hollywood, nobody can screw with me.
I'll tell you that right now.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, dear.
Yes, sir.
There is a crispy cream right near you.
Don't even tell me.
Yes.
It's a nobler in McNair.
Well, that's not that close to me, you know.
It's a nice one, yeah.
Not too big.
It's not far from you at all.
Yeah, I'm not, I can't eat donuts.
Believe me.
I know, but anyway, don't mind the kid, yes.
Okay, thanks for the bad news.
I must be the one that guy's talking about.
The guy that's going to open up a porno joint in Ken Jenny,
I'll shut him down in about five minutes.
No, no, it's around begging you.
You'll be sorry.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
I need you, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
The crispy cream on Federal Highways right next to J Alexander's.
I love the blocker.
We've got to put the state down in that area, yeah.
Like a double story, what I listen to paternity in college
is talking about that the other day.
Uh-huh.
And one of the things you did was fundraising.
And what we did was we bought it when you're a racing fund based,
so you bought shoes of the crispy cream donuts,
and then you go around the neighborhoods wherever you go and sell them.
And it said $0.55 on the package.
Where it doesn't glaze donuts.
Uh-huh.
I should have how much it goes to sell them for.
Where we were, we told everybody that we paid $65,
and we sold it for a dollar.
The actual cost was $35.
Well, being a pledge, you always have to volunteer your car
and everything else.
So I had probably, of course,
maybe $100,000 in the back seat of my car.
In the summer going from door to door,
the end of the day my back seat was glazed.
And people still love them.
And you know, I had so much to be seen.
I said, I had to order, look at it.
That's a point that was just number.
Yeah, that's what the guys always say when they borrow somebody's car.
It was crispy cream donuts in the back, yeah.
Kind of, yeah.
And it had a hell of a night.
And it was kind of gross and fun.
They became the, they were giving me cow eyes,
but it was oysters, it came like that.
Those no, you'll be healed.
And the other thing is I was very good friends with Jake and the Joe Lamata.
And I spent time in their home.
And as far as father and everything,
Jake was pretty good.
I'm seeing, you know, he was pretty good.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks, thank you.
Okay, thanks.
Woo!
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's VOKA.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
We were, you were talking, I want to follow suit like a learning with the crispy cream.
When you were over at WIOD,
the first time we ever saw Phil Hendry was at a crispy cream in Fort Lauderdale
when they opened up on Federal Highway.
And he was sitting there in a big WIOD truck all by himself,
nobody in the stores, nobody at the crispy cream.
And we went up to him, we said, hello.
And he started one of his routines, and we said,
this guy's going to be great.
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
So we just wanted to tell you that he was down there doing the promotion for them years and years ago.
How do you like that?
Now, what is he going to come back or how's he going to come back?
I know he's going to come back somewhere in square-troll and somewhere on the radio,
but he's not going to compete against you.
Yes.
Oh, god, this is definitely great.
Now what are we going to do?
No, you tell me.
I don't know.
I'm not going to talk to him.
You tell him I have a left-wing.
I have a left-wing.
I have a left-wing.
I have a left-wing.
I have a left-wing.
I have a left-wing.
I have a left-wing.
I'll be able to do those.
Do you know when he's coming back?
Is this the end of the day?
We come Monday, Monday, October 4th, 10 to 1 at night,
and the night and noon in the morning.
That's right.
We'll never give you up.
What is it?
We love you.
We'll never give you up.
Thanks, guys.
Thanks, Jim.
Sure, that's what you say now.
Yeah, we hate you now.
We hate you.
We want you to die.
We can't stand you.
You perverted fangs.
You'll be despised.
You'll be despised.
We'll be despised.
God, pardon me while I wipe them.
You can solve my body.
Okay, from the last couple of hours.
But that's okay.
I'm used to it.
The city of love and brotherhood.
Friendliness.
Yeah, reaching out and...
Humping it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 50, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
20, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
We're going to...
Let's start our play-down.
And enshorts each own joy.
With joy thinking of it.
Before
200 November,
Take a tan of the sun.
Oh, like that sun.
Oh, hi, that sun.
I love you.
I see that sun.
I love you.
You are my light.
I see that sun.
I love you.
I see that sun.
I see that sun.
I see that sun.
I see that sun.
I see that sun.
I see that sun.
I see that sun.
Yes, that sun.
No one knows.
It is a good place to be.
I'm not there in mid days with a dew loft shop.
I'm not there in mid days with a dew loft shop.
It is just amazing to me.
First of all, if the two livestreams they use.
If they were talking about a few things.
Where did they hear?
that. Or where did somebody you called them and picked them off? Where do they hear that?
There's only one place they could have heard it. That means they were listening over here.
That's number one. Number two, I know if I'm on the year competing with somebody else,
like they were allegedly competing with me, I'm going to brag about the fact that somebody else
is going to beat whoever I'm competing with. Not that I'm going to do it. Somebody else is going
to do it. Oh man, give me a break. I want a joke. What an unbelievable joke.
5667-0560-050560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. How you doing?
You're pretty good, sir. First of all, I was going to say, did you read that article in sports weekend
on the hill? How about Whitney? I mean, it didn't really say anything. Yeah, I read it. I took a look at it.
A little ask, just in saying. Right, didn't say anything. Like all our hockey articles, it said nothing.
In second, do you have any information on Tom Green shows that is that off the air now?
I mean, I know they're showing a repeat, but are they? I started starting in October,
coming back with new shows. It's the funniest damn show. Third off, I didn't want to say something.
Charlie and Meredith are douche bags? Okay, have a great day, Phil. Okay.
Wow. 5667-0560-050560 on the AT&T line. Here's Pemberg Pines. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I'm calling you up. I want to
you know that you're doing a great job. I enjoy your show. And I just like I said, I just got back
from from Connecticut. I've been away for a few years. Okay. Whatever happened to the to Alan Burke,
Alan Burke show? Dead. Yeah. Cute. 5667-0560-050560 on the AT&T
wireless line. Pony voice dead host. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. It's about a couple of years. I'm down
here at South Florida, originally from Montreal, Canada. Of course, getting excited for the upcoming
hockey season. And being up there hockey, I mean, almost impossible to get tickets at the forum and
the molten center and all that. So looking down here, we should gain some tickets and to the
the passer game. Yeah. Explain to me how they get away with charging $70 for those lower seats.
What do you mean explain to you? It's called whatever the market will bear if there are people
dumb enough to pay it. They'll charge it. I mean, it works. That is in claim. I mean,
concerts that will, you know, once in a lifetime up here, you go see what fine you'll want to be
that. That's why they're having a bit of a time zone season tickets is here. That's why they got
another not just the one they had back on Worshushana. That's why tomorrow they have another
pick your season seat day from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. I'm glad you mentioned that at the Macarena because
they're so desperate to try and sell some more season tickets. That is just crazy. You're right.
Oh my god. Not to mention the overpriced crappy food and the joint besides. Exactly.
Not to mention that there's no drainage in the parking lot. So the one night we had a flood
at the game last year that people erupted their goddamn arm pits in water.
No, yeah, yeah. Like I said, it's a whole different mentality. It just bring us your money. And if
we put a crappy product out there, build complaint, just keep subsidizing us. You owe it to us and
build us in New Orleans and build us a new stadium. And again, keep in mind, the Canadians, by the way,
pay the $11.8 million in taxes last year. More than anybody else in the league, the Panthers pay less
than 100,000, which is why you got that big stink up there that they're trying to get the lottery
money and all the kind of money to subsidize the Canadian team so they can stay in business.
Yeah. Crazy. Yep. I don't want to know. Are you your lease fund?
Yes, sir. Are you a reclinator on Toronto? No, Rochester.
I come from the end of being lease. They're right across the lake. That's all we had right?
Right across the lake. So you're a bigger lease fund than Panthers, right?
By far, by a million miles, 41 years of excitement.
All right. All right. You'll keep it a good job. This show you have is 10 times better than the crap
you have up there than you tell you. Okay. All right. Thank you. I'll read the energy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. Go, leave school, baby. My job's not to break away. Nice going, my
stuff. Some of the highlights from last night's 4, 3, exhibition win over a Vancouver.
Leaves are looking pretty good again. Is here anybody here care about that? No.
This guy is right. It's just amazing. It's astonishing.
You see, the people down here that you like try to remake the real world. That's the thing
that I love about so many of these people here. Like any place else you go in there,
people who are interested in, you know, ABC and the variety of things, all of these things.
And here it's like, oh no, you're talking to four language to us. We don't have another call
from Boston on here. Do we? Hello? Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing?
They're pretty good. I'm from down here on vacation. Well, you're from Boston. Yeah, I've
always listened to on the internet. And I'm starving for lunch. And you're talking about,
you're eating some from Macaroni Grillius today? Yeah. What was that?
How you ate there about when the first open, I tell you, it sucked. I'll take care of it.
It was great. Scalapini de Polo with this year with Angel Hare pasta, which I passed on the
pasta, but it was great. Oh, yeah, I got to give that a try. I got one down the street from here.
Okay. So, um, hey, you have a great show, man. Thanks a lot. Thanks. I love your
mantra. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60. Pine, believe me, if I didn't like it, I would tell you because it's
curious, sir, and it's a count. Okay. So if I thought that it sucked, or that was less
in sensation, light would be the first one to tell you, but it was great. Now, they just keep
that sparks are off the table there next time I go for dinner. I'll be real happy. Or anybody else.
Just get out of here, whether he's dark, whether he's light, just keep the goddamn heart
and help off the table. We don't need no singing. Please, please.
Wasn't that him? That was him.
Oh my god. I feel like I've just had a goddamn cannonball stuck in my rectum. Wow.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60. We hate Andy from a Hollywood. We hate him. We despise him. We wish he would die soon.
Die, Diana. That's our wish for you on Sookas. Hasn't sucked this.
God. Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hello. Hey, knew how you doing today, sir. Okay.
You figure that guy is still listening, huh? Andy guy still is. He's still listening. That was him.
New, I don't know if anyone has mentioned this to you today. I was watching
NBC last night. My wife watching friends and stuff like that. Yeah.
And they played the abacovian fidget commercial.
I have to make it guys wrestling. No, the wrestling spot. That's my favorite spot.
Oh, you've seen it already. Oh, yeah. Oh, I thought I saw a man. I held on to him.
I told him I'm not. There's a spot for him to see on TV. Yeah.
Yeah. I also want to do. Yes, sir.
Rian, Eddie, major flaming dish bag. Okay. Thank you. We get you. Okay. You too.
Yeah. That wrestling business. That's a great club. You more on. No question about it.
You can deny it all you want. You can get pissed off. All you want. Okay. We won't out you.
But we know what that's all about. Okay. A little grab ass. A lot of grab ass. And grab whatever
else you get a fistful of dollars. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
The evercrombie and fish wrestling spot number one, baby.
I'm not as good as the kid had a little offender, bender on Oakland Park. Did I mention that by the way,
20 or 30 times? I felt like just parking my car right there and standing on the side of the road.
Just steering. Yeah. What's wrong with that?
Yeah. In fact, I left a cop with him. I wanted to go over and say, hey, listen,
whatever, just offender, bender, whatever, the damage to your car. I'll take care of it. We can
work something out. No problem at all. Here's four Myers. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
You know that guy that called about the fraternity? Did he say something about they glazed his back seat?
Yeah. They said they glazed it back to his back side.
Backed him. Uh-huh. And good show. Closing. Can I hear the Brittany bit? Same with your quest.
Okay. All right. You got it. All right. And happy circus in four Myers too, by the way.
Ha, ha. You hear that? He said, all right. Very well. Too, by the way. It's good job.
Too bad we can't talk to our good friends over there in four Myers because we got a bunch of
cheap bricks running this off. But I'm going to tell you we got some real changes coming and
we'll just be underwear around this joint. These people are gotten the free pass for two freaking
long. These people around here. That's going to change very, very, very fast.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil, long time listen. How you doing? All right, sir. Listen, I'm going to do a little
suck job here. Neil, I think you're great, man. When you leave this town, we don't know what we're
going to do without you. I don't know what I'm going to do without you. Listen, let me ask your
question. If there were to extend your contract, would you stay a little longer, Neil? No.
No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. What's the question?
Neil, I think that George does a great job, but nevertheless you are the best, you know,
on what you do. But I think when you leave, when these people want George back, I want to talk
about the swing club. So you can hand him right to the edge of a rare major sexual experience.
No. I think I'm going to tell you more to get right to that moment of excitement and then
you know, just go limp. I think he is interesting. I mean, he talked about a lot of stuff.
I didn't say it was interesting. I just said that he had them all excited.
Well, Neil, I don't have that much material. It's raining here in Miami like crack. Yeah,
I heard it's raining like crazy. You know, Sam is over there. That celebrity golfer.
I mean, we got we asked, you know, pretend you do some work and we just asked Clarence,
how's it going over there? And he said it's raining cats and dogs. Yeah, it's raining for
better. This whole weekend is going to rain out here. Listen, I got a car for you. You ready?
Yes, sir. Okay. Well, what happened to that avocado? I got to play that today. I love that.
You know, five six seven oh five sixty pounds. It's raining cats and dogs. That kind of explains
and that's another one of those goddamn days. Jesus Christ, are we getting tired of this or what?
Oh, man. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You picked that wind bag at a
major afloat for nothing.
Another one. The guy with the eyes.
For not being intolerant. Are you wrong? I am intolerant of guys like Asgel. Like you.
Him and Barry, his boyfriend.
But you know something. It's a bit because no, any day, any day of my life that I decide to come
in here, even after I'm working, if I come back for a visit, sit down. They'll be there.
Oh, Neil's coming over here. We're listening. So you can give me a song of dance like I said before.
They could put Jesus Moses, the Dalai Lama and Phil Henry and Howard and any other 20 people they
want and they could bring back Greg and the Pete Bolger to invoices and these people will all still
be listening, especially them, the no lives.
Thank God for you. You ought to be kissing my feet. Okay. I'm the only thing that gives some of
you any meaning in your life, especially in this God-den-bashed of death and his wilderness.
Thank God for...
Oh, God! This is 560, QAM.
Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours.
Oh, been.
I liked it.
Things about me, I don't think you know
I'm on my way
And I'm here, you should be here
And me, cause you could go to jail and have to see with me
If I'm free, you and your friends are me
She was 25 but she's just a team
Perfectly, I've been my last
I've waited for you, daddy called me cos I'm not
All right
My best off perfectly, because I've had such a big
No, I'm not gonna switch by me
My best offing right now
Oh, my show
What, what, what, what, don't
She's a rich, she'll pay
25, she should be scared of death
Yeah, the mental
Those band leaders are kind of fine
What, what, what, what, she's not in my
25, I'm actually a 25 but she's just
How young is she?
How young?
It's 103 at 560, WQA and 560, 7.0, 560, 0.560
On the 18T wireless line, Brittany was on
Did anybody see that?
No, I've seen it
Looking pretty good, Brittany, whether they're real or not
Looking pretty good
Not as lovely as Jeff from 98 degrees
And of course Nick, who can really sing
Even though he is ugly
A boy he can sing, he can bring it
Let's do a Miami, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Do you think you'll ever be as red hot as how it's done?
Is red hot?
Yeah, what do you call it?
How do you like that?
He couldn't even like get the words in the right order
560, 560, 0.560, on the 18T wireless line
No, I'll never have Howard's hair, that's for God damn sure
I'll never have his money or his hair
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hi Dale
Yes sir
Can't hear you
Can't hear me?
No I can hear you
Okay, sorry about that
A little bit
Listen, didn't you have trouble with your little dogs
That anal sphincter thing?
No
Anal express?
What?
That was just a guy
Crazy lady, that was the scooting lady
Oh, I thought you had a problem with a little doxin
Yeah
It just caused me to be good
Oh yeah, well it's lunch time, we're eating lunch
We don't want to hear about your dog
Correcto
I mean the middle of lunch
It just caused me 400 blocks down
Have his anal sphincter express?
How do you pay for it with Visa?
Yeah, I charge today
Okay, well good luck pal, don't do it again
Right, in the middle of my lunch, and this guy wants to talk about his dog's ass
Oh God
Well I tell you one thing, we got the best conversationalist in this town
The guy with the eyes, by the way, is the guy that I dumped before the last break
Which I really shouldn't have dumped it, I should let it go on a year
But just hearing that voice, just knowing who it was immediately makes me die for that yellow button
Yeah, you should be
Oh, you're an asshole for being a...
Well, for not being intolerant
The guy, he not only are you pathetic and you look like crap, but you're illiterate to top it all off
He wants to thank me for not being intolerant
For my loyal listeners like him and Barry
His boyfriend, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Barry, I'm gonna tell you one thing right now, you know when the beginning of the end for talk radio wasn't this town?
And I was just telling George Dune, and I'm not exaggerating, I'm telling you right now
I'll give you a little clue who the beginning of the end was for talk radio
I am that him, right?
That's right
When Gary Bruce puts your rentals on here, not once but twice on Iowa Day on a weekend
That was the kiss of death, that's when the phones started going dead
That's when he started bringing all these misfits in and putting them on the air and catering and suck it up to them
It reminds me way, way, way back in the days when I was doing nights at INZ
And they brought a guy named John McHugh and put him on a weekend, who's now dead by the way
They brought him over from Fort Myers, anybody over there remember John McHugh?
No
He's dead
He used to sleep in the trunk of his car
Now he used to sleep in the back of the car, I think he had his wife in the trunk, is the way it worked out
And the trunk was shut tight
And this guy, with the same thing
Oh, it's the computer, hacker is in the computer, chronic
And he made the whole show catered to all the people that we were trying to get rid of
The rest of the week, we were trying to get rid of these people and this guy would cater to them
And do a whole show to them
But you know the good part?
He's dead
He's dead, John McHugh is dead
Let's hear it
Oh, oh, oh, oh
God, talk about a pain in the ass
I am that him right, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, I tell you one thing, though I do want to apologize to my good friend Andy from Hollywood, he's my favorite
He's a sweetheart
He could be, seriously, he makes the guy with the eyes seem adorable
That's how revolting Andy from Hollywood is
He makes the guy with the eyes seem like Brad Pitt
Like Ray Whitney
Here's a lady in Coral Springs, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes, man
The other day you were broadcasting, sounded like from Canada, you know, a story about the Canadian and the hockey players
And thinking we're talking about the abuse, well, in today's new time
Oh, and by the way, Goddamn it, Oprah Winfrey today, which I hate that bitch
But a 4 o'clock on channel 4, that's her show is about the athletes, young athletes being sexually abused and et cetera, and by their, et cetera
Well, you'll like this, listen to this little piece of an article
After the Canadian snowbirds flew north for the summer, the daily scaled back their Canadian coverage, Canada coverage
And even when they were publishing dispatches on Canadian hockey and politics, the papers failed to pick up on an intriguing story with an actual connection to South Florida
It seems that over the past 30 years, at least it doesn't meant from the Ontario border town of Cornwall, we're bringing young boys down to 4 Lutterdale for all expenses paid weekends of sea and sun and pedophilia
See this here? Oh, right!
The enormity of the scandal first became apparent three years ago when a man and a group who had first been a victim and then a victimizer came forward
The man who had since gone into hiding told police about the activities as many of the most prominent men in Cornwall among them priests, lawyers and police officers
What's the name of that town, Cornwall?
Corn, a special investigation depth project truth was launched
The sexual abuse that began in Cornwall is alleged to have continued in rooms rented in downtown hotels near the beach and Fort Lutterdale
Oh my God!
And many of the names of the men charged allegedly appear on old motel registers
Oh my God! Oh my God! Isn't that something that's in the shirt?
How do you like that?
Just thought you might be interested
Thanks for the good news!
Bye-bye!
How the right-to-late is incident, thank you! How do you like that?
More priests fondling young boys
That's it! Just keep shopping your kids back to church and keep putting the money into place and subsidizing this corrupt goddamn thing
Just keep doing it!
And you will
Even though you know what it is but because you've been so brainwashed and you can't open up your eyes and see like it snipped the fresh air
And go out there and stand in the rain and like bathe your cleanse yourselves
God!
Just goes on and on and on! Oh what's up? I'm so glad you called! I almost forgot about my thing with a Pope here
Here it is, on page 2 A, speaking of Canadian
Pope gets his own rose-colored glasses
And here's a picture of the Pope who doesn't look a day over 400 by the way
And there is Bono from you two
Oh, whoa! God! It despise you two
You two singer Bono, Quincy Jones and Bob Gelboff joined Pope John Paul II and on Thursday
in Castellgondolpo, Italy to support his call for canceling the debts of the world's poorest countries for the new millennium
The three met with the Pope for 20 minutes at his residence outside Rome
He welcomed them as delegates of the group known as Jubilee 2000 which is seeking the cancellation of the debts as a fitting gesture to mark the millennium
You're a great showman as well as a great holy man, a tyla's Bono told the Pope before slipping off his pink-tinted glasses and handing them to the pot of as a souvenir
I think the Pope liked the pink by the way
He said lovely
How do you like that? They're trying to cancel the debts of the world's poorest countries
Of course they are because they're responsible for it with all the overpopulation
With making all these goddamn babies that they can't feed
So if you cancel the debts now, oh yeah, now start making a whole bunch of babies again
Because now we're not in debt so we can start from scratch again
It's like if somebody races the debt and all your credit cards
And now you go to town and you'll be out shopping all weekend
Start from scratch and build it up again
Crazy people, that's what it is
See in the world through goddamn puse-colored glasses
The Pope's Pope's Pope's Pope!
Amen
He's puffing on something, I'll guarantee you that probably as we speak
Ten minutes after one at 560 WQAM
Can beat that gator meat
Listen to this sound of John John falling in flames
All arguing into the peace
You think of us humiliating there like JFK
Good, a sport of better flame
Yes
It's JFK at 4th time flying
We will upload a hyper-fussed cheap and crappy plate that's closed
A gun they definitely has about the only way to get through
Now, head to the clothing one that lives the lives of the day
From what they call the Kennedy curse
If Dorothy killed Galleon from the lives she'd say
Here up its only gonna get worse
And this is the sound of John John falling in flames
But it's flat and flat and flat
We're gonna take away this sound of John John John
It's gonna take away this person who doesn't want to be 15
I've already won 155 WQAM
So we get another fact from Gesu by the way
See as long as I keep mentioning him he'll never go away
So it's kind of like a catch-22
Here's my good close best personal friend JP
Hello
Yeah
How you doing?
How you doing, yeah?
Great
I just wanted to call him
Same without you though
Yeah, I bet
I just wanted to see how everybody was doing just calling him in
Not the same without you sweetheart
How was your vacation?
Great
Where'd you go?
Went to Amsterdam
Yeah
I had a good fun out there
So how's Gainesville, huh?
Gainesville is a Gainesville, there's not many ways to explain it
Lots of in-breds, lots of crazy-gate fans
So you're getting a lot of action up there or what?
No comment
People could be listening, they'd know me
Come on
They want to know
I'm a good boy
Okay, you're getting a lot of action good
Now whatever happened to you and your young lady friend, did you?
I was still a makeup
We're still really good friends
Good friends
Yeah, but no longer an item
Not really
Well
Well there's a lot of fish in the C.J.P. I'll tell you that
Yeah, yeah
Let's go up here
But yeah, we still talk
I'm coming in town this weekend to do my cousin's wedding
And she's coming with me
Well, I wouldn't be a first, I guess, huh?
But anyway
Yeah
So how's that going on, I'm doing
Everybody's doing great, man
It's the same place, but like I said, not quite
There's just an element lacking here, you know
We've got a lot of ugly people working around here
How's Jeff Cohen the most non-proverted person?
Jeff Cohen is still ugly as ever, yeah
Well, listen, it's great here
From your company at home sometime
When you get real bored
I shall
Okay, take care
See you
There's the lovely J.P. who is incredibly boring on the phone
Five-six, what?
Oh, he's a great guy and he looks great
But he's though, and what have I always told you about that?
Okay, people that sound really good on the phone
They look like a crap
And people that sound really dull on the phone
They're the ones that look really, really
I mean, really good
Five-six-seven-oh-five-six-tea-pound-five-six-tea-on-a-at-n-t-watt-as-line-and-e from Hollywood
Says, you are the guy who called an apology
I didn't call, I promised it wasn't me
Thanks for thinking about me
Andy, he says
Isn't it great to have him back?
I won't have to be great when Phil starts on Monday October 4th
So he'll be over there at 940 on the AM Dial Listening to the Phil Henry Show
And talk it in Margaret and all those wonderful people, characters, Bob Green
Five-six-seven-oh-five-six-tea-pound-five-six-tea-on-a-at-n-t-watt-as-line
Here's the deer field, hello
Yeah, I just didn't need it, how you doing?
Okay, sir
Nice to caught me off guard there
I know
You were talking about the year of the Pope, maybe pussing on something
Yeah
I think he's probably pussing on an altar boy
That's what I meant
Yeah, I know
That was the idea
I know, hey there was a collar last week
Or maybe one of the Swiss guard, yes?
There was a collar last week that called in and he said that he could just got a ticket
And there was too many polices
Mm-hmm
You remember that?
Yeah
Well, it just reminded me of my favorite song
Every breath you take by the polices
Yeah
That's one of my favorites
Okay, listen, there's this great new station on the dial 17-hundreds
I think you're just exactly what they're looking from between 8 and 10 PM
Or 6 or was it 6 and 8?
4 and 6?
Whatever, sometime in the afternoon, they're the buries very upset with their lineup
He's very frustrated because they got a bunch of crap on there
And very basically, it's saying, can't you guys do better than this crap?
You're making me look bad
They're laughing at laughing
That's a buries saying
So I would definitely get this guy over there, you know
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
There's nothing, nothing worse than people try to be funny
Who are like this last guy
Here's Hollywood, hello
Hey, Nail
Yes, sir
Do you see that story about the, I think it was 7 or 8 years old
The kid that got hit by the county bus last night or yesterday morning?
That hit by the bus, yeah
By the bus driver, by the bus driver, there keeps running into things, yeah
Right, right, right, you see that, I mean, the kid, I mean, they broke the story
Whatever time it was, noon or well, actually in the morning
By noon yesterday, the family already said we've got an attorney
We've hired an attorney
I mean, didn't even think about, you know, let's, you know, have a funeral, let's do a thing
I don't know how they didn't think about it, what happened?
I mean, they made the statement that, you know, the, the, one of the family members said, you know, when they interviewed her, well, we've already retained a lawyer
You know, the father didn't come and say, well, you know, maybe I'm partially a fault because I left my young child in the dark waiting for a county bus to go to school
Which normally I never do, but I forgot something today
You know, it's just the whole world, no one's accountable for themselves
They're always looking to, you know, I mean, granite the lady has run into two other, you know, two poles or whatever
They're running into stuff, you have a couple of holes and now a black hole
No, she does, you know, and she, and maybe she's, you know, partially a fault
I heard she run to her frogs in her spare time as well, I hear
But you know, she's probably far too far too
But you know, what about the parents? Everybody wants to sue everybody
I mean, this is nothing we don't already know
You're known to understand
That's the American f***ing way
You should get it
I know, I know
A lot of lawyers out there got to make a lot of cash, man
It's just that, it's just sad that, you know, within a couple of hours after it happened, they've already, you know, made that statement as a family
You know, I mean, they, you know, I don't know, it's just sad that you're trading
You're taking a sound bite from television and now you're, you know, you're characterizing a whole family
based on what you see taken out of context
You don't know what the hell the story is
Right
Okay, okay
How do you get that?
And back to you
In addition to which, I've ever seen some of these people that drive the school buses, I'm going to tell you something
I mean, I thought that antiminal was dead and buried, you know
I see some of these people driving school buses
It's a miracle they can get in the seat behind the wheel
They make out goals, they look like Rumpel Stiltskin
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I got to was depressing here and from, not depressing here and from JP
Because we all love him, of course, I sure do
But just on the phone, he just don't cut it, you know
We cut the phone
You follow what I'm saying?
And not seriously, it's just he's not a phone guy
He's not a verbal guy
Right
Of course, you're not supposed to prop the word
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes sir
Hey, how you doing?
Great
Like your preference to conversation by saying first of all that the fan blows
And I'd like to add in a little addition to your list of high possibility homosexuals
All directors
Okay, great, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
What do people do that?
What do they think they're going to let them out people by name on the year?
And I'm going to let it go
I mean, are you some kind of a moron, sir?
Some kind of a jet cast?
I'm here, some kind of an imbecile?
See there, I go again, just like Barry Jacket said
See, we're supposed to be nice to all the coars
We're just supposed to let them say whatever they want
Oh yes, thank you, yes sir, yes sir, yes ma'am
That would be real exciting radio, Barry
That's your idea, and of course you wouldn't know what God damn radio, Barry
If they stuck it in your echo, okay?
Just like Tom Jickel, we don't have any, but I wonder how long it'll be before Tom Jickel gets to fill Henry's story
Now that Tom is out of writing about the radio, he's out of that business
56670560, count 560 on the AT&T wireless live
Here's Hollywood, hello
Hey, knew how you doing, okay sir?
I got a full plate, so I'll make up for these other callers
Please
First of all, any from Hollywood, I live on Hollywood Beach
I'm embarrassed that you're a Hollywood resident
Get the hell out
Take good French Canadians and get the hell out of here
Stick one and eat sea, correct them
Exactly, and second of all, crispy cream
I got a great show about crispy cream, I thought like you was a local franchise
I should live in North Miami myself
I went to Memphis, Tennessee to see the king, sorry Neil
And down the street from Memphis, believe it or not, and all the schwarz error that it was
The only solace I had was a big blue wiggly and across the street was, crispy cream
That's why Elvis loved that area probably
Probably, I would think so
That's why I got so fed, that is the greatest place in the world
It is, I love it
I wish I was your weight about 80 pounds right now, I could get up to 150 by 2 o'clock
Exactly, I used to eat that stuff before the Atkins, thanks to you I lost 40 pounds
Really?
Yes, I've lost a lot of weight
Great, I'm down to 30 weights now
Alright
Can I call people to schwarz?
I'll tell you by the end of the year I look about just like Brad Pitt after I lose all this weight
Go ahead
I look about the older Brad Pitt
There you go, and you get JP there
Mike at Tyler Festers, you reduce back and store you one
Okay, thank you Neil
See you
See you at Crispy Cream, baby
Oh, I just opened up the map just leaving through my newsweek and I see that picture and right away
Oh, look at that
And there's even a picture of one of their donuts, one of those glazed donuts
I had a kind of a glazed look in my eye
Because I saw that, Bill Clinton loves them
So I'd buy up all that stock if I were you okay?
I just plunged my lungs out
By the way, speaking of that, can I take a look?
I haven't been watching it at all for a long time until I go home and then I get real depressed
Can I just say, oh, there was a scroll Griffith again, how you doing, scroll?
That's my girlfriend
Not too bad so far, but it usually doesn't happen until about three in the afternoon
When some asshole from one of the corporations opened up his mouth and says, oh yeah, all these tech stocks are highly overvalued including ours
And we can't figure out why it's going to drop it like a rock now after I open up my big mouth
Do you see that yesterday? The asshole from Microsoft?
Where is that?
Oh, I got it. It opens up a big goddamn mouth and all of a sudden all of the stocks ate
No, not Bill Gates, it was some other, maybe it wasn't Microsoft, it was from one of those
One of those marginal one moment, please
Yeah, Microsoft, it was one of the ass, so it wasn't him, it was some schmuck, ballmer
Yeah, it dropped almost five bucks after you open up his mouth and the market went into a dive into a free fall
And then you know something, those of us who got all this money invested in a stock market, which is supposed to be, you know, for intellectuals, people who really want to make smart investments
It goes to show you when at the maniac Alan Greenspan talked about what was the term about the excessive exuberance of something like that last year
All of a sudden there goes everybody's money in the toilet. This guy from Microsoft and nobody ever heard of
Yesterday he opened up his mouth and there's 200 points in the toilet
Because somebody just makes a comment, a stupid comment because they're not thinking before they open up their mouth and speak
26, oh look at that, now it's down 28, now it's down 24, it's only 130, we got a long way to go, we can get triple digits, no problem again today
Oh god deal
Oh
Oh
Day
I'll be just spend some 12 year old girls to see for as cute as me
Yeah, as they get older they all figure out where hiding our latency
One thing is for sure
Be gay
Man enjoy
Was I close or was the delicate side
Don't want to do a bug
I say we're not gay
I say we're not gay
Oh my god, just when you think you heard the worst possible thing in the history of the human god damn race
When I tell you this and you know something this is the last straw for this kid
This is not what did I tell him when I when they started with his craft when
Run up this garbage trying to bring his buddy in with him again
Oh, man
I said if that's the case I want nothing to do with us
I will I will I remember when we had the first meeting with your close personal friend the dearly departed one
Crazy Kurosato and screw in and screw off
Oh yeah we can get old data I said no if that's the case I'm not going to promote it I don't want nothing to do with it
I bet you said or one doesn't want anything to do with it
Okay, okay
We just had a spy report guess who's at that celebrity golf tournament. Oh man
It's confirmed another another spy report confirming it
Playing at this murdering son of a bitch. Oh man
Is it our golf tournament? I'm gonna tell you I'm just I'm so psychotic I could spit blood on his god damn horseball equipment we got here right now
He's one of the celebrities playing in the tournament when we said specifically we won't have anything to do with this thing if he's invited
This is so freaking unacceptable. I'm just I'm just spellbound. I'm speechless that even a place with no conscience like this joy
Because like I told you a million times it's not a radio station. It's not a real business. It's a goddamn fraternity
You got Greg and his buddies Greg and screw in and Sam and the nephew and what's his name?
Roll kind of rubbed off on him too I guess and that's it and they did it's a little play toy for these people and basically they lie and they do whatever they want
And here's our program director like how what's this and nobody's told him I know I know that we're not blaming you for it don't get defensive
I'm sure you had because I like that. So you're not part of the club if I would have had any idea I would have never read one promo
I would have never got I would have called my friends in center one and said whatever you do make sure that you have nothing to do with this because we don't want to be associated with that murdering son of a bitch
Just because we got a bunch of people in this radio station who got some kind of a fetish some kind of an obsession with this little tick
Once again wq and comes up looking like crap looking like a bunch of dummies
God then it's just it's unconscionable like they really needed that right they only had a couple of fortunes left and whatever they had all this long list of names and by the way you'll notice in the promos that they gave us there were all these other names that I read
Was OJ's name ever on that list? No of course not because it was supposed to be a big dark secret
Oh, you don't forget George and OJ will be appearing at the prime co-storied together tomorrow from noon to two. Oh, OJ can't make it. Oh, what a shame.
There'll be in the awkward plaza at the prime co from noon to two and Hollywood tomorrow just east of us sterling or sure not fine on the five and we'll have the QAM wheel to spin.
In fact, maybe we'll have OJ nailed to their wheel and you can spin him a little bit. That would get a big turn out.
Oh, I'm going to, you know, I just when you get to the point where you think nothing that you could hear about this place whatever shock you, amazing disappoint you, degrade you all of a sudden this.
This is the lowest moment I would say even back in the days when Joey Reynolds was here and they old points they had minus ratings on his station under the previous owners.
This is the lowest moment in the history of WQA and right now. So are you sure you don't want to talk to OJ? Who is that?
Guess Sam. Yes.
He's listening. He's loving it. I sure you don't want to talk to him.
To OJ. This isn't the joke. Right. And we don't want to talk to OJ. We don't want anything to do with OJ. This isn't the joke. This is a radio station. This is a business which Sam you would know nothing about.
This is what happens when you turn a multi billion dollar business over to a bunch of children. They take it and they use it as their own play toy. How many times have I said that on here? How many tirades have I gone through?
And told it exactly the way it is here. I have never in my life in a history of my existence. I have never even imagined much less scene the kinds of things that go on here.
In addition to which I would appreciate if you would tell him to stop calling you on that line unless we got real business to do. It's not a play toy for Sam. That's also given the phone to other people out there and giving the inside line here to play games with us today. He said he didn't do that. Yeah. Sure.
Totally out of control. This place has spawned out of control.
What did I tell you? They don't like prosperity. Got all that billing coming in here even though we have to give it all to John Henry and Wayne but we got all that money rolling in here. All those big numbers for the time being anyway.
Till they all move over to 1700.
See, I don't take it as a joke. I don't talk to murderers. The people who were found guilty in the civil trial who were found responsible for the murder of two innocent people. I don't talk to those people.
I don't have any desperate need in my life. I don't feel so. And of course there we were with Sam again who's always the how many times have I said this and appendage. If he can just being near if he can be around anybody famous or infamous it makes no difference. Then it makes him feel like he has an identity like he's a real human being which he's not.
21 before 2 at 560 WQM.
Oh day when I was going to get her.
Oh day when I was going to kill her.
Oh day when I was going to get her.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
Oh day.
