Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
We're going to talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for David Brown or Count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Don't take any bulls**t on them.
That's Neil Rogers' like it was got to donate to the quiz in his side.
Smoke of good souls and ride around in his head.
He got a radio show.
He's just on the chair.
Are you happy anniversary to Neil?
The only thing in this town that's real.
You turn.
He fall into a mile from round just to hear that famous farting sound.
Turn around the edge of the inside.
Take the Braddock and stand with the light.
Take the fun of the marital bandage.
Oh right.
Neil Rogers, you're the best.
Well, Jerry.
You really put Miami to the cat.
Neil Rogers always doesn't know who they are.
Neil Rogers turns blind.
Tosses you a bit.
Neil Rogers, the only thing we'll miss when I go.
I went away for a weekend to start a town fart at blow.
Happy anniversary Neil.
I love this show.
Okay.
That was 2550 WQ.
I'm happy Monday boy.
This overhead is real funky today, man.
Real strange.
It's either like too low or don't mess with it.
Don't mess with it.
How George do last week?
You okay?
Yes.
Great.
No.
Okay.
Pretty good?
Yes.
Well, yes.
Sensational?
No.
Okay.
I got a fact.
Well, this is the, you know something I've come in here this morning?
And I didn't even realize it's March 1st.
It's happy anniversary.
Neil 23 years on the year in this town.
How do you like that?
Are you concerned about that?
No.
Do I have a card?
Yes.
You come George.
I have one card.
That goes to show you 23 years on the year in this town.
I've got one card.
Happy anniversary.
George.
What does that tell you?
23 F in years.
Even if I was on here like with 0.1 shares.
Even if I was on here like a little bit of the 23 years.
I'm faking my way through.
And I get a card from George.
Not that I don't appreciate the card,
even though I just ripped it up.
I'm not being on cards, you know.
Because I mean, what do you do with a card?
You look at it.
Yeah.
That's nice.
And then you rip it up and throw it away.
It's basically like I just did.
So anyway, I come back in the first thing that greets me.
Well, I get in the car this morning.
Of course, I hear it.
I hear that sound.
That raspy sound.
And I thought, oh, no.
Now I know I'm back.
Now I know I'm here.
I heard the raspy sound of the goldster on my radio this morning.
And I immediately popped in some music.
And I said, all right.
Here we go.
Feel like I'm back in Europe now.
Come in here.
And the very first thing that I see in here on this counter
in front of the board is the facts that George was kind enough to say.
Thank God for this.
And this is appropriate because 23 years on the year in this town,
one thing about Miami, unlike the hallmark people who care enough to send their very best,
Miami always cares enough to send their very worst.
Kind of like the sausage man, they always send the worst,
whether you want it or not.
They've always got a complaint.
And just what we needed was another no-life misfit.
Who doesn't have the balls, by the way, to sign his name or its name,
or whatever it is, just J-E in Pompano Beach.
Probably short for J-E or K, but nevertheless, J-E.
Great facts.
Dear WQAM.
Now first of all, you understand this, dear WQAM,
that's like writing to dear Uncle Sam, huh?
In other words, like WQAM is like a person, a thing.
I'm trying to understand what the deal is with your radio station.
Now just relocated to this area, you are currently a sports station when Hank is not talking about how he cut in line at some fabulously overpriced restaurants.
And basically, while waiting for us that same night.
And of course, when Neil Rogers spelled with a D,
is not talking about how the fans of the media in this town know nothing about hockey,
that is to say what he's not talking about to Pope, the media, the Republican Party,
or performing Felatio on a South American male with a foreskin.
Oh, Viery, insightful and entertaining.
The Shock Value is minuscule, it is a lame act.
Shock Value.
Is this supposed to be shocking?
No.
No, it's four hours of entertainment whether you like it or not.
Shock Value.
As in blow it out your ass, whole.
As I might imagine, you go over the money lead.
What a concept.
But perhaps you might not lead us so much in thinking that you are a sports day.
First of all, is this a sports station?
No.
20 hours a day at this sports station.
I'm going to tell you right now.
I haven't been away from here for 10 days.
There is nothing in there.
I'd rather hear somebody go and do something like that for 20 hours a day than hearing people talk about sports.
If there's been a more terminal and I don't care what the power is that be think about this,
it's just a fact.
It's a group circle jerk for a bunch of no life overgrown adolescents who refuse to grow up.
If there's a more boring format than all sports radio in America, I haven't heard it yet.
So thank God for this show of giving people a four hour break so they're thinking like, you know,
build their constitution back up, do you hear more about what the points for it is on Villanova Vassar tonight.
On a Hofstra temple game.
On the temple Yashiva game.
But anyway, GE goes on to say,
here's an idea.
One that actually involves sports radio, the Jim Roam show.
I'm willing to bet you can make money and still keep your moniker.
I thought we were done with her until Barbara Walters comes on with that crap and the books coming out Thursday.
You might want to check the references across the country for this indicated program.
Here this guy who moved here from I'm pretty sure I know where because we'll get to that in a second.
He's such an expert.
He's telling us who Jim Roam is, okay?
Maybe you'll even tell us who Dr. Laura is, who Howard Stern is, who all the other syndicated people from around the country are.
Time don't like us.
Think about it.
Jim Roam, noon to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Tank can have a couple extra hours sleeping off whatever fair he died just at the night before.
Needle can find a platform.
I suggest a soap box in the port authority of New York, New Jersey.
Is that a good idea where J.E. might be from?
That actually suits his whiny act instead of demanding the listeners do.
By the way, Neil, when I was to listen to real issues, I'll dial up NPR.
Please, here's the best part.
Please curtail the Dreck you currently offer.
Concerned J.E. in Pompadal Beach.
He's concerned.
J.E., who, like I said, hasn't got the ball.
Even it sounded like a first name.
Much less the whole name is trying to say, I have no life.
But just doesn't know how to get right to it.
So we go through this convoluted way of all around the Mulberry bushes saying, I have no life.
And obviously there's not another misfit.
Just what we need another loser from New York.
Maybe this guy's like from Anglewood, New Jersey.
Because they probably wouldn't let him across the goddamn bridge.
Maybe he's waiting to meet William Holden at the foot of the George Washington Bridge.
What a jackass.
And is it interesting, by the way?
Another one of these guys, and you know he's listening right now, whoever it might be,
can quote, chapter in verse as much as he is repelled and as grotesquited.
And here's the Suda Winelocks who let here's all these important issues discussed on National Public Radio.
But listen to the Jim Rome show.
What does that tell you?
Week, I mean, can tribe controversy the most anxious, the most pathetic.
Assuming that we were, that anybody with a brain wants to hear about sports 24 hours a day.
Do they want to hear the Steve Cain of Sports Talk Radio?
No.
Jim Rome, who, the, oh my god, look at that uniform.
It's dirty.
Don't you, I like it.
Lawn in the uniforms before you come out here on the field.
No.
And he'd like to make a four hour show out of that.
Garbage.
But nevertheless, thanks for your programming tips, J.E. and Pompato Beach.
And we're delighted that you're listening.
He knows everything chapter in verse just like all the other Rene Sayers.
Every goddamn thing that I talk about on this, on this show.
Because he can't turn it off.
But hey, maybe we can get the Jim Rome show like from two to three in the morning instead of that scratchy voice.
What's that, the Ferrell on the radio?
Oh, God.
And there's another example of the sports nerds.
You could put a, you could put a goddamn monkey squealing on.
If you could somehow spit out the goddamn odds in the sports course.
And these same nerds would be listening to it.
Terminal.
Colma inducing.
So by the way, Niels, you have a good time at Amsterdam.
Yes.
The weather.
Terrible.
Food.
As usual, awful.
Great time.
Yes.
How do you like that?
Now, if you come here and the weather is awful and it's raining on stop.
And you have lousy meals.
Is there, is there a possible way you're going to have a good time here?
No.
But an Amsterdam, it's like going to Vegas.
It can be pouring in Vegas.
I mean, there are those periods of time when I had like those flash floods, you know.
And the weather is really crappy or really bitter cold in the middle of January.
And you still have a great time.
One thing about here, even when the weather is great, I don't want to say it.
I'm going to say after 10 at 5, 60 WQM.
But your is great to be back, baby.
23 years today on the year in Miami, man.
I will never make it past the first couple of months.
Or is our concerned Christian coalition lady, by the way?
Since it's March 1st and she was telling me that on January 1st of this two months ago,
I'd be off here.
Where's that bitch?
Okay.
I said, come on.
Say for the memory of your days that I am seen.
See a foreign KAT.
And the label.
And now you work for Cox and Cox's children up for me.
No.
Yes, thank you.
A gold medal.
Say for the number one.
Show your Reynolds, Randy Crowe.
Here he grew up to like a show.
And every other king in the ass that fed through I'll be gold.
Oh, yes, thank you.
A gold medal.
One thing here is a safety business.
And you have a change of it.
Even though you have to pay their s**t.
From P to G.M.
They're all like Vicky M.
Yes, they are all on the verge of hockey as a bird.
And yes, those folks heard you heard now that we think of it.
Your channel and as we work, I f**k you.
And gold.
1015 to 560 WQM.
Man, I tell you one thing.
You come back to Miami to see the big headlines here in the front of the lifestyle, the living sections.
Neo Rodgers, 23 years on your anniversary.
Did you see that?
No.
No, it's up there.
Just like the money we raised for a center one.
And you see it's only the first of March.
Anything getting ridden about that?
No.
Pulled you.
And I don't mention it because I expected to be written.
I just mentioned it to point out the fact that it is not because no matter what you try to do in this town,
if you're not one of the inside sucklings, they don't give a crap.
Right, buddy?
Nevin's ain't that right.
Yes, hold.
So here's the facts from Bill, happy anniversary, et cetera.
It's just thanks for 23 years.
There you go.
You're going well.
And here's the fact that says George amazes me when he fills in for you.
He shows our intelligent, funny and entertaining.
George is more to say in one of the four-hour periods than Scoot, Steve Kane, Greg, Mike Church, Karen Kay,
Passion Phone Bitch, Joey Reynolds, John Ford, Rick Riley, and Alice Rantell all combined.
How do you like that?
It says.
He should have his own show after he was the fact that he hasn't been hired as a talk show host
and crap like Brooke Daniels and Steve Kane keep coming back and back and back and back.
It's proof that this radio business is a joke.
Signed Dave.
Well, Dave.
Absolutely correct.
Are you right?
But it's a crap business.
Wait till I get to that talkers magazine thing.
So some really heavy duty news while I was gone, number one being, of course, the Gene Siskel die.
Now, you know, we've had a lot of people die and last this since I've been on QAM.
In fact, some of the people on the ear here, I think, are right in that.
Well, anyway.
But, you know, they're coming to go.
That's life like I keep trying to tell you.
Oh, and by the way, don't buy the farewell to God book.
What are you looking at me like that?
No, you're by Charles Templeton.
You want to know why?
You don't need a book.
I was thinking about this while I was on vacation.
Why, what does anybody need a book to this prove this bull crap?
Anybody that would believe these silly fairy tales and life after death and the spirit and the angels
and all of this other stuff, man, you've got to immediately seek out a shrink.
But anyway, so Gene Siskel dies.
And the fur, I know this is a bad thing to say.
But the first thing that comes to my mind, because I know he had the brain tumor in the operation, and I said,
I just got through reading an article a couple of weeks ago about he thought he may have come back a little bit too soon.
He wasn't doing that great, but he was going to be okay.
All of a sudden, he's dead.
53 years old, dead.
Somebody I liked.
I enjoyed Gene Siskel.
He knew movies.
He wasn't an ass kisser.
If he liked the movie, he would tell you.
If he hated it, he would tell you.
And so my first reaction is, how come it couldn't be the fat one?
No, seriously, my very first reaction was, I mean, I don't want anybody to die some horrible death.
But if it has to be one of the two, how about Roger Ebert?
That damn fact that I can't stand up.
Yeah.
Fat annoying.
He's extraordinarily annoying.
He just gets on my nerves just to see him makes me, yeah.
Cringe.
So Gene Siskel's dead.
God damn it.
But I didn't know the Lord works there.
Yeah, right.
There they go with that crap again.
Thank God that I was away for like 10 days from any of that.
Didn't hear any of that, bull crap.
Didn't see any of it.
Didn't encounter any people that like are involved with any of that.
And I thought to myself, yeah, I must be in a real place.
Then I came back to America.
Then I read the international hero tribune a few days ago about the grease man.
I guess George talked about this last week.
George talking to response.
What?
No response.
No response.
I read excerpts from the article in the paper.
Nobody called about it.
Not one.
Not one call about the grease man getting fired in DC.
Because he made another one of his tasteless comments.
See, I personally, I know, I know that I'm one of those guys.
I could have said the same thing.
There's some of the remarks he's made over the years that I would not have said.
Because you have to know where the line is.
They have to some kind of a line where you draw a little bit of a line.
But he played one of these so called hip hop records.
And by the way, what the hell is hip hop?
You know, rap music.
That wasn't good enough.
And of course, they left a lot of people started putting the sea in front of the rap and showing it for what it is, which it really is crap.
And so now all of a sudden it's hip hop.
But anyway, he played some hip hop record by some black recording artist by some bitch.
And when he got done playing a record, which he obviously hated like poison, he says, now you know why they dragged them from the back of pickup trucks.
And now what am I close?
Yeah, I think the articles in the pile of papers back there still.
Yeah.
So yeah, now you know why they dragged them behind pickup trucks.
Right, which is a very crude and tasteless remark.
But should you have gotten fired for saying that?
No.
Because obviously, number one, it's taken out of context.
And number two, you know where this guy is coming from.
He's irreverent.
Right?
No, I think he's the racist.
Well, what's the difference?
So seriously, I mean, the problem being that he's in Washington, okay?
There's too many, there's too many sparsers in Washington to go on a year and say something like that.
You don't come to the nation's capital, Greece, man.
No matter how many years you've been or doing very well and making millions of dollars, you don't come to nation's capital.
But all of the sparsers running around and make some kind of comment like that.
That would be like going on here and saying you're celebrating Martin Luther Cunday, something you just, you just don't do those things all he's done much worse.
But nevertheless, so he got canned, which I think was an act of total.
But that's America again.
So you can't really say what's on your mind, but I'm going to say today, anywhere with time I mind about something having to do with that and answer them, which I've told you before.
But now this time I noticed even more than ever before.
I don't know about you, but I'm not one of those people that's too crazy about having a lot of drug peddlers out on the streets who are like very blatant and flagrin.
They all happen to have one thing in common, but anyway, we'll get to that.
Here's a pompano. Hello.
The homemade Rogers, the stick to 23 years up and that's always happened.
Okay, thank you.
20 minutes and 47 seconds.
He waited for that a very, very poor.
He thinks he's going to get on the thing.
First of all, it's this overhead again.
So that's our fault, sir, but it was pretty weak.
You'll never make it.
He's hoping for another four years of posterity with that craft.
We have an open line of date, five six seven, five 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Happy anniversary, Neil.
Thank you.
tremendous outpouring of mail and emotion here today.
Was there?
No.
No, actually, in fact, Sam, the promotion man, Sam Dusberg came down here with Duff Lindsay with a big banner that they made up for me.
Happy anniversary, Neil and Sam says, well, how was your vacation? Did you miss us?
I said, yeah, I was thinking about you, Sam, but I still came back.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello.
Mobile and crawl springs.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
First thing I have two things.
First thing I wish you a very happy anniversary.
Thank you.
And the second thing is you probably know my name.
I don't want to give you my ad by my, my, my business, but I did work at your house once.
You did your house?
I did work at your house once.
Really?
Yeah, I purchased your coin.
You remember?
Yes.
George knows me too.
Right.
Right.
I will, for your anniversary, do anything you want for your birthday?
Yeah, you're right, Ty.
Okay.
Well, thanks a lot, my friend.
Okay.
And have a great day.
Bye.
So yeah.
Agriculture Department scientists say they have made a major stride toward developing an allergy free rubber.
Great.
How you doing, Henry?
Happy anniversary, Neil.
Thank you so much.
Here's the great Henry Burrow by the way who survived W.I.
Do you still do it at Make Police Show in the morning?
Absolutely.
Was Roger Magdalen?
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're still there.
Well, I don't understand.
Because I heard the day, the first day that Reniri went off.
Yes.
And you were, they were playing music and then you came on in kind of like a lost child.
Like, well, we don't know who's going to be here yet, but we'll let you know when they are.
Where Mike is going and you're still there.
Yes, I are.
So I guess they just don't know about it yet.
It's the show is owned by Henry Burrow Productions.
Really?
Yes.
So in other words, you kind of came in and when Reniri got put, I don't want to say you pushed him out because that would sound bad, you know?
Right.
Right.
Which I did not.
Oh, no, that's why I didn't want to say it because I know you're not going to kind of guy that would do that.
Oh, I know.
Unless, of course, it was for survival, which is the problem.
Well, survival was purchasing the time.
Right.
Well, I don't understand.
So in other words, you purchased the time?
That's right.
Well, I'm confused then because they must have given you a different deal and we're going to give him.
I don't know.
I, I, I, it's broken.
Procured radio and then.
But you understand what I'm saying because Reniri got off of there because they wanted to charge him some exorbitant amount as you know, which he was going to have to work like 80 hours a day and not make any money from it.
And then you're coming on there.
You must be doing something right.
You must have naked pictures.
I, I think a pretty exorbitant price.
Do you?
Sure.
And who's selling your show?
I am and my partner, Mark Benson.
Uh-huh.
Mark, were you partner Mark Benson?
Yes.
Not the Mark Benson.
Yes.
Not the Mark Benson formally of citizens of the United, Mr. Antibyling will history.
Not that Mark Benson.
Mark Benson.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, do we make a nod couple or what?
Yeah.
Strange.
By the way, I thought of you at Skippel Airport.
Yeah, that's, that's a good place by Cuban cigars, by the way.
It is.
What a great airport, too.
I love that airport.
No, I didn't think about you because you were the first one that I ever spoke to who knew how to pronounce an envelope right.
It's a great airport.
In fact, you could put the whole city of Miami in the Skippel Airport and still have room left over.
Yes, you could.
Is there still, as you head out the front entrance, is there still a BP station there?
Yes.
But, but inside, they've, I mean, you wouldn't even recognize it.
There's someone there.
Of course, they got all the birdings all over the place, but just the enormous numbers of shops that they'd say it's miraculous.
You know, the amazing thing I found there, too, is that you can get the latest English, English language novels.
Right.
Before they appear in the States, even.
Yes, sir.
It's a good place to be.
Now, you're not doing this kind of material on a morning's show, are you?
I'm waxing.
I'm doing whatever I want.
So you're playing like old piggy lean music and stuff like that?
No, no, I know.
What are you, what are you doing?
What can I, I maybe I'll even listen to moral.
Well, I do the news at the top and bottom of the hour.
You know, we discovered something untapped and I really would like to get your opinion on this.
Roger Magillin's my business editor.
Yeah.
Everybody considered Roger kind of a goof because of the personality he was given.
Roger's a former stockbroker.
He's a former stockbroker.
He's a former stockbroker.
Right.
And he's a day trader.
And he really spends a lot of time working on his business reports.
And I think they're good.
And consequently he's on it a quarter after and a quarter of each hour.
And we also have a sports guy who has just started with us named John Roberts.
I'm getting a little tired of that crap.
I can tell you right now.
Yeah.
And what's Renery doing?
And we have, I don't know.
And we have Sean Toner doing traffic.
We have a full service morning show.
Great. Well, I wish you all the best and you're okay in my book.
Thanks.
And you know, you know, your daughter doing by the way.
She's doing wonderfully.
She's now the assistant manager of the Beverly Hills restaurant complex.
I'll tell you if I were that persuasion, I would have wished her off and he looked with her years ago.
Or she's unbelievable.
She's a big fan of yours all doing ask me to tell you happy anniversary.
I said my wife's Andy.
Excellent.
But I would like to say one thing.
Briefly, yeah.
Because we were talking about you this morning on the show.
Really?
Yeah. Mark and I and explain to you the people who have never heard it.
If there's never been a better baseball play by play man in this town or probably any other town.
Yeah.
I think you were going to be a event.
Right.
A big fan of that too.
Well, I'm working on this talk here with them.
Well listen, I'll be listening tomorrow, Henry.
Okay, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
Take care of yourself.
Okay, so Henry's still a micronary show.
How do you like that?
Neil Rogers, right?
I used to have to use it.
It pissed me away.
I'd be busted.
Now I got to give all my houses away.
I'd be busted.
Yeah.
The United States can't make the whole thing a bomb.
They must have used it and I've put them aesthetically done.
It made my somebody's now.
I ain't got none on me.
Plus it.
No.
I won't get the fidget without any prejudice.
I'd be busted.
Just because I kicked on chicken is better.
I'd be busted.
I'd be slimy guilty and I'd be so pissed.
When I got out of bed I'd be in a sack with my son.
I'd be in a closet.
I'd be in a closet.
I'd be in a closet.
I'd be in a closet.
I'd be in a closet.
1032-552-2.
Let me ask you one thing.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Well, we got us a celebrity studded the cash call today.
Jennifer Ram.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you, Jennifer.
23 years.
I know.
It's pathetic.
Isn't it 23 years to still be here?
You deserve a medal.
Yes, I do.
I don't have one for you but I do have a little story for you.
Yeah.
I was heading home headed northbound I-95 near the Hallendale Beach Boulevard
eggs that yesterday after the last 30.
Oh, I'm pretty sure that.
Yeah.
And there was a guy in a Honda Civic dark in color, spanking the monkey.
Welcome to chicken.
He was choking it.
All right.
But I'm the corn.
Uh-huh.
And today we're doing a story about the dangers of road debris and what not on I-95.
Hitting your vehicle that's...
Oh, my, now I know where that slick spot was on the road yesterday coming home from the airport.
Exactly.
My question to you is how dangerous is it to do that while you're driving?
Yeah.
I guess it all depends on how many hands it takes to a handle a lot for.
Well, for that guy, he had a grip but he really needs to get alive.
That's great.
So happy anniversary.
How do you like Henry Burrows' call, by the way?
All right.
You know what?
I was out doing an interview.
He didn't hear it.
Was he sober?
Yeah.
He was, he said...
And then he said...
And I said, well, Henry, how's Henry doing?
He said...
He was great.
He's doing okay.
Something's never changed.
Nice to see all our old, you know, Rocky.
Yeah, him too.
Keeping our heads above water.
Well, happy anniversary.
Love you.
Thank you.
Take care.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Jennifer Ram.
Everybody loves Jennifer, right?
Everybody except the...
What's your name?
Jackie.
Jackie Bales.
Was that her name?
I got confused because we had like two Jackie's.
We had the real like macho Jackie.
What was her name?
They're having a...
You know, this place really amuses the hell out of me.
They're having a neo-Rigis anniversary party in the parking lot out here in Noon.
Am I going to be involved in that?
No.
Because I'm sitting up here on the air.
Oh, look, here Sam's got the balloons.
And that's right.
Yes, I did think about you and I'm saying Sam, but I still came back.
Like I said, look at all those beautiful purple balloons just like Tinky's winky.
Well, I guess what I saw on the BBC a couple of mornings, I saw Tinky winky.
And the whole, whatever that stupid show is, the telecom beauty.
Oh, yeah.
And of course, you know those British are all about your presses anyway.
So how can you tell?
Purple balloons, boy, this is pretty impressive.
Am I impressed?
No.
Here's a mobile and Cooper city.
Hello.
Happy birthday.
We have a handwritten.
You think our dimer you're dimer.
Are we paying for this?
No, of course you are.
Okay, hang on.
Well, no, we want to take the celebrities first.
I mean, here's an almost celebrity.
Hey, boy, what's that in your mouth?
Brian Andrews.
Happy anniversary, Neil.
From Channel 7.
The one and only.
From Channel 7 news.
How are you, Neil?
The one that says, we're out of that material, folks.
Not anymore.
How's things?
Things are great.
I just heard it was your 23rd anniversary.
And...
Well, where did you hear that?
I heard it on your show.
Oh.
This backyard, I was putting around to it a few things.
I could get out.
It's Neil's anniversary.
I should give him a call.
Right.
So, 23 years?
23 years of being...
And some of those...
Part of that time has been your colleague on IOD.
Yeah, you know, I was...
Everyone was there.
You won my wife and your colleague on IOD.
Right.
That was a long time ago.
Uh-huh.
But I just heard Jennifer Ram.
Wow.
Blast from the past.
Right.
And Henry Buron.
What do you never worked with Henry, did you?
No, I wasn't around for his.
Yeah, he was drying out, I think, when you came over.
So, how was being overseas?
Overseas was great.
Amsterdam is still there and it's fantastic.
And even with crappy weather and very marginal food,
I still had a great time.
And it's just nice to be among, you know,
living and breathing people for a few days.
And they're letting people down here.
No, not really.
Well, a few.
Anyhow, I just, you know, you're...
They say in South Florida, we need a circle.
You're not a man until you've been ripped on the year by Neil Rogers.
And Neil, I know you've ripped me many a time.
We're not talking about women.
And congratulations on 23 years in this market.
Thanks, Brian.
Give them a...
Where's Sanchez a big kiss?
Yeah, I hear you runs like a mother.
Okay, take care of yourself.
I'm Brian Andrews from Channel 7.
Are we impressed with that?
No.
He's all right.
He's a little confused.
That's what Adam said.
Here's a mobile and Cooper city.
Hello.
God, you preempted me for him?
Well, he's, you know, we're trying to get him out of the way, you know.
I'm half the anniversary.
Neil 23 down and four to go.
I'm wired.
And Neil, nobody's sense cards anymore.
I don't even get my wife in anniversary card anymore.
I just...
You know, an anniversary.
Listen, why should I expect the audience to remember this one?
I forgot myself.
Why should I expect anybody else to remember it?
Well, I'll come over and give you a big kiss, Neil.
Not pass.
And the best part of the anniversary shows all the celebrities of Colin Joey Reynolds and Mr. Ego and Alice and Rob Daniels.
Right.
And Randy Rhodes and the King Meister.
Neil.
Don't leave me.
Are you going to hear?
Are we going to hear from the phone?
I hope not.
I love that.
Somebody told me that Capri is back in town, by the way.
That's the rumor that I heard that he's working on RMS.
I have heard him, but he'll be Colin.
We'll find out.
Neil.
And in closing, you had your 20th anniversary show, I guess, three years ago.
Remember when Larry King called it from the airplane?
Yes, I do.
I got it.
Yes, I do.
I'm going to play it.
Thank you, sir.
Happy anniversary.
We love you.
Thank you so much.
How come we haven't heard from J.E. and Pompato Beach at this morning?
We're waiting for that call.
I know he's listening out there waiting with David Brett.
We have an open line and date one and Broward.
56705.
60.560 on the mobile one line.
How about you, every guy that made your personality in town?
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom Jicke calls in today, who missed the last book again,
by the way, the last ratings book, which we had a monster book.
He missed that again.
Missed our center one fundraiser that we did over 150 grand.
Missed that.
Missed my 23rd anniversary in the newspaper, by the way.
But I'd like to my good friend, Tom Jicke calls in here today.
Just because he's such a good guy, even though Sam is standing in front of my clock.
It's not important.
I mean, they don't care about the time.
They just want to know the guy named Gordon is the bookie, you're feeling better today.
I wanted to give you the real thing here, Neil.
Sally fits when her battery's quick, rick and suds
When they're pulling their cuts, Joe blows.
That most everyone knows.
That's just great, baby Joe.
Larry King, with that ball spot thing and there's Jim.
We know what Neil thinks of him, and Randby Roll.
When she speaks of her dolls.
That's just great, baby Joe.
Management, they're all bent on just running the show.
But they're just a bag of rants and two spags I know.
They don't even know as a ghost.
So, and he'll get the attention.
It's just what we're wishing for and so.
As we all hear a soul, paint a call.
And if you have the call, hot, so kneel.
And I'm sure you will feel and you're the guy.
I'll break tripping wild, just made way.
We're bringing on.
10.45 at 5.60 WQ and this overhead just cut it.
Anyway, there's a stupid article as usual, Michael Russo this morning.
I see the Panthers had like three big games while I was gone.
Phoenix, Philadelphia.
And then Ty and Detroit coming from way down on the third period.
Then they ran into the Leafs and Toronto Saturday night.
Anyway, so I missed a couple of very important and big home games.
But I did ask around.
Did they fix that the goalites at the arena yet can people see those yet?
No.
And not only that, but then come to find out the time clocks were back to that again.
They're not working again, right?
But hey, they're working on it.
But there's another idiotic column by Michael Russo.
And it's been interesting that somebody faxes me a copy from the Palm Beach.
See, this is the way it works in the local papers because nobody knows what they're writing about.
Just like that guy affects me, that thing I read in the beginning of the show this morning.
Your right, sir, they don't know what they're talking about.
All they do is they plant their propaganda and use the so-called columnist or writers or stringers or whatever they are like.
My fat Michael Russo, they put in there whatever the hell they tell them to put in.
The kitty core, GM Murray took his lumps for switching to youth seems he was right all along.
This coming on the day that the Panthers are like a ninth place.
They're tied with Boston and points, but they're at the moment out of a playoff spot.
But Murray was right all along.
Like when Marty Stracker got his 29th goal from Pittsburgh yesterday, we were saying, oh yeah, he was right all along.
And then he goes on about the core of youth and he goes, this is the same Michael Russo yesterday that ripped the crap out of Robbie Niedermaren as listless performance game after game after game.
And who does he list there in the kitty core, these great young players, Robbie Niedermaren, how do you like that?
And Roddoch DeVorek with his big deal 10 goals.
And Victor Kauslov, a bitter underachiever and Ray Whitney, who was a great acquisition by Brian Murray, but it's not part of the kitty core as a young veteran and it didn't come up through the organization.
So what are you writing about Michael Russo, you asshole? Another piece of crap. Welcome back to Miami, sir. Thank you.
Too many know nothings in this town. Too many losers. Too many people that haven't got any idea what the hell their job description is that no one know the subject matter of what the hell that they're supposed to be doing.
Like Michael Russo and David G. I spars over there at the herald. Don't say that. Look what happened to the grease man up there.
So anyway, getting back to this thing about Amsterdam, even when the weather is crappy. Oh, and by the way, somebody one of the Julio's and I think it was a chronic before I went on vacation was asking me about the Winston hotel, but there is such a place.
It's on the Rudi Vaseline, the Volmars to the right in the middle of all the red light district in Amsterdam.
But it's a great location, but it's for Schleppers. In other words, if you want to spend like, you know, 70 bucks a night for a flea bag dump dumpy place, but you we don't care because it's just a bed and maybe a little bit of water in there somewhere.
That's fine for you for your Schleppers. Great location. Would I stay there? Not on your life.
Not under any circumstances, but getting back to the said they only one thing. I mean, the bad weather I can take.
I mean, it's the middle of February. I'm there. It's raining. It's cool. It's windy. It's blustery out of out of the nine days.
I would say there were three days when you saw some sunshine. The best day was yesterday when I'm getting on a plane to leave beautiful, but that's the breaks.
I can handle all of the other. I can handle the fact that they eat a lot of fish and stuff that I can't stand and their food generally sucks. I doesn't bother me in the least bit.
So what I cannot handle the one thing that bugs me more about that city than anything else and I love Amsterdam is that as you're walking the streets and you're zipping around town and you go in here and there.
I know that this I've said this before, but it happens to be true. Maybe you can explain to me why there is this phenomenon.
Why the islands people is do any of them they have it like a real job. I don't think so.
Coke. Hey, coke. Coke. That's what we brought all of your makings in here for quite a lot. So we'd have a lot of good weed. Everybody knows that.
Yeah, that's why they're here. But these islands people like from the Dutch Netherlands and tillies or all these other grotesque islands that they I guess they have to let them in there.
And they're an impediment to your experience there not that they're dangerous. I don't think I mean you know they don't like come and grab you by the arm, but they're just a hey, what do you need mine? Coke.
Whatever you want.
Which is not legal there and number two which I don't want to be you know every two blocks or cost it to be buying cocaine and crack in the whatever else.
You know it gets on your guy damn nurse and it also contributes to that kind of attitude that you have that makes you feel a little bit on that racist side.
Like how come were there was there one single white person trying to pedal drustiny while I was an I'm stood and I'm walking this rate. No.
So maybe like that one person said a few weeks ago it's a cultural thing. Maybe that's what it's all about.
Uh-huh. Part of the culture. Open line a day two and Broward look at this open lines here today boys and girls.
23 years on the year in his town the facts machine ought to be buzzing these phones ought to be smoking off the hook we're hearing from big time celebrities Henry Barrow Jennifer Rem.
Broward what's his name Brian Andrews. He's almost a celebrity. That was yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Oh look what we got here it's enough of the sucking guy. Hey how's it going Neil. Great. Happy anniversary man. Thank you so much man.
And I'm talking I tell you what the man this was talking about yesterday.
But you've been you've been your anniversary really all you yeah. That's that's one of the reasons why I call you.
I mean the guy that's doing the updates the first updates on Sunday's day they were all celebrating you.
I guess you're anniversary I guess I call it it wouldn't be complete if Phil Henry doesn't call you in though. You know we missed a Henry here.
Are you shooting yeah from 6 o'clock in the morning till 10.
That sounds good to me it sounds like a big improvement over that crappy.
How about that punk in the morning talking to you know.
Yeah he just gets on my nerves.
If you guys have enough doubt if you guys have the tolerance to you guys have the balls to have a guy like that talking on the radio in the morning.
What can you have wet back radio from 6 o'clock in the morning.
Yeah I think that starts next week.
Well you don't come in.
I think we're gonna give Ricky Martin's gonna get a show we see he won the he won the he won the he was all excited about.
He's got a lot of people but he love he then.
Yeah and he brought me a crowd of their feet and they were screaming boy look at that orange hair Ricky's got there was screaming and squealing over it.
I really have the time to call you when I'm wearing like height lower pants.
It was so tight that you could see that he definitely is circumcised which I thought was pretty amazing for a Puerto Rican.
Yeah more more single size more than one.
Yeah he must have had the good moral he did a beautiful job.
I mean go yes.
So getting a round I'm out of being the one that she was driving next to you know.
Yeah.
Yeah so I don't know how far she doesn't share her eyesight isn't that good.
Okay I have a great time you go.
I'll be right back.
Good on you.
Okay we have an open line of days.
So anyway getting back to the thing about Phil Henry.
There's this obnoxious magazine that I told you about over the years called talkers magazine which was founded by and is written for and about a group of self serving assholes.
As Brian Andrews would say colleagues in the business.
Mike Siegel who used to work on WS News maybe some of you old friends remember Mike Siegel were trying to forget a humorless pathetic excuse for a broadcaster for a human being one of the most anxious people I've ever worked with.
But it ended of course Walter Sable contributes weekly or however monthly however often they put this rag out and they have these conferences that they go to and they also give awards to each other.
It's a self serving group of a flock is what it is.
Whether just the you know squeeze each other's genitals and pat each other on the back and tell each other how wonderful they are like they used to do with packs and giving each other all the awards all the time.
For screwing up an other station and destroying somebody else's life.
So anyway this February issue which so where did we get this who brought this in.
Greg or Duffer what all the general manager WQA mom she must have thought I'd be really impressed by seeing that.
Yeah my name in here the top hundred talk host in America for 1990 on is selected by the anxious talkers magazine a grotesque piece of turd.
Now I'm not going to waste your time actually I'm in there I mean to tell you know when you make the top five thousand that's pretty good.
Neil Rogers huge in South Florida offbeat wild character afternoons which are afternoons.
WQM Hollywood with the address and the phone number the fact and right on the dress wrong phone number right under my picture by the way guess who the next one is Jim Rome.
Now if you remember that fact that I started reading about you know shock radio it's a sports radio shock shock knows his stuff from your radio network yadi audio and there's his ugly place with that mustache trying to be controversial just with that look on his post.
But anyway when you hear some of the people that made this list and the one in particular who did not you are going to take your radio and plan your first to you're going to go and find out who published this guy damn talkers you're going to take your water say blow up that and just blow up the screen.
That's what they call the blow up doll because he blows on this list of the hundred best talk show host and by the way let me give you the criteria that they listed here okay.
They go through this long article which I never read this thing except of course I'm in it so I'm assuming you know I'm in I'm embarrassed to be in by the way I want to retract I don't want to be associated with most of what's in here.
The idea of importance these are the hundred most important talkers in America it's determined by any combination the following aspects of the candidates professional status ratings ratings.
Long Jebadi uniqueness as in a Randy Rhodes wannabe potential social impact yada yada industry recognition the courage talent and here is he's in their group Daniels she's a natural with a style all her own.
Yeah w i and g after the drive I'm going to tell you this is the worst Randy Rhodes ripoff in a day and why would you want to rip off Randy Rhodes that's the thing I don't understand that with all the respect to Randy okay she's got her thing.
Yeah where it is.
But I mean work Daniels is on the list now since this you know he mentioned and somebody else already has mentioned a certain name okay yeah that one.
So I'm looking through this this morning with much consternation is I'm seeing like Mike Seagal is in it all the people are part of this cluster fork that are you know that put this magazine out for their own a grandizement their own ego like time don't like his he's in there with his municipal numbers in every market that he's in by the way.
And I'm looking through here and I'm seeing various people are not in here like I see Mike in the mad dog from the fan this is a got sports talk people in and Jim Rome is Hank in here Hank no he's not in here.
A glaring omission is work are working suds in here well he suds is he in here no.
And then I talk to myself well you know who might leave it out and I look for Phil Henry I want you to those of you who know anything about talk radio in this market or just in general just generally speaking anything about talent like you recognize it if it hits you in the face.
Is Phil Henry on his list no keep in mind here's work Daniels is on the list at talkers magazine okay even she can't believe it because of her rating for influence for longevity in the market.
She got came back to the first month and then she was changing tires and tires and people who have got a best you want to come back to work.
She makes the list of the most important 100 talkers in America Phil Henry who's in Los Angeles on KFI 50,000 watts was one of the great talent in the history of our business.
Does he make the list no.
Damn it.
And you wonder why I say this is a horse ball business with a bunch of assholes and stuff of grandizing ass suckers right on it.
I'm going to tell you they ought to take Walter stable I told your just this morning tie him to a goddamn tree and make him wipe his ass with a real sharp willow pad and 500 copies of talkers magazine until he can't wipe it no more.
Shame on you you idiot you you jackasses.
But I do like that jacket time time like this Neil God.
I want to do.
I'm going to be.
I've got the power to hold.
I have a way to get your own show.
I'm on the stage.
I'm on the.
That's why I'm a consultant.
Oh my god. The idea of Brooke Daniels being on the list and the Phil Henry not being on there just it frosts my ass so much that I'm ready just to get up and walk out of here and go open up a goddamn shoe shine stand on the corner of the dam rack and something.
Speaking of the dam rack here's a man who you know makes it on his living.
Oh he didn't respond because I said it's a man who.
Al.
Put the food down now.
Happy anniversary.
I can hear I can hear the rappers crinkly.
I want to know if I'm talking to hear the hip hop was going to be a background Neil I'm going to be an answer to March 10th March 18th is anyone here to smoke it all up.
It's all gone.
I cleaned about you did what about the herring did you know the herring you know I had fact I cleaned your apartment.
I did not go in your part.
Why didn't you just because you gave me can't use a key stop it.
Yeah.
I was going to pay for a hotel too much.
I know my favorite hotel of Barbizon Palace was booked up this time so I had to stay at the Crasnipolsky and where that is.
You were six blocks from my house how much of you spend.
Too much.
You could have saved all the money all you have to do is perform moral effects of me and where even.
Like I said I love the Crasnipolts.
They have great dinners by the way.
Do they?
Oh it's a wonderful dining room.
Yeah.
You are eight blocks from my apartment Neil.
I know exactly where you're apartment.
I am going to walk in the back door.
I can say that it's a Crasnipolts.
I want to be the lunch and I love how.
Maybe you can answer me what it is.
Because I am always here and you make these comments or anybody else in the way we are supposed to be racist.
But you know what I am talking about.
You spend enough time there.
You walk the streets.
Everybody is happy.
Everybody is in a great mood.
The people are friendly.
They are very nice.
There is no guns.
There is a cops don't have any guns.
But every couple of blocks there is some raster schwarz standing out there.
You are a little irritating.
You are finally one to yourself.
People are always saying they have been deprived of an education.
Maybe a good haircut would be a good start.
They are working all the streets.
They should go back to Holland where they belong.
But Neil why don't you come from Holland?
Neil you said you wanted to live in Holland.
If I land in the apartment for you, why have you been cold?
He does have one?
He has one for you.
My wife is nice and mine.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so.
I hope so!
I hope so.
Are you going to be there now?
Oh, of course.
You changed my problem.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Get a room up to the street to do that.
Exactly.
vilight hug you.
Yeah.
Where you went.
Are you going to be there now?
Yeah.
river with you.
Wow!
I don't know what I a Dutch I was coming back on a plane yesterday and Martin here with a very nice
Gentlemen, in fact, maybe he's even listening now, but I doubted he's doing business and
older Dutch gentleman who's like in the telephone business
cell phone and
He showed me at a Dutch paper showing me a review of a restaurant called the Jan Yang which is right near where one of the hotels
I stayed most of the time and it'll the restaurants in Amsterdam to be honest with you got to be a little bit adventurous to go in because on the outside they look like
Not too much even the good ones. Okay, so we picked up the Dutch newspaper. We're showing me this review and I look at it and like
forget it
There are few now like finish ever hear the finish speak. It's like it's like
Indian like it like they speak in a Cala would like so one of those strange Indian languages no chance that one I would not tackle
I know my 40 awards of a tadon. I know my 20 words of esponule every where I go try to learn a little bit of language
But Dutch to me. I mean it's a you just have to make a lot of good. What I guess is what you get for reading all that herring
And all those clams
A lot of clams being eaten in Amsterdam. I'm on guarantee of that
Here is a candle. Hello
How's it going Neil great? I heard you talking about David Janiel and all those riders about hockey earlier
I called you a couple weeks ago about Alexander Dayg
Have they said they were trying to get him for Philly and he wasn't with Philly anymore. You remember right?
Anyways, in today's paper have you read that David Janiel singing in about the Panthers in the least possibly meeting in the playoffs? Yeah
He goes on to the Panthers likely playoffs. But would be number seven or eight
They have more of a chance of getting three than seven. Yeah, I mean there's six points at a third and Buffalo has the seventh spot and
There are eight points up on us. I
Mean what is it with this guy that does he look he has no idea what he's writing about?
He really does how many sparts as you know they know anything about hockey?
I mean he really doesn't we go on to say it every time and you know people think oh
Well, it's just one mess up to but but but this fat Michael Russo which you read the hurl I guess
But in the Sunsendle just I come back yesterday. I'm reading to catch up on things
He writes this scathing. He finally writes something true about Robbie Needham are what a bust
He's been and out today. He's writing about how he's one of the great talent because this is the PR stuff that the organization is put out again
It's pathetic. It is. I mean how can you he doesn't even mention the fact that we
Have a chance to get the third spot. Yeah, I mean let's worry about the eighth spot first. Don't worry about the third spot
Right. Well, I mean, you know
Big game excited against that Caroline. Yes, sir and when's the night? We got the old fairy coming here with a Colorado
That's right another thing I wanted to tell you that talking about people that don't know anything whoever's operating
I know the clock that probably you haven't been there to see it. Yeah, but whoever operates
What it's put on the scoreboard as far as the graphics right there just getting paid money
They don't know have a clue what they're doing the starring line of a Philadelphia
When they put Eric Lindross's picture out there. Yeah, and they put his name underneath they spell it L.I.N.D. R.O.F.
S. I mean a superstar like Lindross. I mean yeah, he's been a Luther Vandross. That's
That's true. I have a right day pal. I had a run. Yeah
Got a run because we got another superstar Ed Kaplan my close personal friend has got the odds at a night's game
That's right. Somebody told me that the England Bergman was Gary Bergman's sister. That's true
Congratulations. I think it's the same person. I think it's Gary
Batman
Great thanks Ed
Bringing all kinds of stuff here. They're having a big the one thing about this place if I get great ratings
They have a ratings party for the whole station if I have an anniversary they have an anniversary party for the whole station
I think it's a real banana that I came over here for everybody else. Yeah, a lot of us have ratings bonuses
built on how the station does right?
I probably know you thousands excellent. I might have bad streak right now at those streams
So maybe a while. Yeah, but when they bring the good bands in though
Did see Dave Joseph's column yesterday, you know, he's a right on target man
These old old bands that even you and I have forgotten already. I mean that's just ain't gonna cut it
You probably probably record and count them to do hey by the way since you were one of the few people who would even understand what this is all about
I look at a paper yesterday and I wish to hell I would have been here although thank God I was on vacation
Saturday night that big 150,000 dollar racers pop it all
149 and four Parsons then the track record in in the end of February
Can you believe it must have been a mild night, but that's what a time that is
Yeah, I
Except the only thing is I think that not just in heart is racing all these sports
And I mean all the racing sport they just keep scooping up the tracks. Yeah, I don't know if these
You think this was it's faster than naya trance. You think they're scooping up the tracks are scooping up the horse as well
We don't want to touch that we don't want to touch that with the tempo. Well, thanks a lot and I appreciate it
I'm happy I have a verse me and the
People don't realize this but actually between our own mutual friend Peter Shapiro and then you can build harder
I thought he never would have made it back in my life
Like I said we got a bad connection in
Later, but like poor ed well. He had a rough weekend
You know, we have an open line and Broward to and day to bring in baskets
Look at that one I like that one with a big Jewish down the outside that basket
What is that thing in sports where there's this tremendous feeling touchy?
These people don't want to think about it. They're gonna become very known
I am before 10 and after two you're all a bunch of faggot
You're naked you're you're taking showers. That's a gay club. You moron
You're in a fair club. You're looking for glory holes the Miami-Dolphin Bathouse
Out your family your home is sexuals. You're a feminine you are faggot
Oh
With staying school don't go out on your own
There's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home
Search all around but you won't see
Oh
With a geek
When nothing's on pass to the marvelous feelings of making butter patties
stick to the ceiling
Smoking in the bathroom making out in the hall or hitting the fat kid with a speeding dodge ball
Yeah, I remember
That's
Throw a paper watch with a fire along
Blow up the toilet with a cherry song
Dissect of frog in biology class find yourself a nerd and what's your name?
Well, you'll be a hit in chemistry
When you make a class of bachelor's
Start a food by you milk out your nose
Who when you go to school with anything goes
Say in school don't go out on your own
There's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home
A search all around
But you won't see
A seat
You won't with the G.E.D
Search all around but you won't see
Oh
You know
50 WQM, but we got a tremendous response on the phone here
Don't we not at the moment well, yeah, it's Monday
They don't want to get too carried away. We don't care. We hear every year
We keep hearing it's your goddamn anniversary and then it's your birthday and it's some other god damn blessed event
Well, this overhead it blows
So thanks to the QM family here whoever they might be
Look at it. You see this oh, geez big basket with all kinds of Italian goodies in there most of which I can't eat an olio
Leva I'll just the drinks of olive oil here while waiting for some calls
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line now
We're gonna be having a little a thing out here in the parking lot out by the what is it 202 places at it and 441?
It's a double-street time terrace
Whatever it is 200 203 terrace. Oh, by the way
We got to find out if that jiffy the jiffy Loub does oil changes on Corvette. Okay. Seriously the one right across the street right next to the tower kingdom
We're battling Brooke right into people do that faithful day, and he said
Here's Jeff Cohen from the pizza lot that was just gonna ask about food
So what are we gonna be given away out there between noon and one we got a whole thing set up out there not to elaborate
We got shirts. We got it's very elaborate. They've got the other said it's really elaborate for this place covered dishes and what not from the pizza lot
Also pizza lot catered this so another of anybody who shows up between noon and one while the noon last will get food out there parking lot party
Give away spin the wheel. They've got shirts. They've got chalk keys a bunch of crap and out of the roster people to face you up
They got to bring their own weed. Yes, and it's weed for food. That's the deal here. Yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello
Hello, yes, man, Neil about this is your Dutch admirer. Yes
I you were talking about the people from the Netherlands and to Elise. Yes, well they have Dutch passport so they can just go to Holland whenever they like
Oh, what if they have no work the government will give them money and all that you see?
Uh-huh. So that's that's that so they can go into business for themselves. Oh, yeah, they can do whatever they like
On the street corner, right? Yeah, oh
Koke, Koke, Koke, I tell you that it just of all the things there it's such a pleasant place as you know
I mean other than the crappy weather. Yeah, but God that just gets in my nerves. I know. Yeah, it is
It's very very annoying and I know I cannot believe they can find a good restaurant
You know what you have to do every
Cracht if you
Cracht in all the cracht that there are six million restaurants the little ones. Yeah, and the ones sometimes that look
You know a bit dirty or something
That's the best. Well are you familiar with that? Yam Yam? I heard of it. Which doesn't which is an Italian restaurant
But from the outside it looks like a crap. It doesn't even look at that. But sometimes the food is the best in those crappy places
Yeah, and there are so so many restaurants in all the cracht it's unbelievable the crafter you know what that is
Yeah, yeah, so I can get you a list maybe from my daughter she lives there great and I can
Protect it to you now. What about the steak houses because I'm all a little bit lary because you know right across the sea right across the
North Sea of those brits and they got that magic prop. Yeah, exactly. I'm a little bit nervous about the meat and where it might come from
Yeah, you should not like touching that British meat. No, you should not eat it definitely not
But just try any any of those little restaurants. It's all French food a carrot being food. You name it
Don't be Dutch food because that's horrible. I know
It's so bland when you have to go to McDonald's. You know the local
Yeah, okay. Well, doc of L. Okay. See there's my one word
You're speaking of micronary
Hello, hello
And you wondered why I was not here anymore. Hello. How you doing Mike good. How are you great?
So what are you doing? Well, I call to say happy 23rd anniversary. Thank you so much now
I didn't I wasn't aware and I guess the
Once again the people in this town. He's so called newswriters. They missed a big story that Henry Burrow stole your show
Well, something like that. Yeah
Yeah
Maybe you can explain that to me because I asked Henry and he kind of like a dance around it a little bit
You know if they were gonna charge you this exorbitant rate to buy the airtime
How is it that he's buying a year time and somehow he can be on there? Is that I really don't know
I think he found a big angel somewhere is that is as far as him stealing anything. Yeah, uh the capability is not there. I don't
Oh
Ooga booga is all I can see in it
Ooga booga that's right. I got goosebumps here and you say that. Hey
Ooga mooga. What are you doing? Well, I'm delivering the herald in the morning
And then I'm selling I'm selling lines in the afternoon at the corner of
36th Street in the South Dixie highway. Yeah, hey listen. You'd be big and I'm still there
I'm already got to do is well I was gonna say let's your hair grow a little
I think in your case in mind I might be tough for this guy. Yeah
Gotta go see Chuck L for your e. Well, he's I was gonna say I could get me a wig. I go to Charlie right
No seriously, aren't you like anything in the fire? Yeah. Good. Yep. Excellent. Very soon. Great. Very soon
Can okay, so can we announce it officially you're gonna be replacing the worst team on his station starting week from Monday
Ha ha ha come on let's start that room again. Mike Rineri on QIM from Monday
You don't know how many people I had asked me about that good and I said yes
Gonna be any minute now. I like keeping those bastards under toes actually. I'm gonna sign more cast
on QIM and I am Z
All right, so let us know when you know what the deal you know when it goes down
What is it gonna go down? Yeah, it'll be a middle of the month, but you can't tell us where yet
I can't say where yet. No, we want to be the first to know. We'll give you a lot of publicity. Okay. Okay. I appreciate it
And again happy anniversary. Thanks a lot 23 years in this town. It's uh, you try you got a congressional metal or something or a purple hard
Thanks a lot. All right. Yeah, Mike Rineri Jennifer Rem Henry Barrow. Here's the Jeff Cohen
But and I see you're gonna kill me again. I just came back from Amsterdam
Why did not overeat? I didn't gain any weight. I didn't lose any way. They came back exactly plus and minus zero
It's not very light. If for at first of all, you know, I can't eat that
That's the tortellini which she saw us that will send my blood sugar skyrocket. You know, I can't eat that
It's pasta man. You can't eat pasta pasta with la pasta
No, I'll eat it
Yeah, so what do you got outside for the audience?
For the Alfredo
This is the biggest scam gun and how about some napkins? Oh, it's easy. No fingernails again
God, I seriously your business would double if you'd stay away from the goddamn door
More people go running out of there. They're coming for a good meal. They see you with those damn fingernails go racing out of there
Shmoots
By the way, your buddy. I'll go steam call moments ago
And he said you better slow down a little bit unless you got a spear one
Oh, speaking of that here's stubby. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary. I really don't have much material. I'm sure did you ever?
Not much. What's in a while I come through with the gem?
Anyways
Happy anniversary. We're gonna miss you when you're gone. Hopefully you'll
Re-sign a contract. I'm not gonna resize the contract
Years yeah, make it even 30 more years on this goddamn place if I can stay alive
Listen move to answer damn net apartment and do the show from there. Yeah, that's on the good to me. I think that's the way to go
Anyway, so just want to say Larry and Bob or douchebags and love you Neil. Okay, stubby
Have a great life. Don't call us again this year. Okay. There's stubby's call for the remarket down
Open line and Broward all three and they don't have no Julio's calling in yet to say happy anniversary Neil vainty trace
Because they can't count that high
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
Great feast out here. So like I said no one to one if you come on by in our parking lot
You can spin for some prizes some t-shirts another red direct that we're gonna be like one
Oh, I don't know, Drack
You're just gonna say it's right behind the Roland International Building. It's right next to Kentucky fried
Which by the way?
Because I'm 41 huh? I'm 441 and two or second trail
But at any rate, I actually ate it can tuck you fried a couple of times in Amsterdam
Took back to my hotel little a bag and
They have a thing called a zinger sandwich, which is like a lightly breaded chair. Are you familiar with that?
The zinger kind of like spicy very very light breadings and after we're about too many carbs
Would like some kind of a special uh, squirt squirt sauce. Yeah, I think I know where it came from and not too bad
Not an award winner, but certainly better than eating all those goddamn McDonald's double cheese burgers with no buns
I don't care what the lady said. She was very nice, but the food there
Close it's a bit
But hey when you're having such a good time who's got that time to eat?
What happens when the president of a major superpower retires from office and has to pay millions of dollars in legal bills and fines
He takes it off and exposes
The full willy critics are calling the full willy outrageous and bigger than life the new york times calls the full willy
Click a boner-fied crowd pleaser
Kiskelen Ebert gives the full willy two thumbs way way way up your head
With a massive performance by the Arkansas State Trooper dance corps
There's no wonder gq says the full willy stands out in a crowd come see the full willy and cheap hotel rooms everywhere
It's 1131 and 560 qm two open lines in date and four mires any calls from four mires today. No, you get a lot of calls from four mires last week
George
No, oh, I just thought I would mention that we don't even know for still on here speaking of that. Yes, remember that
Ojanum provoked a term that called about that morning guy right yeah homophobic stuff
Anyone he called us to say a bunch of bull crap. He loves you. He was the big promoter when they took you off the air for five minutes about getting you back
I would like to you as a bunch of crap one of my best friends. What's his name?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T wireless line
mobile in four-lotterdale hello
Yeah, hi Neil. Yes, sir happy anniversary. Thank you so much. I've been listening to you since your 18 and
I
Hope you get they do even 30 like the other callers it
You hope I get dirty 30 go to you know instead of
Sign another contract for 30 years at least no
Well first things for
Hello, I'm here. I made till last week although George did a great job
Haven't had too many calls about the job George did he told me he was great?
No, no he told me. He was
Sationally said the phones were smoking. I got a guy named 23rd anniversary show here today. I'm pumping a guy named phone numbers
See this is what you know, this is why shouldn't the guy down a planet come back here
Sir, well, you know, he did an excellent show, you know, excellent, but I'll but you know 23 years
Are you ahead of them by 23 years? Yeah, and basically like I heard I heard you today in the morning and I I almost
Just listen to you, you know, I mean you're unique sir and
Thanks and God bless you sir and have a great thing
Boy, it was pretty emotional. I hope it line of day one at Howard. We got the free food outside
I'll guarantee there'll be lined up for the free food between noon and one catered by a friend Jeff Cohen at the pizza lot
I mean, it's quite an operation he put out there. Do you see um
Wow the covered dishes covered dishes with all kind of keep it hot
Lasagna and ziti and pasta and sausage and all kind of good stuff
And then spinning for us whatever Dreck Sam's got to give away out there as we once again, you know make a big deal
And of course that fax I got at the beginning of the show. I'm still waiting here from that asshole in poppano. I know you're out there. J.E
Come out of the closet sweetheart
23 freaking years on the year in s-town with ratings that are bigger than all the guy damn rest of the thing put together
And the first thing I get is a sarcastic, caustic, hateful fact from some malconfed piece of I had no life crap from New York
Well, you know remember they used to have the thing about the use garbage from New York
They used to have to find places where they could cart it away too. We don't have to worry about where to take they took it all the Florida
All the sewage from New York. They just swore to write down a guy damn Florida
Here's a mobile in Deerfield Beach hello
Have a meal yes sir
I have the anniversary. Thank you
Listen, I'm going to Amsterdam on Thursday with some friends. Yeah, you see a thing on your last trip. It was
We're going back to
Anybody I would do again. I mean anything I would do again. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, but I didn't I
What I miss you've been what I've been there quite a few times
It was something different that you might have seen like what I don't know any good shops any good
Uh
Well, all depends on what you're into. I mean they got that a bar named after the famous American attorney the Cochrane
The Cochrane Cochrane. Yeah, how about rocks? You get a rock seat? No
That was pretty cool. Yeah
And then they got the stable master. I think you'd probably have a hell of a time there stable master. Yeah
That's great. Yeah, just make sure you address right
I hear it full of chili
A little on a chili side. Yeah, you'll freeze your ass off now. It looked like it was warming up now that I'm going to warm up a little bit
Well, we'll have a couple of free listen
And be sure when you go there to say hi to all those rotten scarches of pedaling your drugs on the stator
They're horrible. They're gonna look like you know. I mean looks like they never took a bath
They got that grotesque hair and they're like real grungy and addressed like they just came out of a dumpster somewhere
Go up by I mean what is that and people wonder where we come up with these racial stereotypes? What is that crap especially late at night?
We would like to start coming out of the woodwork there and they're really annoying. Yeah, I think I do something about that
Well get them out of there in the forward next time I go back
Listen, I call my friends at Cisco dish back. Yes, sir
Thank you very much. And then check out the Yanian restaurant while you're there. Yanian. Yep. You got it. Not too far from Central Station
Listen, love to listen to you and have the anniversary. Thanks a lot pal. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you
We have an open line and there's Joe Castellar just came and I brought him a little uh thing back from Amsterdam a little t-shirt
brought one for George one for Joe
I was thinking about you Joe not too long though
Where we go? Let's go to a oh look at this your favorite call
That was Paul Harvey Jr. Just blew up right here on the
Here I think you did that. I know you're not touching it but even so now I hear that when he calls you do touch it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT call us back Paul Harvey Jr. or not as the case may be
He said a lot of problems in his life, you know here's West Palm Beach hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary, man. Thank you so much, man. I'm a little in the U since 1976. Oh my god. Yeah, well 23 products
Um, I just want to say I would say this for all your listeners. I am at third generation
Floridian
Warner raised my grandfather came to my mama in 1911
My mama worked for Flagler and he he he went down on he would work for the railroad and he went down during a hurricane at 35
and during the storm at 35 to the keys to pick up the the World War One veterans that were
Working down there and he never made it back the train was found 100 yards away from the
Tracks and even the sawgrass wasn't disturbed. Oh my god and
And as a kid growing up in my mama and Kendall we lived at
68 51 Southwest 94 Street we used to go out and get our own Christmas trees in
1958 this before the Cubans came and the only Cubans we knew were were they were gardeners. Yeah, that's all there were with gardeners
Well, they know how to do that. I remember the first a good seeds across from
34 of a cube. Yeah, there was a there was the first burger king that ever went up
It was in 1958 my dad bought stock in it. Thank God
and he
And went on and on but the thing is
The big Mac was 35 cents. Yeah, and there was no there was no dry through
You just walked in and they were all yeah, they were all white. Yeah
And Neil
Well, you know white people here no more sir
This is it no more white for french fries with pen cents. Yeah, and
You can't turn the clock back, but you got to get you can't you got to go over the old hip hop you got to hop right on right and
I'll tell you I miss my Emma. I'm up in West Palm Beach. I'm a butler and
And for a family it treat oh wait, right? This isn't this isn't the crazy butler that calls us every now and then yeah, okay
We have an open line of date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
He was actually on I mean he was terminal, but he was almost the coherent there for the two or three minutes
Seems like what only an hour he was on
Must have only been a second drink
This is your ball and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Roger
I've been listening to him for
I show five to six years and
I've watched the morning show evolve and everything and um
I have a problem when taking my kids to school and
thinking commercial for
For the guy that curses
nasty nasty things and there's no warning it just splurts out, you know
You
And you can hear the bleep you can hear the
You know and you can hear the venom in his voice and and you know
I don't have a chance to turn off my radio quick enough now. I heard it
You know I had a problem again the other day. I can't explain that stuff to my kids
I've been listening to this station for a long time and I think you're ruining it by
infiltrating it with his nasty language and
I don't know what I can do but I just thought I'd better call you know and tell you it's different when Hank
Hank calls someone in son of a bitch. He just heard the guy act like a son of a bitch. Hey stop it
There's a reason for it, but the other guy with his fart and his
Fall and just the way he curses is ruining their first pain and
I think Joe Rose should stand up and
And get this all pick off his program because there's a lot of people like me that
That are you know have children and and I just feel like you're someone say pissed off on my way to work
Pissed off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that and I don't think it's appropriate
I know if you're gonna have to nasty little program in the middle of your day leave it there to make the other program
If you mean toss in it and it really insults my intelligence there and you know that's not clear
I don't know what is okay. Thank you. It's love and 45 but 5.50 QM so by the way next door
To our building here at QAM
We've got condo commandos
In this big building of course they're looking out the windows with their binoculars
They're starting to do the south beach shuffle that they managed to bring up to north-aid
They're doing a shuffle and they're taking a look. There's food out there. It's free food as the
Yeah, well guess what we're poisoning anybody over the age of 100
We're poisoning got a special batch that Jeff put in the corner over there
Off to the side for the old parts. Yeah, got something special in there for you know extra charge by the way
Okay, stay the hell away from our food if you have to gum if you have to gum your food
This is not for you so stay the hell away
So the staff is enjoying it out there. They're having a good room for this is the one of the benefits of my being here
Like at Kaplan set
Is it you know that's like being like the big cow that the insects feed off of
In fact every time in a coming ability. Oh, there's the big cow
Until if boo got so big
Two open lines and date five saying by the way, thanks to Joe Costello breeze me an ice anniversary card
That's two oh plus the little card and the thing here from the station. That's three oh
I'm waiting and did Tom jicke calling yet. No, the second congratulations. My good close ball personal friend Tom jicke
Who's oblivious to anything that I do in a step. See if Howard does it and Howard's doing great Howard got millions of dollars
He's in a class by himself even away does a boring show these days
But if Howard does something right away because he's one of those, you know one of those media maggot magnets
And like I told you the last couple of months life has got nothing to do with talent
It's got nothing to do with anything. It's got to do with one word H-Y-P-E baby height that is 99% height and 1% ability. That's what it's all about
Speaking of that
Hello, yes, sir. It's a shame. I'm having your phone. I don't know what that was
You said it blew up, but I could still hear you on the other lines. No it blew like most of your calls it blew
Listen that recording you had what was that
About the guy talking about you coming on the promos. Yeah, that's an old one. Oh, is it? Uh-huh?
Well, you're slipping man. Don't you remember? No, I told from festival you know seriously. We played out all the time where he says
Pistols gets me fired up when I hear someone say that I have never heard that
Well, there you go. I have never you know. I've been with you for almost 20 years
Yeah, in fact, they put an asterisk next to my achievements in the market. They put an asterisk next to it
It says in spite of Paul Harvey, Jr
He's still stayed on here. You know, I'm through try to the calls
Through trying to save you with all of my lemon juice
Talking out of your gallbladder surgery
Trying to help you collect your money from Stan. Yeah, you know how Stan doing by the way
Anybody seen him lately? No, I've seen my two grand. He's still need money. You know something
I could probably retire I could this could be a going away show today
If I had my money and the interest on the money that I gave to Stan made you what was it about a hundred years ago
I could probably retire right now
cheap prick
Seriously, what kind of a deal is that you borrow two thousand desperation? You send your who now is x-wife over to somebody's house
Oh, you're getting they got divorced. Oh, yeah, if you want that happen months ago. I had no idea
Uh-huh, and how many children did he have in fact? Why don't why don't we give Paul Harvey Jr
Stan's home number? I think he needs somebody to talk to these days
I have I actually have it. I have is I could give it out. Yeah, no, don't do it
Nobody wants to talk to Stan. We heard that show believe me
It's gonna be great to hear a neary back on the air. Isn't that interesting
We've already got more radio information out. It's not even noon yet on a show today
Then the so-called columnist that we got in this town who are busy writing about so you know some the network TV show crap that we already got more info out there
Listen happy anniversary. I have a good day pretty week today
Maybe now maybe it was an act of God that he got cut off the first time
So how about that Roger Ebert should he have been the one to go? No, come on
You're with it not Gene sysco good guy and Jewish too by the way
Like I said too many dying Jews out there. I mean there's already enough goyem around like that Roger Ebert
Who needs him that show is already in the toilet without Gene sysco
Open line of day five six seven oh five sixty what happened here while I was gone did anything happen here of consequence
Anything at all every time I go away out of vacation whether it's nine days ten days whatever it is I come back
What did I miss anything? No man
Here's a lady mobile in bokeh hello
Hello, yes ma'am hi. How are you Neil?
Great. Thank you. Long time caller for a time. Long time. Let's the first time caller. Can't even talk I'm so nervous
I want to tell you that George did a very tough job while you're away. A very what?
Sucky job. Oh sucky job. He's talking about sat chicks which I am not yeah, but I don't want to hear about him
Talking about fix you the whole day talking about them. Do not now did he get calls from spits?
You guys you
Taste one to get call I can't get no calls from spicks
They're listening, but they won't speak to me. It takes one to no one you know
So they listen and they talked him he talks about how he's an American spec and he went on and on and on yeah
And it's boring. It's just like too much topic stuff
He's like and his his voice. It's enough. You know what I think it is
It just dawned on me one of the reasons I had such a good time in Amsterdam and spread the crappy weather
I didn't hear one word of esponial and there were no spicks
Ah
We know I wanted to sound exactly what it was it was a nice reprieve
There we and then as soon as I got back to Miami International and walked out of the airport
Well, he thought that was like a topic of the day that and sat people yeah, not that people fat women
Fat women
Yeah, I don't think he dare and talk about the fact
I'm gonna see a he had lots of calls here last week. He these phones were smoking all week long
I don't know before I'm stopped very boring. I'm glad you're back. Okay. Well, thanks for not going to be a good thing
I want to call my husband power hungry
Thanks. Thank you. She loves you George. We have an open line of data. We're talking about all fat people
Not just fat. Don't be defensive. She is giving her opinion. She thinks this shows you did suck
I'm sure they were fine and I'm sure she's fine
There are people listening to my show today. I think this is this show's suck
This show. Well, I said it again. Well, I'm eating now. Okay. I'm not paying that much attention
I'm getting to have a notice
It's my anniversary. I'm having a nice free lunch here
Everybody's putting on this big act. They love me today. Even I've capitol. I never see I never see any of these people
They're right upstairs. So he's here at night. That's his excuse
Never see any of these bastards, but even he made the effort to call in
To recognize a major accomplishment 23 years on a year in his market
Nonstop except for seven of the best months of my life when buddy Bud said hey here you go. Here's some money go away
Please and I said okay
But you know something it's just like this vacation. I just had
Everything is like a dream. You know what I'm saying? It's like a snap of the fingers even at seven months with all my trips all over the place the Vegas in Europe and wherever
Before you know it it just zips right on by and it's gone. It's just like a distant memory
So grab it and squeeze it while you can. Oh, we got all the pains in the ass here today Jeff Moss. Hey, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir? Thank you so much. I figured I'd get my one call in this year. Yeah, I just want to say George George did a great job last week
I don't know what that bitch was talking about he was great. How are you offended?
I don't know. He does a great every time I call every time I was listening at the end
He said I'd like to give out the phone number but there were no phone lines open
So we listen to him. I knew I said I got one open line right now. It's my anniversary show
It's my goddamn show. He goes on there. It's every line lit up all week long and this bitch calls here and is a bed out of shape
I'm complaining and bed out of shape. I don't know Neil
I just wanted to call and tell you happy 23rd. I think you're great. You make the ease of pain here, Neil
He's the pain. Maybe closing out of a one card for you. Yeah, Mike
Okay, thanks Jeff
Nice phone technique there too. How is that Jeff?
Two open lines today. So the spits were calling you. That's why you had the phones lit up
Holy little sick day sure because I was ripping them
We're gonna be about what you were ripping my friend the spits out there. We need those people man
I've been specifically we need the Cubans badly desperately
Five six do we need the Cuban five six seven oh five sixty and pound five six the uneo tt wireless line
How come we haven't had one dark complexed caller today tell me about the CNS bed
Because now I'm confusing now I'm beginning to understand I'm a little bit slow. I'm beginning to understand why there's this tremendous
resentment
Between black Americans, which I will not use the word African American because there's no such god damn thing
that American black people
Who are like born here and many of the island people and I've been telling you also for years
I don't I know why any of you ever want to go to a vacation in the Bahamas or any islands
Because I know the one time I went to the Bahamas and we drove through Nassau it was all those kind of people that I'm just describing you the
Hundred of them or so that I saw I'm still analyzed nine days all the roster people out there trying to push their drugs on everybody on the streets
I mean if you want to get good drugs you don't have to go to the islands to do that
But how come so in some beginning to understand the tremendous
resentment that exists because if I was like a reasonable
Civilized hardworking black person trying to scrape my way through who had like a reasonable education
Released made an effort and try to get my kids educated
I would resent the stereotypes that are created by the scum that walk out there on the street crockman crock
I mean, and this is garbage
Swill you look at these people and say Jesus Christ and the wonder there's so few barbers in this town
Get you a haircut get something get it get a life
Gok
Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir happy anniversary. Thank you. I want to thank you for something that you had done for me a couple of years back
Would you have in the call? I was doing the overnight at the light bulb
And someone had called an aspiring port saying I was putting it down and dishing you which wasn't true
Yeah, and you uh promoted the show and I want to thank you for the words people don't realize
That you promote a lot of people that start out me. I promote everybody on here in this time not paranoid
I'm not terrified and I'm not a child like these other people that don't want to mention the callers
I mean, you know more powered everybody. I'm all for the talent the management for that the management can drop dead
But the talent those are the people seriously you know what I'm talking
I had to thank you for that because that was very classy and I appreciate that
Who is this? My name is chef. I was doing a show Jay Allen overnight at the first go around with talk and microobbers
Who's there right? Oh?
Yeah, long ago right and then that was a BS. That was before Steve
Before Steve right then I came into the studio to film the spot you were on a weight loss program
We were doing a spot for health week a TV show and Saturdays
And you were kind enough before I was not show for health week
Well, you were going to drop a top off
I forgot what you were on at the time and you were speaking in as a
Folks person for that and you were very nice to let us set up the cameras and such and then with the happiness going on
I just wanted to thank you for giving me a piece of that and for you know giving
So much joy over the years listening to radio and letting me be a small part of it. Thanks. Yeah
Thank you sir. See you. Bye. Bye. Okay. There's Jeff though who used to be on the light bulb
Whoever he is. I'm either good guy. He at least cared enough to send his very best which most of them do not
Two open lines and brown did we have a call from Steve Kenya today?
By the way, no, they can regulate me on May 20th
Which I'm the only guy that promoted Hesha one and they believe state that he's on 1470 or whatever it is
Did he call in today to say happy 23 years on a year? No
Now he's probably occupied. No, he's probably busy
Got a nice gift here from my good friend norm Ken who's recouping in Broward general by the way is going through a tough time
We're all thinking about norm
Get better soon norm. You know how they are in this joint. Okay
Better not mess around
The minute that they know that you're returning you sick or that there's something
You know that you're a little bit defenseless. I mean today, you know they put on a good act with the bass getting the big party outside
Just wait till tomorrow
Be right back to business as usual here
My back is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearl. I don't even have enough to pack us world
I try to seek with lotion and technology
But if don't get no bigger than a golf fee
There's nothing I can do
I only got a three inch two
You'll be disappointed when we reach my house
Because you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a mouse
You're there no big Mac or like a happy meal
You get more satisfaction from your high heel
You'll swear I would be in a pool
Because I only got a three inch two
Sometimes at night I wonder if they will ever grow
You call that a thing there
I couldn't even push in your shoe
It looks like Mr. Peanut with a chain
It's got capillaries instead of vain
I took a circulation with a pinkish ring
For Halloween I tried to like a buffalo wing
It's in a suction tube
Because I only got a three inch two
Even with a metric rule
I only got a three inch two
Tell them guys
Yes, we got a three inch two
My little baby
You got a three inch two
Coming here, honey
You got a three inch two
It's probably not quality
You got a three inch two
How about I get only five or three inch two blocks
I'm about to put it here I say it to you
Oh, we're gonna enjoy just doing helium
Oh
I don't want more fun
Anniversary cake they got
23 more years of QA amateurs on air
No, no, thanks a lot
23 more days maybe
Okay, we got two open lines in Broward
It's our big 23rd anniversary show
Have we heard from Tom Jikket today yet?
Terry Jackson at the Harold
No, any of our me
How about Ellie Brecker?
We heard from Ellie yet?
No
Huh?
See there's no there's nothing in this town as an event
To give you an idea
I just looked out in the parking lot
Because this hour is the free food
And we had one old couple standing out there
A sucking up free food
He's not gonna put that cake there is he
Yes
Are you starting to know it's in again
Just because you did a few shows here
And all of them you got great review
We're gonna do a lot more if you did any more of that cake
That's right
So you better say hey that looks just like your size that cake
Welcome up wow
Yeah, that's right
And so are you
I'm gonna say
Thank you, Duff
Here's Kendall
Hello
You know
Yes sir
Happy anniversary
Thank you
I really enjoyed looking
What a factification in here on the inside
Audience they're still in the coma
I don't know what that woman was talking about
George was fantastic last week
Yeah but don't you know if everybody called it and sucked ass
Wouldn't that be pretty boring
There's nothing worse than being boring
I enjoy when people call and rip the hell out of me
Rip the crap out of George
That's what makes it fun
Even if they're just making it up
Absolutely
Absolutely
I mean there's nothing worse than a boring suck fest
Well listen
Mandage was absolutely just talking you up yesterday
Really
It was fantastic
Always love Mandage
There's a real talent for it right there
There's a real genuine guy
At least every half hour
Every hour on the hour
He was like in the Tomarth Neil 23
Are you sure?
And on and on
Yeah
Wow
It was great
I really enjoyed listening to the yesterday
It was great
I'm sure he's gonna call you
But listen
How do we get there to see you
I don't know where you are
How do you get where
I don't know I want to come up and join the party
You don't come up here
Where are you
Huh
No in the parking lot
In the parking lot
We're on 441
Like about a half a mile north of Ives-Derry Road
It's 2-0 second trail
Is the street
Right right by Giffey-Lube
And there's the tire kingdom
And there's a stop right there
And we're in a big white building
You might see the whole deal out there
You'll see the QM van
And the balloons and the dumsand
I mean the sand of the shamb
Thanks for everything Neil
Okay thank you sir
Have a great day
Yeah they want some free food
They want to spend for some prizes out there
Let's get some activity going out here for Christ's
Let me go take a look
Nothing going on out here
You got to stress some of the free food
There's nobody on here
Hey this is party time in Miami baby
What a dead goddamn place
If it was me
Well not me
Because I can afford my own goddamn meals
And I can get free food at the pizza lot
But I'm saying if I'm the average listener
or schlepper out there
I'd be taking off from work saying
Hey I'll see you later
Baby I'm going to the track
I'm going somewhere
I'd be a high-tail under right over here
for the free food down there
Is what I would be doing
Right in the parking lot
Maybe I'll just take them while
Maybe there's a little on the slow side
Just a little slow
Here's a lady in Miami Beach
Hello
Lady in Miami
Like I said maybe they're a little slow
Hello
Yeah Neil
I want to congratulate the stations for having you
And I'm not sucking ass
You're a comic genius
You really are
So
And George did great
But you are one of a kind
And you just tell things as they are
This city is gone
There are more on
Just the brain damage
And uh-huh
And I would
I told
I was telling George's story
But the fire alarm went off
Yeah
All right I was in the
Quarter part
Third quarter of the bus
And the bus driving
I was going to leave gentlemen
Was playing Monica's vagina
And you could hear these words
So precisely
Yeah
And no one
I'm in the first third
They didn't hear it
It was
I'm not
My hearing isn't that great
And um
The bus driver was playing with Monica's vagina
Well he was playing it
And then I went up
And I said they're not
They don't hear it
I mean they hear it
And they're not
In Toronto
I think it's a
Land of the dead
And you
You're alive
And the land of the dead
And I love you to show Neil
Thanks, sweetheart
Yeah
Have a good day
Okay, good day
Good night, good night
We have an open line of day one and
Broward
Five
Well it's
Afternoon, all right
It's Monday
You're allowed
You're permitted one or two
Pops is around noon time
Especially the start the week
You got to get a few
Pops to start the week
Then you celebrate to end the week
And then over the weekend
Of course all week
Pops
Pops
Maybe that's what it's all about
Pops
Pops
In fact, there's some
Mindpops
But kettle I think out there
In the parking lot
Sucking up to your free food out there
But let's get some action out there
Let's show Jeff Cohen
And it was worthwhile
He went through an elaborate song
And a dance to set up all that
Free good stuff out there
Didn't he?
No
Well he said he did
Beware of exploding balls
Two tables of food just salmon
And two of the egg whites
I have a stick of butter
And a little bit
Stick it all in a bowl
Baby
Dad
String with a wingspoon
Makes in a cup of flour
You'll be in heaven soon
Say everybody have seen my balls
They're big and salty and brown
Okay
You ever need a quick pick me up
Just stick my balls in your mouth
Ooh
Just throw my chocolate
So get born
Stick it in your mouth and stick them
Just throw my chocolate
So get born
They're fast food
I'm vitamin
And good for you
So throw my balls
Oh
What a couple of arms reading your chocolate
And a half cup of brandy
And throw my two of sugar
And just to finish off my nela
Breathe out that cookie cheese
Cause I hate when my balls stick
This free heater I want to feed since
I'm giving up food to live
Say everybody have seen my balls
They're big and salty and brown
No
You ever need a quick pick me up
Just stick my balls in your mouth
Just throw my chocolate
So get born
Put them in your mouth
Just stick them
So get born
So get born
So greatest
Hey
Holy moly
Look at that smoking
You
He never used to like thy seeds
A facet doe
it
It's not lily
The oil is still dying
You better get back in the kitchen.
Cause I got a sneaking suspicion.
Oh man baby.
Baby, you just burned my bow.
My father's on fire.
I'm not stupid.
The father's burning.
Give it to the father.
Push the water over.
The father's burning.
Give it to the father.
The father's on fire.
Give it to the father.
Oh my God.
Let's talk this ball.
Put him in my desk.
Tell my baby.
Let's talk this ball.
Tell my baby.
Oh.
Let's talk this ball.
Let's talk this ball.
Let's talk this ball.
Come on baby.
Let's talk this ball.
Well, well, well.
Come on baby.
You know it just told me, how the hell would they...
You're welcome.
We're managing, remember, that it was my anniversary.
We've been telling you about that.
What is it?
It's Duffa Stone, everybody.
Oh, Duffa Stone, everybody.
He was around sucking around.
Or at least part of that.
We have an open-line at Broward, 5667-0560,
pound-560, animal-1.
Didn't hear from Jeldie today, saying happy anniversary.
Huh?
Did we hear from Jeldie?
No.
Duffo?
No.
He said it on the earth.
Who did?
Duffo.
Well, Duffo mened.
Did Jeldie say it?
No.
Open-line at Broward, 5667-0560, pound-560,
on the mobile one line.
Hank will be along from the Schulter State to today at 2 o'clock.
We got Big Fat Bug Shombie, 6 o'clock tonight.
Big gigantic fat oozing with Cellulite Bug Shombie.
And at 10 o'clock Eddie Kaplan.
And Kaplan called it today.
Which is a nice thing of him to do, especially so early,
before he's getting up time.
I would think on a day when the track is closed.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, happy anniversary, Neil.
Thank you, sir.
I've been listening to you since the days on INZ or Nights on INZ.
Yeah.
And as for George Black, we could do a great job.
I don't care what anyone says.
You did a great job.
And I was curious.
When you go to Amsterdam, what's the price of light there?
Because you were talking about Martin Air and how during Christmas,
you can get those 199 round trips.
And I'm thinking about going around.
199?
Yeah.
I don't think it was like 299 or 399.
No, I called them.
It was, it was 199.
It was 199?
Yeah.
Round trip.
Oh man, you got to go for it.
I'm telling you, Martin Air is like a half a step.
They fly the 767s, which are as comfortable as 747.
But you also have a little bit less legroom,
but they do a really good job.
What's the price of light there?
Like the red light district?
Is it really expensive or?
For what?
Like a blow job?
Well, yeah.
Well, whatever, you know, whatever you want to do.
You're asking me what the prices are in a red light district?
Sure.
Not that much.
No, it's not that much.
I'm just going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
I'm going to say, you know,
it's the word that we give,
that is that we've got a
whole, we've got
big chunks,
not just a chunk,
but we have big big chunk.
In this audience,
in a deliverance time
that take up space in this
time they have nothing.
nothing that contribute.
say, they've got nothing on their
mind, they've got no life.
And there's one of them right there.
As soon as he started with a Howard, the moment he did,
I knew exactly where it was going, in the old crapper.
Here's the lady in heaven, sure.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
First, thanks for this exciting bid I just
heard in my ear.
That was cute.
And I wanted to wish you a very healthy, happy,
23rd anniversary.
Thank you.
And also, I think you might want to know,
I live in Hyland Park, Illinois.
Really?
And there is nobody there, not Hyland Park or Chicago,
that can compare with you.
Even in Cicero, there's nobody like me.
Oh, please.
No, but not even in a home with it.
Yeah.
But nowhere, anywhere around.
And so boring.
So I have to come here for four months every year.
Just to get away and listen to you.
I don't blame you.
And I know.
But since Joe Martin, you turned 100 years old.
Chicago has never been the same again.
You know what?
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Thank you, David.
Don Cabell.
Bye.
Two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5,
60, 0, 5, 60, on the mobile one line.
Is anybody ever going to call and tell us what also
belief means?
And there is such a word, God, then.
I think it's like prego in a padded.
It means like, there you go, like air.
Yeah, OK.
Huh?
And then why did I ask the guy in a plane yesterday
that they have all the things I asked him about housing there
and about all different kinds of things.
And everything under the world, I
discussed with this very interesting guy in the plane.
All of these things.
Except I'll do belief.
And this was a guy who, by the way,
spoke four languages, fluently.
And it's commonplace all over Europe.
I mean, even the Schleppers, three languages, four, five languages,
like they got a brain.
And I understand, by the way, Madonna,
of whom I'm no fan, as you know.
But he got into a big flap while I was gone,
because she opened up her mouth and told the truth.
She said, Europeans happen to be a lot more intelligent
and a lot less uptight.
And back here, they got all bent out of shape.
But I mean, what a concept.
How did she have to go all the tell you a truth about all of these things?
Right.
Well, it was there.
I figured why not use it again.
Huh?
I mean, you know, all of these things.
Yeah.
We got this stuff here.
Let's use it.
He's an asshole.
I did it.
I did it.
Let's use it for four hours.
Huh?
That's what it's all about.
Huh?
How's that party coming by the way, Neil?
How about the thing?
How about the thing?
I'm in the open waters like people on this.
Whoa.
You know, people are starving and Jeff Cohen went to all that effort
to put all that feast together out there.
Of course, the staff will make sure that none of it goes to waste.
You know that, especially Sam.
That's why Sam took a personal interest in being involved
in that big good doing out there.
So we can stuff his fat pace.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
She won't go down but it is up and in.
You never gonna keep the town.
She won't go down.
But it is up again.
You never going to keep it down.
She won't go down but it is up again.
You're now going to keep it down.
She won't go down.
But it is up again.
No nap, I'm gonna keep it down
He tried to what's to drink he tried a bucket drink needed hunter drink to get a rinse again
He tells that that a really nice simple door to he doesn't know what the hell he's already got more
There's no way boy no way boy
She won't go down
He's up again, you never gonna keep it down. She won't go down
I need to stop again. You never gonna keep it down. She won't go down
What is it up again? You never gonna keep it down? She won't go down
But we talk about losing the man. He's talking about school
I look happy window just got a few things in it. But he out there to a free anniversary party bash and
There's like four people wandering around and got one goes how many of more care
Like I said, there's like three people wandering around. I think one of them is same
And that's it they better invite the rest of the building than her
They already been there in fact, mate. You know something probably there were a lot of people came by and oh sorry
It's all gone
Staff already had lunch
The same one I'll guarantee that there are assholes upstairs on the third floor which I could put a period after that
I guarantee that some of those people up there who hate me like poison not to mention any names
Who probably were out there eating a suck it up the free food
Like some of the same people are went to the ratings party that you know the near Rogers rating party that he didn't attend
So I hope you enjoyed it. Okay. I'll be enjoyed it. Have some water with it
Hello
Yes, your Rogers Robin Stephanie
Stefan
Where do those names come from?
Stephanie it's like a double whammy
You still got it
Are you used to got a job are you Stephanie? Yeah, so I'm still plugging away. If you got your lips plugged in there
Yeah
Yeah, we miss you big time
I thought your lips were stuck to Rob's back home
That's what I always used to say right here. Of course he always used to say a lot of things
It's just spiritual person, you know crap crap like that
Which really made it into closet
Yeah, I'll tell you this is a good thing. You know, I leave whammy. I was how you ignored that. Yeah, I'm what are you doing now Rob?
I'm working from home. I'm a housewife
What did I tell you he's a housewife?
All he needed was a little apron on here a little apron is a good you uncovered the secrets. I know it
I'm telling my couldn't be happier. I stood at home. I cook. I clean. Yeah, she supports me
I understand it when Stephanie's over there a whammy working her lips off every night
You know David from when we are kind of like good chumlin. Yeah, but in my lips
They're busted
So what's going on?
I
Got my money out of those bastards by the way
And must have been because you left there Rob that's why they stopped
We don't have that the butcher Rob that come in here and make sure that we pay nearly every week
Got all my money out of them up front. Don't get right through the end of May
I'm telling you they're hurting for cash. That's a fact good
I was channel surfing last night a little bit and came very quickly across them
They were running PSAs in the middle of other Sunday that programming and I said
Yeah, man, I loved it. Well, I hope you're well at least. I'm doing good. I'm doing good. I'm actually producing for a universal television
Yeah, and that's definitely being treated very well
And so we're whammy. She loves whammy. Everybody that puts out over there gets treated real good out here
Yeah, that's why you're out. You gotta put up for the right people. Mm-hmm. I wasn't willing to
That's why Barry Dillard said you're out. I'm out. I'm out. Okay. Well good luck, guys
Well, thanks. We are okay. Thanks a lot and put you up
I enjoyed it. Yeah, joy to you. Yeah, joy to the greatest. Hi
boy
Oh my god, the whammy twins. What do you think they were really trying to say there huh? I have no life. Yeah
Open line in Dead County five six seven and we heard from Tom jickie
Yeah, we heard from anybody in the media see this way they can pretend oh well
We didn't write nothing about it because we forgot you know how we supposed to know we didn't happen to listen to me
He's been on vacation they never say when he's coming back right
They didn't know that march the first is the magical day when Neil Rogers came to town march first 1976 on the old WKAT
And if you push me real hard, I'll tell that boring story again about how our primer wind up by his father-in-law by in the station
Which I won't tell again because I've told it eight million times
The big news today micrinerie starts next month at a station nearby you
We don't know which station, but you'll hear it first right here on his show
Oh
Because we wish micriner's bottle nothing but the best of luck. Okay, here's the guy
It's been I mean never still afraid to rain. He was a good guy
kept his nose clean showed up there real early in the morning
Went slouching out of there right at 10 o'clock on the nose every day didn't stay around making trouble like some people do
Not to mention this place
See let me just tell you I've told you this many many times before no matter what kind of business you're in
But when people show up way way before and especially when they stay way after they're working
Is done
Those are the troublemakers. Those are those are people that are being conscientious
Those are people who are troublemakers people who are Yenthas people who are major major major
Disturbors is what they are
Just like the people we got that hang around on the stoop outside here and I underline the stoop part
Mostly female by the way
Here's Weston hello
Yes, sir
Hey, how you doing? Great
Congratulations on a wonderful is it 23 years 23 vintage race what you have done for this town in just two years
Would eclipse any of the other media and television and radio personalities in a lifetime absolutely
Correct. Thank you very much. By the way, where you were you over the over your vacation?
Amsterdam
You were an Amsterdam. Amsterdam. Did you have a wonderful time? Yes
I mean, I see my daughter's off from school today. Yeah, and I've been
Telling her about this wonderful big you got you're gonna make a request that my anniversary
Come on, buddy. It's just a joke just relax. Yeah, God you people are so uptight
So no put these in this town. Okay, you got it. Okay. Thank you, dog. Have a great day
Yeah daughter likely story it traced the call
Didn't sound old enough to have a 18-year-old daughter
We have an open line at day one and brown or five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty
Unable one line once she said she was 18
Was that it? Yes
What is new? Huh? It's a new rejoin. We don't know. He's a craze. How it places the lotion in the past
This is Gabby. Well, hi, Gabby. I'm interested in getting some operations done
Okay, and some body contouring and some liposuction
Hello, it's wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation cosmetic the best surgery face gift for all of these things
And it's wondering what was like to start with well, I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my
My thing. Okay, we don't do that. No, could you do breast implants though?
It can be done
The lotion in the basket
How much?
5,000 excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too
Laser surgery
Have the lambs stop crying yet mommy excuse me don't hurt mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first and they're all looking actually we can tell you that when we see you
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy?
If you'd like to it puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay
There is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine
Okay
Okay
My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay, let me get a little information from you. Okay
It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand it puts the lotion in the basket
Do you want to come in for a consultation for a life? What's the lotion in the basket?
Okay
Would you like to make an appointment? You want to call me back? What's the lotion in the basket?
I understand. I got my skin suit and you're probably like
Bill it puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. What's the lotion in the basket?
What you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay, I will talk to you in a
time. Okay, it puts the lotion in the basket. Hello
I'm not going to mention that on the year by the way. I just thought about that for a second would not be a good idea
So Hank is here Hank came all the way over here. Shlup to the lower end district. Wish me happy anniversary and lost 30 pounds and looks pretty damn good
Way over here. Yeah
That you know you understand why we have this microphone by the way speaking to it
The only reason that we have this microphone is because they needed the studio for two mornings during the big changeover
With the morning show. Oh, I see. Okay. Yeah, we never had a guess my the changeover. Yeah, that was fun
That was that was so fun you could write a book about that week
23 years, you know, yeah, or KAT was where it started yes you in Siddlavene Siddlavene Bill Calder
Our good friend Larry King some lobbyist once described Sid as being a perfect Siddlavene. Yeah
Oh my god
Look at this
What did you do gain some of the weight that Hank lost
Look at how he punched up there. I can't believe it here's Bob Green and my close personal friend Cheryl
He didn't fire me by the way. It wasn't him
No, it was more good. We had
Well, he always liked it both of us a lot. That's what he told me last year. Oh, I'm not that
Well, she
Whatever happened with that situation
Okay, oh she's still gonna we'll open some multi-millionaires look at you to order
No, surely
She is what some old zoo with a lot of money
Jewish well one out of two ain't bad
Okay, this is oh yeah, I'm trying to punch buttons. I can't I can't do this and have your mic open at the same time
Is that beautiful or what because then we got like a little Mickey Mouse situation going on here
Anyway, I just wanted to wish you the best thanks. Good to be with you and not again. I got a book
I'm gonna bring you by the way Dr
Do I dare say diabetes on here? Do I dare say that yeah?
Dr
What's also name of that book George?
I can't be one the diabetes book
April has any solution diabetes so I'm gonna bring it to you and believe you me
This is like the Atkins only we find this man as a genius. That's what I'm on we find right it's a doctor
Agustin over man's silent came up with this diet. It's a the book is a version of we I'll bring it great for if you have to do this
Yeah
So they just took the guy didn't cake out of here
Okay, I'm going to show us free food, you know, there you go
All right, so you're all about thanks Hank
Okay, we got the Bob and Cheryl from iod in here
astonishing man. Oh man, it goes to show you w iod oh, I hate that stage when I was trying to do it
We have an open line of date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Parting day we had like five or six of losers out there in a parking lot
Shlepping for free food. Oh, I think Bob and Cheryl may have been two of them
Okay, where we going? Now Cheryl she don't need any free food. She's loaded now just remember us sweetheart
Just remember us when times get really tough like in a couple of weeks
Here's Tamarack hello
Tamarack
How about if you pressed a button stew but Tamarack? Oh, there. Yes, sir welcome back in a happy anniversary
I think my finger got worn out and I'm stood on I'm not sure doing what but I get that working too good
Welcome back. Thank you
Foreign made cow disease good to go europe usually figure for americans. We're going to give you some horse meat
Which may be safer yeah, uh, this bill got it's in france. It's in holland. They've also destroyed her
It's in portia go the it's it's spread from england and it's getting no
Press in this country, but it's you got to be careful
With you know a lot of things
I'm gonna tell you when you're an accident and you got to be real look choosy about what meat you put in your mouth
So to speak yes George was fine. Yeah, it's an impossible act to follow what a replace and you're you and there's only ever going to be one you
Yeah, and I know this comes as a great shot, but I look at it this way
Those people who enjoy George when he fills in on the show those people will listen
Those people who don't enjoy it they can find something else to do for those four hours
Just like the people with the tapes. I knew that the tape sucked
We had nothing else to put on because it was a cheap outfit over there
And they never had anybody else to fill in
So we put the crappy tapes on plus it didn't cost anything they liked it. It was different and but the bottom line is
If you don't exactly you've said it a million times to people who call you to aid you
You don't like it. There's something else and again, you're in touch back to follow and replace that's it
I thank you for having you here and I hope you're on the year another 30 years. Thanks for being ahead. Have a great day
Okay, little suction air and little suction never hurt
So anyway Brook Daniels one of the top five thousand talk hosted America
Okay, I'm waiting to the airport leaving here or week ago Thursday
Because Hank had some he was either in a commercial break or whatever and I punched over to i.o.d
or to whatever whatever that station
I mean, you know
That's that's always a brilliant thing to do is make sure that nobody knows what your call letters are which they call it stupid talk
Which it is so it's sooth and packaging
But make sure nobody knows what the call letters are i and z and I punched over to her
She had like pump it for calls which I'm used to pump it for calls
She finally gets a couple of calls the worst ass-looking people
I mean you know my like I've said before you could put a goddamn parakeet on here and immediately they'll have a you know
At least to have it as a group of groupies within 30 seconds or less. Oh
You're the one with you wonderful exactly
Oh, look at this we got this must be a setup deals. Is this the real mix Lewis?
This is the real deal sir. How are you happy anniversary? Thank you
This is what I'm out of here. I told you a couple months ago. I thought that maybe it was a
I'm going LA on me out of here for this month. Yeah
And about the only thing I'm going to miss and this god for taking a hell is your show. Thank you, Mitch
Happy anniversary and
Let me say this to you though, okay
One thing you'll always know through your entire life until they stick you in the ground is that at least as long as I'm on a year
You'll be living
Customously in this month
You made me famous Neil. Thanks so much and have a great life best of luck Mitch. Bye. How do you like that?
Mitch Lewis he's getting out of town. Let's hear it for me
He was a little bitter last time he was here
So this is the most god for a second grotesque toilet. This is a sore. It's a dump. And I said uh-huh. Yeah
Two open lines in powered five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line still waiting for Tom jicke
By the way that great expert on radio waiting for my good post-friend Ellie Brecker another japs since we got one in the building now
Just a joke sure you can take all the abuse in the world. What do you care?
Let you hook down to some sucker with a lot of money. I mean some old you whatever he is
One thing about Cheryl she can find the Jews with the money make no mistake about that
First it was the judge then it was the chief and now who knows what the kind of um, I'm sure gonna this one is
Here probably kin to my orlansky. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil Gass. Yes, sir. Hey happy anniversary. Thank you
Hey, and your radio station the other bump into big five cocks on the radio
No, he's in rehab. Oh, he is yeah, they're drying him out somewhere
Hey, are you ever gonna play that that one where he's like drunk on the radio you played it one time a long time ago
No, did he throw that one? No, no, no
He's still party with both actors
Yes, yeah, yeah, he's still parting with both hands. Yeah, that's where they're right now. They're I have a party in their pants
Okay, pal, get a life. We have an open line to date one and Howard
5 6 7 0 5 60. Well, I wonder if my hand is sweating and wearing this goddamn
Shmata this nip cap from Amsterdam and you can understand why I would not wear this on the streets over there
Even though it's like raining. I got my umbrella. It's windy. I mean, this is just even for me a little too fruity
Looking those you think just a little bit too too de fruity for me even George is saying yes
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, three quick things number one. I'm very happy
anniversary there
Second of all
George did an excellent job
incredible job
I called them up and I told them I really confess man. I really never listened to him and uh
All the time I just started and he was great. He's getting a lot better. So you better watch out
I mean, he's no more Daniel
He's good. He's he's almost there almost there
Uh, third thing I called you a few months ago and I told that I was going to Europe
And uh, totally that I was going to Italy. Yeah, uh, France. Yeah, and
And I didn't believe you then. Yeah, no, no, no
I'm going to Italy, France and then I'm going to London. Oh, yeah, you told me they stink
No, I changed the trip and now I'm the friend to think that's just because they don't use any soap
Right. Well, Spain and Italy. They keep dropping it. Yeah, and I'm gonna be spending two weeks over there
But the majority of the time I'm gonna be spending in Italy. Yeah, is
Okay, that's fine. What is that?
Can you what is that okay? Is that fine? I mean, can you fart in Italy? Yeah
I'm gonna actually I'm going to brush it on a full time cheese. Yeah, brush it on for three days
And then the rest of the time I'll spend it all in Italy just going around maybe visit the Pope, you know
Okay, well listen have a great time and they give me a big kiss for us. What does that say?
All he'd record I thought this thing that the printout there is so uh
Paint either that or I ate too much of that goddamn cake you always know
You always know when the powers that they are trying to get ready
Is when they bring in a big big cake on any day they can find excuse on your birthday on your anniversary
They bring in a big rich cake with like loads and loads of real goofy stuff on top which you're just eating with your finger and shoveling in your post
Here's our jappy friend Ellie Brecker. I heard you summon me and who gives the best tongue in town by the way
Is that what I'll told you yeah
In fact, you know something oh yeah, this is don't take this personally, but you and I can see I possibly is there, you know
You know you want to hear something truly frightening you're not the first person
Yeah, I just think something there something very a Jewish kind of a
Oh, you know, but I'm so small. I mean just you know do the physics on that
Yeah, don't do the physics
Knowing you honey you ought to be the expert on physics
Excuse me. I know my mother is
How is she she's great? I'm glad you're neurotic and psychotic is ever. Yeah, but you shouldn't be talking about nursing homes
You know, I mean fun. I mean funny. You should mention that because I woke up this morning
Those were the first two words that came to my mind nursing home. It just keeps resonating through my mind. Oh, it's over
Yeah, I don't know why you know that's so mean. I mean she's gonna get very sick lump
Yeah
Well, maybe Cheryl will come over and comfort her and have an invite herself to lunch again someday
Where did Cheryl find this ritual?
She's met some ritual Jew who's gonna
Take her off to New York and she's making millions and millions and millions and then she'll tell that niche
Weenah thing or two when she gets done. How did she find this guy? You you're asking me
Probably like she found her one of her other husbands in a gay bar somewhere really yeah, she leads a very exciting life
She likes to get around
Well, tell up my friend Tom jick at the other paper there and tell him to get with it. I
Ellie
Okay, we have an open line and she doesn't know the name of the other paper open-line and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pond 5 60 on the mobile one line
I would with another edition of America's bottom 40 brought to you by the oxy five companies newest acne medication
oxymoron 5 for simple free teenagers
To be a little quicker on a tape boy
We've got the worst songs in America and we're counting them down
Wreckage toys are showing them
For some unknown reason you're buying them and I'm using them as coasters
First let's review the top three songs on the charts and number three guns and roses are singing sweet child of mine
Well, if I had a child around the house today, I'd have these four words for lead guitar and flash and his chords
Stay the hell away
And
Number two you who says they're eating a ribbon in a perfect world and especially not for you reasons you don't speak proper English
And a number one George Michael sings. He's got a monkey on his back. Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there
But then again you probably don't mind
And by the way George there are these remarkable shaving instruments called razor
I won and lose that silly
Other songs on the charts the band Johnny H. Jazz with I want to be a hero is moving down on the charts and deservedly so
Apparently Johnny also hate music
I don't think hero status is eminent Johnny so get a real job
And there is a song I like Rod Stewart's newest release forever young and for a moment I thought it was a song about me forever hung
Now it's time for a long distance dedication
It comes to us from a listener and Pasadena, California to write to your Casey. I'm 16 years old
President of my class from six foot two. I've blonde here way
175 pounds and started quarter back for my high school dean
The Casey I have a problem the girls
Sampling will not leave me alone
It seems as though I've they want me for his my grid looks my excellent physique
Why can't they just like me as a friend treat me as a person instead of some sex object and quit hitting upon me all the time
Casey do you have any suggestions?
Signed odd. Well, here's my answer
Dear flaming hobo
I
Can't wait to come back from my
Amsterdam vacation and there was one guy standing there with this morning quarter to ten right on the dot
Ask me one question. Were you fudge back in and I said no
Jim Mandage hey nail how you doing 23 years
I'm gonna be fine. Oh, right
Yeah, I guess that's the way I got a look at it
Thanks for the all the publicity yesterday by the way
Hey, congratulations
What's the key? What's the secret? What's the key? Just keep plotting. Do you know how horse has blinders on?
That's how you do it in spite of the management the audience the population of the town
You just keep forging right ahead baby. Stay one step ahead of the posse you got
That's the best I got
Listen, that's uh for this price. That's all we deserve. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Congratulations
Take care
Mad dog man. It's Jerry's almost like tongue-tie. You know what I said? He was like uh, she that man's a freak
Yeah, a little tongue-tie. Well, you know when you deal with greatness
Plus when you deal with the Spartans
Okay, what's now? What is this car? Oh, this is from our friend Ron from the whammy the whammy people are coming through for us today
Ron and Stephanie sound like they were playing little grab ass not necessarily with each other
And then we had the bobbin chiehrlin here for their little appearance
We had Mitch Wien on a phone. We had the earlier Jennifer Rem Henry barrel. Micron Erie's coming back to the airway somewhere soon
We had Ellie Brecker. You know, I always okay
Oh my god. Are you kidding me? Talk about a voice from the past
No
He got me. I don't take any credit for your success. No, no man majors the one that made me what I am today
Bro
Sanu exactly
Hey speaking of Casey Casey. I was out in at the NAB in Seattle a couple months ago. Yeah, he was right doing one
He was right in front of me going up the escalator and I got real close behind him
Yeah, and I just said ponderous man. I'm telling ponderous. Let me tell you that Lebanese gas
It'll kill you every time that's what these really say every single time. Hey, I was listening to the last team this morning
Yeah, one of the funniest things I've heard in quite some time
Goldie imitating Erkel
Is that like the kettle calling the black kids something? Yeah calling the black kid is sponsored right
Hey, congratulations
Thanks, EJ
Talk to you say how to DJ you got a bad old J. See yeah, what those were the days huh?
Yeah, those were the if I had to pick the one year man and say the year that was the year, baby
Of course there was this last year. There was a opal-on and brown or five to seven oh five sixty
And pomp five sixty on the 18t wireless line
So Hank was in here. He's glad to be out of that toilet over there
And by the way, that's another thing they can thank me for
Which they won't directly but they can a young hero and tea you can bet your life on it
That if it weren't for the fact that I forced them to build a studio over here all those plans
They've been here at about for two years about being up on the third floor
Well, they be would they be up there now? No, not a china monshanson hill by the way. Yes. The food has been held over
For at least another 15 20 minutes. Yeah, because we haven't laid right let me take a look and see if we got a lay right
So we'll have there
But there's nobody that means that the rest of the staff has that a chance to go down here and hazard it up a little bit
There's not a dog out there
I'll guarantee you some of the old parts from the condo next door. I guarantee you they saw free food
I'll be lying they haven't they haven't moved that quickly since their last bout of
Diary at 20 years ago
Here's a lady in plantation hello hi me. Oh, yes, ma'am happy poor him and happy anniversary
Thank you. What a combination it sounds like you're having a fun party in your studio there
Yeah, I can't believe there's nobody in your parking lot party. There is in one person out there
Everyone who is living there are people serving behind the
tables out there. There is in one eater
Are you are you serious? Yes, I mean if everyone who listened to you and polluting me was down there
I mean there wouldn't be any replace the park. Yeah
Well, we're not in probably you know, I choice part of town for our audience
Well, yeah, you should have it at your house in plantation. I would love to you
Um, you know, I have to tell you that
Of besides enjoying you so much you are so right about I miss in the morning and every time I see him
I think of the dead man in the tier that you say about him and it is so funny
And I also have to say that I can't believe by now
That some snow from up north that works with a big network hasn't come to Florida with his family and he's sitting on the beach
You've turned in the radio channel. He's trying to find something to listen to and he comes upon you
And says this is the guy we've been looking for
Because you should be everywhere. Yeah, my girlfriend and Phoenix listens to Howard keeping things funny
I said Nancy you have no idea what you're missing. She's coming here at the end of the month
I cannot wait from 10 to 2 we are going to be listening to you
I mean these people in other parts of the country don't even have a clue to what it's funny
If they think I miss is funny or Howard is funny
They I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna have no education during award on your penis. I mean just nothing entertaining about him anymore
What is interesting about your son sleeping on your hairy chest? Yeah, brother
Fred and ranch on you got next to yourself. He's so self-graciating with this ranch and who
He's not even interesting
All I do is picture you on there and think why isn't everyone in New York and all these big plates
Seeing the O'Rider's this just kills me. I thought for sure you'd be discovered on whammy
I find you that was the problem. I think that was that was the end of my career was being on whammy
Yeah, that should have been the beginning. That was the kiss of death. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Thanks for the
All right, well you have a wonderful wonderful day and another wonderful year and I'll call you
Probably in one year or maybe before and have a wonderful life
Thank you. See you. Why do you want to know a great movie really funny that I saw
Like about three in the morning on bbc
One of the great things over there is that you could all these four line watch or bbc
That is a four language because they can't speak it
But seriously even on the Dutch channels they have these four language movies that are not dubbed in but they have subtitles
So you can hear the original English and you can enjoy because you understand it
It was a Steve Martin movie with somebody that I cannot stand Charles Grodon
But Charles Grodon was great in this movie because he didn't have to act he played himself
He was a sad sack. There were like two lonely guys who had no
Don't you know the movie I'm talking about the lonely guy who's that it? Well, I had to be it
Yeah, that's old
I saw it on a TV channel at three o'clock in the morning. I didn't say it was like a new movie mister
I had never seen it before wasn't bad. It was it was great
I don't even think I can remember it now only there's one thing in there
They all kept jumping off the Manhattan bridge. There's no such bridges the Manhattan bridge is there
Isn't it the George Washington bridge last time I checked
And I kept racking my brain. What the hell is the goddamn Manhattan bridge where everybody jumps off
They don't jump off a Manhattan bridge. They jump off the goddamn Brooklyn bridge or the George Washington bridge like William Holden in network, right?
Yes
Thank you
Good movie though 10 minutes after one and five sixty QM
All right
And
there
Se  There sounds real coupon bewilder
Bourdie
Okay
Case en communications one of the
And talkers magazine rag you would even wipe somebody else's ass for top bad news
But top 100 the most important 100 talkers in America of which I'm embarrassed that I'm on the list
Brook Daniels makes the cut okay
Brook Daniels is one of the top hundred the most influential the most important talk radio people in America
Still Henry according to this is not are you sure oh well if it says so in talkers magazine you know you know must be a pilot
grab
I'm a serious that a strap water saber to a goddamn tree and
Just and stick 400 pounds of elephant droppings on a son a couple hundred copies of this rag and just wipe him and just lather him down with it
Here's a mobile in pompano hello
anniversary
Thank you
Congratulations, you spoke about Dr. Bernstein three months of
And that's the name of the book Hank Dr. Bernstein
Delighted solution wait a minute not three months. I'm waiting to see this guy. I go on Wednesday
Do you know what his program is no?
13 hours one on one with a doctor Wednesday Thursday and Friday. Yeah
Looking forward to it. I'll let you know what happens
13 hours with the doctor. I don't even get 13 minutes with the doctor
I'm gonna go on when you're going this week. Yeah, when's the
appointments at noon and you finish up by the one o'clock this guy that book is sensational
I mean, it's not easy to do but he's got it out of a science. Yeah, the guy's good. Yeah, looking forward to it
I'll give you a report. There's a guy's going to see the doctor. Oh
By the way, and you know since you mentioned doctors that thing gone from your no
Better here every day a little bit better a little bit worse
And I do think that maybe it was the Adlet but if anybody tells you that it takes a couple of days for a prescription
Drug to get out of your system
Right out of the room out of the building off of the planet come get out of here takes weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks
Some time. Okay, maybe like a couple of months. I'm thinking
But I've told you this before and I'll tell you again if you can find a doctor even a doctor who's incompetent at least
If I'll spend some time with you at least you'll feel better about it
But finding a doctor in this town is better that gives you more than just the usual lick and a smear and doctor feel good and
Where's my red nose to plug on my patch Adam's though? That's it. That's what you get here. You get nothing a lick and a smear
Speaking of a lick and a smear here's the expurgers rich pacter so there's three bridges that go across
Between Brooklyn and Manhattan you got one bridge Brooklyn bridge the two washed in bridge
Oh George Washington bridge goes to Jersey you Rochester guy you that's right and
Brooklyn bridge Manhattan bridge and the Williamsburg bridge
But a Manhattan bridge is not a famous bridge. Well not Rochester
I guess no and not anywhere. I mean if you said the George Washington bridge to anybody in America that's got an IQ larger than your head
You know they know where it is
Okay, I guess if you said the Manhattan bridge they figured it wouldn't be in Kansas, so they know where that was too
Well, they'd be near the midtown wall. Yeah, there you go. Anyway, happy anniversary
I think it's between the Radysman Park and Cobb Hill no doubt no down near any shophouse right all right
Right near a mama Moorys enough. I give up
Anyway, have a happy and I unlike everyone else. I don't wish you another 30 years play out the contract and
Right exactly. Thanks. Thank you. I'll see you
So there is a Manhattan bridge. Yes, Virginia. There is a Manhattan bridge and yes
There are those of us who are not from New York City and very proud of it by the way
Open line at day five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on the AT&T right are we gonna do something between today and tomorrow about this overhead
I got to cranked up so so high
You know what I'm saying was it like this all last week you work like this I
Guess I mean how would I do? Yeah, good point
So George's what do I know
Here South Beach hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a great story for you last week
Couple weeks before you went on your vacation you're talking about
Pharmacy problems when you go and get your prescriptions or try to yeah, well, I don't experience going into the bank
As soon as it happened to me, I thought of you and I ran to call but you are on vacation
So here's the story I go over to my
Local bank to make a deposit I
Walk up to the teller and she's standing there the managers over her back and they're kind of giggling having a good time
And I put my deposit flip down on the counter it says 180 and then I put $200 deals on top of it and
She looks up. She looks at me. I'm looking at her and I'm waiting and she says to me
So your deposit flip says 180 and I look down and said yes, that's right. It does say 180 and she's continued staring at me
And I'm wondering what's going on. She wants some changes. That's the idea. She didn't know what to do
I'm saying oh my god
I said to her what is the problem here? She's looking at me. I said man. It says 180 I gave you $200
What is the problem? Oh my god? I mean I couldn't believe it. I was stunned. I didn't know I
Was I was like in shock. I was like is this happening in my dreaming this? Yeah, I mean and this is like a young woman 24 25 years old
I'm saying I'm thinking my god. I got a call
This is like so typical South Florida and I'm looking at her like what's the problem? You should have just said keep the change
Yeah, that was the story. Thank you. What have said okay?
I've looked at a guy before I've got a shake in my head going
What is going on here welcome to Florida sir?
Exactly land of the lost near
Congratulations. Thank you many more and thank you very much and by the way, we have open line of day one and
No, seriously I've been straining because this overhead is so a screw up or maybe because I have this thing too low
I don't know what it is well
You know when you've been away for a few days you forget this crap
5 6 70 5 60 pound 5 60 on the ATT. Oh, you mean you weren't worth thinking about the radio station while you were gone
You were thinking about your work. You're not that dedicated
No
In fact the only time I ever did think about this place
It made me very angry and so I immediately forced myself to think about more pleasant things
Like anything
Made me very very angry almost as angry as when I see a name on the board
My god, and you know something I bet you're similar. I have that card, but I don't have any idea where it is
Would you get off that line for Christ's sake so I can put her on?
I'm just dying to get her on so I can get her off. I mean Irene
Irene Richard. Thank you. I miss you so much. Yeah
Only talented entertaining person on the radio to listen to at least I still get to listen to you
Well, wow what about you that me what have I done to deserve this suction?
It's a slow news deck
Hi, how are you great? Well, so how it goes it it's how does that travel show coming? Yeah
Yeah, that travel show
That travel show is looking at bud at the games, you know the
I had forgotten that until just this moment in the whole scenario with that travel show
It was great. Well, it lasted
But they couldn't just say to you of course that's the typical Peter Bolger way of doing everything
But they couldn't just say we hate you like poison go away. They had to fight games with you
They always do a story of what went down with that no that was a Harry Valentine special
Well, that's right
He wanted you to have a guest on and you refused to have somebody that was the smirring him for something
He wanted me to do two things that I refused to do right he wanted me to pretend I had been to places
I hadn't been yeah, I'm like what do you want me to do that?
Why don't I just give away a trip or why don't they just buy advertising? Well, he wanted you be another caring K
I guess I had one in my mouth once yeah
If I guess well, he said well if you're not going to pretend you've been to a rubah
I'm gonna have a real problem with that. I said well, that's your prerogative
Well, if you're not going to pretend you've been to a rubah then I might have to cancel the travel show
When you sat down when we first met you you said you were gonna cancel all the specialty shows. Yeah
Well, I might cancel it sooner. Oh, I'm scared. I was basing my whole career on this. He's an asshole
Well, where is he now back in Orlando where he belongs?
He's drinking diet Pepsi out of a bottle on a street corner somewhere in Orlando
On orange and trill I don't know how you do it. I do not know how you do it when you stop and think of all the assholes
You have to survive that's that's the one thing I think that I'm always proud of is that I've been able to survive and
succeed, you know even be as these people have drifted off in a never-neverland ever to be seen again
The Steve Nichols and the boy Gearies of the world and the Walter Stables and Harry penis
Wherever do they wind up you know in the 19 years. I was at love. I had 14 program directors
I think maybe three of them are employed. Yeah
But you know, that's the main thing just surviving through you know the the ages of this industry and it's just kitten worse
By the way, I was at the driver Mc Donalds this morning to get my egg McMuffin and Greg V. D'Alsa's high
You know that's not funny. It's true. I know. You know, he's waiting tables somewhere on university drive it
No, it's on it's on uh is it a chill he's now it maybe he moved up he was working as a sterling country kitchen on the
Early road he was I know that's so terrible here's a guy he was the guy that used to put the
Fizzy water glasses on the table for the client cap
I mean, that's what these funny, but I know but it's true
Right, it's not funny. Yeah, you know, he used to think he used to always have that thing where he thought everybody hated him
And then of course it turned out we did
Well, you know he and I have always had a real hate hate. So what
Well, at least you like the bird anyway
Have a great day Irene. Thank you. I'm really see you and George you did a fabulous job when you're with gun. I always love you
I tell
Okay, two open line put a lot of suction today hang on to your speakers real tight boys and girls heavy heavy suction
That's okay, but I don't want to I'll be gone and be back to normal
Five by the way who blew up all the balloons who put all the hot air in those balloons, huh
Huh
I don't want to mention Sam the shan
26 after one I had a great line for that you know something else
All right, that pressure is starting to build up and I just thought I wasn't even thinking realizing that I'd eaten pizza
Loft this morning and already wow
I'm having visions of two o'clock better get here real soon
Lee cow errands coming
Squirt Squirt
Oh
We been talking about
As it's got to pull out now
Well, works for Texas. No
You fight way before hair
You think that it's a bummer
When the Henry's gone are you sure
They had a run and run
I sense upon again Christian
Right as he can be
You want to change the stations
Letters WGOT now will work for
He's a brand new star
I'm gonna work from Texas
I'll make the sign of the drop
Yeah
Neil Rogers is my lover okay 133 or 560 QM here is the world famous Joe paparazzi. Hey, how you doing?
The I'll be oh thank you of the uncle's run and Ron show yeah used to be anyway right
They're up in Daytona now I think together
Well Ronnie and Fedsie are I believe yeah, you know and uh, I don't know if they have any affiliates from here
But that's the last matter. I hear so many different stories about them
I hear that first de i's went to Costa Rica somewhere to do his body building thing or some crap like that
But he's on the air I think it's more richy in new port richy. I think so yeah. He's moving up in the world, huh?
Wow
So how goes it so how do they screw you over there? Well, they didn't really I mean when when clear channel bought
Bought cash and over they dropped the show right and they kept me on and I stayed for about
Seven or eight more months pushing buttons for our intel
For Alice ran tell
Wow
And uh, I just thought it was just to get out of the
Yeah, that would do it generally that Alice level push right over the edge well after 10 years
I miss it, but you made the right choice. Yeah, I think so
Well, I just wanted to wish you happy anniversary. Excellent. Excellent timing by the way. I heard that
Lucky vibrations
All the best news and same to you all right, but there you go. He's pretty good guide Joe paparazzi
He was the one of the producers on around around so there's another show they had a cast about 700 people running around no ratings
eight guys eight guys do a show that had like in fact they had like a quarter of a uh, let's see
No, an eighth of a point. What was it a 20th of a
For each guy in a show and then of course Tommy Kramer
There was the sugar in the wood pile Tommy Kramer. By the way, Tommy didn't do drugs back when everybody else was doing drugs
He didn't do him. He just looks like he did him
We have an open-minded Broward five six seven oh five sixty my good friend Carol from center one was here to bring me a taxi
I don't need buddy nevans. I don't need you. I don't need Tom jica. I don't need my good friend Ellie Brecker
Anybody at the local media to recognize all the money and the good work I did for center one this year again and all day
A money we raised for charity every year because here's my plaque a
Nice beautiful plaque from center one and I thank you Carol and we'll be looking forward to doing again in the fall
That's all I need some recognition for the people that I'm helping out
I'm expected from anybody else in this town because nobody appreciates anything nobody recognizes the good stuff you do
You know if you if you fart and it doesn't smell quite the right flavor then it's a headline in the newspaper
Oh my god. He has got he's got bad gas
He must have had a bad bullet grits which gave him the
Maybe there was a pizza lot. Why isn't it every time I think of pizza off
If there's this little quaking that goes on down there
Here's a call from Naples. Hello
Hi, yeah, Rhymes with
No, I mean why would you come back home rhymes with why yeah
Why would I come back home
Trogler did it Neanderthal knuckle dragging Pat Robertson Jerry's four-wall country. Yeah
Good question good good thing I didn't think about that too much. It's skip a little bit
I probably said nah here here's some uh somebody else have this ticket
Oh and by the way we're our late coming back on Martin Air not their fault
Maybe somebody can explain this to me
Erwin everything's going on time they're boarding the plane on time everything's going along just fine
And then we get to the point where it's about you know take off time and the captain comes on and says and is the best Dutch and then English and then
Trimman because there's a lot of crowds on the plane too
He says that uh, well, you know
We're all set to go but we have to wait because there are two passengers who had their luggage
Stowed okay, but they haven't shown up yet
So we leave an hour late. I'm not even sure if they really did wind up showing up
But how does that happen? How do you go to the airport you check in because in all international flights you have to check in
You can't get a boarding pass in advance you check in you check your luggage
And then you just vanish
Once you're in the bar waiting could that be it
Open line of day two and brown or five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Did I miss somebody important down there do we have some celebrity that I missed huh
Are you are you here's bokeh hello
Neil yes sir happy anniversary. Thank you
Who's that nice call from rumor about your anniversary rumor is sick
Oh, he's sick. I spoke to rumor last night. He's real sick. He's probably like can't say but right right probably at the
Doctor
Okay, don't knock somebody else. Okay, don't knock my good-close personal friend Rima. I need to name a good doctor if you ever finds one
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line in fact if anybody out there knows a real doctor
I'm not talking about the kind you know the feel good kind
Who say oh why do you don't need me or definitely is this one?
How do you know what it is when you look at somebody like put your hand on their face and like there?
You know just uh, I don't get it
I mean I know I'm not that attractive of a human being that you want to sport too much, but you know give me at least a pretext of
Of an examination. Don't take any bullshit on them
Zidle WB the premiere of where my woman at follow the hilarious misadventures of a white feeder and his battered woman
As she never gets the dinner on the table on time Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston star with special guest
Oh Jay it's tonight on the WB
You know fat rich reminds me of my mother speak of the devil 1702 at five 60 Q and mr. Rich mr. Rich
Welcome back and happy anniversary. Thank you
Mr. Crowberg Kramer sends his regards really?
Two-thirds I wasn't there last week but the two-thirds the day you left
You had like five or six winners. I said to Derek or if it's eight nil his timing is always
Sorry my life. I was a daylight in the dollar sure
But I'll be here this Thursday night and uh, hopefully we get back on the right track if I made a nice deposit list
Did you see about the big race in Saturday?
No, I didn't
149 and four fifths
Wow track record
Where was this at top of park they had that big hundred and fifty thousand dollar
Race on Saturday. So you have much I've been keeping track Joe Anderson. I can't I already threw it out
I can't take the name of the horse 149 and four the three quarters in 122 flan
We got to get a copy. I got to get a copy of the tape. Yeah, that would be great
All right, but we'll see you Thursday many more uh, you know, well, not too many more years at doing this but
Uh, because I know where you're coming from. I'd actually like to move out there to answer them. Yes, sir
At a point in fact, I alcoholed earlier today. He's got an apartment for me there. Yeah, I know he does
Uh, if you can just get the key to work, it'll be great. There you go. I'll see you Thursday. Okay, wait. Let's take here
Okay, the famous fat rich everybody and their brothers on here today including some people we never heard of before
Well, they all like jumping out of bedwagon. You know how that is even Jerry Sullivan
Jerry Sullivan's a good guy. The only you see the problem in life is that sometimes your impressions of people are based on events beyond their control
The last time I saw Jerry Sullivan he was standing in the control room at iod on the worst day of my life
The worst show in history. Could you narrow it down a little? No, you weren't that I think this is before your time
You remember Jerry Sullivan do you just from the shallow traffic
No, no, but
In fact one of the reasons is the worst day of my life is because Marvin was working
So that in itself explains a lot
But Jerry Sullivan for whatever reason he decided to go in there and watch my show as I died
I mean a wicked airy crank airy nutcase. I couldn't buy a real call for a thousand dollars for fifty thousand
Don't just one of those days in the big city
But here's the fact Jerry says congratulations on 23 years
I'm sure it doesn't seem like more than 50 to you
It's hard to remember time and software to when you weren't top dog in video
Again, oh again
Again, congratulations from the originator of news cruiser 610
Yeah, that's when Jerry was the PD one day and the next day they kind of demoted him a little bit
He was driving the news cruiser overnight to the four in the morning something like that
That's the business baby. Don't get in it stay out of it
What does that say?
Abe Lincoln. Oh Bob Lincoln. Well, it's the same age. Hey Bob
Hey
It's just time flies when you have a good time. It's like yesterday, but congratulations. Thank you
How's that next? How's that next travel book coming?
We're doing fabulous. I got one for you
So I'll get it over and I also put in you put you down to have one sent directly
Now let me ask you something you get all these great deals. You're always faxing me
Which I give you a free plug once in a while to show I haven't lost my sense of humor
But all these great martinair deals to
You name right, but I guess they never do any other no discounts in the star class, huh?
Uh, no
They don't if you go to Brussels on the other one I can get you a deal on city bird
Uh, yeah, on city bird. I know I hear that's a real good airline and they use better planes than martinair
I hear they use like seven forty seven right and they're doing a real nice job. Are they?
Yeah, also I can get you a super deal bumped up to
Business class no problem if you go virgin air and then fly over
To answer them
If you go virgin air they go to to London right yeah, but you would have to go to wherever you would want to go answer them
Be it but I can get you a death leg. I can get you for sure bumped up to
business class right
You know my uh my new partner or huge fans of you excellent. Yeah
So anyway, Neil I just uh, you know, I've been listening to you for at least 18 years and uh, just keep knowing
Billing it the right way if right I was just thinking over the weekend
Maybe it was yesterday coming back on a plane
I thought you know, I'd probably lift a 100 if it weren't for that bobbling and who wants to live that long anyway
Thanks a lot bob. Thank you. Take care
Yeah, you only took what 20 30 years off my life. He's a good guy though
He means well just uh, you know, so what are we going again? Yeah, wouldn't we go into Vegas again?
Anybody want to go? No open-line itbroward 567 05 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line boy. I tend to that pizza lock
Oh, man. It's just working. Remember that song working my way back through you by the four seasons
Man just ever so slowly
Here's a cross-bring. Hello happy anniversary. Thank you and many more
How do you like this star-studded cast today? Yeah speaking of stars
You are a bright star in a universe of mediocrity in a universe of darkness
Absolutely. I don't want to give you any more examples because I've already done that but I called with a couple of programs
First of all did you know that Alice Rantelle is going to be on politically incorrect some night this week? Oh, I thought that was oh
Yeah, and also on HBO
Monday, March 15 11 o'clock on HBO America undercover
Private Dix men exposed and it's just what you think it is wow
It's a documentary about
Private Dix all right
Probably most of it to fill their wasteland. I don't know. Okay. I got to see one last thing. Yeah when Cisco died last
Saturday a week. You know, I believe right. I was at work and I couldn't pick up anything on the radio and
So when I got out of work at 11 o'clock at night. I went to tune in on the all-new station
Uh-huh. That's supposedly all news 24 hours a day seven days a week. Right. I got sports overnight America
WIOD oh, I hate that station right yeah late limited
Anyway again happy anniversary and I'll be keep on listening. Thanks. Thank you. Anyway speaking of
Dick or whatever he was talking about
Did you see 60 minutes last night which I only saw the first segment and then we're talking about the lobbyist and about the
Yeah, and morally safer they kept making it more and more obvious that he was going on a way
We forward to one guy is the big pecker and then the other peckers. Did you know is that
Huh
Yeah morally safer had like a uh pecker fetish last night on that show
