4th radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show
The Toscanale called 560-560 toll free in Miami Tade and Rowered or power 560
at your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, the guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
Beasley read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QAM.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
If you love George Martin's recent farewell CD in my life featuring famous Beatles tunes recorded by such tone-depth celebrities as Jim Carrey, Robin Williams, Goldie Hahn and Sean Connery,
you'll absolutely flip over his newest last adventure.
In my life, volume 2, the follow-up to the original CD he had no business making in the first place.
Here Jack Nicholson, I am the A-man.
We are the A-man. I am the Wal-Rez, Coo-Coo-Coo-Free-Coo-Man.
George Martin's in my life, volume 2 also features Jerry Lewis.
Hey, lady, Madonna, children at your feet.
Paul Reiser.
I'm taking.
Love your take.
Is he equal to the love?
You wait.
This is what I'm saying.
Is it just me?
Here's your George Cokes the Best out of Matthew Chandler-Perry from France.
Could there be more lonely people?
So what are you waiting for?
Pick up George Martin's in my life, volume 2 today.
After all, it's easier than flying to New York to submit on John Lennon's grave.
This is Tom Broca in New York.
I read the news today.
Oh boy.
I'll see you tonight.
Hey, it's 10-02-5-50WQ.
I'm going to put this overhead.
I just can't get this thing straightened out.
Since they came down here and screwed up our studios last week.
Thank you guys.
Speaking of screwing things up.
It's always great to try to blame somebody else.
You know, when you screw up, you screw up.
Like a couple of days ago, I sit here like a Jackass.
I said Lawrence Taylor was her running back.
You have to be a moron.
Even George knows that's not well.
You don't know that.
But at any rate, you know, I screwed up.
But don't try to blame somebody else.
So 820, I'm coming to work.
And here's Galdy doing the update.
And when they believe Swamlife, they were leading their division with 64 points.
And I said, boy, I only wish.
That sounds good to me.
And of course, at that point, I realized that he's reading out of the newspaper.
Because I had already seen that this morning.
The error in the Sun sentinel.
See, that's what you're not admitting, Galdy.
And I'm going to say that when you did your updates this morning, right up until somebody must have tipped you off on this,
giving you a heads up as they like to say today.
But that's another cliche that I just loved.
Can we get closure on that heads up?
Huh?
No, certainly.
Can we do due diligence to get rid of some of these cliches?
That's another good one.
Due diligence.
We did our due diligence.
Well, what is that?
You know, when you come right down to it?
But at any rate, he evidently didn't do his due diligence.
Because he's supposed to be the hockey maven among those three this morning.
And I'd show.
Is it any?
No, supposed to be.
And anybody who's really following the game would understand that it's been see saw back and forth.
Ottawa one two nights ago.
They had 60 points.
Leaves had 59.
It went last night.
I got 61.
I realize it's nitpicking.
But when you're reading stuff out of the newspaper, you're going to get burned.
Not that I don't read stuff out of the newspaper.
I just take it with 10 grains of salt.
Boy, this overhead really blows.
But at any rate.
You know, and here's the Sun Sentinel saying Toronto 64 points.
Ottawa 58.
Both numbers are wrong.
And like a Geldy finally said later on when he was trying to cover his tracks.
They got him in the article there being in the Northwest, the Vignance, the Northeast.
More mistakes.
This time from the Sun Sentinel.
Both your Bush league newspapers.
Just mistake after mistake after mistake.
If you're looking for information in either one of these newspapers, you probably won't get much, if any.
And this is the kind of so-called journalism I should get when you're dealing with children.
With little being people.
You look at the various people we've spoken to over the years from the newspapers.
And like I said, here's the fall rating book for radio comes out.
How about a week ago on Monday it was now?
This is Wednesday, like 10 days ago.
Tomorrow will be 10 days.
Oh yeah, tomorrow will be 10 days, by the way.
Ha!
As in, that check should be due for me tomorrow.
Now George, that's another story.
But at any rate, so 10 days ago the thing comes out.
And has there been an article in the newspaper in a hero?
No.
In the Sun Sentinel?
No.
In the Palm Beach Post?
No.
Any word down here about the fall rating book?
I mean, yes, there are people who care about these things.
Of course, it's good for me because that means more people have to tune into this show to find out what the ratings are.
Because those papers have decided, well, we can't be bothered with that.
Right, Tom Jicke?
I mean, what are we going to do with Tom Jicke?
He's not a bad guy.
You know, every now and then he writes something nice about me.
But when you come right down to it.
He's body stupid!
Exactly.
And as far as the hero does consider, they don't have some kid from off the street for $3 an hour who even owns a radio.
Much less can write something about it.
So, you know, I don't want to, what's sure I do?
Yes, I do want to do a lot of things.
Because it bears out everything I always say.
Bush League, maybe.
Toronto's got 64 points, right?
No.
And Jelie's sitting there reading it right out of the newspaper, passing along bad misinformation.
And then all of a sudden somebody tips him off, I guess what?
You screwed up, baby.
The sun sent those way off.
I mean, way out of it.
See, I know what's going on, Jelie.
Because last night, I watched a very entertaining Pittsburgh Buffalo game.
So, that game in its entirety.
Watched a little bit of that Phoenix Calgary game which went up to, and went to the audio.
That's, since the least Tampa game was on television available here.
And listen to it on radio a little bit here and there.
How do you like that?
See, that's a real fan.
That's a real hockey fan.
Now, that's something that's reading some crap out of the newspaper getting it wrong.
And speaking of reading stuff out of a newspaper.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
I go home yesterday and they interrupt.
Whatever was on it, interrupt.
And here's a press conference and here's Walter Payton.
I'm going to George, of course, wouldn't know Walter Payton from Sandy Payton.
Although he's got a better son, Tan.
But nevertheless, there's Walter Payton.
Now, yes, you know, Walter Payton was a great running back Chicago Bears.
No, he was not aligned back over Virginia.
He was a great running back.
In fact, that's our poll question.
Who is the bear's greatest all-time running back?
Gail Sares or a Walter Payton?
Isn't that our poll question today?
No.
Of course not.
But anyway, so he's on there and you've got to feel bad for anybody that's, you know, got some kind of a physical thing.
But that's the way the Lord works, you know.
He works in mysterious ways.
And he's holding a press conference and his spokesman is asking.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Especially that liver part.
We're there without the bacon and onions.
By the way, are we supposed to talk about our friend who's sick in hospital?
Are we not supposed to, uh, I don't know.
Well, I can mention just in generic terms.
Sure.
Somebody connected with food.
Huh?
It's not Wayne Arnold.
It's not Jeff Cohen.
But somebody who's been a good friend of ours for years and is in the hospital.
We wish him the very best.
And he's, he's real sick.
He's got real serious problems.
And this is your God.
This is God works in mysterious ways again.
Here's Walter Payton on air.
He needs a liver.
He needs because he's got this very rare disease, which he wants you to understand.
And his spokesman wants you to understand too.
It's not from not from drinking.
It's not cirrhosis.
Doesn't have some kind of a liver disease connected with drinking or with HIV God forbid.
Or with, uh, he named like eight under about four million other things that it was not caused from.
It's a rare liver disease and needs a transplant to live.
And people with this disease, which is caused.
What do they call it?
Primary sclerosing.
Coling.
Colingitis.
Effects just three and a hundred thousand people.
And unfortunately for Walter, he be one of them.
The cause of the disease, which blocks the bile ducts is unknown, but isn't related to alcohol, steroids, hepatitis.
I mean, deficiency.
Uh, still on a freight train or any of these other things.
I found what I'm saying.
Just make sure you have a list so that you do understand that he's got this horrible disease, but it's not connected with.
Part of these things or any of the above.
And unless he gets a, that says, the patients and patents conditions, survive an average of two years, unless they receive a liver transplant.
Now, I'm not going to want to be one of those people to jump on the bandwagon and start, you know, assuming that he's getting preferential treatment or anything like that.
Because I remember Mickey Mantle.
Do you remember that Mickey Mantle?
Even George who doesn't know Mickey Mantle from the Mantle on his fireplace, which he don't even have one.
Remember that.
Now, see, as a kid Mickey Mantle was my hero.
He was my idol.
I was a big Yankee fan as a kid.
Love Mickey Mantle.
Number seven.
There he is.
The, uh, the great Mickey Mantle.
For more, was he in Oklahoma?
Somewhere in Oklahoma.
Boy, I'm slipping.
But in any rate.
See, I was, I had more empathy with Mickey Mantle because he was my idol.
Number one.
Number two.
Maybe because he was a white guy.
I don't know.
I mean, I said, no, that's not true.
Was it?
What are you laughing about?
That we don't color our feelings about people based on whether they're, you know, the skin color?
Huh?
Who's we?
Oh, you do.
Yeah, I know that.
But you do have one very good black friend.
George is, I had any black friend.
George is best friend is black.
Oh, it was only a black acquaintance by the way.
Best friend is black.
What kind of like light-complexed black?
Like, I had a good suntan.
But that's about it.
No, seriously, don't you feel that we a color our feelings about people?
I mean, there'll be people who have more sympathy toward the Mickey Mantle.
Of course, Mickey Mantle got delivered and everybody got better out of shape because Mickey Mantle,
I do want to make one thing clear.
Mickey had cirrhosis of the liver from all that.
He was going to end up with Billy Martin and Whitey Ford and all those other, all the carousing and those Yankee years.
Cirrhosis and he came on the ear and told us all of all you kids out there.
Stop boozing it up so much, okay?
And a lot of people said, well, gee, you know, we're putting them on this preferential deal
and getting him deliver ahead all these other people who weren't big athletes and stars
and can't get all this publicity.
And he got it from boozing it up or rewarding him.
And then of course, he got the liver and...
Boy!
He died anyway.
A short time later.
Now, Walter Payton, let me say it again, did not get the disease from drinking,
from immune deficiency, from carousing around.
All of these things.
None of those things.
But you still have the feeling just that nagging feeling that he may get preferential treatment.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
That because he was on air with a press conference,
that some other like a Joe Smith or Mary Jones in Tupelo, Mississippi,
somewhere who is desperately in need of a liver may drop down a couple of notches.
Casey Casey is checking the chart.
She may be dropping down a couple of notches.
Or maybe she's from notches.
I don't know.
But poor Walter Payton.
So that's something we can certainly address today and just talk about how these jocks.
You know, they get a little bit of preferential treatment because they're superstars.
You know, movie stars, football players, celebrities, important people.
When they get sick, they go away to the top of the list.
You know?
That's not my opinion.
I'm just throwing that out there to see if maybe you might agree with that.
Uh-huh.
Not my opinion necessarily, although it's 11 minutes after 10 at 5, 60, QM.
Hey, you wanted yourself a great meal at a very inexpensive price.
You can always count on, you know, they say about death and taxes.
You can always count on a great meal at a very reasonable price at the world famous pizza lot.
That's right.
You go in there and Jeff and the staff serve you up a gigantic fresh Italian meal.
All your favorites, every kind of pasta dish under the sun.
And then they got those great combination dinners, two like chicken and veal and eggplant and stuffed shells, lasagna, mackaddy.
Combinations with all your favorite sauces, which you get to pick up.
Three different kinds of fantastic pizza, award-winning lasagna.
They got stromboles and calzones, super subs, chicken cacciatori.
They got the best garlic rolls anywhere in the universe this side of Rome.
Okay. In fact, the menu is so big you'll have a tough time picking out what you want.
Don't forget every Monday and Tuesday are special nights at the lot.
Monday's lasagna night, Tuesday is eggplant night.
You buy one dinner on these nights, get the second dinner for only five bucks.
And tonight and every Wednesday, kid's night at the lot where the kids get a free slice of cheese, pizza or spaghetti with meat sauce and a free soda with adult entrees.
Pizza lot, it's in the pizza lot.
Plays a 35 14 South University drive between Griffin and 595 right next door to Nova, South Eastern University.
Right behind the Pier 1 imports and tons and tons of free parking waiting for it to for delivery or takeout call 954 916 888 80.
It doesn't get any better or less expensive than one is it?
Did I say that right?
It doesn't get any better or more expensive.
I let it.
It doesn't get any more reasonable and pizza lot not the fastest, not the cheapest.
It's pretty damn good.
This is a bastard.
I think I know better than when they're all going down the way.
Those guys keep their tolls.
Or they're there.
What's this little business that I think I'm there?
I think I know better than when they're all going down the way.
Okay, 1016.
Our folks wife today who'd better give a liver to David Crosby, Bill Crosby, Walter Peyton, Sandy Peyton, whatever happened with Sandy Peyton and Bishop by the way, anybody ever.
More a lowdown on that.
So George was saying during the break that he thought it was a very sad press conference yesterday.
I would agree with that.
It was very sad and he like broke down and he was very, you know.
And he didn't really want to be there.
You're right.
They stuck him out there because again, they figured by sticking him on or making it into a big story, they'll move him way up on the hit list.
It wouldn't be surprised if he'd like number two would be four bullets by the end of the week.
And he deserves to get a liver out, I would say.
I gave people a lot of joy.
In fact, I think that some bearers fan as soon as they croak.
Bears haven't had too much success over the years.
They're a real sorry-ass boring thing and have been for many, many, many years.
And I think some bearers fan are maybe even like one bullet.
You know, here you go.
Here's Walter.
Here's my liver, baby.
Have a good time with it.
Here's a lady, mobile and Davy.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Great.
I just want to know.
Okay.
The sound's so bad.
Why does this...
Why does everything sound so bad in here?
You crazy engineers, you...
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Because I'm on a mobile phone.
No, it's the studio is all screwed around now.
They really messed us up.
I'm sorry.
I want to know if you read the column in today's paper by John Groog and about a mission testing.
No.
No.
No, I did not.
It was just talking about how everybody did a study over the last five or six years ago.
About how every single new car you never failed a mission.
Right.
Of every single car that went through.
What if you want to...
What if they want some money?
Doesn't he understand that they want the ten bucks?
They don't care whether it's fields or patches.
They don't care about that.
Yeah, but that's what you wrote.
And you know what they're rescinding.
Now they're going to change the law.
And only people with the old cars that you know see that all kinds of disgusting stuff
are going to actually have to go to a mission.
When is that going to start?
They said there's like a bill that's being passed shortly.
So you know maybe like in the next 50 years.
Man, and how old.
All of the cars have to be like...
Older than four or five years I think it was.
Older than the Fuzla's grandma.
Something like that.
Yeah.
But just so people like us who drive newer cars don't have to waste their time and money online.
And not only that, but the people driving those beat up old cars.
They're not spending a lot of money for payments on brand new cars.
So I say so come twenty bucks a piece to make up for the shortfall.
Hey, I totally agree with you.
Anyway, that's all I have to say.
I think you're awesome.
I've been listening for a million years.
And the women out here actually do love you.
All right.
Have a great day sweetheart.
Take care.
By the way, Julio is looking at that stuff that our good friend Jeff Hyen.
Thank God we got Jeff Hyen here, okay?
She went to...no seriously.
A lot of guys talk about doing stuff for you.
Our program director is useless as a frog's turd.
That's right.
He really is nice.
You know this business about why he's not a bad guy.
And it's not relevant whether he's a bad guy.
There's a lot of guys that they're wearing a bad guy.
But I mean useless.
He does absolutely nothing for us.
The only thing he ever does is tell us where he's going to be.
Which usually is somewhere beside here.
That's the deal.
Yesterday he's at the dentist.
Some other day he's writing up now in the shaft again.
Whatever hell he's doing.
You know, and by the way, I Hank made a good point yesterday.
Jeff seems to be going to the dentist.
A hell of a lot more than usual people do.
You know what I'm talking about?
He seems to have some kind of a problem in his mouth.
You know what I'm saying?
Duff.
Maybe he has an attractive hygienist.
Or maybe he's just putting some bad things in his mouth.
Because that will write your teeth out.
Magnumistic about that.
Eustlis.
But Jeff, hi in our sales department.
Hey, Pally, he's a guy that gets stuff for you.
You see you, you did the same thing.
Who else were you picking on and ripping it?
Oh, like Steve Nichol.
Yes.
No, I'll tell you right now.
Steve Nichol would have got stuff done for us.
We wouldn't have gone through this last part.
You're wrong.
You're wrong.
You're wrong.
You're not going to be power.
You're wrong.
He would have stolen that.
He wasn't just a ordinary run of the mill weasel.
He was a special weasel.
Okay.
Who at least put on a pretensive.
And he would have been out playing golf with Diffo every day.
I'll guarantee you that.
Oh, no.
Those who were real.
Fight boy.
Wow.
He would never have seen him.
They used to drink out of the same glass.
Those two.
That's how tight Steve Nichol and Jeff divorced were.
Two thross.
Two thross.
Or back to Duff and his dentist again.
But at any rate.
That's the last straw, Mr.
I'll tell you that right now.
Jeff high is my buddy.
Hey, pal.
You can come down to the ice any time.
If you can get yourself in that elevator.
How do they get him up there?
By the way.
You know, John penis from sales came down this morning.
And he's sitting in the same office with with fat boy now.
He said he can't take his eye.
And by the way, John penis is married with a family.
He's as straight as the, you know.
But he said he can't take his eyes off fat boys ass.
Correct them.
He said it is so.
It is so big.
It is so huge that he just can't take his eyes off that gigantic enormous.
I just have never seen anything that vivid and that massive.
But at least he brought this research down for us.
And we're going to do our own research today.
We want to talk to some people that don't show up.
And I want to hear from some gooks.
You know.
Oh, and by the way, did you know Brian from sales told me that the people from Emblecoast
are good friends over there who are great Chinese people by the way of the Chinese restaurant.
But then you're there from Toronto.
And their big maple leaf and they're going to be at the game tonight.
Yeah, this morning another thing before I shut it off after hearing guilty reading misinformation out of the newspaper.
And there were I guess really desperate.
In fact, we noticed the phones dead as a door nail on that show that as a door nail.
Can you imagine if the heat at the NBA strike wouldn't have gotten resolved?
Can you even begin to imagine what this radio station would be like?
No.
Those 20 hours a day when they're pretending to talk sports.
No.
Because you would have no basketball.
I mean, the football talk that never stops on the station so boring anyway.
Like yesterday, somebody, I think what what running backs are going to be available now?
And who cares?
It's the second of February yesterday.
They just played the last football game for months for Christ's sake.
Let's talk about something somebody with a brain might care about.
And thanks to under talking about people who talked to morons on a year.
I hate to break the news here.
But most of us talk to a lot of morons every day.
We have some callers that you know they got something to say some not too much.
And many of them many of them are absolute positive 100% morons.
Okay.
Make no mistake about that.
But at any rate, yeah, Chinese so they're going to be at the game tonight.
And of course, Toronto's got enormous.
They had not won but two Chinatowns.
That's how many Chinese people are there.
And how come we don't have so many Asians down here?
See, I hate to break the news here about this.
Okay, but he's dead now.
It doesn't make any difference.
You know, Governor Bumpkin, the he-coon.
I told him years ago, I said the demographics is out Florida.
You know, because the governor can do something about immigration policy.
I said the demographics are so screwed up.
We need more Asians down here.
And he thought I said Haitians.
Yeah, so it's all your fault.
Well, he was hard of hearing.
You know, he could.
So we want to, not this is not in our Haitian friends.
Is it?
No, not at all.
But we need more yellow people down here.
We need more Chinese people and Japanese.
And I don't know about Vietnamese.
What are the Vietnamese like?
I don't even say anything.
What?
Huh? They eat a lot of cabbage.
Yeah.
Well, that's cheap.
No, seriously, how come we don't have some more Asians here?
This bull crap about this being a multicultural city just because nobody speaks English.
I'm sorry.
That don't do it for me.
We need more Asian people.
They're more Chinese.
I mean, Christ, there's a billion Chinese in the world.
You think that we ought to be able to go out and get a bigger share of Chinese.
Chinese people are wonderful people.
They really are.
They're intelligent.
They're law abiding.
And except for a few gangs that got here and there.
I mean, they're just, you know, they're not too big on guns.
They're great.
They come here.
They actually learn the speaking English because God forbid they should be running around speaking Chinese.
It's amazing.
But anyway, come back to these numbers.
Thank you, fat boy.
You're okay in my book.
And I'm looking at these numbers again.
And you know, something that's astonishing.
It's really amazing.
In fact, I would be embarrassed to be neurocasting and talking to, you know, they could write a goddamn, uh,
you talk about a sports bar with a microphone.
They could write a room at the holiday end.
Seriously, they could go back to the higher agency downtown and write a room and talk, you know,
you jam the same number of people in there that we got listening at certain hours of the day.
Did you look to the average number of people we have listening between one and five in the morning on the station?
By the way, did you look at this 300?
Wow.
Yeah.
We could go out into parking lot and get more than 300 people just from the surrounding hood.
We could get more than 300.
One to five a and the average male audience, 300 people, but adults, a thousand.
Okay.
So let's not sure change those one to five hours.
And it's probably because of that great for real.
Really, what that scratchy voice program.
We want to hear from some Chinese people today.
We want to hear from some young Julios under 25.
See, that's another thing.
25 to 54 don't tell the story.
Because most of our Julio listeners, they're like 18 to 24.
Either actually an age or mentally.
Here is a Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, well, I'm 25.
I don't know if it matters.
Yeah.
Just a little to the bad news, man.
Do you get to his man, your hair, your sports session?
You might go to get to it.
Do you have it?
Yes, I have it.
I think it's 40 or 60.
It's a car of Barry Jackson.
A Barry Jackass?
I didn't see it.
I didn't know he had a car of the Barry Jackass.
What page is it on?
I think it's 40 or 60.
The old yesterday.
Oh, yesterday.
I don't have that anymore.
That's long.
That's at the bottom of the birdcage now.
Oh, my God.
What I'm going to say now, you're going to follow this too, man.
Give us a comment on the national car of medicine.
Motorcar on ice.
What is it?
Motorcar on ice.
What the hell is that?
Motorcycle on ice.
Motorcycle on ice.
Yeah, to the neck.
I probably have it like the night before a hockey game.
You can really put some deep breaths in that ice.
Not for sure.
I think they want to see Barry get a piece of kneecap or something.
Yeah, there you go.
Maybe break a leg would be good.
Oh, good.
And they can say, oh, what do you see?
We've spent a lot of money.
We're not going to make the playoffs now, but we give it our best shot.
Oh, God.
Well, if you can, you try to get it, we demand it.
Oh, God.
So Barry Jackass wrote this?
Yeah.
I'll figure it out for you.
Yeah, that's always very, always good.
Good.
Good one.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Check it out.
Okay.
This is seriously the phone sounds all screwed up now.
The levels in here.
The overhead.
Thank you very much to our management and engineering department.
We were rolling along here pretty good for a few months.
I mean, not that it was great down here, but you know, it wasn't too bad.
We actually had the level set where there was supposed to be.
And then the last week, because we had to have another premature big move.
And still upstairs.
I hear you.
I think yesterday they said that they can't talk to the board ops back and forth.
The intercom doesn't work up there.
And then later on, it was saying something else doesn't work out.
Because that's the way it is, baby.
It's the beastly read F and way, which is not the right way.
It's the always the wrong way, the screwed up way, the half-assed way.
Not slow, not fast, half-assed.
That's how they do it.
Like there was something emergency.
I mean, after waiting for like three years, they couldn't wait another couple of weeks to get this thing done right.
They just couldn't.
No, of course not.
Because Greg had to impress all of his super jocks, prep friends.
They were the Super Bowl week.
You're right.
He's like a sports nerd who suffers from neurosis of the liver.
You're right.
Forget about Walter Payton.
Let's get a liver transplant for Greg Reed.
Because he suffers from neurosis, sports neurosis of the liver.
Man, is he whacked?
1027 at 560 WQAM.
Numbering good fellows.
Number who got whacked in that?
Hey, let me tell you about a great place to have a good time.
And that's Pompano Harness.
Any night of the week.
In fact, every night except Sunday.
Every day of the week except Sunday.
There's all kinds of cymbal casting going on in live harness racing.
Every night except Sunday and Tuesday.
Like tonight, for example.
Let's see what's on the schedule.
We got February in here.
Where's February?
Come on.
You can do it.
Here we go.
It's February the 3rd.
We got Milford Highlight Cymbal Casting in noon.
We got freehold harness racing 1230.
Dover Downs 430.
Northfield 7 o'clock.
Dengia Highlight 715.
Windsor at 720.
How do you like that?
Medoland 730 on a cello 735.
And they went from Chicago 830 tonight.
And a great live on track harness racing.
Car 735.
And don't forget during the month of February, if February now to the 25th.
Two complete dinners for 24 bucks in the top of the park dining room on the 6th floor.
Everything from rolls and soup to your on tray.
And the dessert as well.
Coffee tea.
You get to choose from Prime Rib.
Herb roast that have chicken or broth north Atlantic salmon for your on tray.
Complete dinners.
Two for just 24 bucks in the dining room with Pompano Park now through February 25th.
So if you're looking for a great night out.
Maybe get lucky and win a few bucks.
Get out to Pompano Heart as post time tonight for the first libraries 735 and the PM.
Have a heart or a liver.
You who party so must take it slow.
Prove that you're inside.
Don't say with even still.
Or grandmas.
Or even Neil Young.
Treat your liver well.
Okay.
No drink like hell.
It'll surely go bad.
Oh, please.
Just keep it clean.
It can't be fixed.
You'll need a donor.
Don't you ever party hard.
If you do, you could die.
Or just wait in a box.
Or like a baby.
It's a baby.
Have 30 to 560 WQ.
That's our poll question today who is more deserving of a new liver David cross the Mickey Mantle Walter Peyton.
Take your pick.
Okay.
I don't think David cross be deserved a new liver.
How's he doing by the way?
He's still alive, isn't he?
God damn it.
He don't deserve no new liver.
He was a scumbag.
He was I mean, drugs and booze and crap and just a real sleaze bag.
Some pretty good music though.
The Mickey Mantle was much you know, I think if you look back at American culture, certainly Mickey Mantle would be said to have a much greater impact on American pop culture than David cross be, right?
How about Bing cross be?
Yeah.
He was a real prick by the way.
But you have to say those things because you know, with showbiz, it's all PR like I said yesterday the world is 98% PR in the flash and the 2% is talent in real cash.
You know how that goes.
All of these things.
That's right.
By the way, it was a great, it's not an editorial per se from the hero because you know if it was a great editorial, they would not have written it.
But on the op-ed page, which I'll get to about the goddamn Pope.
Thank God.
Thank you.
That's somebody else in America, even though it's from Fort Worth, Texas, the art of the op-ed piece they got in there.
Has the guts to say everybody else just do the flea reports is like Newsweek magazine.
Again, the Newsweek, yeah, yesterday.
Here's an article about the Pope's visit and yada yada yada.
And the thing with commuting the sentence to the guy in Missouri and the governor said, okay.
And it just reported factually as if they have no comment on this.
Is if there's no outrage that we should have.
Is if it's just acceptable that some silly old man in the dress representing some sects, some very large religious sects should come over here across the ocean from the Vatican over there, from Yenim's belt, and come here and stick his nose.
Not only try to tell us what to do about abortion and the euthanasia and this and that, but also sticking as those into goddamn government, the law.
Our criminal justice system.
And just because this guy was sentenced to death on that particular day, boy, how lucky was he?
Yeah.
You know how they draw for straws and you get that?
I guess he got the long straw, huh?
That must be it.
Uh-huh.
Because he just happened to be going to the chamber on the day that the holy father was here.
And you know what you know what turned into the tide for him, don't you?
When he sent that videotape message to the Pope and said, body, you're helping all the boys.
And the Pope said, uh-huh.
Okay. Why not?
Just like the governor said, okay, that's the saddest part.
Weak need, slime ball, yellow livery, lily livery politicians.
Why don't they have altered girls?
Because they don't have any straight priests.
Now what about for the nuns?
I think the nuns get the whipped those girls in shape is what I hear, huh?
They get that ruler.
I don't want to tell you where they stick that ruler.
But you can use your magnation.
Yeah, and all around the country they report this story like, uh, oh yeah, well, you know, the Pope, the holy father suggested the governor said, okay, and this guy's going to, you know, we're going to have to pay 42 years old.
The taxpayers of the state of Missouri are going to have to be paying from now until the hell freezes over to feed this guy and clothe this guy without great garbly wear and whatever else.
And the guy, you know, even even just a supply toilet paper for this guy is criminal.
He killed three people, including a 19 year old cripple kid in a wheelchair.
He shot and killed people and worse them.
And he's going to be fed three square meals a day because the Pope decided his life was worth saving.
Galilio, screw him, you know, he wasn't such a great guy.
But this guy, this murdering son of a bitch, he's okay because of the Pope decided so and we said, okay, that's the worst part.
This is why I'll say it again, one of the greatest scandals in the history of the United States of freaking America.
Whereas if the United Freaking States of America, whatever it is scandalous.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello.
Mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, how you doing? Okay. Good. I went down to National Colonel Sarah last night.
You went to the rectal center, yeah? The rectal center.
What is scam that voices? Yeah. You spend about 50 bucks just on parking and getting something to drink in that voice and eating.
Right. Well, hey, Wayne's got to, you know, if he can get enough money together, we're making him for the hair piece.
He needs a good hair piece. Yeah. Okay, that's it. Let's talk about the thrish bag. Everybody needs a piece. Pal, go ahead.
Mike, for either of them both, you big dish bag. Okay.
Okay, we have an open line in a, Broward and all three in day, they'd counties off their feet.
Okay, we're trying to hear from those young Hispanics out there who are like in a closet. Come on. We want to hear from you this morning to show these demographics.
These arbitraron people that you're out there. Oh, he didn't do the, you know, like 18 to 49 men Hispanic.
I'm sure that fat boy wants to put the word out that we want some more stuff from that type that tap scan from his last book. He'll do anything because he's our pali.
Hey, pali. Come on. Let's get some more numbers. Pali.
5 6 7. There's the numbers for you. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. We got the hand goldberg show at Shula State 2 at 2 o'clock.
We got to boost it. 6 briefly 7 o'clock. The pregame show with the, the golden one and at 7 30 the Panthers at the Toronto may police.
Yeah, they're discussing this morning is Neil going to be wearing his may belief to who's going to be rooting for the game tonight.
Like there's some doubt about that.
That goes to show you how desperate they are in that morning show. When the hell is Phil Henry coming here to do mornings already?
I mean, you know, I would these guys will take up a collection for them.
But these guys are desperate. The fact that they're even wasting one second worrying about and Joe, you know, leave it to Joe Rose with that fat head leaving the hand.
He says does anybody really care who Neil Rogers is going to be rooting for tonight, especially listening on that morning show. Does anybody care?
No, talk about something we might care about.
You know, like that new player that the Marlon's got. I heard they call them back a second time to see if he's getting laid and comes to find out the guy got married last November and still ain't getting any.
Here's a bokeh. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir. Well, getting back to what you were saying about Asians. I'm married to lovely V and the muse woman.
She works. Oh, yes, she works where?
And she's the hairdresser.
Oh, she worked the day she had her baby.
Yeah, she started getting labor, you know, going and getting contraptions.
Yeah.
And the nail tech was like saying, oh, keeping time.
And when they started getting them knitted apart, she's like, you got to go to the hospital.
Yeah.
She goes to the hospital and the doctor says, okay, it's going to be about six to eight hours.
She's like, oh, great, great. I got customers. I got to do. I'll go back.
They're like, no way. Sit down, lie down. You're not going anywhere.
Working her rear end off.
Day we got married. She worked until two o'clock and we got married at six o'clock.
Isn't that something?
Yeah, amazing. Nothing like those Asians, man.
We need lots more Asians people down and there's people down in this town.
You got it. Take care, Neil.
Okay, thank you for the good news. See, there you go. There's a good story.
Ah!
There's just your bad news on this show. We hear the good news.
There's a guy that's married to some Vietnamese chick, okay?
Who's working her little yellow ass off and she's great.
Really, seriously, why can't we all attempt to be a lot more like the chinks? You know what?
Seriously. And it's interesting, the, where, depending on where you go in the world,
for example, the Chinese people in China are so repressed by the goddamn Kami, a pinko government.
But once they get out of there, all of a sudden it's like, hey, I guess what?
There's more life than just, you know, we're in a pair of glasses and covering up your slanty eyes.
There's more life than just that.
You better, you people better get around the world, okay? Discover the Asian people are the great people.
I'm not saying that they're only great people.
I mean, certainly there are a lot of beautiful Chinese people but they don't look as good as the Colombians, for example.
And the Colombians just because they don't want us to get too friendly, they, you know, they screw around a lot with guns and stuff like that.
Just to make it not too safe because then they have too much tourism, they don't want that.
They don't want a lot of pain in the ass invaders, screwing things up, especially after that hurricane.
Was it a hurricane earthquake?
Was an earthquake, wasn't it in Colombia they just had? Jesus Christ almighty.
Armenia. Armenia what? Armenia, Colombia.
That was the city. Armenia. I thought Armenia was a country.
What it is. Yeah.
It's also the name of a Colombian city where they're looting like crazy.
So that's our poll question. Where would you rather go? Rome, New York or Rome, Italy?
Or Armenia, Colombia.
Of a Colombians boy, they are beautiful people. Trust me.
So they're a little dangerous. They like their drugs, okay?
You name me a culture that doesn't like their drugs.
1040 at 560 WQA and Hollywood Seminole Gaming, you know, was the country's very first high stakes bingo casino
and they've given away hundreds of million dollars since they opened 20 years ago.
Look at how many casinos have opened up in the main while all over the country but you know what?
Hollywood Seminole Gaming is still going stronger than ever.
They were the original high stakes bingo casino and now they become much more than that.
Hollywood Seminole Gaming's got 48 round the clock poker tables, waiting for you with seven cards stud on the hall.
The high low Texas hold them. They have weekly poker tournaments, daily mini tournaments along with 550 gaming machines.
They've got lightning bingo in the spindle and game for cash and prizes.
While you're there, play Hollywood Seminole Gaming's four daily sessions of ice stakes bingo.
Matt, nail him 45 and three in the afternoon, main evening session 715 every evening and night all sessions 1030 every night.
Coming this Saturday, March 6th or a week from a month from whenever it's going to be Saturday, March 6th.
It's the $100 bingo night 18 games each paying for grand and a must go jackpot of $15,000.
Advanced tickets are on sale right now at Hollywood Seminole Gaming on the corner of 441 in Sterling Road open 24 hours a day,
seven days a week even on Chavu's. Lots of free parking and valley parking if you prefer.
So when you're feeling lucky, take a cruise but only as far as Hollywood Seminole Gaming.
Holy Makinon, this is Joe Bo on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Niel God.
May 5th, think of him, Maya.
Oh Mexico, nice little holiday.
Some stations are giving away trips to Pencuzum or giving away trips to Mexico City.
But we're bringing Mexico to you.
That's right. We're giving away Mexico.
Real live Mexicans.
I go around by.
We'll be smuggling illegal aliens across the border in the wheel, relative station back.
Then we'll give one to you.
Imagine your own personal Mexican.
They'll wash your car.
In your house.
In your car.
Anything you want because if they don't, you'll have them deported.
Audio subbiego.
Leave a head color when you hear this sound.
And wind on Mexican.
Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans.
Fading in Dilosica Mexicans is winner's responsibility.
Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans.
Hello, Frank. Take over here, Maya. We're your own home.
Ever easy.
We're your very own Mexicans.
People are single week.
1045 at 560 WQM.
So let me ask you.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
You know what I say? Don't care about that.
Even George was touched by that story.
I mean, you couldn't help watching it.
He kept showing it over and over and over again on every network.
Every guy had to have them affiliate.
I mean, even on the station with a test pattern, they were showing water paintings of press conference.
Very tearful and emotional press conference.
The guy's got a liver problem.
And he's going to croak in two years if we don't get this guy a liver.
And just because he was on all over the world on TV and he had a sparse the spokesman was there.
I'll make it a big and passion speech.
That doesn't mean he's going to give preferential treatment, does it?
Uh-huh.
These people don't care.
And you know why they don't care?
Because they don't need no liver.
If somebody in their family, if someone good friend of theirs needed a liver was on a list with 800 people I had of them.
And all of a sudden they became like number 802 instead of 801.
And maybe that one day would be the difference between them getting a nice new shiny liver and not getting any liver at all.
And like, oh, something like that, something fairly bad.
Then they then they'd be pissed off about it.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, good morning.
I'm still down here.
Yeah.
Okay.
Living with a Columbia ready for four years.
Great people.
Great country.
Living with a one.
Columbia woman.
Oh.
Great, great people.
I was there with Christmas.
I called you after that.
And these people in the media really need some help.
You can see them in the paper.
I mean, they're getting all help from the government.
I think if the country's like this could do a little bit about that.
Yeah, don't you think with all the money that the Medi-in cartel is getting in there that they could probably spur a few 100 million to help them out?
No.
The cartel.
Medi-in cartel is already gone.
It's gone.
It's went to Cali.
It's only Cali now.
Like I said, the Kaia cartel.
Anyway, the problem with the Americans, the general, is that these people never get around anywhere in the world.
So they don't have any field.
The world you're looking for is parochial.
They're like little narrow-minded people that ever have a passport.
That's right.
That's exactly right.
And how can you live in a country like this with all the terrifying right-wing crap that's going on nowadays and not have a nice big fat new passport?
You're honor-percently honor-percent right.
Exactly.
When are you going to answer that again?
Soon.
Wait till the good weather.
Wait till the good weather.
Wait till the good weather.
The Queen's day.
Is it tomorrow?
Yeah.
It is?
It's not bad.
It's not bad.
I think I'm going to take a little bit of a little bit of a little beer.
What is it?
A little beer.
Oh, you don't understand that yet.
No.
Anyway, go around the 30th April and answer them.
It's the greatest day in Holland.
It's the Queen's birthday.
Yeah, Queen's day.
That's what they always invite me on Queen's day.
I think they're trying to tell me something.
That's what I told you.
Okay.
I have to believe.
Hey, have a good day.
And back to you.
Every time I say that, they say what?
Well, that's the only word I know.
I don't know what it may have on Donkovell.
Okay, that's good.
Donkovell.
I know that.
Hey, listen, I mean, I'm not one of these great kind of linguists.
I'm sorry.
No, a few were like 20 words in a tag.
In two or three words in Dutch.
I'm a great linguist, which puts me way ahead of most people here who either know Spanish
or English.
Not necessarily both.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 7, that would be another problem.
See, that would be another barrier between having all the Asian people come in here is the language.
The only problem with using that as an excuse is that the Asian people come in here.
The only thing that people have discovered most places that they go, they learn to speak English very fluently.
And there's no problem.
Or if you go like in Italy, that's really a trip when you see Chinese people speaking flu with Italian.
Or like when you see dark, complex people in Germany speaking perfect German.
And they don't speak, they don't speak bubonic German, by the way.
I know that comes with a great shock to you.
They don't ask no questions.
Okay, in German.
See, guys, let me ask you a question.
No, I don't think so.
Yeah, I'll deliver.
Oh, there he goes again with that goddamn liver stuff, man.
What is wrong with you?
Incentive bastard.
And see, I just keep asking myself, why did God do this?
Why did He create all these body parts?
You know, it's like that alien autopsy on Fox, which by the way was totally bogus now, but they sure didn't make it.
And you know something that was the best part.
They revealed themselves that it was bogus on one of their other shows.
First, they put on a phony below anything.
They whip up a whole lot of friends.
And then they repeat it because the ratings are real good.
And then a few months later, they have, oh, expose.
It was all I was all a fraud.
Tune into punch, huh?
Double the mileage.
Exactly. Tune in and get the real blow down on this.
It was all a fraud.
Some of you people were a lot sharper than I was.
They saw that phone.
They said I got a Rolex on there, you know.
Just a few hints that maybe that was taped a little bit after 1947 that's stupid, alien autopsy.
With a hollow shell of a body there with the, you know, now maybe they can use that guy's liver.
Okay, he won't be using it any time soon.
And that was the best part.
They didn't have like you were they had organs that just kind of like fell into place.
You notice that they weren't like connected by anything.
There were no arteries.
There were no veins.
They were just, you know, one is stuck in over here.
There's another one stuck in over there.
Like plug-in organs, which isn't bad.
Anybody ever play with a plug-in organ?
Don't be frisked out.
Yeah, he did.
We have open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
What are we going to do about that morning show?
Man, I'm worried about those guys.
Because now that we actually sit here, I mean, you know, I, you know, Tommy's a great guy.
But when he tells us even when that, you know, he's got a lighter shade of yellow.
He's here this week.
But when he tells us that their phones were always jammed in the other joint.
And then it come over here and mysteriously in this building.
I mean, if they get two phone calls in the entire morning, it's a lot.
And one of them was Billy de Marlin, the, uh, Billy the, uh, jet guy.
That asshole that I hung up on the other day, talk about chronic.
When you have to talk to Billy, the jet fan, you know that Phil Henry is on the plane right now.
Just zoom in down here.
Any minute.
You know what I'm talking about?
Are you sure that's what I'm hearing?
Haven't you been hearing that?
Like just in the last few seconds?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm headed towards Italy in April.
Oh, great.
Great.
Yeah, going to my son is studying in Florence.
And so we're going to be in Florence.
Yeah, I would probably.
In Florence, yes, like I said, at Rome.
Right.
And then we need one other place to do.
What would you suggest?
Florence, Rome, and I would suggest Milano.
Milano is okay.
I mean, Milano is, uh, it's okay.
Milano?
Yeah.
Okay.
Don't waste your time.
I've got it.
I'm going to blow your ears out with noise.
It's a very noisy city.
All right.
Well, we'll do Milano.
I'm going to drop off the Paris and the London and then back home.
You're going to Paris?
You're going to give the France some of your money?
Well, we've got to go.
I want to spy report when you get back from a grape hurry.
You'll be real sorry.
They're a bunch of pigs.
They're disgusting.
They're pigs that hate Americans.
They hate everybody else.
They throw their garbage on the floor on the ground on the street.
They're disgusting.
I will give you a spy report.
But I promise my daughter I take there and my son.
So we got it.
We got to do it at least two days.
They'll learn the hard way.
Believe me.
Have a great time, pal.
Thank you.
David Dex.
And Avriba Dexi, Roma.
So Joe Rose says he likes Paris.
We, we, we, we.
Yeah.
That's what he likes the best.
Well, he's kind of our French guy, isn't he?
That's what Joe always says.
I like the wee wee.
Yeah, I bet.
Maybe that's why he's visiting all those high schools.
He was talking about this morning.
Notice how deep old was getting real nervous.
That was a strange conversation.
About how Joe Rose keeps running around to check out all these young athletes
at all the high schools in junior highs and elementary schools.
I mean, is there some kind of a message in there or what is that?
Two open lines and days five six seven oh five six the impump.
Don't even put them on the ear.
I dumped them out chronic.
See your chronic.
You're an asshole.
That was Billy the jet fan, by the way, but I dumped them out because he's a total asshole.
And the fact that they have even talked in in the morning.
He showed tells how desperate they are now.
Now that football season is over with.
That's pathetic.
That's that's tragic.
That would be like us talking to Gilbert.
No seriously, the day that I and we you know, we had our days like this week,
like recently, like yesterday, the day before that and probably the day too.
Pretty weak.
You know, you know how this town is.
Some days they're in a mood to talk to you.
Most days and not too sociable.
But I mean the day that you get that desperate, they have to start talking to chronic regulars.
Who just absolutely forced the audience is lunging.
You can hear them leaping at the dial to change the station to punch a button.
Through the way they're punching their fist through the dashboard.
Billy the jet fan, you're a jackass.
Pal, you have no material.
You're an idiot.
And the fact that they even dignify you by putting you on the phone.
Even Tommy was just near saying he's begging those guys.
Don't ever put this asshole on here again.
He begs them.
Pleads with them and they say, no.
Put him on.
Remember that William Holden said that in network.
Put him on.
Boy.
What would we call out about you know.
And then of course, you know, he lived, he lived to regret it.
Why are you airing like this?
That's right.
That's what he had to answer for.
We have two open lines in the day five six seven oh five 60.
Five sixty on a mobile one line.
I'll tell you one thing boys and girls out there.
We are kicking serious ads.
Even on this radio station.
My good friend Jeff.
Hi fat boy brought us these numbers yesterday and I'm just sitting here tickle pink.
This isn't the greatest book we've ever had.
But it's pretty goddamn good.
Especially on a station that's crumbling around us with narrow casting talking to Billy the jet fan.
Talking about all the running backs they're going to be available to.
I mean come on let's go already let's talk about something somebody might care about.
You want to talk about sports talk about what's going on right now.
Like we got a thousand on soul tickets for tonight's game, which is pretty good.
By the way since the least ever draw down here for some strange reason because people wouldn't know a good team.
If you stuck it in their deck.
Most exciting team the highest scoring team in a league baby 61 points in spite of what this unsettled says first place in their division second place in a conference.
Second and wins in a league only to the mighty Dallas stars.
Here's excitement at the macarena night so there's 500 Panther pack and allegedly 500 other seats that game better be jam packed even if it is Toronto.
We're sound here nobody seems to understand who the Leafs are.
I mean you have to be really a very serious hockey fan to have heard of the Toronto Maple Leafs right.
Oh yeah.
One of the original six back when they had like real teams back when it was a real sport and thank God for the European players.
Otherwise it would be the big otherwise hockey would be the same joke today that your basketball is and your football is and especially your baseball is with eight million teams.
And no you know there's there's no new pool of talent.
That would be like having 600 new radio stations come on tomorrow and all of a sudden you're going to have all these great broadcasters come on the air.
Take a look at the people around the air just in this market.
Take a look at the rampant media equity okay.
Take a look at the sandy patents of the world and ask yourself you know that you can't keep diluting forever and have any taste left.
You can have the greatest wine in the world the greatest vintage wine in the history of mankind the most expensive wine.
And you keep putting water in it and more water and diluting and you have like basically like a little picture of the wine in the bottom of the glass.
And you're drinking nothing but watered down swill by the time you get done and that's the way it is.
And that's what's happened on other so called sports which is why they have to have this big song and it's the pretend it's great.
Which is why they have to make this big super bowl side show because the game itself usually sucks like this years it blow.
But hockey at least we got the Europeans I don't care what don't you.
He says we got all these great European players like Yarmour Yager last night who had a goal and four assists nine points in two nights making passes that other people going to only dream of making.
Playing unbelievable and by the way speaking of Europeans Marty struck a playing great again for the penguins last night making moves that haven't been invented yet.
But not good enough for Doug McLean you know something I'm glad that McLean got his ass fired out of here.
Because he was a good guy but you know kind of like our program director good guy but didn't know his ass from your armpit.
That's the problem bad judge of talent and you wait till he gets going with those Columbus straight jackets up there he'll be real sorry.
Real sorry that he ever turned Marty struck a loose.
1057 at 560 WQM if you're suffering from hair loss you look at the mirror and you say all the time how you can do something about it very inexpensively too.
You can call a guy who knows better than anybody in the world how to make you guys look like a real man again Charles Alfieri over 25 years ago he invented the best hair system in the business which is why people with big into dollars go to Charles as well as shluppers like you guys.
Because for no amount of money anywhere can you buy a better a more natural looking system than the natural hairline system.
And now Charles has improved that and made it even lighter more durable and a completely natural looking system that even when your hair is soaking wet nobody can tell it's not the real thing because it looks like it's growing right out of your scale.
So if you want to start looking years younger like a real man instead of that Wayne High Pingle bald look that deep look for the 90s then just pick up the phone and call Charles Alfieri when you call mentioned the arodges and he'll give you 200 out of this count on the purchase of that new hair system in no time at all you'll be looking like a real mench call toll free today 1-800-321-2413 and tell them that.
I told you to call tell me what some hair back 1-800-321-2413.
The Neil Roger show now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
It's a lashinga moneraco water.
I'm here real tall.
Oh, I'm three and a half legs.
Making those little tapes you need fall.
Oh, I'm three and a half legs.
They all have their eyes in their hands and they might come from Stockholm.
You know that no surprise came from there.
Yeah, sure.
I'm three things that come as shown.
F A, the F A, the F A.
These are the Swedish things.
Being really good at outspots for.
I'm three and a half legs.
And being crazy about beyond for.
All of these things.
Oh, man.
That's why the Leafs are doing some videos here.
By the way.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I love the guys in the turbines.
All the cab drivers and the limo drivers and Toronto have turbines.
They're all...
More one.
I like rice, but kid curry kind of like a rubs me the wrong way.
How about two long come?
OK, have a nice day.
What's he haunt going to try and keep them out of here?
We don't understand what they're saying.
Seriously, that's another thing about a real city like Toronto.
Get into a cab 90% chance.
95% is a turbine head.
They're great.
They're nice people.
They don't smell bad.
Never still afraid train.
Drive like a bunch of maniacs.
Get into a cab down here.
What could it be?
Seriously, you can't even identify what origin the cab driver.
I'm not talking about ethnic origin.
I'm just talking about human species.
We have an open-line in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 0.5, 60 on the AT&T world side.
I mentioned the cabbys made some big money when they...
By the way, I forgot to mention the most important thing.
I did mention it a few weeks ago when the story broke.
We talked about how backwater this place is.
They finally got the push cards.
What do they call those things at the airport?
And the porters are all bent out of shape.
Now let me ask you something.
How do the porters make money at airports all around the rest of the world?
You go to any other airport in America.
You go to JFK, go to Atlanta.
They have those push...
What do they call those?
Trollies or little cards for your luggage?
Lugged right card.
Lugged right.
And by the way, everywhere else I can Europe, they're free.
In Skipel Airport in Amsterdam,
in Leonardo da Vinci airport in Fumuccino and Rome.
Any other real airport they're free.
You go over and you grab one, you stick your bag on there.
Because you got to walk six million miles to get to wherever you're going.
Mayan either only two bucks a day.
Oh!
Even at JFK, I think they're only 50 cents or a buck.
In New York where everything is price times ten,
whatever it is any place else in New York,
it's ten times or expensive.
But I think it's only a buck at JFK.
And that dump of your port.
But in Miami International, two bucks.
And it's taken them this long before they finally got the little push card for your luggage.
I mean just unbelievable.
Stone Age.
Here's a pick report in a, a daynya.
Hello?
Uh, yeah, Nioh.
I got a little, I got a pick report for him, man.
Yes sir.
Vigilous, Vigilous, smelly, trooper, uh, northbound on the turnpike.
Yeah.
Between Hollywood Boulevard and Gryffin Road.
Got them all pulled up.
God bless you sir.
Thank you.
Okay, govind yourselves accordingly.
By the way, speaking on Gladness, Guy Calls,
speaking of pick reports.
So yesterday I mentioned that on a hiatus road between sunrise and Broward,
they were doing their usual hanky,
and people warning each other, blinking their headlights.
This morning, this morning on a hiatus road, north of sunrise.
They had the, uh, the, the porkers on their bikes off the side of the road.
And of course they had two people pulled over already ahead of me,
so they were preoccupied.
So I just went zooming by, as John both of you would say,
just zooming by, and luckily we're standing still.
But, uh, so they're kind of like moving around a little bit, I guess.
Because we're exposing where all these radar traps are,
since they're trying so hard to protect the, uh, public protect us from ourselves.
See, I don't get it.
Like at night, I'll go to the track, I'll come home like, uh, you know,
from the, uh, the Pompa-Dopark, I'll go out and sunrise Boulevard,
going away.
And I'm going to speed limit is 45.
I'm going maybe 52, 55, you know,
okay, I'm going to zip it along, because it's at night.
And people are going by me like I'm standing still.
They're going 70 and 70.
I have never ever seen any of those people pulled over,
given the ticket.
They're going like 25, 30 miles and over the speed limit.
Never seen the ticket.
But if you're going like eight or nine miles over the speed limit on a hiatus road,
which seems to be, that's it.
Every, every part of town has got its special place,
like in Pemberpines, they're on tap street,
which is also by hiatus by the way.
Tap between hiatus and, uh,
tap and Douglas, they love to.
But tap in the hiatus there, very, very big.
Always, always hiding under the palm tree there in the median.
But hiatus road out there in the plantation acres,
boy, you guys, I'm telling you, they must be raked it in.
They must be taken up mayor of Veltri's retirement fund there.
Just writing and writing and writing the business.
Where we going?
Here's, uh, what does that say?
A Jew-Fag mobile in Jupiter?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir?
Neil, are you a Jew-Fag?
I'm how did you fag it all?
I'm Colombian, actually.
He said he had a couple things in common with you.
Oh, he just didn't say what.
Oh, he wanted to talk to the Jew-Fag, I see.
Speaking.
I have a couple things in common with, uh, the show right now,
as a matter of fact, I'm a young Colombian,
been here about 20 years.
How old are you, sir?
I am 28 years old.
28, we're not so young.
Ah, well, I moved you when I was eight.
My parents brought me here.
I've done well for myself, I've...
Yeah, I mean, compared to me or young,
make no mistake about that.
That's why I stay in Florida,
still most of the people are older.
Here, I went to the, uh, macarena yesterday.
Yeah.
And for the good.
Now, what was the, what was the concert last night?
What was the ideal?
Billy Joel.
You went to the Billy Joel?
Oh, my God.
He was great in concert, but I'll tell you this.
The sound was horrible.
I don't know if the acoustics are horrible in that place.
That's funny, because Adam from our sales department
was telling me this morning on the elevator
that the sound was great there last night.
Well, I must have had crappy seats, Neil,
but I...
I believe you, the sound there blows.
Adam is a tone deaf.
And believe this, listen to this.
We had front row seats,
and there was a lady in the wheelchair
right across from us.
Oh!
Check this out.
There's a big rat running across the floor.
So it goes towards my wife.
I kicked the rat over.
It accidentally goes under the lady in the wheelchair.
She's trying to jump up and down,
getting the rat away from her.
Everybody, you know,
the concert didn't get in her up,
and it was only about 20 people
trying to, trying to kick the rat away.
So, uh, this place is brand new,
and it's already has rats all over the place.
Yeah, well, that's because the pantheon is played there.
That's part of the ambiance.
I guess so.
It's got mellow to be back in line up tonight.
They figured he'd go out there and fill it.
Hey, how do you allergy's doing?
My allergies are a little every day.
It's slow.
Every day a little bit better.
A little bit better.
My face, my pussy.
It's this building.
I figured out I'm said there's a sickness in this building,
because I walk in this morning,
and started gagging and choking.
It's in this building.
It's probably an old building.
It's got the dust.
And they've been doing all this construction here, see?
So they've got all the dust in the air
and all this stuff from the...
And the ceiling tiles have all been moved away
and all the crap from between the floors is dropping down.
So we're all choking on the crap in here.
It sounds like a good class action lawsuit to me.
It definitely does.
It definitely does.
The quality of life there.
Okay, I'll see you in Bogota.
Hey, thank you, sir.
I'll be very good.
We have two open lines.
You believe that story about the arrest?
No.
Two open lines a day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
He's 28.
That's not...
I mean, that's relatively young compared to me.
Compared to you, he's a little younger.
A little.
But I mean, 28 isn't exactly what I call like real, real young.
Now, what is your rose call, real?
Okay, so, no, it's serious that I'm worried about him.
I really am.
Running around to the high school is checking out all these young athletes.
They were having a very intensive conversation about that this morning.
And Defoe kept sliding farther and farther across away on the table
from the big, big head big dog.
Ten minutes after 11 at 5, 60, WQ.
I don't have to have rats in your room or rats on your floor
for your carpets to be schmozzy.
In fact, you know, it happens to the best of us.
Even if you're very, very neat like my mother,
that's right.
Even if you're one of those fuss budgets like Ma.
That every time, like any day like this, there's a hair on the floor.
You got to like pick it up.
It doesn't make any difference because it's just the way life is.
Your carpets get full of crap.
And if you want them looking just like brand new,
if you want to have a great job done guaranteed every time you know who to call,
the people to drive concepts.
Why would you even think about calling somebody else or schlepping home
having equipment and try to do it yourself?
You can't do it.
It's going to be a mess.
Drive concepts come in there exactly when they tell you they're going to be there.
They do the job fast and a couple hours after they leave,
your carpets are dry and ready to rock and roll again.
And they give you a written guaranteed price out front people
that even start doing the job.
They also do a great job of furniture cleaning for you,
drapery cleaning, spot dying, fiber protection, carpet repairs,
implant oriental rug service, the authorization,
even complete water damage restoration.
A super job at a fair price every time when you do business with ride concepts,
which I've been doing for a zillion years now.
In Dead County, call them at 305 930 36 36 930 36 36 in Broward 954 5 8 147 39 5 8 147 39
upon beach 5 6 1 9 30 0 47 39.
How do you have a heart or a liver?
Are you ready for the hottest on the edge toilet tissue
to ever hit your ass that you're ready for XTP extreme toilet paper?
This ain't your typical two-ply.
It's heavy duty to handle the heaviest duty you can throw at it.
We're talking super charged turbo fly-corrigated cardboard with an attitude.
You're in the inner fry circle and you're in the piping out the coming on.
We're talking over the top and up your butt.
Can you handle it XTP?
It's not just tissue. It's an utterly gnarly rad two-gitter way to take care of business
that'll lead you gripping the edge of your toilet seat.
Extreme toilet paper.
When you want to do more than just wipe,
you want to wipe out.
Okay, it's time to wipe this light clean as well.
It is 1115 at 560 WQAM,
where we just keep rolling along oblivious to all of the insensitivities
and all the outrageousness that goes on around us here.
All of the bush leagmas.
We have an open-line and grower too and dead.
And by the way, I won't read this thing.
This is a short article, but I will read it today.
From the op-ed page in the hero,
the papal police, der's death penalty, fewer,
don't mix religion and politics.
And it's reprinted from an article in the four-worth star telegram.
But underneath it, of course, they have to make sure to give
equal time for another article in the same paper
by this Bob Raist Sanders guy.
It looks like he may have a little bit of a suntan,
but I'm not sure.
And then underneath there's some good stuff on the op-ed page.
They never write anything good themselves on the editorial page,
but the op-ed stuff is pretty good.
Like Max J. Castro,
a special contributor who says,
oh, he's a senior research associate
and the daddy Fissell North-South Center
at the University of Miami.
Nice call on Max, who says,
re-instate Washington DC official,
fired for using the word,
niggeredly.
And by the way, this guy that used the word niggerly
is out of the closet,
out of the closet, white queen is what he is.
White gay male,
used the word niggeredly,
and right away, oh, well,
we've got to be getting him out of here,
because he said nigger.
He said, niggeredly, niggeredly,
niggeredly is what he said.
Don't be so niggeredly and doubly.
Man,
wouldn't you be embarrassed?
If you were the mayor, of course,
when you're following Mary and Biry,
I guess it takes a lot to be embarrassed.
But if you were the mayor of a major metropolitan
of the city, especially the one where the goddamn capitalism,
where all these guys are getting blow jobs
and all this stuff is going on,
and the impeachment hearings just seem never to end,
and you're so stupid that you fire a guy
based on a rumor because the guy used the word niggeredly
and the people who heard it were so stupid
they didn't understand the word that he'd be saying.
Jesus Christ Almighty,
unbelievable, niggeredly.
In fact, even in Newsweek here,
every goddamn magazine, every newspaper,
the slur that wasn't,
DC's mayor draws fire in a war over words.
David Howard, the openly gay head of the mayor's
constituent services office,
had used the word niggeredly in reference
to his department's funds.
Chief, miserly, niggeredly,
with a D, with an ARD, niggered.
Maybe that's the word.
Maybe that's what what's his name said.
There were any OJ trauma.
Maybe that's what Del Mark Ferman said.
Maybe he just said that some of those scumbags
in the streets were niggeredly.
That's the n word that he,
all he did was say that he used the n word.
After they finally cornered him
and they first delight about it,
he used the word niggeredly.
Isn't that what he said?
No.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I have something nice to tell you.
Yes.
That I was driving around,
and there was a car,
and it had a license tag,
and it said Neil fans.
Really?
That's what I was driving around.
Isn't that wonderful?
How do you like that?
I loved it.
That's the n word.
Thank you, sweetheart.
I tell the man going to Italy to try Venice.
Oh.
Yeah.
No, no.
Okay.
And then Fort Lauderdale reported $1.5.
What is it?
For the luggage card,
$1.5 in Fort Lauderdale.
It is?
That's a rip off.
That's right.
That's the word.
But at least for Lauderdale,
airport is small.
You don't have to,
I mean,
what do you really need a luggage card
there for when you come right down to it?
You know?
Because you got to wait.
You got to wait for what?
A cab, you know.
Oh, you mean outside?
Yeah.
I see what you're saying.
But I mean, like inside the airport,
see when you go to like a really a real airport,
like a real big gigantic place
where you have to walk hundreds and hundreds of yards
to go for months,
you really need them badly there.
Yeah, Miami.
Yes, I'd pay $5 in Miami.
And then that's why they're soaking you too.
But you're great.
Okay, have a great day.
Thank you.
Yeah, now don't say you'd pay $5 in Miami
because then they'll be,
by this weekend they'll jack the rate up to $5.
I mean, it's just ridiculous.
Two bucks to use one of those cards
and the porters are bitching.
Oh, it's going to cut down on our tips.
Let me say it again.
How do the porters and the other airports
around the rest of the world
in real tourist places?
And I use that again.
Real tourist places.
How do they make it?
How do they survive?
With all those carts.
With all the ways that the people have to avoid
and having to pay them to schlep their luggage, huh?
All of these things.
Right.
How do they make it?
Maybe somebody out there being only answered that.
And by the way, have you noticed all the
combi-o places on the streets around here?
All the change your places?
No.
No.
Like I said, you can tell a major,
a real world-class city.
If there are lots of currency exchange places,
like maybe on every other street corner,
there's another one,
like an Amsterdam,
like in Rome,
like in a real city.
Change currency exchange.
That means you've got lots of visitors from all over.
And you would think since supposedly,
this is the capital of Latin America in North,
wouldn't you?
But then again, who wants to take those crappy pesos anyway, right?
And those, what do they got?
What is it in Brazil, La Rial?
Oh, get.
In fact, when I sign that on a lot of my cars,
I sign that get-re-all.
And the way things are going right now,
I'm going to say,
give them back,
because that ain't worth a crap that Brazilian money.
They're screwing us up, by the way, those Brazilians.
Do we have any Brazilians here at all?
No.
Two drag queens.
Here's Tamara.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
How are you doing?
Great.
So, Neil, since you are such a humanitarian,
I was wondering if I could take this chance
and you were talking about the earthquake in Colombia.
Yes.
Well, we own a restaurant out here on Pine Island
and commercial where a donation center for the people
and we're asking for blankets, canned foods,
or anything like that.
So if I could spread out the word and give you an address here,
it's 8765 Northwest 57th Street,
just north of commercial on Pine Island,
and the name of the restaurant is Adepa, Rlandia.
So, if the Spanish people are out there,
what's the name of the restaurant?
Say it again.
Adepa, Rlandia Cafe.
Are they Paranja?
There you go, sir.
Wow.
What does that mean?
Well, it's Colombian food.
We got to teach our own as we got your ease.
So, we got everything for you.
But I was just hoping that people would come out
and give a helping hand out to the Colombian people,
which I hear you love them so much.
You get to do it.
You say they're beautiful and I appreciate that.
They are.
And we need a lot of help.
So if anybody's out there listening
and can give a helping hand on canned foods or towels,
you know, anything that's, you know,
that's usable for the people.
Right.
And anything that the Pope did not leave behind.
Exactly.
Right.
Exactly.
So, I appreciate the opportunity and thank you so much for what you do.
You bet.
Okay.
Keep up the good work.
All right.
Thank you.
Okay.
There you go.
How do you like that?
That was the Erepa guy.
Wasn't that what he said?
Arepa Nania or something like that?
What's that?
You don't like Arrepa?
I think that's probably one of the better things
they have at the stadium.
What?
I like cornbread.
You just heard that thing about the Arrepa Queen
and you got all been out of shape.
We have two open lines and date one in Broward.
56705, 60 in Palm 5, 60 on it.
That's the brand.
That's what they call them there.
They're the Arrepa Queen.
I've met her.
Here's a crawlgable.
Hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yes, sir.
I'm just a niggardly thing.
Yes.
You wouldn't happen to catch the worst team on ABC, so they did you?
No.
They had a big to do about it.
You know, the Sam Donelson and so forth.
And it turns out that the man who took offense was passed over
for the job by the guy who used the word.
Right.
Yeah, that's in the Newsweek story, right?
Yeah.
And they went through it.
So they used the niggardly for the whole 15 minutes at the end of the show
was kind of funny watching them.
And Sam Donelson says, well, I'm afraid he's just word from that one.
It says there is some speculation that the black aide who spread word of these
supposed slur had hoped to get Howard's job.
Mm-hmm.
Right.
He was passed over for the job, actually.
Yeah.
And as soon as he had a chance and the story broke and they said this is what's happening.
And they were in this...
We got the word police again.
And even if he didn't say exactly the right word, you better watch it
because then the claim that you did say the word, then you got real tourists.
Well, this is what George Will was saying.
He says, well, what am I going to do?
Walk down the street.
Tell me, is this going to face up at all of a sudden I'm going to become offended
because they said something about me?
That's right.
Just if we call him a Nazi, which he is, I mean, he should be used to that by now.
Right.
He says, he says you can't take it personally.
This is the way you did the eye-to-eye thing.
He says you can't take it.
Inspector Old Nazi, that's what he is.
Right. If he can't take it, then go back to Chicago.
That's right.
You're getting too sensitive.
And he says this is a problem with the world.
And you know, we're ever getting on everybody else's nerves.
When you come right down to it though, you can imagine George Will using the word nigger, can't you?
I mean, let's face it.
Why not?
Oh, yeah.
Okay, have a great day.
I mean, can't you imagine George Will, this pretty little right-wing fascist with his bitty little eyes, you know.
And a bad, bad.
And that's our question.
Who's got the worst hair on the ABC Morning Show on Sunday morning?
Is it Sam Donaldson with the Mao Zsie Wig or George Will, which I think it's real, by the way, but God is it bad?
We have an open line in Broward one in day five six seven oh five 60 in pound five 60 on the AT&T line.
We got the Hank Goldberg show from the Shula State two at two o'clock.
We got Boog Shambi briefly at six.
We got the Panther pregame at seven.
I'm almost forgetting.
I'm almost forgetting we got the big game tonight, baby.
Second time in three or four weeks, Maple Leafs at the Macarena tonight.
They better not be one FDC.
That place better be rocking.
We better hear some real enthusiasm tonight.
Go Leafs.
Go.
Go.
Go.
You know who am I going to be rooting for you know you guys on a morning show you better get with the pro 40 years.
How many people in this town have been a sports fan of one team for 40 years?
I mean most of the audience hasn't been alive for 40 years, but can you imagine being the fan of one team for 41 years?
It is now by the way.
And like I'm going to just drop that loyalty for you know like some of these guys drop their pants.
No chance.
No way Jose, baby.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pemberer Pines.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey name how are you?
Okay.
What are the check with you?
How come you're not you know on the Grammy show is that it was all done through its history.
It's over. It's bonito.
They don't pay now for what's the problem.
I mean we love the shoulder.
They took the show off sir.
They took the show off because they hated me like poison and the feeling was mutual.
And the embarrassment finally comes to an end.
I'm delighted.
And how about like you know interviewing Al Goldstein on your show?
How about interviewing him about what?
Just generally.
You know what Al Goldstein's always doing?
You're looking for the glory hole.
That's right. He's busy.
He's an incident.
He's whatever he is he's eating.
He's too busy to be talking about. He's eating.
Oh okay.
And what's the story with the cigar lady?
With the cigar lady?
Yeah.
Monica Lewin.
Okay.
We have an open line and a day in two and a row.
There's the other way around four.
Open lines everywhere on the board.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Is that guy anything to say?
No.
Did I miss something?
No.
Here's a mobile in four-letter mail as we start coming to a screeching halt here this morning.
Hello.
Daniel.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
We're starting to slow down big time.
Yeah.
You're setting that luggage card subject.
So I had to call on.
I'm the Julio that called you a few months ago.
Offer you limo service to the airport.
Yeah.
And then like you badmouthed me and stuff once I got off the phone and stuff.
That amount you about what?
I don't know.
My brother said I'm not writing no damn Julio or something.
My brother said he's heard you say that or something.
It's no big deal.
Anyway, I still love you.
I've written with many Julio's pal.
Believe me.
You know, it's funny though, because I can understand the port is being frustrated.
I mean, screw the port is, but I mean, I understand where they're coming from though.
You know, I worked at the airport and I see the people coming out of customs with like.
You have this old couple with like eight pieces of luggage.
And here they are with one on each shoulder, you know, rolling one, dragging the other one and, you know, busing their ass.
And they don't want to give the guy, you know, three or four dollars to take the luggage to them, you know, out to the car to the rental desk or whatever it is.
Because they're cheap.
They're a bunch of slippers.
Don't tell them.
You should know the kind of people that we have coming here.
First of all, the only tourist we have left after the super bowl is over the French-Canadians, the frogs who are cheaper than sawdust.
They're not going to give any tip to anybody.
Recently, I took this couple out and the guy, you know, the porter takes the luggage off the thing.
The customer that was with me gives him a dollar, one dollar.
The guy looked at me.
I was like, hey, don't look at me.
I'm not with this guy.
But people are so goddamn cheap.
And then they'd rather pay two dollars for the car than give the guy three dollars.
I don't know.
That's right. There you go.
I just saved the book.
All right, you know.
Parley, who cheap skates?
Just keep that in mind.
Every time you see one of those frogs, cheap skates, cheap skates.
Never a great day.
That's why they don't want to pay to go to the ice.
The ice remain down there.
You don't want to hit the skating place.
They're looking for a cheap skate.
We have a look at that one call left on the board.
All right, let's hear it for this audience today.
Now we're in a half of a steady non-stop phone calls.
Very good.
Now we're coming to a screeching halt like we do every day on a show.
Now it's starting to look a lot more like the board on a morning show.
Seriously, I've never seen anything like it in my life.
Maybe it's just that they're allergic to this building.
Maybe they're audience.
I mean, those sports, there's our little bit slow.
Maybe they haven't caught onto that new phone number yet.
That could be it.
Huh?
Maybe if Defoe would just give that number a little bit more slowly.
We'd kill a lot more good time.
And then, you know, then they'd be in another one of their 10
and a commercial breaks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
That's our toll free number for the entire world.
We're back on the audio net.
Back and forth, Meyer.
Everything is, you know, hunky-dory.
Got a bunch of crappy cheap equipment upstairs that don't work.
They can't hear each other on the inner combat.
But don't complain, OK?
Because Greg Reed will come down and tell you with a straight face
that it's state of the art that he knows how to do it right.
And you look at him and go get out of here.
28 after 11 at QAM, our friends over at Emmer Coast.
Let me say it again.
They're from Toronto.
They're big maple leaf fans.
I didn't even know that till Brian told me that today.
Now, I know I like them so much.
Besides the fact they feed me for free.
Now, they won't feed you for free,
but the prices are very modest over there,
especially for the gigantic amount of great fresh, delicious food,
every kind of Chinese entrey,
and lots more, too, by the way.
Not just Chinese food, but they've got that great gourmet center.
A sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki chicken and steak and shrimp
and seafood and hand-carb prime rib.
They've got a sushi bar, a full-soul of bar featuring fresh shrimp cocktail.
And don't forget, they never use any MSG.
They cook only with cholesterol-free canola oil,
which is why everything is so fresh tasting and delicious.
They've got a full bar with beer wine and cocktails.
And a dessert bar that is unbelievable.
They've got cakes and pies and chocolates,
cream puffs, mounds, or fresh fruit.
Even be watermelon over there.
How do you like that?
And ice cream with all your favorite toppings, too.
Now, two locations for you, by the way.
There's the original Emerald Coast in Sunrise on Pine Island,
a half-mile north of Oakland Park Boulevard.
And the brand-new Emerald Coast,
that one's on Collins Avenue in the R.K. Center in North Miami Beach,
limited reservations accepted.
Take out and delivery available as well.
Also taking reservations right now for Valentine's Day.
Please call now because it's going to be jam-packed as you'd expect.
And Sunrise call 954-572-3822.
That's right.
The road under ocean skies,
where girls are with girls,
and sellers with guys,
let's climb right up the cruise nest.
Drop anchor with me on the old tube deck.
You love the gay boat.
Soon we'll be making another run.
The gay boat.
Promise the Sastel-Tableds of fun.
Oh, you can be killed again.
I'll be the skipper.
I'll hide.
I'll hide, little buddy.
The sea.
Is the place you should go.
If you stay on deck,
I like to go below.
You love the gay boat.
Welcome aboard the gay boat.
You've been holding back.
You just tell me that now that you ran into fat boy yesterday,
and actually had a heartwarming handshake reunion.
I've blocked it out of my mind.
Did he say thanks for all the recommendations, Pally?
Thanks for all the good words you put in for me.
Pally, did you say that?
You couldn't understand why I was trying to stand back.
Did you say that?
No, not to me.
Oh, other people.
I'm just hearing this right.
I'm talking about to your face.
Anybody can say the truth behind your back and what they really feel.
That takes no talent.
But to look at you like to your face and say,
Hey, fat boy, you're an asshole.
Which if he would come down here,
I'd be glad to look at him and say,
Hey, you're an asshole and a trouble maker.
But thanks for the attached scan rating stuff,
which our PD couldn't get.
In fact, if our PD wants to come down here right now,
I tell him, hey, you're a dummy and you're useless.
And you're also a...
Okay, let's go to Sunny Isles.
Hello.
Hello.
Sunny Isles, yes.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, I am.
Yeah, I'm in town from Toronto.
I come to see the Leafs.
All right, go Leafs, go, Big E.
Yeah, yeah, I wanted to talk to you about the key.
Go Stevie Sullivan, go Mike Johnson,
go Sergey Berrazen, go, uh, Brian Burrard.
There's Thomas.
Stevie Thomas, have it a big year.
Nice going, Stevie.
Go Matt Sambien, go Frederick, Modine.
Go Kujo.
Do you think they got the team to go all the way?
Or do you think they need another couple players?
Yeah, you know, it's hard to say.
It's only, you know, we still got a long way to go.
They play 49 games, got 30, uh, some games left to go.
They're doing this.
The whole city of Toronto is holding their collective breath
waiting for the collapse.
But it doesn't happen.
It doesn't happen, man.
We had that one crappy game against the penguins.
They threw in there, which was long overdue for a clicker like that.
They come back against Washington, tried to blow the game Saturday.
But held on for dear life, thanks to Kujo.
And in last night, they go to Tampa and just blow them off.
Like a, you know, because they suck.
Treating nothing.
We're kicking ass, baby.
What is it going to say?
They got a nice team.
They got a nice balance team.
The only weakness we got are defense.
You know, they like that wide open pad, quen style.
So defensively, you know, we got a few problems there.
But Kujo is holding up.
What is it?
Defense is all rookie.
Yeah.
But you were talking yesterday.
You were ramping about new stadiums and that.
We got a new stadium opening up in Toronto.
Yeah, I wonder what you're opinion.
New York Canada Center.
Yeah.
I was just a couple of weeks ago just drove right by it in the taxi cab.
It looks real nice on the outside.
Yeah.
But you know, how are they ever going to replace the gardens?
You know, they can never replace it.
Yeah, you never really can.
Plus, I mean, this new air Canada Center is in such a goofball location out there by the sky.
I mean, one thing about Maple Leaf Garden, so it's right in the middle of downtown.
You could walk there.
You could take the subway route off there.
Yeah.
It was great.
But look, look at it.
Yeah.
And one more thing, I wholeheartedly agree with you on the, uh,
yeah, so frogs try sharing a country with them.
I know.
Okay.
If you guys were smart, you should have said yes.
You guys can have your own country.
We don't want anything to do with it.
That's what you should be saying.
Next time.
Yeah.
Good luck.
I'll see you.
Golees go.
Maybe area go.
There's a real hockey fan who knows Steve Sullivan from Margaret Sullivan.
We have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty.
And now that I'm out of my blood is starting to start smoking a little bit.
Okay.
Better than things coming back.
Now my, uh, the blood is full a little bit.
Now that I talk to like a real Toronto Maple Leaf fan.
Somebody really knows about hockey.
Instead of these bowsos down here.
Most of them would know a hockey puck.
If you're stuck in deep inside their nose.
Or stuck about four of them in there.
Correct.
It wouldn't know.
So sad.
You know, the waste their time.
Here it is.
It's the third of February.
Got the Russian rocket on the team.
And what are they talking about on the sports station?
Hey, you think they're going to want running backs.
They're going to be available this year.
You think you know, Danny's got that real crappy art.
He's got a weak arm.
Oh my god.
And I'm supposed to be the guy to talk to morons.
Let's get serious.
You can't complain about the sports fans in this town because you got to get a search party to find any real ones.
Here's a mobile in Pompo-no.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
First of all, the level between, uh, when you're not on the phone with me and.
Right.
And terrible.
So in other words, they still haven't done anything about that.
We screened and carried on yesterday.
What is wrong?
I know George Corso's got eight million things.
All of which are more important than us.
When are they ever going to get this straightened out?
Uh, I don't know.
I'm, I'm, damn it.
I'm the guy that first pointed out that, uh, that's static noise that you.
Well, that's going.
You'll ever hear that again.
Yeah.
Uh, you want to know why?
Well, I think because everything's over there now, right?
That's right.
You don't have that ISD in phone line and everything's going right up to the board upstairs.
And you'll never hear that.
You'll never hear that again.
So at least we're making a little bit of progress.
Very, very slowly.
I mean, I'd say very, very slowly.
I, uh, took a business trip over to.
I would say very, very, very, very slowly.
Yeah.
Really?
I mean, I took a business trip over to Fort Myers.
Yeah.
And it curls your toes to hear your signal over there on, on the other station.
Um, the EQ comes out.
Yeah.
It sounds like you're talking into a tin can.
And, you know, I'm so used to hearing your voice over here coming, coming through the AM over here.
Yeah.
It was like normally Q and, you know, you, you've got some timber to your voice.
So in some other words, you're saying it sounds like crap.
Is that what you're saying on that Fort Myers thing?
It's horrible.
I mean, I would, I would, I would, I would.
People in this company, you cheap ass bastards.
Okay.
They probably can't afford like for an equalized line over there to get it sounding like a real radio show.
So they just open up a pot and slap on anything just, you know, cheap.
I mean, it, it sounds like George, no offense George, but you sound like the bird over there.
Oh my God.
I mean, it's terrible.
And they just go off the chair.
You just get killed and stuff on a ballpoint pen.
And not only that, but, but like when they, when they do the break ins for commercials and stuff like that.
By the way, Hank thought George did a crappy show on Martin Luther King Day, by the way.
But I don't want to go into that.
Yes.
Well, when they do the cut ins, you know, when you announce the time and then you know,
they flip over to local advertising and stuff like that.
I'm a fan of calls, I guess.
Yes.
You wouldn't believe some of the spots that you hear over there.
Yeah, well, you know, something.
I mean, it's, it's out of my hands.
I mean, the people over there are kissing the ones who enjoy this show.
They kiss the ground.
They can get it at all.
And, you know, they get whatever they'll feed them over there.
Would you explain to me how would they?
The public company, baby.
And in fact, these, how much of these people really are French Canadians?
I'm sure, I'm sure.
I bet you're Greg Read and the Beastie boys.
How much of their Canadians?
Would you explain to me how it is that they call it 2 a.m.
over there?
Isn't there, isn't there a separate station with separate call letters?
Yes.
WCN, but nobody ever heard of that.
Plus, they'd have to put their own stuff in there.
So they don't care.
They own both stations so they just slap it on.
And that's how, that's how it slips you out of the whole thing is, you know.
I mean, you know, I, you know, I always heard you talking about that you were over there.
And you know, you wonder why you don't get calls and everything over there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, you don't know.
I know we hit plenty of listeners.
We don't have a phone line.
We don't have a toll-free line for them to call on.
We get some, if you call, but they have to pay for themselves and the phone call too.
What an embarrassment.
Yeah.
He really is.
And speaking of Hank, when he put his show on, they cut him off at five o'clock and they put some
retard on over there.
Well, there you go.
I mean, it's like I said, it's just like a patchwork of whatever crap they want.
They open up a pot and they stick some bells on whatever they can sell.
That's the beastly effing way, man.
Unbelievable.
Have a right day.
Can I just, whatever you say?
Well, my finger was on it, man.
You're, blah, blah, blah.
He's a good guy, but he just pushed his luck.
And I pushed the button.
We have an open-lighted day one in Broward, five six seven o'clock, five sixty,
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm glad that I can't hear the, what's in Fort Myers.
That thing over there.
I'm seven seventy.
I'm glad I can't hear.
And we get the spy reports all the time.
People telling us about how they chop us off.
And they come in in the last, the last half of a comedy bit,
because they've got extra cheap spots, dollar a holler,
they're selling over there, whatever they're doing.
So sad, so sad, but so true, because this is what Greg Read and the Beastly boys think is really broadcast.
And that's what they think it's all about.
And we apologize for that, by the way, even though it's not our responsibility,
we apologize for it, because they won't.
Because they think they know something, because they got a lot of money.
Which goes to prove to you, boys and girls, it's great to have a lot of money,
but that doesn't make you smart, okay?
Doesn't make you smart.
Just like George says, he'd rather be smart and poor.
And believe me, they're working on it.
19 till noon at 5.60.
Q. I'm speaking, if you're poor, if you're maybe smart or not,
not so smart and making a difference, you probably need some cash.
Maybe you'd like to get a fourth or a second mortgage,
with interest rates as amazingly bone low as they are right now,
or even a duct consolidation loan.
Or maybe you need some cash to go to the hockey game that I get alone.
I mean, after all, you want to take the family, you'll need a loan.
Call our friends at A Atlantic Coast.
There is no application fee. There are no hidden charges.
There's no third degree. No jerk in you around.
They're great people to do business with.
They can take your application information right over the phone.
If you want, or they're coming to your home, your office, whatever.
And usually get your food within 24 hours.
So if you've had bad credit, crappy credit,
you're just tired of going through all the BS,
and the third degree with the big banks and lending institutions.
Do yourself a favor and do business with my cart and Jake at A Atlantic Coast.
Get the personal service you want and deserve.
Indeed, call 305-944-0733.
944-0733 and Broward and Palm Beach-954-987-8077.
It's 145-560-WQM.
I profuse thanks to whoever sent me this incredible,
this unbelievable facts from US News and World Report.
This is going to take a couple of minutes.
But you've got to hear this. This is the best.
My John Leo, a waspish, niggeredly slur is the heading.
It says the non-impeachment story of last week,
the last week of January, was the controversy over the word niggeredly.
David Howard, a white mayoral aide in Washington DC,
used the word in conversation with a black official,
who took offense because he felt that niggeredly,
which means miserly or cheap, was a racist term.
Howard offered his resignation,
which was accepted by Mayor Anthony Williams.
The mayor explained that although Howard didn't say anything that was in itself racist,
using a word that could be misunderstood,
was like getting caught smoking in a refinery with a resulting explosion.
The resignation of Howard was of course a shock and a tragedy,
but it had a good result, too.
It sensitized us to all the hidden and hurtful ethnic slurs that darkened,
oops, sorry, that afflict American life.
That afflict American life and allow the wily perpetrators to get off scot-free
or without any punishment at all.
That's why in February and March of 1999,
America's alert press court turned up staggering number of coded insults.
For example, a fancy dinner in Washington,
the British ambassador called the Japanese ambassador,
a jolly good chap.
Exactly the kind of slide detection that no one would have noticed
before the consciousness raising Howard case.
Luckily, a savvy column this pointed out that chap is unmistakably close to the insulting word,
JAP, so the British ambassador was recalled,
and is now serving a second assistant to the operations director of the Liverpool sewage works.
A similar verbal crisis arose in Chicago.
While presenting a bill to a Jewish patient,
a dentist said, don't be afraid of chewing down on it.
And as two day hearing before the city's human rights committee,
the dentist lately kept trying to argue that he was talking about his patient's new filling,
not about a bargaining trait,
often attributed to Jewish people by their detractors.
This guides this art in Manhattan.
I rate Polish Americans rallied outside the Museum of Modern Art,
convincing most people reminded onlookers
that the museum's courteousher on Jason Pollock was intended as a cutting attempt
to revive the demeaning term Pollock.
Religious controversy exploded and linked into brass.
Come on a diet instructor said to work class,
I think some of you are naturally snackers.
Catholics in the group caught on immediately identifying the apparent innocent remarks
as a co-version of Macroll Snackers.
A fair-minded local priest spoke out,
although natural snackers is not literally an anti-Catholic slur.
He declared the plane fact is that mentioning natural snackers
in the presence of Macroll Snackers was like curling agronate into a munitions dump.
And since then I did the manager of an art theater
was fired for showing the old Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers movie,
The Gay Divorce.
The manager pretended to be bewildered,
but an astute activist explained that the screening was a subtle homophobic slur
insinuating that any gay or lesbian marriages were bound to end in divorce.
White Anglo-Saxon protested Americans joined the debate.
They held a low-key rally in Bangor, Maine,
to express controlled but sincere grievance over such hurtful language
as the scotching of rumors,
welching on bets, the use of watchfish as a negative word,
and the inexplicable refusal of most musicians
to remove the word honky from honky-talk music.
The most serious of the covert slurs stirred emotions in Utica, New York.
Attacked Americans noted for three days after a local dish-jockey
blindly played the song containing the phrase,
as each day goes by.
I can't believe they're calling his day goes again,
said Giuseppe Abadanza, president of the Attacked American Alliance
against hate, discuracy, and ambiguous but perfectly actionable affronts.
Labeling the incident just another musical hate crime,
he managed to get the slur prone, prone disc jockey fired,
then Abadanza rushed off to North Bergen, New Jersey,
where other members of his anti-hate group were protesting
Berger King's insensitive decision to sell a large Berger called the Wapper
right in the middle of a proud-attended American community.
Next, they'll be starting a radio station with the callators W-O-P
or suggested that a tight-and-american's refresh themselves
with a vacation in New Guinea, quiped Abadanza.
But April, every ethnic group in America was in full cry.
German-Americans wanted the term,
Crout, removed from the word, Sauer Crout.
Asian-Americans resented the bigoted word,
Slope, in the name of Park Slope Brooklyn.
Hispanic activists shredded thousands of copies of a newspaper
that had dared to use the toxic phrase,
Spick and Span.
Some also demanded that the offensive title of Sigourney Weaver's movie,
Alien Be Changed to, Undocumented Worker.
But in May, everything began calming down.
A columnist who specializes in ethnic bias said,
maybe we're finding bigotry where it doesn't actually exist.
Shocking at first is novel idea caught on.
By June angry discoverers of artfully hidden bias,
Roda Faction, people went back to the impeachment trial,
the crisis was over.
Oh!
By John Leo in this week's US News and World Report.
Thank you very much, whoever faxed it. God bless you.
Here's the Hollywood. Hello.
Deal, guys.
Yes, sir.
I guess there really aren't any real sports trans down here, Neil.
I haven't heard anybody call in on this.
Well, first of all, have you heard Eugene Robinson as off the hook?
Yeah, but then see they keep talking about that.
But that's not the story.
I mean, he shouldn't be on the hook in the first place.
Nobody cares about that.
They just don't get the story.
I know.
The story is that here's a hypocrite.
Here's the profit.
Here's the Bible quote in the award receiving the same warning.
Yet the award is being a great moral leader, et cetera,
and so on, and a great role model.
He goes out and he's looking for a blowjob on this game.
Well, that's the story, and they just don't want to get it.
I know they don't get it.
Also, Neil, I don't know if anybody's brought it to your attention or not,
but a little disappointed in John L. White.
I saw his press conference on ESPN, one of them that he had.
And I almost fell off my chair.
He happened to have mentioned not only Auto Nation USA and also Republic Industries
as some of his investments, but he also mentioned Neil Wayne.
Yeah.
And I could not believe it.
Why was he talking about his investments?
They were badgering him with questions, and he just happened to mention it.
As far as his retirees.
That's another reason that sports press conferences are always the time and are stupid
that they shouldn't be on here anywhere.
Who cares about where John L. Ways investments are and whose business is it?
It just, I just wanted to point out to you that it shocked me that he even mentioned Wayne Heisengan.
I would also have to say.
Well, maybe he loves Wayne Heisengan.
I mean, who knows?
Maybe they're redating.
I don't know.
Just the same with the request that he could play the Wayne is an asshole.
Okay.
Great thing.
Okay. What did he say about Wayne?
He's an asshole.
We know that.
Two open lines in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, DC.
But there's a guy that was watching a press conference.
I mean, guy would grant you John L. Ways.
You know, they just want to Super Bowl again.
Now, let me ask you.
Can you three Pete before you repeat?
No.
Huh?
In fact, I had a, I had a facts from Pete Bolger the other day.
And he said to me, how many lives have I allegedly ruined your run of your call me the assassin?
And I said, three Pete.
That's right.
Then I can take it right off the top of my head.
Oh, there's a, that's three Pete.
If I, if I hear one more asshole, one more sports nerd.
Say that three Pete, I'm going to like up chuck all.
I'd rather do due diligence than here three Pete.
Oh, he's got to come back for the three Pete.
I mean, we're sports fans always this dumb.
I mean, were they always stupid in America? God.
Here's a dear field B.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I was listening to Hank yesterday and he agrees with you that you, you robber said isn't hypocrite?
Yeah.
But somebody, somebody call him and told him there's no facts in the NFL and cordless towards.
Pick up a male prostitute and try to keep it undercover.
Said who, who said would you read that?
No, Hank said it yesterday.
Hank said it yesterday that a cordless Stewart picked up a male prostitute and try to keep it undercover.
Where do you win? What time did he say this?
He got caught yesterday.
What time did Hank say this?
Around three.
Yeah, around three o'clock.
Yeah.
Okay, we'll check the tape.
Likely story.
Okay, we have an open line of day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 to wireless church.
Church.
Then what I said, the wireless church.
There's no fact in the NFL.
Well, we know that that Dave Kopeh.
He was just the odd man out, you know, so to speak.
He was just a troublemaker.
All those stories about the redskins, you know, about the great teams that they used to have that were mostly a bunch of facts.
The team that showers together.
Anybody with a brain that wants to be honest, we know about the team that showers together.
That's a big club you moron.
We have an open line of days five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 to thank God.
I'll tell you one thing as a real hockey fan.
Thanks God that there's.
Hey, girls.
Are you tired of your trip or sniffles?
Thank God that there's no fact in NHL.
Well, I tell you one thing, man.
I'm slipping and the old man is really slipping.
Open line and date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18 to wireless line.
Let's ask Adam.
Oh, it's he'll tell you there's no facts in the NHL.
It'll be the first one to tell you.
Here's a lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'm calling you on my nape leaf phone that I got at nape leaf garden.
Oh, right.
I'm calling my jersey tonight and I, it gets better.
I'm going to the game next Wednesday up there at the real garden.
Now who they play next when they're not the Panthers is this?
No, no, no, the Cains.
But that was like.
Well, they're playing the Carolina Hercules next Wednesday.
Yeah, it's the second to the last game.
Right.
February the 11th will be the last game ever.
It may believe gardens by the way, which will be a very so that's a week from Saturday.
No, the 13th is the last one.
Like I said, the 13th.
Right, right.
What day of the week is that?
Okay, the 13th is a Saturday and that's the black hawks.
But I couldn't afford the scalpers for that one.
So I'm going on Wednesday to do the hurricanes.
And I'm so excited.
I can't wait on a blame.
Then you'll see what a real facility is all about.
Then you'll see what a real hockey ambiance is all about.
Well, I'm really sad that they're moving, but I'm glad they're not tearing it down like Boston Gardens.
No, they're going to, they're still be playing the minor league games there.
That's to be doing a lot of stuff.
Right.
So we still be molesting the, you know, young guys, they're all kinds of stuff.
I'll be going on.
Can you possibly help me fill a seat tonight?
I have an extra ticket.
My husband is out of town.
Yeah.
He's neither here nor there.
But I would like someone to go and I'm willing to trade for something that I don't want, which is a Jovenovky Jersey.
I don't get it.
I'm missing you.
You're willing to trade for a Jovenovsky Jersey?
Right.
Because somebody else has some other hockey thing that I do want.
And he wants an extra large Jersey.
Oh, I see.
For somebody else.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But the seats are good.
They're on the aisle.
But you only have one ticket that you want to give away.
You want to swap.
Right.
Okay.
Well, give your junior number and we'll see what we can do for you.
Thank you.
We'll try to work it out.
Okay.
Hang on.
Okay.
Go leave, go.
Okay.
Whatever line she's on, talk to her.
Okay.
She's got something.
She's got something.
This thing is like unacceptable.
I can't even talk to the callers anymore.
The levels are on the phone system and the overhead.
It's, it's crap.
And I can get all exercise and better shape.
And you know, because it's embarrassing to me because I'm the one that's on the ear here.
But you have to understand Greg.
We doesn't care.
Our program director doesn't care.
It's obvious that our engineers don't care because they're like overworked and underpaid.
And they just gave up a long time ago.
Yeah, I asked our George Corso, our engineers and not a bad driver.
I asked him how long is this crap going to go on?
He said, I don't give a sh**.
That's what he said.
So they don't care.
So what am I getting all worked up about?
It just sounds like such crap.
And I think back to those early days, the first month is so on the ear in this place and hearing all these little,
all these commercials that nobody could understand.
And they looked at us like, you know, what, what do you come play?
What's wrong with you guys?
That's the way we do it here, man.
You actually want commercials that people can understand what there's that they want.
They're done by adults.
You know, Lenny Martez is our production guy.
You know, he's going to be doing all the spots and other guys that can't speak.
You know, what's wrong with you?
What's your vignette pickers?
But it's just a little bit difficult adjusting to.
Do you follow what I'm saying?
Yeah, a little bit tough to adjust to.
We have an open line in date, 566, 705, 60,
05, 560 on the AT&T wireless line, 1157 at 560 WQAM.
The Neil Roger Show.
Now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
It puts a large in the basket.
Oh!
Build the cars in Monica, the China.
She lets out a giggle.
When he makes it way go.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and herb a china she's all mine.
Well, he don't know where a stove he goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor, door and human horror.
And then Arkansas, the term Cedar Box, means saw her naked.
Oh!
The cars report can lead to go in blind.
Now listen, he was working hard late nights in the overy office.
Working on a practical joke.
He took a mac and noodle, put an explode in.
And then he was working on a small stove.
Build the cars in Monica, the China.
Oh, right.
She lets out a giggle.
Every time he makes it way go.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Brackdom.
Okay.
Oh!
Oh!
She lets out a giggle.
Every big and tiny makes it way go.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and herb a china she's all mine.
Oh!
Can you see it?
Yes!
It's not the inside.
Oh!
Yes!
What you got to do is take a sip of real love.
And put it in a breath.
Okay.
Oh!
Yes!
Oh!
Yes!
Moles in Hockey Night in Canada on CBC.
Brought to you by Moles and X4.
X said it all.
By Ford of Canada.
Where quality is job 1.
It's working.
I am Muriel Oil and Ethyl Egocius.
How do they want to believe in sponsors of you, hockey and Canada?
And by Ethyl Egocius, God I have it.
I think I'm going to set my camera to the center of pass for him.
If he doesn't wear, he's too small.
Okay.
Just get ready for Night's Big Game boys.
You know, Turolo 5 and 560 WQ and his wish comes.
You see that?
You see that?
We have an open line in Broward 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 05, 5, 60 on a mobile phone line.
That's what Graham James always used to say.
Nothing like a good goose, eh?
And those kids did run like a bastard.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah, I'm healed.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm calling about how good that fact was.
Wasn't that great?
Yeah, I was actually.
It was beautiful.
You know, I'm amazed that I'm glad the people from the Harold didn't have to reprint that or else we'd never be able to read it.
Exactly.
And the amazing thing is I was lucky enough to be educated in Toronto.
Really?
And I moved down here in 76.
Yeah.
And I went to school my last year, my senior year in Cooper City High School.
And I'll tell you what, the literacy level in there was way down.
Right.
Because it just was shocking.
Well, Canadians are only about what?
100 years ahead of us.
Too bad that Luni and Worth of Crap had never less than 300 years ahead of us, like I said.
I'm really going to miss the gardens being on too.
The shame.
Oh, I'll tell you what, I had some great times there as a young kid growing up.
You know, the Air Canada Center looks really great on the outside, but you know, it looks like another one of these glitzy.
I mean, maybe the inside is different, I don't know.
But so many of these new arenas, they look nice, but they're the same.
You know, it's like the baseball stadiums.
They made them all pretty much all the same.
Until I got to Camden Yards.
Yeah.
And they wanted Jacob's field, but it just never be the same.
They don't have the ambience.
Right.
And being downtown, it was awesome.
You could go get a great astronomy sandwich and go see a great game.
Amen.
What's next to me?
Oh, it's excellent.
I remember you had a dating show about 14 years ago at that late at night.
Yeah.
I used to talk to my mom, Dr. Dale.
And she used to be on the phone with you all the time, late at night.
And you had a picture taken to her and in the paper and a whole bit.
And you had that dating show.
Right.
And you had a great day.
And I hope to at least do it tonight.
We're going to kick some ass tonight.
All righty.
Okay, see that.
Yeah, it's not going to be like the last game.
But they go to sleep in the third period.
Okay.
That was only a three nothingly.
We get about a seven nothingly.
Night kicks and very serious ass.
We have an open line in day one and briming.
I'm sorry.
You know, I apologize to all those you people think I should be some kind of a turn coat and start rooting against the team.
I've been a fan of for 40 years, but you know what?
Two freaking bad.
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in the sunrise.
Hello.
How you doing?
Great.
I want to learn today.
I went and get what guess what you see?
What I found the train.
Wendy the loose African American history.
Very important to learn more about the rich culture and the experience of black African.
Was that was this one responded by Dave Thomas or Isaiah Thomas?
I think of the day of Thomas.
You know, Frank Thomas.
You've got more of other rich experiences of black African Americans.
We recommend the black 100 that I have a dream.
The black African achievement in my third one.
Yeah, African American answer book.
Oh, fit.
Okay, I want to go down and get them.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, I'm going to go to Wendy's.
I've got to go through the drive through and then I'll stop at the library and pick up on all of those.
Okay.
There is no such thing as an African American.
Let me say it again.
Have you ever heard of an African Canadian?
No.
No.
An African Dutchman?
No.
An African Italian?
No.
There is no such thing as an African American.
Stop saying it.
Stop referring to yourselves as it.
You're being brainwashed.
You're being used again.
You're being categorized.
You're being manipulated.
And why you're getting rid of that?
Get rid of that shoe foro and all that crap too.
And get shoe foro and Kishon.
Get rid of those.
That'll be a good start.
And then maybe we can all get long.
Here's the cruel springs.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
When you're talking with these right wing church people that call you?
Ever accused you of being a master debater?
No.
How about accounting linguists?
No.
Okay. Thank you.
How about getting some new material?
Do you think this?
Yeah.
See there, you're going another one.
And Hank has the audacity to say that I talk to Moran's.
We talk only to educated people.
That was fun.
Yeah, right.
We all talk to Moran's everyday.
Hank get used to it.
I know it's not an appealing thought, but you know what's the percentage?
What just happened there?
We were rolling along, seeing it along in the song.
And this guy was so bad that everybody just dropped off immediately.
Look at that.
He's killed the phone.
It looked to me like somebody diddled our phone right there is what it looked like.
We have an open line of date all three and Broward.
Somebody is screwing around with a phone system to get over there at Bell South.
You know something?
I think you know now that norm is up and around again my attorney.
We better start suing Bell South.
You know that Larry mixed and they've been screwing around with our phone systems on and off for years.
I'll never forget that one day when I reach about I could say the effort on the year 400 times in row.
We still couldn't buy a call.
I reach over here and find out that every line of the board is dead.
The whole phone system is down.
I've been doing this.
I've been around the block a few times.
Larry mixed it.
Okay.
I've been doing this to God damn long not to know when your people are out there, you know,
patching around with our crap.
We got enough problems on the inside here without you messing around with our crap.
Okay.
Broward lines, all three of them might open 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
10 after noon at 5, 60 WQM if you're looking for a new car truck or sport utility,
then get yourself out of Potemkin Toyota.
There's the...
The man of safety, the oldies drive on at our feet.
Our building and our arena pours up by heavy heat.
Happy to a arena, somehow don't seem right.
Better as kept always for financial advice.
Oh, in the end is my cow.
There's no basketball.
They're all on strike.
Right, let's turn the place down and ensure the chance would show a thing.
Before we move our ass to the town of Staten,
okay.
Nice, that's that.
Oh!
Nice, that's that.
That's it.
You, that's it.
That's it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You like that too?
Yeah, I think that's 12 fortune at 5, 60 WQM.
Don't forget we got the Panthers and it's Ronald Meepalace.
I thought I was three tonight.
Three games short, 7 o'clock with the Gelden one.
Here's Miami.
Hello, you go. I'm speaking. Great. Listen to you. Basically, all I really wanted to get across to you was the fact that
Yes, well actually two things since I mentioned that after the normal thing. Yeah, did you notice what Stevie Wonder was wearing?
Yeah, we had we had 28 calls on it. We have gold, the media outfits that African on one arm and Jack asked on the other
Okay, move on then. Well, he can't see it anyway, so I don't blame him exactly. Well, hey, he's just being used and manipulated again
by the evil forces of darkness. Oh, sorry
Listen, did you hear anything? I wasn't able to listen to your show yesterday, unfortunately, but if my left ear would open up. I could hear something. Did you hear any
Do you about that NFL's Atlanta Falcon player that was urinating on the sideline?
There is a lot of other stuff. Yeah, we had several calls on that too. They said he was leaking out the window. I mean, taking a leak under the
Gatorade. Yeah, I know. Now, you know, it's interesting because once we start talking about that, people mentioned that during one of the
Jets games, they actually showed guys who were taking a leak. They were like covering them up with, you know, trying to
Well, wouldn't you think that during the course of a ball game, especially when each half lasts for like like an hour and a half something like that,
that they'd have like a portage on or something like kind of off to the side and conspicuously on the field where if a guy's got to go take a
Quick leak or maybe even something more serious that instead of, you know, leaking under the Gatorade there, I mean, you know, wouldn't you think that?
That's an actual football league where their trillions of dollars could afford a port of body. I told you why you used to play high school football? When I had to go
During the game, I told my coach coach I'm going to locker room. I'll be right back. Right. And I wrote over the locker room. I mean, I wouldn't whip it out
There like you see these games and you'll see somebody be all the while they're assisting so on so to the locker room right now. He must have an
Equipment adjustment. That means he's got diarrhea or something. He's got to take a dump, you know, exactly. He's adjusting.
All right. We'll take sure you're done. Okay, never forget it. Yeah, like for example, I was watching it. By the way, hasn't Vancouver really taken off since they got special
Ed? No, no. Shut out by Ottawa tonight to go one nothing 14 shots in the game for the connobs zero in the third period. But I did see an
I wasn't that game. I think it was late Saturday night the second game on CBC. I saw a special led and they'd gone
Yeah, they're playing for the connobs and special Ed had to leave the ice for a little while. They said, oh, it's
an Oscar. You just went to the locker room. They said maybe it's an equipment thing and you know, special
Ed, you know, at least you don't do it as pants anymore. So he's making some progress. Let's go on any. We have an open line
And day five six seven oh five sixty and in fact, maybe you still doing it on the ice. He does have a lot. Oh, there is
Another five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Are you eating something now? Yes. Why? I'm hungry. Well, I'm thinking about lunch. Well,
I already put an order in for Taco Bell with the guys. You want something from there like a couple of soft shells or hard shell tacos? See,
why do you now listen? I want the audience to start with you said, why do you say do you want something from their
Like and then you make a suggestion because I already put the order in and I ordered some things that I thought you might
Like just in case. Well, why didn't you ask me if I wanted something? I love the air. And the last time you ordered
You don't know my priorities like what's more important? My being on here doing a stupid talk show or eating a food
They don't care as long as we get the spots enough. Do you think they care about what's on the air? Oh, he couldn't care less. You told me never
Never put on a good act. What you told me never to mention food you again. Yeah, I'm just like I said
I was never eating anymore fish food. Oh, which I did not eat fish food tonight. I took away. I did have a chocolate
Sure, you're seeing a frozen yogurt. Why don't you send me to Taco Bell? You wanted hard shell tacos. So I did that. I wanted burrito supreme with no beans.
I like no beans. All right. What? I'll order them. Oh, they haven't gone yet.
Yeah, I would like to burrito supreme with no beans, please. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Love Taco Bell. How can you be a real
Spic? Well, by the way, that's our question today.
About which Spic smell better?
Here's the North Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm here on business over night.
I'm about to start up a damn beaten buffalo. Yeah, great game. Yeah, great game. Great game, Yarmour.
Yeah, I'm right. Five points last night. Any Mike Lang. Do I have any? I got some here a little bit.
A little bit. Just a little. Okay, wait a minute. Mike Lang. I'm looking at my hockey thing here. Just want no panic, folks.
How come I don't see how about a little Rick Jenner Ed? How about a little Mike Lang? Go ahead. That's it. Okay, that's enough. Yeah. Thank you. Okay, you're welcome. Okay, there's Mike Lang. Get out of here.
Mike. Stop it. Yeah, he was all whipped up last night except for the fact that that damn what's his name? Paul Stiger? Well, don't show it off.
Bapapapapa. There's nothing worse than those color guys in the hockey games that just never show up. That's why my buddy Harry Neal would leave this so great.
The best, Harry. Make no mistake about that.
And I'll guarantee you one thing. He don't talk over Joe Bowen or Bob Cool because they elbow his ass out of the booth anyway.
But then I just go and Harry, you're the best. I just mentioned this because these guys are in town today, which I get very excited just to prospect of that.
Two open lines and date five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the mobile one on C is started as soon as you started infusing a little bit of hockey talk.
Then you watch all the lines drop off. They don't know from that. But you know something when the Leafs are in town. I don't care. You'll have you'll have to humor me.
When we got a little twirpy guy in our morning show who is starting to read stats out of the newspaper read the standings out of the paper.
And then later starts ripping the newspaper because they got it wrong. Well, how come he doesn't know that the Leafs have 61 points not 54.
And out of what's got 60 points and not 58 and how come he doesn't know never trust the Sun Central or the hero. They're both full of crap.
Our little hockey expert our little twirpy in the morning. Unbelievable trying to cover his ass.
Here's a mobile in the adventurer. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is this Neil? Yes, sounds like me.
Okay. And yeah, I just wanted to ask you what they should call the new African American cultural center.
And that's how about the black place. The black place. Right. The black joint.
And also I just want to comment on that. A way to focus football player. I think you should have been arrested for stupidity because everybody knows.
But everybody but he doesn't live here. Don't you understand he don't live here. But everybody knows the best processes don't have keys. Yeah, that's a good point. Okay. Thank you.
They don't want to get it. They just don't get it. They don't care about that. They don't care that here's a man who received an award on the same morning.
On the same morning. That would be like the Pope going through all of that ceremony. They're in St. Louis and then being caught doing an altar boy like a half an hour later. You know right out there in public.
Trying to pick up a hustler in the streets of St. Louis. I mean, I'm sorry, but it just you know, there's just a little a little element of hypocrisy in here that people don't seem to get.
We have an open line in Howard five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
Mark it on the right wing makes a nice. Okay, stop it. You'll cut it out. That's your boy man. Love this show is obsessed.
Here's Halondale. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. What's most of the baby? Okay. Yeah. Yesterday you.
Oh, yes, they were putting down the Rascal House. Yeah. And I think it's one of the best restaurants. It's not in Florida.
You know, something I'm glad you mentioned that because I was listening to Hank going home yesterday and they were talking about one of the four restaurants.
You want to recommend from some big shot from the SPN or ABC. Yeah. And people were calling in with places. And the Rascal House. You couldn't pay me to eat there. Number one.
And then somebody mentioned the forage and Hank said, yeah, that would have been on my list. You know, Hank's a great guy. And I you know, he's eaten a lot of meals.
And this time you can tell by looking at him. But I'm surprised that Hank gets sucked into these these tourist traps joints. I mean, it's been around since the early 50s. Get all the bread.
Roll the plague been around since you get all the bread and the rolls. You're one of these guys that goes in there and stuff. So bag with all the stuff.
Come on. And there you go. I got a foot out of salad and I said man. It's a place for shleppers like you. It's perfect. Well, I, Zygazone. Happy for him.
At least this guy is honest. These are the same people that put pumpernix out of business by the way. Although there is that one open pumpernix. And I saw it that one day. And nobody ever told me where the hell is somewhere there in Broward. I couldn't believe it. I thought pumpernix was all gone. Don't forget the old parts down here. Put pumpernix out of business.
Just like put the wolfies on Lincoln road, which used to be down there. They put them out of business. And someday they'll put the wolfies on 21st and columns out of business, which they might as well be by the way.
Because they're stealing all the silverware and they're stealing everything they bring it. They bring along an extra bag and they shove everything in there and talk about being you know they don't care.
They shove into course law to build pickles and so if there's a little hair in the bag that day we don't care. It's free a few rolls.
Some silverware.
Looks like Jack has years ago when I and Z calls in his defending it's some old Yid calls me one night. Well you know we're paying for you're not you're not paying for the silverware pal your paying for a meal.
You're not playing for the dishes and the silverware and everything that's not tied down.
And he said, oh.
And they went out of business about two weeks later that pumpernix was on shared in park road, but I thought you knew that.
No, I did not. I said that I passed one a few weeks ago.
I don't want to eat with Robin Cheryl.
No, it is not sure it is.
That was wolfies. Well, that's where it is now.
Oh, that wolfies is now a pumpernix. Just, but this is another this is not that one.
I know that place. There is another pumpernix in Broward. I think it's on 441 around Broward in Polaroid somewhere in that area because.
And of course they got 441 is this done here out by the way because I never check the 441 stuff. No, no.
And also if you go 441 like north of.
Broward Boulevard.
Or no, South of Broward Boulevard between 595 and Broward Boulevard that 441 is all torn up in there too.
I mean this stuff the construction goes on here. It's like a tunnel.
You want to live for an eternity. You can't do that, but you want construction for an eternity.
Come to South Florida between Oakland and commercial on 441.
Oakland and commercial on 441. There is a pumpernix. Let's hear it by their make it a comeback.
Let's hope the old parts don't put them out of business again because actually they're pretty good.
I like pumpernix.
In fact, to be honest with the fact that you have to choose between those that place in the old rascals.
Maybe it isn't just the food of the rascal house might be okay, but I can't get by the ambiance.
I can't get by the clientele.
What are I talking about? I think you can't get by the clientele because I'm not from the U.A.
Funny that you need your worst problem.
I mean just stop and think of it. I went in there just at one night because the audience was egging me on.
You got to go in there and try. Go in there at one night.
And it's obnoxious stereotypical wait for she spills a glass of orange juice all over this poor kid's pants.
He's dressed real nice college looking kid, you know, nice pair of dress pants on spills it all over the place.
And the orange juice is pouring off the table onto his pantaloonies and she doesn't make an effort to grab a towel.
And she looks at him.
I said, that should be your worst problem.
And she leisurely goes over like to get a towel somewhere and you know by the time she gets back he's wearing like two gallons of orange juice in his pants.
Crazy bitch.
Now that was only one experience. So for that and then they said a guy next to me by the way who came in with like a t-shirt on.
Or real smarmy looking guy with a t-shirt with the sleeves like rolled up not cut off but like rolled up and with tattoos all over the place.
Yes.
So somehow I had less than appetizing experience with the grotesque rascals that time.
Maybe that kind of colored my view on it.
Oh, she was so that maybe that painted my view.
26 past noon at 560.
Neil God.
This is a test of the Spanish emergency broadcasting system.
This is only a test.
This has been a test of the Spanish emergency broadcasting system.
And this would have been an actual Spanish broadcast emergency.
You would have heard this.
It's a top three of 560 WQA.
I'm Andy Amel.
We have an open line in date 560 7 0 560.
560 in a mobile one line.
Our poll question today is how many words can you think of in Spanish in a tent that are exactly the same.
See?
Andy Amel.
Here's Miami Springs. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Great. First of all, I am from New York and the rest of houses freaking awful.
Yeah.
It's the worst. I went eight or one.
Well, all the losers that got kicked out of New York that are down here.
They're the ones that go there. They frequent that joint.
It was ridiculous. I went there once.
And first of all, nice ones.
Yeah.
Between bumping my elbows on the Alpacocka's next to me because they sit me so close together with these other tables.
I was ready to jump out of my seat.
Yeah, they had this guy. They had me jammed up against this guy with like no, with almost no shirt on with all these tattoos.
Who looked like he just jumped out of a sewer somewhere.
He looked like John Valjean on a bad day.
The guy who pushed you in a wiring at the front.
Yeah.
You know what I'm talking about?
No, I haven't been there in years.
You've been painting up to go back there.
I was there once about a year and a half ago and this can't be in the press.
My family has been there for years.
But the guy is a freak show.
It's really fun to watch him work.
Anyway, about hockey.
In fact, when they do the Jeff Cohenine life story from his days with the Marlins are going to be filming it there.
Cohenine and the Barbarians.
But anyway, have they made any progress in finding Buray to an extension?
No, but he's only been here for a couple of weeks.
Just relax. It'll get done.
I have a little confidence. It'll get done.
All right.
Trust me.
Hey, enjoy the game tonight.
Okay, see you.
It'll get done because if it don't get done, you know, it will be a little pissed off.
Very pissed off and we'll stop going.
Two open lines in a day.
What that popcorn smells really rancid.
You know what?
Oh, geez.
Like burnt.
You know, there's nothing like worse than the smell of burnt popcorn.
It smells like.
What?
It's not burnt.
Well, it smells burnt.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Two open lines in Dave County for your approval.
Have we heard from any of Julio's under 25 today?
No.
No, we heard that that Colombian was 28.
We're throwing our own demographic.
Well, they don't want their voices recognized on here, you know?
I understand.
We get it.
We understand.
It's hard to be walking around all week long.
People pointing and yelling at you.
Metacon, metacon, metacon.
How do you talk, Metacon?
You know, we understand.
I'm used to it.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello.
Mobile informer.
Well, this thing is a piece of crap.
You do that in my fingers.
A piece of crap.
Hello.
Mobile informer is going once.
Going twice.
Long gone.
Okay.
Two lines left on the board.
Unbelievable.
Spastic.
It's spastic Wednesday.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How can I still on there?
Mobile informer.
Are you there?
Hello.
What the hell is going on with this line?
I don't know.
I thought it was me.
It must be us.
I've been going crazy.
I heard some vicious rumors about Phil Hendry.
What's going on?
Vicious rumors like what?
I don't know.
Like you might be headed home or headed back this way.
No.
Who told you that?
I don't know.
Some, some losers.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
You know what?
This goes back.
Let's clear the air right now, Jeff.
Yeah.
Back at the Alan Dream's former radio station.
When you came on the air on Neil Rogers Show and trashed virtually everybody that worked at the station.
I got the feeling that you were sending a message to Neil and trying to work your way around going through conventional systems
about getting a job on the air that you were saying that I was sandbagging your chances of getting on the radio.
That's what I kept hearing from people.
Absolutely.
That knew you personally.
And instead of saying it to me, you're running around saying, oh, well,
this deforestation is the reason I'm not getting a job.
Oh, that's not true.
That's not true.
But anyway, I want to move on.
I'm just going to move on.
Oh, what are you saying?
I'm jealous of what you're doing and I'm not saying what is that?
Jeff, you kind of are not showing, say that?
No.
I'm what I am saying, though, is this.
I just feel sometimes you kind of get a little uncomfortable.
I'm intimidated by you.
Who wouldn't be uncomfortable with a guy that's trying to stab you in the back?
Oh.
Oh.
How do you like that?
Remember, you used to be at Goli because he sidesteps so well.
Yeah.
That was beautiful.
I haven't heard from him in weeks.
Since I talked about what a crappy job he did the night after that first pop-up
ever again in a Panther uniform, I haven't heard from him in weeks.
He's looking as wounds again.
Speaking of which, Pavel's going to give it to you tonight, buddy.
Okay, hold your breath.
All right.
Okay.
How about during the game?
We have an open line at Day 1 in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Yeah, I haven't heard a word from murmur lately, boys.
It's been nice and quiet in the house.
I can actually take a nap in the afternoon, lay down at Phoney, ring it off the hook.
And my budget, I've readjusted my budget for the whole next four years now.
Nice going, Murat.
Oh!
Just can't handle the truth.
You know, just can't handle the truth.
Thin skin.
All those typical hockey people, thin skin.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
I know this is not the day you're talking about rashes.
That whole Panther organization.
Yes, please, I give me some advice, please.
I'm going to be this great advice.
I always want to call you, but I can't because I work.
But now there's a whole kind of other way to look at these things, which are doctors that are called environmental specialists.
You know, these are the doctors who, you know, like when they get to the store and they head all that gas stuff and all,
they were making reports at Congress and all.
These are doctors who specialize in environmental problems, which in turn causes all these other ailments.
And there's a really, really great one.
I mean, he saved my life.
He's in plantation even.
Really?
And there's very few around and when you go, you have to like set aside, like they tell you like about three hours just to be with him.
For what?
For, you know, he gets...
Were you having sex with him?
No, I don't think you want to.
No.
I'm even you.
No, I don't think so.
But I mean, he just like gives you all this time and he finds out like your whole medical history and they just look at allergies in a whole different way than you got to.
So is that allergy guy?
He's an allergy guy, but they have a sub-specialty, which isn't called environmental medicine.
Robes specialty?
I think that's what George just ordered, yeah.
And it's called environmental medicine.
And they say you do get allergies, you do get all these things, but not the way, you know, the normal medical...
Well, I'm thinking about give George his name or number or something because the next Monday I'm going back to my dermatologist again because this...
The rash part of it seems to be going away pretty good.
Day by day, every day a little bit better, but it doesn't completely go away.
But the hot face and the skin and that...
The, you know, rash is only a symptom of some problem.
A rash is not an illness in itself.
So if you've got some kind of a fungal infection or a...
You need to be taken antibiotics and unfortunately I can't fight a doctor who like, you know, deals with this in enough time to do anything about it.
Well, like...
Go to the main time, I'm...
I'm shimmering creams on and hoping for the best.
He's close and I really think he'd like...
Okay, hang on, thank you.
Okay.
Okay, take that and don't lose it. Okay, if he's in plantation, I might even go.
And maybe he won't say to me, well, you don't need me, have a nice life, but I'm just...
I'm still filming his amounts about that. You know the more I think about it?
Oh, yeah, that's interesting. That could be anything.
Well, okay, give me an idea. Well, I'm not going to be anything to worry about it.
Well, what does that mean? That could be anything.
What kind of a line is that?
For someone whose health I place in his hands, well, that could be a lot of things.
Yeah.
We have an open line at date, 56670560 and pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
No, yes, sir.
Hey, don't know from Rashes, but I've had Jocky at 20 points.
Yeah, me too.
I just wanted to call and pass along a good Christian story to you.
A member of the Reverend Kennedy's flock, who happens to be one of my neighbors.
I've been observing her for a few years now, and this lady's got quite the scam going.
She goes around prophletizing all the time, which bores people no end.
But what she does is she befriends the decrepit, the most decrepit of the decrepit at the church.
Yeah.
And she takes them in and takes care of them.
And they don't usually last much more than about six months.
And inevitably, she ends up in the will.
And she's still very yard up with Winnebago's.
And here to the condominium, bragged about all the stocks and bonds she's gotten.
So she's got a real good Christian scam going.
All right.
Excellent.
Thanks for the good news.
Maybe she's leaving her half to Dr. Kennedy.
I doubt it seriously.
I don't know.
You never know. You might get 10%.
Yeah.
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
Okay. We have an open line in Broward to indeed.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
21 to 1 at QAM.
Okay.
The guy that you have talking on your sports department,
I heard him the other day talking about the illegals that they're getting now to play the game.
And you know, it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals.
Okay.
And I want to tell you that's very sh**ty for someone to talk that way about illegals.
Because, you know, him himself was not, is not, is not a native here.
He's not an American Indian.
Everybody here has been on the illegal sometimes or the other.
Okay.
And I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people.
Okay.
Because, you know, he talks about like that about Cuban people.
How about his nationalities?
A piece of sh**t.
Okay.
There's nothing but rock this here.
There's a poor people.
That's how, you know, that's the American f**king way.
So, they're talking about Cuban people that way.
But to last whole of you guys.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death,
the one thing you have to defend on is your car.
With two canoe thefts on the rise, the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Isaac.
Get away from my sport of appeal.
You think M.F.
Remember when we used to post a packet of Caribbean shots?
If we ought to get a fun of the finish, baby, the white ones are cooler.
Get away from my sport of appeal.
You think M.F.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
For a Saturday like that.
Get away from my sport of appeal.
You think M.F.
Get away from my sport of appeal.
You think M.F.
Whenever some fast tries to steer my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac.
Get away from my sport of appeal.
You think M.F.
Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac.
And receive a free flower antenna.
Get away from my sport of appeal.
You think M.F.
And old Jewish guy named Isaac.
I will be able to blow it all their story.
Hopefully 5 to 560 WQM.
So finally this thing, which I mentioned about almost three hours ago.
People, police, there is death penalty, fewer, dumb mix, religion, and politics.
Finally, somebody in this country has got the balls to stand up to this silly old man in the dress.
Bill Thompson who writes in the four words the star telegram, which is reprinted in the hair of this morning.
And the one that is underneath it to that.
It says when John F. Kennedy ran for president way back in 1960.
One of the biggest obstacles he faced with his religion.
He was a Roman Catholic and no Catholic had ever been elected president of the U.S.
And one point during his campaign for the Democratic nomination.
Kennedy decided that he needed to address the religious issue.
And he did so by pledging that if elected, he would owe his allegiance to the Constitution and the American people.
Not to the Catholic Church and the Pope.
The voters took Kennedy it is worthy went on to win the White House in a close election over Richard Nixon.
Kennedy's religion was never an issue during his presidency.
He adhered to his promise that the church would not be allowed to meddle in the secular business of America.
So if a Catholic president elected nearly 40 years ago took no marching orders from the Pope.
Why is the Baptist governor of Missouri giving the ponte veto power over capital punishment?
During a visit to St. Louis life, we Pope John Apollo second urged Missouri governor Mel Carnahan to spare the life of triple murderer who was scheduled for execution in February.
Carnahan complied commuting the killer's death sentence to life in prison without possibility of parole.
The Pope had preached against capital punishment when they during a public mass at the trans-world dome in St. Louis.
And he later made a personal request to Carnahan to spare Mises life.
Mises execution dated in postponed from Wednesday to February 10th, apparently to avoid putting him to death while the Pope was in Missouri, while he was in Missouri.
Other than the Pope's plea from Mercy, there was no reason for Carnahan to commute Mises death sentence.
There was no question that Mises was guilty.
Mises partisans weren't even claiming that he undergone a spectacular death row religious conversion in the manner of the late Carla Fe Tucker.
Remember Tucker, the Texas pickaxe killer, the Pope wanted governor George W. Bush to rest you who from the lethal needle, but Bush adhered to a ruling by the state board of fardens and peroles which permitted Tucker to receive the earthly justice he deserved.
Bush evidently has a better understanding than Carnahan of the distinction between religion and government.
No president or governor nor no official at any level of government in America should make decisions based on the desires or dictates of any church that is the law of the land.
Great on the op ed page in the hero this morning, which the hero did they have the to they have the cahons to write their own editorial saying that no or the sunset no or 99% of the other papers that are terrified of the goddamn Catholic Church and all organized religion.
Did they write it? No, that's your sweet as they didn't.
Nice going, Bill.
Two open lines in day two and Howard five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Okay, sir. I feel very negative today. How you doing? Okay. In any case that you were talking about that word earlier for a very niggerly company.
You're talking about that word earlier and you know the funniest thing out of all that is not that the guy was offended or not is that the guy didn't understand what the word meant.
Take up a dictionary, figure it out. Then you know, but I heard maybe he was just playing stupid because he was looking for this guy's job as we later found out.
You know, all these figure that he would be appealing to a bunch of very stupid people. Yeah, because you know, I have to vote.
You know, it's not being it's not a question of being thin skinned or not.
It's a quest like all these people that you were talking about with that article that you read with the Italian Americans.
Yeah, it was very good. And there's one word to describe all those people opportunists.
That's what they are. And it's all about power. These people I seriously doubt were offended.
They just want their power and any chance that they get to flex their power, they'll do it. And that welcomes them to power money.
But how can you possibly admit to being that stupid? I know we got a lot of stupid people when they're right, especially in Washington.
But how can you admit to being that stupid that you pretend you don't understand what the word niggerly means?
Absolutely. But you know, I really think that they think that the rewards, you know, they think that, you know, hey, you know, I'll let everybody think I'm stupid, but the rewards far outweigh the reward.
Absolutely. Well, Neil, I'm really hungry, so I think we'll go to Burger King by walk or day.
Guido Hader. We have an open line in Broward, all three in date, five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line.
Mobile in four, Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Great.
I just had a quick question. Try to help you out with your rash problem a little bit.
When you say like a hot face, is it like burning under your eyes? Or you say like a thing behind pain behind the eyes occasionally and hot skin on a face sometimes, you know, comes and goes, which you have no fever, no temperature, but your skin feels hot and a rash on the neck. And that's my thing.
That's your seven or eight weeks. I've been fighting this crap and it doesn't go away. Oh, it's been that long.
Okay. Okay. I'll read it and I ask. In fact, every now and then get a little scratchy. It feels like an allergy kind of a thing because every now and then get like scratching in various parts like.
Feels like poison ivy, not that ever had poison ivy, but I'm assuming like that just briefly every now and then.
Okay. Why ask is I'm in a pest control business. When I use certain time of chemical, I get the same exact reaction. Are you serious? I bet you're told a bug man did this to me.
You never know man. I want to say that I got over the pressure clean my fence by the way I never did I just mentioned that in passing.
Well, ask your bug guy if he ever uses the product called tempo or suspend in your house.
Suspend? Suspend is one and that's where the pair of suspenders last time you came in.
Well, because he got get fat again and could get the pants up. Oh, I thought he took your advice on the act inside. He lost so much weight.
He did and then now he's got his back. He borrowed a pair from Rick Jenner at suspenders.
Well, that's seriously. I get a very similar reaction when I wonder about you. So then what do you do for it? How long can that last?
Well, I mean it depends.
Two or three years. Well, yeah, I'm scratching as we speak, but not my face. But anyway, what I'm saying is if he's using the same product,
you know, if he's coming out to your house in a monthly base that they could be continuous, if he's using the same product, you know, you'll have the same reaction.
But he's been using the same products for years coming to my house and he might want to do all of a sudden the start.
Well, okay, I didn't know that. If he had the same product, I assume he's been using the same products. I don't know. Got only those what he's using.
Well, that's the thing. I mean, if he's a good bug guy, he's probably sure he should be switching up his product at least once or four or five months anyway.
Really? Yeah.
Huh. I mean, because they do build the mirror.
If I ever see him again, I'll be sure to ask him.
Ask him. Do he says, okay, thanks.
Take care.
See you.
Okay. So we got, let's see, I got the water in the shower. That's bad. I got the bug man. He's killing me.
We got the stuff here in the building. That's doing it. There's a fungus among us. That's number five.
How about like a doctor who says, oh, yeah, that looks like and here's some stuff to take and it'll go away in a couple of days.
That would be great. Wow. What a concept.
I know it's asking a lot. It's asking way too much. Even my teeth ache. My, you know, I think I got like a thing.
I had like a fungal infection and there must be something you do for it. Isn't there? Uh-huh. But nobody knows.
And of course, when you work in this building, when you work in radio in this market, you work in an unsafe and unclean unhealthy building in a sick building.
And everybody's getting sick and they got a raw throat and they're like, and their eyes are watering. They have all this crap going on.
And the people you work for today care. Of course, they don't care. Like Bob Green said, it's not financially expedient for us at this time to be dealing with this.
So I just go back in here. Stay sick and croak.
Two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Listen, uh, reference your, uh, you're talking about the Pope.
You always talk about the Templeton's book, Farewell the God. I wanted to recommend an excellent book about the whole priest in the celibacy problem.
It's a book by Richard Sip. It's called pre sex and power anatomy of a crisis. Yeah, and it's the.
It's been out about five eight five to ten years, but it's the definitive book that you know shows the whole fallacy about the secrets and the lies and everything like that.
What's the last name of the author? Sip S. I. P. E. Richard Sip. He's, uh, I think he's a professor up at Johns Hopkins.
Okay. And a lot of this is built is based on his case studies with the priest, ex priest, etc. etc.
And by the way, there are alter girls in the Roman Catholic church. There are. Yes, there are. And who takes care of them?
Uh, I don't think the straight ones do. They used to get married. Okay. Okay. Thanks for the good news. All right. Bye. Yeah. What?
I never saw an alter girl all my years going to cat light church.
You never saw an alter girl. Well, maybe your priest didn't want no girls around. Okay. I would have skipped church a lot less if there was.
Maybe your priest kept saying every time they saw one of the alter boys with a date, they kept saying what a waste.
Two open lines and date five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60. I mean, the whole thing though every part of it from the from all the chachkes and the the rosary beads and the little statues.
And the way which of course, you know, in the Bible, the Jesus told you not supposed to worship all these idols and statues of Raven, Raven images. Yeah.
But but but all of it and then the confessional and every aspect of it is so ludicrous, so ludicrous.
And you're just like a bunch of sheep you people go on you parade out there and you put the money into play and you support this corrupt horse craft.
Man and a man in a dress comes over here, schlepping over here on allotality eating a shatter.
What's up, are you on taking a good, you know, and a gold line turl it.
Man, oh man, and you're listening on the interfering in the affairs of this country and we say, oh yeah, whatever you say, whatever you say, well, great.
And like I told you before, Bubba sitting over there and as much as I like Bubba, make no mistake about it.
The only thing that he and the pope have gotten common is their love of oral sex.
The president of the United States receiving it and the pope giving it.
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if that might have been part of the conversation going on up there.
Notice all the giggling on the on, yeah.
Maybe they were comparing notes.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, do I know how you do it? Okay, sir.
Hey, about that, the comment and nigger leaping. Have you seen what song has been the top song in the billboard for the past down three or four weeks running?
No. It's called my nigger is it by a band called the man.
Oh my god.
And that's the most popular song in the country.
My nigger is not niggas. And as a matter of fact, there's another song coming out called Southside niggers.
Oh, yeah. And one minute being crucified for using a derivation of the word.
So I don't know. It's not a derivation of the word. It has nothing to do. It's not even spelled with an e.
It's spelled with an a and niggered N-I-G-G-A-R-D. Niggered.
That's right, Taipal. A derivation of the word.
But a derivation of the word niggered means miserly, cheap, period.
And a niggered is someone who is niggeredly.
See, see the sound thing? It's like that surely what's the name of the name game Ellis.
Let's play that name game again. Okay.
If it sounds like a nigger, that must be it. It's niggeredly. Don't you get it? Don't you understand?
No.
Boy, four minutes till one at five sixty.
The needle Roger show now on five sixty WQ-A-M Miami Fort Lauderdale.
It's the latter to two hour.
Come on, everybody. Don't look here, man.
We're going to play a game.
We'll be picking kids that are out.
Any politics be the name.
You take the punk and you'll move.
It must be the big brother.
Check out what I've been thinking.
You have a son and old town.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Let me do a whole bit.
Hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it.
And then it's your son and he's been basketballed.
Oh!
Hold it.
No.
This be Anthony.
And we have a little bit of that.
And then it's your son and he's been basketballed.
Anthony.
Who's that, who?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Hello.
You be voted.
I'm going to tell you something.
It's a little bit.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Now try your luck with both.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Walk.
This is how I get to play.
This is how I get to play.
This is how I get to play.
This is how I get to play.
All right, let's do a little bubonic.
Come on, 101 and 560 WQA.
And we have two open lines today.
567.
Our poll question today, who would you rather have in your neighborhood?
A gigantic number of Cubans moving in Colombians or Chinese.
Huh?
It comes on the income level of each.
You know, assuming that was given,
assuming they were all like middle class people.
Cubans, Colombians.
I mean, if the Colombians move in, you probably get better drugs.
You know, huh?
We need a lot more Asian people here.
I'm talking right now.
Well, I mean, you're never going to get any help from the politicians down here,
because you got Washington Broward.
You got the mayor penis there in Dave County, who is a professional spick.
Who calls this a, oh, it's a multi-cultural community is what you got.
Are you a pus mayor?
You're a schmuck.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Well, I got the Cuban chair already, so I can't answer the poll question.
Like the people in Calcutta saying, well, you don't understand.
This is a multi-cultural toilet.
Yeah, multi-coloured.
Yeah.
Listen, I left it around this morning.
And in the newspaper, and on the talk show, our boy was on this game the other night.
Eugene.
Eugene.
Eugene.
Yeah.
It is Deacon has forgiven him of his sins.
That's the thing.
The thing that's been called the
Dullsson.
I don't know who you're thinking.
In 250 people, some type of petition that's going to go to the judge down here, man.
Oh, right.
Yeah, so that's it.
That's all I got.
Okay, thank you.
I don't care about the judge.
I don't think that this is law enforcement, okay?
It's ridiculous.
That's not, that's, they just don't get it right.
They don't understand the point here.
I'd be the last person in the world to condemn a guy married or not.
That's his business between him and his wife and the god and Jesus and Yersky.
I don't care about that.
The guy wants to get some head.
But don't go running around being a moralist and preaching in the Bible.
And you just don't get it.
They don't want to understand it.
That would be like a guy wins an award for humanitarianism 10 o'clock on a Saturday morning
and then goes out and gives a couple of people later on in the afternoon.
Don't you understand the contradiction here?
Don't you see the consistent pattern of the moral religion as they claim to be?
And the more they quote from the Bible, the more full of crap they absolutely are.
Do you get it?
One million times for Neil Rogers, he's in the his house.
Exactly.
We have an open line of days, five six seven, oh five 60 and five five 60 on the 18th.
I know there'd be somebody out there who would get it.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Hello, how are you, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Two things.
I agree.
Mostly everything you say for sure.
A big present.
And we're a window cleaning and pressure cleaning companies.
If you need that wall pressure cleaned.
Okay, thank you.
There's another guy working for a free plug.
I don't need that.
See, this is your bug man again.
Okay, being very nice being the nice guy that he isn't sweating up the storm and looking like he's ready to cook because he gained all his way back.
Our good friend, the bug man here.
Oh, gee, he's got this guy with his pressure cleaning thing and my wooden fence is all dirty and schmutzie.
And he can come in here and like all the mold and milder.
He's going to pressure.
And I said, gee, I want to pay him.
No, no, that's okay.
And that was like what about 10 years ago that he offered me that.
In other words, I don't want to sound ungrateful.
I don't want to sound like an in grade.
But when you stick something in front of your nose and say, well, I'm going to do this and it's going to be really great and just imagine how much better your fence will look and you'll feel about it, etc.
And then that's the end of it.
It's almost like your doctor looking and saying, oh, yeah, that is interesting.
Could be a lot of things.
You don't need me.
It's in the same category.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, if you really have a fungal infection, I can tell you what to take.
Yeah, it's called low-trimmed.
Low-trimmed?
Right over the counter.
A public is like $9 a tube.
Oh, I'm at the bottom of the low-trimmed.
But what do you mean what to take?
It's a cream.
Well, yeah, you just smear it on whatever your rash is and it'll clear it up in there.
It'll clear up a fungal infection.
Well, how come my dermatologist, give me these two other creams, I've been smear and on it, didn't go away.
Is it quite trimmas all?
I have no idea.
If you named every cream in the world.
Well, when I got a public, the works great.
I wear these, I got a rash on the top of my foot from these boots that don't have any air holes in it.
Right.
And it clears up in like three days with parts.
It works the lotion in the basket.
That's what I heard.
Okay, thanks a lot.
I'll check it out.
Low-trimmed.
I think I might even have some at home.
Hey, listen, who do you trust?
Like Johnny Carson used to say, who do you trust anymore?
You go to the doctor, he sends you to this one, go to a dermatologist, go to a specialist.
Oh, well, they's not the right kind of dermatologist.
It's got to be somebody who's like, in the only end of the neck.
Like the Dracula guy.
He's only into your neck.
This guy, he specializes in fingers and toes.
And this one specializes in rectum.
Whatever else, you know, they all got their specialties now.
Whatever happened in the good old days when our doctor and Rochester, Joe Rock, even my mother, I'm sure, members Joe Rock.
How do you handle like that?
400 years ago, I remember Dr. Joe with his black bag.
If you were sick and as a kid, I had, I had them all.
I had measles.
I had chickenpox.
I had mumps.
I had, you name it, I had it.
All the childhood diseases.
And Joe Rock would come to the house with his black bag.
He'd take out a few antibiotics.
He'd take out this.
Okay, whatever.
And that was it.
And you were fine.
And somehow managed to get from there to here.
But now, oh, well, I don't know that time.
I especially go see this one.
Go see the fungologist.
Yeah, fun glue.
Okay.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you been doing?
How you doing?
Okay.
Anyway, I'm just.
Lane in bed with a crud, man.
For the past three days.
You too, huh?
You're like crap, man.
I don't know.
I started cold.
It's just something that old throat, man.
It's like stuck a rake in there.
Really?
Yeah.
It's a little rake and seriously.
Wow.
It just felt like a prick.
Anyway, Neil, not that I was looking or anything, but the other day at the gym.
Yeah.
It was this oriental guy.
And the old myth, it's not a myth.
They are hung like food.
Most, yes.
Most Chinese guys, most Asian guys are hung like butterflies, right?
No crap, man.
Well, where do we now then?
No, there will be one who will like surprise you.
Anyway, I want that.
Not that I would know, you know.
Yeah.
One last thing, maybe someone, someone, one of our audience members.
What is happening out?
My girlfriend, this is no crap part of the 41.
Go ahead, sir.
This girl has not taken a crap like in three weeks.
Yeah.
What do you think?
What do you suggest to that, Neil?
Loaterman.
No, seriously.
Loaterman.
That's what I thought.
What Sally said.
But I thought it loosened up a little bit.
I don't understand this.
You've got me one.
Marie, this is for you.
I know.
I said two because I was going to eat the like a fork.
I'm not going to eat the tortilla.
That's where all the carbohydrates are.
So when you have, huh?
So in other words, you only got me the one.
Is that what you're saying?
Correct.
So then I know I'd thanks, but I don't want that because now I'll eat the whole thing.
Okay.
You only got me one.
What kind of a lunch is that?
What?
You said one.
If you play the tape back, I will bet you your next seven-year salary against five cents that I said too.
Okay.
So you're a lot of things when my Alzheimer's kicks in, but when it comes to food, when it comes to my food,
I remember 50 years ago what I ordered for lunch.
All right?
Now, wasn't it the rascal house either, by the way?
Oi!
We have an open line and date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on an 18-toe wireless line.
See, ordinarily, like I told yesterday, I would never pick on a place that was somebody else's sponsor,
but in this case, I think it's too late because I've been ripping them for a hundred years.
So I mean, how can I say now?
People bring it up on the show.
What am I going to say?
Oh, you know something?
I changed my mind.
It's great.
All I can say is that it's for me.
That's all.
I don't want to get carried away.
There's just not for me.
Right.
I'm not one of those people.
I run those bar bearings.
I want to stand outside in 95 degree heat in the middle of July, you know, eating pickles and rolls while I'm standing online for 45 minutes,
so I can go in there and eat the coleslaw, you know?
God.
It's another mind thing.
All these mind games that they played on here, all these great places.
They're there.
That's for the tourist.
I can't believe that the local people get sucked into this.
I can't talk about the forge yesterday.
He must, he still must not be over that flu.
He must not be, you know, he's off his feet a little bit.
He's talking about the forge where they bring up potatoes.
They bring up potatoes that are heated up in a microwave that are so hot that you could like burn your,
it's a good lawsuit, by the way.
And unless you're one of the real, you know, one of the known people over there that stick your way in a room in the back,
I mean, give me a break.
Nine minutes after one at 560 WQM, if you're doing it.
It's true.
I can have an orgasm just driving down on 95.
But only if you're driving beside me.
I want to give you a kiss.
Four kids hanging up together.
Ali and Robes didn't arrest TV.
Don't get better.
The chef just like his late tonight, she's the pussy bow.
You're going to see Stan throw up his guts if Wendy's around.
All right.
Stan's got the tile and the coffee dirt.
And at least once a week we hear.
Thank you, Wendy.
You're so good.
Oh, it's so weird about the wonderful, and candy faces everything.
He gets hit in the head.
And then he says, you got no of him and then they eat it.
Oh.
Thank you, Wendy.
You're so good.
Okay.
You want to know what I think?
What?
He's going to something to it now.
He's not picking it up, but he's definitely doing something to it now.
What?
He's the only said one.
No, I did not.
I said to burrito.
Supreme.
You can find all the you're.
You're doing it.
They don't care as long as we get the spots in upstairs.
You think they care about the year.
They couldn't care less.
They don't even put on a good act.
Yeah.
What?
You told me never to mention food to you again.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just like I said, I was never eating anymore fish food.
Which I did not.
When is this thing coming up?
I didn't have a pocket.
I didn't even be a frozen yogurt.
A lot of time he sent me to Taco Bell.
You wanted hard shell tacos.
I did not.
I wanted burrito supreme with no beans.
No, keep going.
Keep going.
I like the beans.
All right.
What?
I'll order them.
Oh, they haven't gone yet.
Yeah, I would like to burrito supreme with no beans.
Yeah.
I thought.
Yeah.
A little premature evaluation there, Mr. Spick.
So I thought.
Why would I say that?
Why would I say that?
He just he just shot himself in the foot.
Okay.
Just like that guy in good fellows,
only we didn't need Joe Pesci to do it.
He just shot himself in the foot.
Nice and loud, too, that I like that.
Yeah.
Get me two burrito supreme.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Because I was going to eat just the guts.
I wasn't going to eat the tortillas.
That's where all the carbohydrates and people were thinking,
oh, gee, what a sloppy eating two burrito.
That's pretty.
No, I'm only going to eat the filling, the meat and the sour cream and the stuff.
I'm a failure.
You're just full of crap.
And I don't want to give me one but the tortilla and these things.
Which Taco Bell do you guys go to?
I shouldn't say that.
Well, there's one right over here on the road here.
The other one, that's right.
There's one by our friends at Poirotrapecale, right?
And that other place.
McDeath.
I mean, so yeah, I mean, the tortilla show was made in this century,
but we are getting close to the end of this one, aren't we?
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Yeah.
Okay, sir.
My vote is definitely going to be not to have Colombians with the next story.
Okay.
You want to tell me why?
Yeah, I got a...
I own a condo in the unit next door.
Some Colombians moved in and started ranting.
Well...
Exactly.
One Sunday morning, like 6.30 in the morning, I hear that.
D-D-D-D music that they play.
So loud, I could hear it in my bedroom.
I could hear it.
Although I cross my living room and dining room.
So I went over there, like a nice guy knocked on the door,
asked her to turn it down.
She gave me an attitude, of course.
And then about a week ago, I came up from work at like three.
And I was cleaning the house and I had my radio on.
It wasn't even that loud.
And about a half an hour later, I hear it knocked on the door.
And it was it, the sunrise cop.
Yeah.
And I happened to know about the cops that I went to high school with.
And then I asked them who made the call.
And they goes, well, I'm not supposed to tell you, but it's your neighbor.
So she called the cops on me after I went over there and was nice about it.
And asked her to turn it down.
Wait a minute.
You said something that I found very interesting.
There's nothing happened.
We got that part of the story.
But you said there were sunrise cops and you know them because you went to school with some of them.
Yeah, I went to high school with a couple of sunrise cops.
Okay. Now that's interesting.
What kind of kids were these guys in high school that would later become sunrise cops?
That's a real interesting point.
Don't you think?
Yeah, I guess so.
I never thought of it that way.
Well, what were they like in school?
Just normal.
Most of them were just, I don't know, just your average students, party, you stay party,
just would not party with them all the time and everything.
But now I guess they don't do that.
No more because they're perfect, I guess.
Yeah.
So in other words, they had their good time.
They just don't want anybody else to do it.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Okay. Thanks for the good news on the good afternoon neighborhood.
Okay.
So he says no one to Colombians.
I mean, the bottom line is the obvious answer is we don't care as long as they're nice people.
I mean, that's the that's the PC answer.
The disgusting, very boring, politically correct answer.
But it doesn't stir up any crap.
You know, who now wants to be politically correct?
It's boring.
I mean, if you want to say, yeah, I don't want no Colombians to live next to me.
And then it's, well, how come?
You know, then that's interesting.
It sounds very bigoted.
But since most of us have our purchase anyway, I'm telling you, man, Asians, although they're not all the Asians are such wonderful people.
Most of them are actually 99% by the way, speaking of Asians, the Henry Lee company, we thank profusely.
South Alcone was just here with our sole water.
Thank you, South.
And lo and me his book on olive oil, Oli Oliva.
And there's a little stuff on Tony Oliva in there too.
And he brought me a gigantic can.
Bracket.
Not that kind.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Get a hernia lifting this.
Did you see this?
The big kind of San Marzano.
The Italian Piel Tomatoes.
Pomodori.
Huh?
Look at that.
Look at this.
How much is this way?
Oh, look at that total carbohydrate preserving only four grams.
Because it doesn't have sugar in all other city Italians don't load up their Pomodoro with the Sukodipamodoro.
I love that.
And basilicos.
Pomodori Palate, Sukodipamodoro and basilicos.
Piel tomatoes, tomato juice and basil leaf basilicos.
I'll remember that story about how Greg read almost talked about it.
Basil leaf almost talked about it.
Damn it.
But at any rate, here's a big, big, big can.
Even the fat boy upstairs don't have a can this big.
Well, thank you, South.
You're a great guy.
And the folks at Henry Lee company will keep us with all the good stuff.
The solely water, which he brings me all the propaganda.
I don't have to convince me.
I know I love solely.
There ain't nothing like it.
Here's Evan Ture.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
If I had to choose between a queue in a Colombian and an Asian, I choose a Colombian to be my next
third neighbor.
Yeah.
Because the Asians are pigs.
The dirtiest people I've ever seen.
Well, the restaurants sometimes aren't too clean.
I understand.
I don't know.
But sometimes in the kitchen you find, you know, it's the year of the rat.
Dead rats.
Yeah.
I used to live in New Orleans.
I lived in a multiracial neighborhood with blacks, Cubans, Colombians, Asians.
The worst of them all were the Asians.
The Colombians are better than Cubans.
But, you know, what are you going to do?
It's the music in their blood.
Now, you can't do anything about the music.
Yeah, you're right.
Exactly.
But they're pretty good people.
They're decent people.
You're going to go to that Ho Chi Cootie music.
I can't stand it.
The Ho Chi Cootie music and the 50 cars that get parked on the front lawn down the road.
Not a worse belong to them, right?
Exactly.
I think the Colombians may have that problem too, but those guys aren't staying long.
We're just popping in and out.
Yeah, man.
And they bring the good product into the neighborhood.
You know, I'm on.
All right, Neil, take care.
And have a great day.
Okay, we have two open lines today.
So far we have no votes for Cubans.
Sorry, George.
You're out.
All the cars belong to them.
No, they don't.
Everyone has one or two cars.
Two open lines today.
But yeah, just like I ordered one burrito, huh?
So you, I knew, as soon as you started playing the tape, I knew that you were going to be
doing what you had done.
You stopped the tape when it was convenient for you.
I took it out of context just like they're doing with his moniker business.
Okay, you can take any tape.
You can take anything you want and take it out of context.
Oh, you see you said this.
Well, play the whole thing.
Oh, well, sorry.
Hey, I admit it.
I was wrong.
Sorry, I got bad diarrhea.
See you later.
By the way, you will admit that we do have more people with yellow hair, more guys with yellow hair working here than any of the radio station in South Florida.
All right.
I just, and in fact, we also, we got two guys with the yellow hair and we got a guy with orange hair.
They get their hair and piercing done in the same place.
Here's a mobile.
I understand our program director gets pierced in the same place, but I don't want to tell you where.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
I don't want to say.
Brack, don't.
Sorry. Go ahead, sir.
Hey, I like the forge.
I used to spend a lot of drug money there.
So they're always, you know, you get that special seat.
I was very nice.
Oh, that's right.
So if you're against it, then they put you right in the front room, I believe.
I was a, I used to do that.
Huh?
As a detail man, I went for the trade company.
Yeah.
So I spent the trade companies money to bring in the doctor, schmoozing them around, and up.
And they're a good boy.
And we missed you when you were off the air.
All the guys listened to you.
All the old detail man listened to you.
All right.
All right.
And have a thing that they have bothers me the most about Eugene Robinson and those preachy hypocrites.
Yes.
Is that they get themselves in trouble.
And then they're, I forgive me.
It's the first time I've done this.
Who's buying that crap?
Right.
I bet he's picked up more hookers than you could shake your thing in.
She got it.
All right.
Have a great day.
Thank you very much.
See you around.
See you over the forge.
Not.
I mean, you know, it's a free country.
If you like the forge, I'm happy for.
I just, I wouldn't go back there.
If they paid me 50 grand in small bills.
Well,
bring you a bunch of potatoes from a microwave over a heated like in a little,
oh, God.
That was some experience the last time, which is several years ago.
And you know, then people can say, well, you know, you have been there in a long time.
You didn't go in and see the right guy.
You didn't see Joe with the nose.
Hey, I'm not, I'm not into places like that.
That has nothing to do with food.
That has to do with ego.
If you want to go into places where you're smeared this guy a few bucks or you know this one,
that's got nothing to do with eating a meal.
That has to do with, you know, pretending to be a big shot.
Which I'm not.
Two open lines in date, five six seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
All right.
I'm a young Colombian Julio, but I'm going to have to go with the Chinese.
Yeah.
So no cat hairs, no cats in the Chinese.
I'll go with them.
Okay.
All right.
We got a whole busload coming down from on item.
All right.
See you.
Love you, baby.
All right.
Oh, night in New York.
Yeah, they got lost.
They run away to Syracusa, I believe.
Isn't that what they sent Michael to Syracusa?
Behind out.
We have an open line and that was done.
Tomasino.
Don Tomasino.
He's feeling too good right now.
Five six seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
I need.
Yes.
Yeah.
I wanted to put the call out for a new presenting sponsor for the air and seashow in May and for
a long day, I'll be forwarding full of plug on it was quite an event.
What does that mean?
Well, they lost the show as this presenting sponsor.
They merged with Texaco.
That they need to get a new presenting sponsor.
Otherwise, they're going to pull the plug on the show.
No interest.
I don't have anybody's talking about the air and seashow.
Was that got to do with me?
He wants you to hoard the show so that you can save the air and see.
No.
No.
I'm not going to do that anymore.
That was going to put a plug on for the guy before that was hacking me a china trend.
That pedal me.
Whatever he was trying to pedal.
Looking for a free plug.
I don't mind giving a guy a free plug if he's got something that we're interested in.
You know.
Or if he happens to be a sponsor like that.
Join him.
By the way, did that spot run today in the one o'clock break in the first break in this hour?
I see a time of log.
Did it do anything?
Well, it's not in the log.
I'm asking to do run.
Yeah.
Remember the guy called yesterday Bill and he was trying to be very nice to me and I realized
was a sponsor and the guy called leader on it.
And I still don't care.
I still I make no apology for that.
That should have been between him and the sales hole.
Any of our sponsors want to bring us foods at that up.
You know, because we don't know what's going on here.
We're the last one.
70 idea what's going on here.
And guarantee it.
Whatever bill would have sell it would have been a hell of a lot better than this direct that these guys brought back.
Yeah, this is.
Oh, thank God.
Like I said, I was glad I only wanted one.
Man.
I'm serious.
This is Taco Bell is usually so reliable.
You know, I love Taco Bell.
I'm proud to say I love Taco Bell.
But this man, this is real pure unadulterated 100%
Correct.
Hmm.
God.
So thanks a lot for only getting me one George.
I've been a psychic move on your part.
Where are we going?
How come none of these are flashing and saying now how about a mobile and cruel spring?
Hello.
Oh, no.
Yes, sir.
I'm holding anymore.
So I can't know when I'm coming on.
Yeah, I don't want to be never to leave my praise, but you have a great show.
Yes, I do.
Two things.
I guess your disease and Lawrence Taylor.
You know, one of the reasons they don't want to talk about the hypocrisy of Lawrence Taylor
is that the newspapers are then have to confront the issue that all of these images of these athletes are phony
and media created.
Right.
And it's all a bunch of hypocrisy no matter whether it's religion or a boy's town or whatever it costs.
These guys don't care about anything but the money they're making.
Right.
That's right.
Now you're going.
I'm going to keep going.
Okay.
And then I guess your disease.
I don't think it's going to be the bug man's fault because you've said that when you're away from the studio for a while, it clears up.
No, it doesn't clear up.
It never gets better, but it doesn't ever clear up.
So it gets better, which means that there's got to be something at work that's causing it.
It's an allergy thing.
I think I'm allergic to Greg Reed.
Are they doing new construction over there?
Yes, they've been doing it for months and months and months and they've been tearing up the walls and doing all these things.
They've got the ceiling tiles knocked off to the side.
There's something there's a fungus among this man.
It's a studio.
They're putting in new acoustic ceilings and they're putting in dry walls.
They're putting into acoustic.
They're just tearing stuff up.
They're just, they're just, when you walk, when you walk in, we have a big door.
A big wooden door.
When I open up that door like this morning, you walk in and you can smell it.
You can sense in the air.
You don't want to talk about something foul and dank and gross.
And then all of a sudden you start gagging and coughing.
And then happens to be out of these people care.
No.
I think what they need to be woke up with is a good lawsuit here.
Then maybe they might care.
Because the chemicals and construction materials frequently contain allosure causing properties.
Especially if they're laying, capping down on the floor and stuff like that.
They're laying something up there.
I'll tell you that.
And the best cure for it is the adequate ventilation.
I'm dying on the land.
Yeah.
So that's my foot on that.
And thank you so much.
Now what do you look at me like that?
That's the way this stuff sounds when we have a phone call on.
That's part of the great benefits we got of this big move which had all it did
was inconvenience us for we can make us go nuts.
And like I said, I'm delighted to cooperate if you don't destroy all of the stuff we got here already.
But unfortunately they did.
So the phone calls every time I try to play a thing like.
I'm dying on the hear.
All the call is on.
It sounds like your speaker is going to rattle right out of your goddamn dash.
And this is what we got.
Thanks a lot.
Especially our program director has been very conspicuous by his absence today.
Didn't even bother coming out to tell us where he was going to be today.
Which I feel really left out on that.
No, instead of sending us the programming schedule for when it's very shows around who the guests are and so on.
What do you have to do with just send us his personal schedule.
Which could be pretty interesting.
128 at 560 QA.
I had a trip in pay.
One day she flew away to Tio Wano.
Where the moon is blue.
But with our right wing censorship, there are words in the sunset.
And to tell you how I feel for K.
So if you see K.
And you see one.
I'll see you in Tio Wano too.
Now if you see K.
Tell her I'm a service day.
And the FCC won't let me sing this.
So I'll not roll to say now if you see K.
Take her in.
And then gently say.
That after the strengthening I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, if you see K.
And you wanna.
Then I'll see you with Tio Wano.
So wanna go.
But kind of see you with Tio Wano.
No!
132 at 560 WQAM.
We have a couple of open lines in Dead County.
If you want to talk about Chinese Colombians, anybody with the weekends with the sea?
What other ethnic groups we can go to see?
Chileans, Croatians.
Croatians.
Here's Miami B.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
Audis, the name.
Did you read the so-called apology to Fowl well-gaze for saying the Jews?
Yes, I did.
It was a very short apology saying that it was a big mistake.
But I believe it.
I believe it.
It's not.
I apologize.
Not for what I believe.
But for my lack of fact.
He said it and it was no point in saying it and making sense to say it.
But he still believes it.
So you're right.
It wasn't an apology.
In other words, you're still getting a burden now.
You're the anti-Christ and so on.
It's a problem with 90% of the people who read that.
They see the man's goodie apologize.
No, they not.
They know it's come back when they smell one.
Well, I don't know about that.
Trust me.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Yeah, Jerry Fowl ball with a real half-baked apology, which we all say.
Oh!
To open lines and Dead, 560, 705, 60, 05, 560 on the AT&T White House line.
They're all the same, baby.
They're all a bunch of corrupt businessmen, squeezed as many dollars out of the pockets
of the fools out there as they possibly can before it's too late.
Jim Baker, Jimmy Swagger, Jerry Fowl.
Well, and then this real Nazi that one.
And they dignify him in the media.
They had him on one of the shows here tonight.
He's going to run for president next year.
Gary Bauer.
Oh, my God.
Even Johnny Bauer and Hank Bauer, like I just in shock, Gary Bauer.
He makes the term right wing seem liberal.
Okay?
That's how far to the right he is.
That's how much of a fascist disgusting, and you look at him, and he looks like some kind of a mugwump
that just crawl out of a scum out of a slime.
He makes Lawrence Taylor seem like an upstanding, great American citizen that you like to have
move in next door and to hang out with your daughter.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
First time caller.
Great.
Hey, I heard you having a wall problem.
I'm having a wall problem.
With a wall at your house?
No.
No?
But can you be clean?
You'll do?
No.
Very?
No.
No, so I'm going to give you wrong information.
Yeah, thanks anyway.
Okay, we have an open line of Dave London Broward.
5, 6, 7, 8.
Ah!
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 60.
05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless.
He meant well.
He had good intentions.
Somebody told him, here's your chance to jump on a bandwagon.
Neil needs this and he was trying to be a good guy.
And do I need it?
No.
No, I need help.
I need a real doctor is what I need.
Can I find a real doctor?
No.
Okay, this is not a big, it's not like I feel I'm dying from this or something.
It's just annoying.
It just lingers on.
Like my doctor says, it waxes in wings.
Yeah, wings that the wings in Spain falls mainly on your wings.
Right.
It waxes in wings.
That's a terrific way of saying, don't bother me with this, okay?
God.
And you'd think you would really think that it was somebody that you've known for a long time.
That somebody would call you.
Your doctor, your good close personal friend that cares about you so much.
Would call and say, well, uh, did you go do this?
Did you do this?
What can I do?
How can we alleviate this situation?
What other things do we need to do to find out what this is and make it go away?
So you feel like the good upstanding Jew you are, you know?
Any response?
No.
Nothing.
That's what just I find.
I'm un-un-un-conjunable, astonishing.
Isn't it?
Wouldn't you think I'd get a phone call saying, quit having George knock me on here and make those quacking sounds every time you talk about me?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Um, I don't have much material here.
I just wanted to make a comment about, uh, I'm a Cuban descent.
Yes.
And I don't have a- I don't have a million cars in my driveway.
Yeah, what the- what the hell was that all about if we- if all the Cubans in town had a million cars in the driveway, we'd have to, uh, like, you know, build a gigantic parking lot.
That guy, I don't know where he was from, you know?
He didn't mention it.
Apparently he didn't want to mention it.
Um, he probably had a run in with Ronald Martinez or something.
I wanted to ask you a question.
The- what exactly makes me a Julio?
The fact that I have Cuban parents, but I was born here.
I think it's the grease, you know?
No, no, am I still a Julio because he-
It is the Ascento, George says.
Now let me- well, I don't- I don't think I have an accent.
Yeah, you do.
Not an accent, but you just have that sound.
I mean, I could tell you in three seconds that you were a Julio.
Right, I know what you mean.
But, um, does that-
No, wait, just say one thing for me, okay?
What? New Jersey.
New Jersey.
Uh, come on.
New Jersey.
Okay.
Let's hear it for this guy.
Ah!
I can move in my neighborhood anytime, pal.
Yeah.
I- I just want to make one request.
One of the greatest bits I've ever heard on the- on your, uh, show there.
That, uh, Vanna picked me a letter.
Okay.
Uh, with teachers' voice or whatever it is.
I got it.
Hi, Neil.
You got it.
Thank you.
See ya.
How do you like that? He said, New Jersey.
Ah!
You say New Jersey.
Didn't you think for sure he was going to say, New Jersey?
You should have heard it.
You should have had him say, let's go to the beach.
You know, everybody has their off days, you know?
I just mentioned that in passing.
They'll take it personally unless you want to.
And maybe Hank was right about that show you that Martin Luther Coons,
King's birthday.
Maybe he was right about that.
Maybe that show did suck.
Because when I came back the next day, you said, ah, I was, you know,
and usually you're going on about how great it was and you said, I never have what.
You've always said, you always said it with every time you filled it and we had the big book.
You were a part of that during my Thanksgiving trip to Vegas.
You want a couple of days in there.
I'm trying to give credit.
I'm trying to be nice for once.
Okay.
Not for too long.
Just briefly.
Just for a couple of seconds.
Even though you did screw up on my burrito order, maybe the second one would have been the good one.
Although George does mention that all the other stuff that toured did, the, uh,
the tacos, everything was stale and crappy too.
So at least I don't take it personally because they didn't know that was going to be for me.
And number two, everything they said over tasted like crap.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
Two quick things.
Do you still have those tapes in, um, in borders?
No.
No more?
No.
How can I get my hands on them?
I've got to call center one five three five three six thirty six hundred.
Is that right?
Number George five six three five six three thirty six hundred.
I get it in the internet too.
Correct.
Yes.
Okay.
In second of things, have you heard your commercial on what is that, um, the phone, the one that they giving the new Nokia phone, the free?
You just played it just before the break.
Um, I mean on the break right now.
Um, mobile, mobile one.
Is it?
I do mobile one live.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, have you heard that commercial?
I think there's a mistake there because the guy calls center one.
I think it is right.
He calls center one and she says center one.
May I help you?
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Okay.
We have an open line in day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the table.
Is that the double talker again?
Was that your little uh, uh huh?
Must have been.
Another one of your people like I said, did not move into my neighborhood.
Okay.
Twenty before two at five sixty WQM got hand coming up from Shula State too.
We did one one show and had new studio up there yesterday.
He's out for the rest of the week.
That that was enough for him for right now.
Till maybe they get some things working up there.
Hey, by now you've heard me tell you about the people at the.
Next to cars for over a year now we've been talking about them.
They're great folks that you'd be a love and have an in neighborhood because they, you know, spread the good stuff around.
All those great cigars that they make or is it cigar?
Yeah, that little dog he says cigar.
Well, he's kind of a redneck, you know, Southern California redneck.
But nevertheless, if you love great cigars, if you got some really good taste.
Today's a great day to zip down the next because every Tuesday and Wednesday you go down there.
You mentioned that you are your semi by the give you 10% discount on every single thing you buy on your humidor's on your accessories on your cigars, cigars, samples.
They don't have those.
Well, why are you holding that up?
This is what I'm resorting to smoking.
Oh, we got those crappy garcia, stale, garcia, vagus, stale cigars from the drugstore.
That's all we got because John P.S. isn't bringing us any new cigars from next guy, damn it.
So I'm sure that Nick and Mike down there given John a lot of good cigars for us.
But they just probably don't make it up here.
Maybe they fall out of his trunk on a way up to the stage. That must be it.
But in the meantime, like I said, go down your mentioned meal.
Some of you will get a hell of a great deal on the finest cigars that money can buy.
Maybe get some for us because our sales will have it only as this making his own factory.
He's working on it.
Next cigar, 71 111 flagrestreet.
Just take the ball metal right to the flagrestreet.
Actually go east one mile.
You'll be right there. Knock it on the door.
Fix something long in your plus.
Get your sticks at me.
This is 560 QAM.
So.
Get me a stick.
Get for an aeroplane.
All right.
Got to get on the Wheel of Fortune games.
I just got to win.
Spin the wheel again.
Oh, banner.
Fit me a letter.
Bankrock.
What do you mean bankrock?
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Content to look.
Get back there.
Jack again.
Won't throw in the tower.
Still live by your gauze.
Oh, banner.
Fit me a letter.
Hey, man.
What do you mean there's no F and F?
banner.
Fix me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about QAM.
And I'm not an all over Santa.
Why?
banner.
I don't understand why you make a hundred grand.
Knock on me to play.
Anyway.
Get me a stick.
Get for an aeroplane.
Gonna be on the Wheel of Fortune games.
I just got to win.
Spin the wheel again.
Oh, banner.
Fit me a letter.
Go, banner.
Go, baby.
Go, banner.
Get out of my face, back.
Is that a two-way?
And there and hell in that world?
Is it a low rider?
All right, no banner.
Forget the letter.
And I'll take banner.
Why, you beautiful baby.
You're a meek of later home game.
I'm a sticky, foreign, lero plane.
All right.
I'm on the Wheel of Fortune games.
I just love that sound.
I'm in the border's round.
Hey, banner.
Fit me a letter.
Loser, turn.
Hey, pass, lose it.
Banner.
Fit me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about you.
All right.
That isn't all over.
And, banner.
I don't need to serve.
Are you wearing underwear?
Knock on me to play.
Anyway.
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look.
Get past it.
Jack again.
Won't throw in the towel.
Still like by your bowels.
Oh, banner.
Fit me a letter.
Please, banner.
Fit me a letter.
All right.
I'm ready to bid, baby.
Hey, PCD, FD, JGK.
Let me be doing a TVWK.
That's your cover, man.
All right.
I'll take the sofa, the blender, the microwave.
They're a refrigerator.
Hey, man.
What do you mean 500 dollars for a black and white
and affordable TV set?
You got wrist-hop, man.
My brother and I will get it for your home sale.
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man.
All right.
I'm ready to go for it.
I'm ready.
145-560-WQ, I don't want to get our good friend Nick
upset down at our cigar joint, put George and I
are both smoking Garshavigas right now.
Cheap dimes to our cigars out of a little box.
That's all we got.
That's all we got.
It's not that we want to be smoking Garshavigas
out of some little box.
Still, because we just already had a stay a lunch.
Although at least it's consistent.
But hey, you know when John Penacene, we're going to say
in those great, like the Pradoomo Reserve
and all of those others are favorites from next this is what we're stuck with okay I just mentioned
that in passing not that we want to be pushy do we here's a mobile and opalaka hello
Neil yes sir how you doing great on your poll question uh chain sprick or spaniard i'll take the
chain yeah uh next on your allergy problem uh fungus yes i have the cure i'm guaranteed
i guarantee this i got the tree i got a guaranteed cure i don't know what that would do too
um tea tree oil have you ever heard of it what the hell was that somebody just somebody just
dropped the lotion in the basket in the next room they're just the whole building is shaking
tea tree uh what is it? ptry dish? no tea no tea isn't Tom tea as in tea you may
tree tea or ee oil tea tree there is i'm dead serious here my wife had this exact same thing you
have she tried everything are you serious? the loader man she had it she tried it all are you sure
of it i'm positive where do you get it? she well i'll tell you that the please don't tell me it's
a prescription item no no absolutely not i'll make it in the shampoo it comes in a lotion
i think she got it at the bread of life and i think you have one out by you and uh the bread of
life i'm going to go to my health food store well it's it's it's an it's an all natural product it's
and it's uh it comes from the tea tree which is i think uh i don't know where it grows or whatever
but the stuff is amazing and here is athletes but i i use the cortisol i get athletes
foot from from playing sports i can't do cortisol because i'm diabetic so far that it's
that you're watching the boring not good for a zone is useless compared to this stuff you put
this stuff on it is instant i'm not kidding tea tree what tea tree oil tea ee tea or ee oil yeah i go
into the bottle i keep why do you keep spelling it well because i don't know if you can say a
tea tree or a tea tree or what you know pp oil yeah pp oil that's it i tried that it didn't work okay but
i'm serious this will this will solve your problem she went doctor to doctor didn't she went to a
nutritionist to find this out that's how she found out i do like that and i can't be walking around
this for years and i bet you get to that pp oil that'll do me how you have to go i'm so i
i guarantee it will call it solve your problem okay thanks a lot okay how do you spell it again
we have an open line of date five six seven oh five sixteen hey listen maybe the guy's right i would
i would send them a big something about some flowers or something other house if we knew who they
were if he uh you know turns me on to something good at least he gave me something you know i'm
saying at least he's making a suggestion as opposed to somebody would just say oh yeah that could
be a lot of things that's interesting yeah i see uh you know what i'm saying i don't want i
want i don't want to brutalize anybody i don't want to start putting anybody in position where i
put a lot of pressure on them but you've got to say something you have to come up with something
don't you
both campers white where you got a report radio five sixty q eight half
russian is the perfect example of queer what is his purpose for his new show or his ugly show
he uses that word rectum every five minutes because that's where his brain is he's never going to
get past his self-floor audience because that the town and the people that he's always complaining
about are the only fools that would give him any time of day eventually his rainfall drops so low
you'll have to readjust his rectum hey yo man
does not see you hanging around my house enough and i want to talk to you about what did it need to
listen here now i'm gonna put it this way yeah wasn't you who did the push and put the stains upon
the cushion put prints on the dashboard upside down hey what wasn't you you brocco build in
messing with my daughter Jill if it was you'd better leave this town well
you gotta say yes to it i who did the push and put the stains upon the cushion put prints on
the dashboard upside down yeah yeah but simply if your daughter had a trouble passing water so
I guess we're even all around why you come over here
oh
it's 154-560 wqm star pool continues we talked to a thousand people 937 of them said they'd
rather have somebody from a Chinese person moving next door 60
