Sport Radio 560 every 2am Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and rarer or count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil his guests call his or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the beastly broadcast group.
Now Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QAM. Why you airing shit like this? That's the American fucking way.
460 460 460 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 5
The Changing System so Arg It can be 1000 jumps in use by Allen마po and
Now I think it's good you need an edge effect and all pigeon
He knows that Halide's ill.
Ooooooh!
Try to organize the crime.
But the experiment has failed.
When the brain digges down and door the box up down,
they just fell over the plate.
It's a big goddamn disgrace.
I heard the old Rogers cry.
It's just a day that's on Halide's side.
Why the great place to kill an event?
When self-driven asshole grew with it?
With apathy, I heard the old Rogers cry.
What happened?
What happened?
It's a day by an event.
Hello, two and five, six, we're WQM.
You know, I've heard everything now,
but then you're guilty this one.
You're what he said about Pymel Burin.
Hey, that should be looking guy.
Yeah, I mean, you know, we all know that.
What kind of a sports observation is that about Pymel Burin?
The great one.
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
But nevertheless, you know, I heard that last call.
You know, a little dog for once.
For once he's on top of this thing.
Okay, he's right.
What kind of medical care is this team getting over there
at the Cleveland Clinic?
If they're getting the same kind of cure over there that I got
before five times, the only time I went over there
and they didn't even write with the asshole doctor.
Remember?
Because the magnet peddling asshole doctor
who was one of the rubber band men that wanted me
to have the operation because of those words that was having.
And so I go over for a second opinion and they bring in a whole staff.
This is the top asshole doctor in the world.
And quite frankly, I think they have many asshole doctors
over there at the Cleveland Clinic.
But nevertheless, and he brings in this whole team
of experts, of asshole experts.
And they were looking in there and they got the flashlight up.
I mean, they're, and you don't need no rubber bands.
They're a couple little hemorrhoids.
They just leave it alone and he'll up.
And it did.
That's the only time I ever went over there
that I got any kind of anything that made any sense.
And where did you first hear, by the way,
that Paul Belberry would not play another game this season?
Was it just a lucky guess by yours, really?
You think so?
I hope so.
I mean, they were hoping for the best.
And he was hoping for the best.
And he skated a few days ago and he was skating out there
like the wind, so I'm told by people of saw him.
But his knee, it's a, ain't right.
And he had to go to Alabama with a bandwagon as knee
and they had to re-operate again last night
like a real surgeon.
And now he's out for six months.
And we're all crossing our fingers
and hoping that he comes back like the Pavel
that we know and love, those of us who have some idea
of who he is, which most of you don't.
But I mean to say, you know, to sum this up, I say,
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
What was that have to do with the price of rice?
Okay, I mean, he'll look at sitting in a stand in a suit, I guess.
But we don't need that.
And by the way, Geldy,
another point that you're wrong, I mean, totally wrong.
Totally wrong.
For people that are following this, I understand that it's a very
marginal team.
The Panthers were 500 team.
Marginal amount of talent.
They got a lot of overachievers.
They've had that right from the inception of this franchise.
That's why Wayne and the Atari and the Murray Boys
luckier in hell.
Right from the beginning, all the people in the organization
from Bobbi Clark and right on through.
They've been luckier in hell.
Because quite frankly, you know, you look at the composition
of the team even the year that they went to the finals.
Not really that much talent.
A lot of overachievers.
A lot of guys that really gave 300% and went out there.
And you know, for a couple of months got really hot and did miraculous things.
So, but to say that they don't have a chance or that people aren't buying the tickets
because it's a law, they got to win 9 out of 12, which they don't have 12 games.
Look what they got.
10, I think.
They don't have to do that because Carolina is folding up like an accordion.
Carolina is only five points ahead in the path as it got two games ahead.
So, it's amazing as it may seem.
They got the Putrid Islanders tomorrow night.
And they got Tampa Bay at home in the last regular season game.
So, there's some soft spots.
They got two games against Washington.
They were out of the playoffs long since and have nothing to play for.
So, anybody that counts them out of the playoffs at this point,
even without Pavel Burry, doesn't know what they're talking about.
That's a good looking guy.
Right. Doesn't know what they're talking about.
It's a long shot, but they don't have to win almost every game
because Carolina is in a coma.
They couldn't win a fixed game.
They blew a 3-1 lead against Tampa, against the lightning give it a hit at home in the third period.
And wound up with a Putrid tie.
So, everybody has got a big mouth.
Everybody talks, but as usually is the case when you turn on a radio no matter what station is in this town,
or you're reading your newspaper, they don't know what they're talking about.
Everybody's got a mouth, motor mouth.
But I would agree.
Okay, that's a good looking guy.
I would agree with that, but who cares, you know?
Maybe you'll have more time to bond with Pavel because he ain't going to be out there on the ice for six months.
Yeah, really wonder about that Cleveland clinic.
You know, I mean, I just don't know.
Dr. Over there puts me on 50 milligrams of hydrochlorothiastide from my, you know, he looks at me.
Oh, yes, Adalat, which it wasn't the Adalat by the way.
I had a biopsy and another test, and you heard Dr. Marker yesterday.
I was not allergic to the Adalat.
Was I? No.
But he looks at me.
How can you tell these things by looking at somebody?
See, if you sound very authoritative, like you really know what you're talking about,
and you whip out a whole bunch of facts that you have stored away in your brain, beep it.
But again, there's another example of that.
People talking up the storm who often don't know what they're talking about.
And it start me out on 50 milligrams, and I look at a PDR last night,
and I found out a whole bunch of side effects of this drug that I'm on.
Very effective for my blood pressure, by the way, it works great.
First of all, it says, use the lowest dosage that's effective.
So why would you start out?
Here's a drug that's available in 12 and a half milligrams.
Why do you start somebody out on 50 milligrams?
What are the effects, by the way, stomach problems, stomach pains,
and I'm having all of them, like my kishkeys are like twisted from this stuff, probably.
And that's the end of it. That's the last that I hear.
And I look at the side effects of the, in the PDR last night of the drug,
and I'm looking, just haven't had those blood tests.
Send your LDL, which is the bad cholesterol, up.
Send your glutechloid, which, which, if you're diabetic, send your blood sugar, up, which it did, was interfering.
All of these things, did he bother mentioning this to me?
No.
I mean, you walk into the, and they've been very nice to me over there.
You know, they treat me with superstar treatment, they give me right in, right out on a moment's notice.
They've been very nice to me in every guard.
But that's fine on the face of it.
But do they have any idea what they're doing?
Like the very same surgeon that operated on Pavel Brey to the first ACL,
he's the one that I went to for my foot, for it, like I said yesterday.
Did he do anything for it?
No.
Nine months later, he'll buy himself.
Thank God.
Thank the Lord.
Thank God.
Right.
Didn't do a damn thing.
Except tell me to stand in front of the wall and slide my foot around.
I'd like to slide my foot up similar.
Correct.
Over there at that place.
So I think little dog is right on target.
You have to wonder, you know, he's finished like I told you.
Did I say that he was probably not going to play another game?
But he's unfortunately, we love you.
You know, God, we need him.
But he's, you know, Gordon Murphy taking forever to get him back in line up.
You really have to take a look and wonder what's going on over here.
I thought I wanted to cast the spursions, but it goes back to that same thing again about medical care,
about life and death.
Do you really care?
You want to be fat?
You want to be dead?
All these things.
See, the public doesn't like hearing us.
And that's why like the religious stuff goes over real big.
Because it like is a nice make good, you know, cover up for all this grotesque stuff.
That's about life, which can be a bitch.
With all these diseases and all these injuries, I mean, you know, God could have made us like a carcant.
We could have taken off our shirt and had a big emblem on our chest.
And then Superman, we could have been invulnerable.
No diseases, no illnesses, no death, no, no nothing.
Freitrain comes along.
You just leap up and here and you fly away from it.
It doesn't hit you.
No problems.
But that goddamn shan god, whatever the hell his name is, that the crazy people invented.
He just an SNM guy, man, he's a master, I say this animaticus.
We're living in a world of SNM.
Anybody like it?
Yes.
I bet.
Ten minutes after ten.
Come on, lay those to fill in baby. It's almost pays off.
I see we've got a couple of Jewish beanie babies in the heraldous morning.
I'll get them then.
Boss, I was stupid, stupid.
If you're a human, I see it.
You're gonna go to limbo.
Oh, if you're not a Christian, that's the reason.
You're gonna go to limbo.
You're gonna go to limbo.
Oh, limbo.
The waiting for us to be so limbo.
Oh, limbo.
That's the reason.
So, wait until we're not really strong.
If you're not Jewish, that's the reason.
You're gonna go to limbo.
That's pervert hardy.
But that's another story.
You better off be limbo.
Oh, limbo.
The waiting room must be so limbo.
Oh, limbo.
Oh, limbo.
The waiting room must be so limbo.
Everybody, welcome to limbo.
Yeah, boss.
Waiting room for us to stand and sit down.
Stand up and sit down.
Make sure you never obey the laws of the Bible that were written by man who never wore pants.
Please have a seat.
The waiting room must be limbo.
Oh, my God.
The tax of TV.
That's what you get in limbo.
Limbo.
The waiting room must be limbo.
Oh, limbo.
That's where we're gonna go.
That's where we're gonna go.
There we are.
We're in limbo now, man.
You can smell it.
Before I get back to that other business about Paul Vellbrouin, about crappy doctors, and about the things, and about the playoffs, and about people.
Some of you people out there, that last guy that called the worst team this morning.
All these, you know, parent, all this paranoia.
Oh, it's a big setup.
Well, of course, they don't want to give you the real bad news that maybe he was gonna be out for the year.
And I told him that around the rest of the league, they were saying, hey, I'm probably gonna come back to the season.
They were hoping for the best.
But they're not gonna tell you that, but as far as an ice stand corrected, what I'm wrong, I'm the first one to tell you.
Nobody else has to say Neil was wrong about the playoffs tickets.
I don't read the fine print.
God calls in this morning.
I was listening on the way to work for a change, which I usually don't do, but I heard that call.
And the fine print, if you read it with a big magnifying glass, you can get a refund or apply it toward your next year's tickets, whichever you choose.
So if they don't make the playoffs, you can get the money back like immediately if not sooner.
Just about.
But everybody's so paranoid.
Oh, and they're out to get it.
Listen, Wayne isn't gonna miss any meals one way or the other.
He's not gonna miss any feedings, okay?
So, you know, if that's what you're concerned about, then I don't care about Wayne.
You know how I feel about Wayne.
I don't support the pants.
And I don't pay for the tickets anyway, although did I get reimbursed yet for those to play off?
No.
The deposit.
No, but I will someday maybe when George gets his $200 employee of the month bonus.
No.
Well, like I said, if he lives long enough.
So I really don't care about that.
I go because I love the panties.
I support the team, etc.
Even though I do wear my maple leaf jacket because they come first as everybody knows it's part of that bitch.
Tell me what to wear at the game the other night.
Go to hell, bitch.
And don't ever come near me again.
I'll call the usher and have you thrown out.
I'll throw you out myself, okay?
I'll stick my foot in your deck.
Just, uh, parpool you out the door.
Bitch.
Boy, people left the go.
See, that's one thing about this thing.
About this town.
People will go out of their way to be nasty.
I mean, you can find nasty people anyway.
But here, there are many people who will actually go out of their way.
They'll make the extra move.
They'll go the extra nine yards just to be obnoxious and the assholes.
Which, you know, that's something to be said for that.
So I guess, you know, uh, sunny versus funeral was yesterday.
And like I said, sunny was a great guy.
Everybody liked them.
I was thinking about that over the weekend, you know,
all the different people that I've worked with in this market over the 23 years.
Very few people could you say, well, everybody liked so and so, you know, very...
I can't think of anybody that I ever knew who had anything bad to say about sunny.
Except maybe, of course, some of the people at the university, Miami,
and some of the people at Quirchannel, when they stabbed them in the back,
and shoved them out there, and unceremoniously,
and treated them like crap, they're at the end.
You know, and I don't want to mention anybody in particular,
because you know, I'm sure that some of those people feel bad about it, you know,
who were involved in, you know, not telling sunny what's gonna be doing the games anymore,
and stabbing it in the back and taking his job.
Dave, what's up?
I'm sure that I'm not gonna mention any names, but I'm sure there are people who feel bad about that.
But anyway, so it comes to my attention,
and of course Hank was off yesterday,
because Hank was a real good friend of Sonny,
and organized a funeral and did a great job of, you know,
I'm reading a nice article, by the way, in a hero today,
with one exception, which I'll get into.
But you know, Joseph Gackie was there,
who was close with Sonny, and Tony Segredo,
and Hank, and a lot of others, a ton of people.
Number one, I wasn't a close friend with Sonny.
I worked with him twice at KAT, and at IOD for years.
And you know, I don't think I ever had a conversation with Sonny,
that lasted more than 30 or 40 words,
because he worked at, when I was at KAT,
I worked in the afternoon, he worked at night.
And another part of the building, way in the back,
I used a lot of days I never even saw Sonny.
At IOD, he worked in the morning, I would see him a few minutes
between like 9.30, 9.20, and 10 o'clock.
That was the extent of our relationship.
Always pleasant, I liked him, he liked me, he was a great guy.
But number one, I didn't consider him a close friend.
And number two, I don't do funerals.
I know that I'm a, see, one thing that I'll be the first to tell you,
I'm an unorthodox person, not just as far as religion, unorthodox,
but unorthodox as a human being.
And I make no apologies for that. I am me.
I don't do things because it's tradition to do them,
because it's expected he to, I went to one funeral.
Of anybody who's ever been a friend of mine in his business,
and that was Bill Calder.
And the reason I went to Bill's funeral was number one,
he was a great friend of mine.
We had great, great times of work together, two or three different times.
He used to go to the racetrack together, he just a great friend.
But I went because that his wife was also a good friend, Mary Ellen,
who called on the year here a couple of months ago,
and called me at a nice chat, she's doing great.
But she was a good friend, so I went to Bill's funeral,
not to pay respects to Bill, because, you know,
how do you pay respects to somebody who's dead?
You know, I don't know, that's just not my thing.
You pay respects to somebody when they're alive, you know,
by being a good friend.
But I went because I went for her,
because obviously she wanted me to be there, and I was.
I don't do a funeral.
And I'm certainly not putting down anybody who, you know,
was there yesterday at Sonya's,
because these were all his good friends,
and he and especially in life of the fact that he had no family left,
these people were basically his family,
and I think that was great.
But anybody out there who's questioning how come George and I
weren't at the funeral, I, yeah, what is that?
I don't do a funeral, so call me a bastard, okay?
Call me an asshole, I don't do a funeral.
What's the point?
Somebody's dead, I mean, are they going to be aware?
I mean, you know, I said all the things on the year that I felt,
somebody came up to me at the hockey game Friday,
thank me for the nice things that I had said about Sonya,
this guy had worked with him for years at UM,
this guy also got screwed in the back by the way by UM,
which they're famous for doing that to people,
which I just mentioned in passing,
but I don't do a funeral.
But, you know, I noticed they took the asshole,
Barry Jackass off the story here,
they put Susan Miller, Deegne Degman,
another stringer evidently, I have no idea who she is.
They hear all the other one, they're professional writers, not.
And it's a really nice, got a big picture in here,
the Paul Barra's, Hank is there,
and Tony and Ron Fraser and some other people I don't recognize,
but it's a very nice story and Sony deserved it.
But there's one thing in here that I notice again,
they can't stop saying this,
it's an, I realize that medical examiner made a mistake in the report,
you can't play Barry Jackass quite as much,
I know Hank was out of the collar,
and I hate Barry Jackass almost as much as Hank does,
because Barry's a putt.
But they made a mistake in the first report about how he refused the CPR,
and he refused the attention,
but that was bullcrap, he was Deegne Degman, they got there.
But here it says in the article again today,
Hirsch died last third day of apparent natural causes,
not apparent natural causes, he had a heart attack,
he died of coronary artery disease,
it's already been reported.
Why do they have to put a parent like,
oh, just made me, you know, you know, there's something, you know,
there wasn't.
And like I said the other day, I'm the only one who's going to say this,
just like when Joe Demaggio died,
who smoked three packs of cigarettes a day,
had a lung removed because of it had lung cancer,
and granted he made it to 84, which is a miracle quite frankly,
but nevertheless the reason that he had the lung removed
and the reason he died was because he was a heavy smoker.
Why can't we say that?
Does that make us disrespectful or bastard?
No, it's just a good lesson to be learned.
And Sonny died from fat.
You die from gran, he was fat, he was,
and not enormous fat, not like, you know,
some of the people around here like,
booster, not fat fat,
but he was overweight all the while that I knew him.
And we do this to ourselves.
We clog our arteries, we go clogging and we die.
And I don't see anything wrong in saying that,
do you?
Had a heart attack.
I mean, 65, especially by self-fotus standards,
is not an old fart.
That's not at all at all.
You're not supposed to die at 65,
but that was the thing.
But anyway, that's the reason I wasn't as a funeral and dry,
I can't speak for you all, you know, you didn't know Sonny all that well.
You worked around him, you thought he was a nice guy,
you give him a ride one day, his car broke down.
But I mean, it's not like he was a personal friend,
or you would have been expected to be there.
We were on the air.
What, yesterday?
Yeah.
Well, we could have taken the day off.
I mean, Hank took the day off,
but again, Hank was probably some one of his very best friends.
So that's to be expected.
And organized the whole thing over there,
and did a great job.
But I mean, anybody that questions why I don't do funerals,
okay, I don't apologize for it, I don't do funerals.
There will be some funerals, unfortunately, in my life.
And you know, I was thinking about it too.
I got so much to talk about here today, you know,
I don't want to get too philosophical,
because I'm not that old yet.
I'm getting there with all the aches and the pains and the unknown.
You know, this is part of the bitch of life, the mystery of life,
especially when you don't take care of yourself.
When you abuse yourself,
it all adds fish food and sugar and refined carbohydrates and candy,
and smarties that people are bringing you, killing you.
How many times have I talked about that over the years,
killing you with kindness?
And it doesn't do any good,
because even the nice people, they have this one part of their brain
that doesn't function, they're dumb.
They're just dumb.
They don't understand that they're killing you with kindness.
Like the day that I talked on the year,
I mean, we had just been on the year here like a month or two.
And I was talking about being like, definitely ill from fat and just choking on,
and you know, how I don't want anybody to bring any of this stuff around,
within an hour.
Remember Mickey Dane's daughter comes over over with a cake that Mickey had baked.
And I said,
No, thanks.
I mean, what is that?
That's part of that syndrome again,
that fat people want to keep other people fat,
because it makes you feel better about yourself.
There's no mystery about that.
That's a fact.
You may disagree with what I say on this show,
but one thing that is a guaranteed fact is that fat people want to be,
but not see other people around them fat.
And even if they're not fat yet, they want to help make them fat,
so then they feel better about themselves.
Our good friend, Al Gulstein,
the callist yesterday,
there's a classic example.
You're going to go eat with him tonight.
What are you going to be eating tomorrow?
Well, whatever.
I mean, that's not all you can eat shrimp.
Oh, shrimp, that's okay.
And if he goes, yeah,
but you're not just going to be eating shrimp.
I am.
Yeah, what's he going to be eating?
Everything.
Oh.
You've seen it.
I know I have seen it.
We love you, Al.
You're a great guy.
You're a fun, you're a sensational guy.
Everybody that knows you likes you, okay?
But you're going to die.
Can't do it.
They don't speak the language.
They don't speak any calls yet.
They're bragged to me that his blood sugar is down 175,
which I'm sure he must be taken medication.
Huh?
Fat people always do that.
And that's in the morning,
like when he's been sleeping all night.
You know, so the body isn't a partial state of fat.
175, is that good?
No.
I know my blood sugar is baby.
That's not good.
Are you going to be the one that's going to push him around?
And the chair?
He's going to be his seeing eye dog.
When we chop his legs off and he can't see anymore,
are you the one?
And are you going to be the one that drives him over
for dialysis every week?
He's got a number of days.
Every day.
And both to do that.
Okay.
Well thank God for that.
1027-560.
There's Joe Costello, who's looking better today.
He was sick as a dog because their general manager
was running around spreading mono all over the building.
Until Friday, of course, when he was supposed to call me back
with some answers,
he's not all of a sudden he got too sick to work,
and ran home with his tail between his legs, our GM.
The spineless one.
But anyway, yeah.
Side of the hatch.
On the blue ship of this dog,
it's a slave ship and it's very tough
when you roll whole day.
It's a big deal.
You have to back with change.
It's a wooden ship and it smells unlike an arse.
It's all about eight parts and it's too diapid and deep.
They throw the body in the sea.
It's enough for the toilet for Thorcen.
Long is a rat.
And if you go play it.
Oh no, white debris too.
It's not big change.
It's a slave ship.
They don't have no food when you can see.
They feed it back to you.
Life is very hard.
A typical ship of the sun.
1033-560 WDQAM.
So let's talk about the funerals today.
And about no, seriously, I think I got all this other stuff I want to do.
But I'm going to spend a lot of time dwelling on this.
I want to talk about this at length.
Because I was thinking of myself after reading.
It's a great article here.
They're a fitting tribute to a guy who was liked by everybody.
I was thinking to myself, you know, I could cook like tomorrow.
I could cook in the middle of the show.
Many days lately I felt like I'm dying over here.
I was wondering who would come to my funeral.
He would show up.
Because there would be free food.
Oh, there's going to be food?
Well, I'm in.
Oh, you'll be in there because it would be embarrassing for you not to be.
How come the door is still open?
Or is Donnie afraid he would make some noise by closing?
No, it doesn't close the springy thing.
Oh, the spring doesn't work while I figure this around here.
Probably would cost like what, 45 cents per spring that might work over there.
I noticed a nice baseboard on the walls out there in a hall too, by the way.
I just want to say this before I get into my deathful nail here.
You people in this place are so cheap and you're such a bunch of slabs.
I mean, I'm not exactly a fashion plate, okay?
I'm never going to accuse me of being a snappy dresser.
I'm walking around my sandals on again because I'm on my toe is healing up nicely.
Thank you.
I don't want to irritate it.
But you people are the ultimate slabs.
I've never known anybody.
I mean, you have no self-respect.
No nothing.
I mean, when the first day I walked up on this floor,
months before I started working in this radio station,
and they gave me the guided tour.
And I went, I said, I mean carpets with mildew and mold and stains on a wall,
the pea stains and cum stains.
I mean, just brown stains.
I just don't believe it.
I thought, what kind of a place is this?
Then I went over to that place on Sheridan Street to pick you up that one day.
And I ran out of there.
I had to go in there and take a leak and I thought, oh my god.
Yeah, right.
What is that smell?
Then I found out, of course, that Josh Friedman was running around on the loose.
Man, how can you be such slabs?
And again, that comes back again, just having no self-respect.
It all goes, we're all here to worship at the altar of one guy and make him seem like, you know, something.
He and I, of course, have a language barrier.
We don't speak the same language.
It's called language broadcasting.
You don't speak it.
But anyway, getting back to my funeral.
I mean, who would really show up?
I mean, family?
Few of my personal friends, which I have.
Maybe about a half of us not going to think of or real good friends.
George would show up there because it would look bad if he didn't.
And who else would be there?
There wouldn't be no 300 people gathered around.
And I'm not complaining about that.
See, because I don't really give a damn because I'd be dead in the box anyway.
It makes no difference.
But I've alienated a lot of people.
And I make no apology for that because a lot of people can't handle the truth.
A lot of people like me, but also a lot of people don't like me.
So fine, that's fine with me.
But one thing I do notice that now that I'm alive still, last time I checked,
is that a lot of times I'll hear people like when we had the Super Bowl here a couple of months ago.
And then we have people Hank was talking to me last week after Sonny passed away.
People that I worked with.
And it's basically part of a syndrome you'll notice on a whole radio station once in a great while.
Once in a very great while.
Somebody will mention me like I actually exist.
Like Mandage for example, you know, Mandage and I get along great.
We never see each other.
That's why, but we have great respect for each other.
But I notice yesterday he was giving me a little shot by a name about Michigan State.
And you're right, mad dog.
There are a bunch of animals up there.
I can't defend it.
They're assholes.
But other than that, I'm basically the unmentionable one.
I'm like the guy with leprosy.
I'm the, oh, the untouchable, the unclean, the unmentionable, and I don't exist.
So that people who worked with me years ago, like Kevin Coff, and I heard him on with the Hank the other day, or like so many I can pick up Craig Sager.
I worked with a WSPP in Sarasota 26 years ago.
People that I hear on this radio station talking to people, especially the Hank, and they go down a list of all the people they've worked with.
The guy, my name is never mentioned.
I'd like I don't exist.
I'm not a factor.
I'm not a, I'm not a human.
I'm not, I'm not there.
I just, like a ramal hand in the invisible man.
I'm like a shadow on the wall.
I don't exist.
All the money that I've helped to raise maturity, which I figured out this morning, I was taking a shower and I was trying to add up in my mind.
It's got to be over a million and a half dollars last ten years that we raised for charity, maybe closer to two million.
And again, I don't do it to get mentioned because if I did that, I would have stopped doing it a long time ago, because there is no PR, and nobody mentions it.
It's no good. If we raised ten million dollars on this show, for whatever charity, it's still wouldn't be good enough to get a mention.
All but you've alienated the people in the media.
Tough crap, okay? Too bad.
I just mentioned it in passing, Father Perinoia. I just mentioned it in passing.
So it goes to show you with some of us no matter what we accomplished, can it be number one for like 20 years in a row, which some of us have, by the way?
AM, FM, Morning Drive, afternoon drive, midday, nighttime, you name it.
Stations that haven't been invented yet.
And there'll be like a purple mentioned, you know, the only guy that ever wrote good stuff about me consistently, because he really was a fan of mine.
And then speaking of dead, was Bill Cospert, and the hero now there was a great guy.
Great guy.
And he just, like that, I don't remember how old he was, how old was Bill? Like 39 or something like that?
And he had diabetes, which none of us ever knew.
Wake up on morning, here's this terrible story. Bill Cospert died. Stop taking his medication, and he was alone, and he died.
And very little was written about that, almost nothing.
So one thing I've learned in the 23 years of it in this time, you don't ever do anything expecting you to get credit for it.
The only credit you're expecting to get a paycheck, you know, and to get re-roared financially for it, because other than that, forget it.
It's like the six years that I did you of M. Baseball over there.
You know, that's forgotten. That's all history.
It didn't exist. I was never there. Dave Lamont, Dave Lemmon, all those people associated with you of M. Baseball, I was never there.
Never happened.
Seriously, I'm like the non-human.
So those people in the audience who think I'm non-human, I think you're right. I'm the non-human.
And proud to be.
Again, I just mentioned it in passing. I don't exist.
21 before 11 at 5.60. Am I wrong?
What?
Exactly.
I mean, some of the people on the list, it's guilty taking a couple of chief shots because he's trying desperately to stir up some controversy, because you're going through tough times last couple of weeks, unless it's that contrab crab.
There's never a mention.
I don't know anything about the panthers. I didn't put any people in those seats. I don't know what I'm talking about.
No matter what the topic is, I don't exist.
And you know something?
I'm proud of it.
Because I'm unconventional, because I'm a miserable old fag prick.
And you know what?
All right. That's what I say to that.
The Thumbudianoki.
Tonight on Modern Marvel, they were the pioneers of a lifestyle that to this day is enjoyed in men's rooms everywhere.
I think it was back in 22, me and the boys drilled a fire stall in World War. They were hand drilled back then.
Take a peek into the secret society of men who first developed the glory hole to today's high-tech adventurer.
I'm told that now they're using lasers for speech.
Modern Marvel's Glory Holes.
Tonight on the Historical Channel.
1045 at 560 WQM.
Here's a facts from Clear Channel.
Again, somebody on the inside over there.
It's a shame on you, Peter Bulger, Rana and Dave Lamont.
I hope you feel even better now for stabbing Sony in the back.
You should be so lucky to die a quick painless death like Sony.
It says you should be rotting 60 and under right now.
You scumbags.
So it says, on-site, of course, from somebody who needs the job, a Clear Channel.
On the inside, on their fax machine.
How do you like that?
A lot of hostility over there, so I get it.
A lot of people that aren't too pleased with Pete Bulger and some of the others over there at Clear Channel.
I do believe this guy died of a broken heart.
I think that they, that's a very apt description of what happened to Sony.
I mean, you know, the fat contributes, of course, clogging up your arteries and the stress.
And when you already have those things, then the stress compounds it and then all of a sudden you're dead.
They kill them.
This is what I believe.
Huh?
I really believe that.
And this business will kill you.
US judge overturned state's ban on sex toys.
Montgomery, Alabama.
Here's some good news.
Paul Harvey would say.
He's still on.
Jesus.
And the time to hang it up, Paul.
Go down to the basement.
Shut the equipment off and give everybody a rest from that corn ball crab.
Good day.
It wouldn't be great just one last good day.
He'll buy some day.
Montgomery, Alabama.
Federal judge on, you'll be golden in general, too.
You understand.
Federal judge on Paul Harvey, Jr.
On Monday, overturned Alabama.
You would, you'd dance on his grave, wouldn't you?
Yeah.
I hate to break the news to you, Paul Harvey, Jr.
But George is laughing at you.
Just wet his pants.
Thinking of the prospect of dancing on your grave.
Well, that'll be a battle.
I won't be around to see that.
I'll be dead.
Federal judge on Monday overturned Alabama's ban on sex toys saying the state had no reason to prove it to sale of their devices.
US district judge Lynn Wood Smith of Huntsville found the state's 1998 law is overly broad, pardon that expression.
And in violation of due process, right?
Because it bears no rational relation to legitimate state interest.
So in other words, even Alabama has no legitimate interest in banning sex toys.
All right?
So go to Montgomery with a ban on you.
In fact, maybe when Pava was over there, getting his knee operated on.
You come back with a couple of pocket rockets.
That's the Russian rocket with a pocket rocket.
Oh!
Yeah, there you go.
What's wrong with that?
I like it.
Okay, now, which your player was called the pocket rocket?
Richard.
How do you know that?
Biosmosis.
Listen to you.
No, no, no.
You have to go Persian way.
That is unbelievable.
I could just, I think I'm going to die right now.
I think I have lived all I need to live.
And after hearing that come from your mouth.
Mr. I hate sports like poison.
Anybody who's interested in his nasal, you don't know which recharge, but that's good enough.
One more.
One more.
There was the older brother with Henri Richard with the rocket.
And his younger brother Henri Richard, they called him the pocket rocket.
How do you like that?
Anybody out there got a pocket rocket?
Squared, squirt.
Speaking of that, by the way.
Speaking of over-sex people.
If there is such a thing which I doubt.
Catholic League urges Boycott of San Francisco.
Not for the reasons why I think though.
San Francisco, a national Catholic organization on Monday called for a Boycott of San Francisco,
saying the city was promoting intolerance by allowing a group of drag queen nuns to hold a street party on Easter.
Ooooo!
What's wrong with that?
What was the name of that movie a trivial pursuit?
What was the name of that?
It was the nuns.
That wasn't the name.
Was it?
That's really spoof movie on the nuns.
You know the one I'm talking about.
You don't?
A few years ago, it's an old movie.
Like a comedy?
Yes!
How did I miss that?
Somebody will call him to you.
And that's the old nasty habit that just came to me.
That wasn't that it?
That's the habit.
And of course they were all upset about that.
The Catholic League is always getting upset, okay?
Just because they got this barbaric religion.
This archaic barbaric religion.
We're all through the centuries.
They've been slaughtering people who wouldn't accept the offer that they wanted to make.
It wasn't offered.
They refused.
And they said, okay, well guess what you're dead.
And of course, running around with all these chachkis, wearing all the robes in the-
Oh God.
And sticking the wafer in people's mouths and having them drink wine out of that filthy chalice
that the priest with those lips, you know about those priests.
We all know the story about the-
People fact in the church.
Winking wine out of the same chalice that the father's tool has been on.
But anyway, they're all upset because San Francisco allowed a group of drag queen nuns
to hold a street party on Easter.
Many people think that San Francisco is the city of tolerance,
but it is a lie.
And outrageous lie says William Donahue, president of the Catholic League for religious and civil rights,
in a half-page ad taken out in the San Francisco Chronicle.
The League, which has 350,000 members and fights what it teases anti-Catholic prejudice,
says San Francisco has planned to allow the sisters of perpetual indulgence
to close a public street on Sunday for a party to celebrate their 20th anniversary,
was tantamount to an attack on the Catholic faith, which I say-
Ah, yeah!
Great!
Our objection to the sisters is not centered on men dressing as nuns.
It centers on their obscene assaults on the Eucharist, the very nucleus of Catholicism.
That is why we are outraged the League of Erasmus.
Well, what exactly is the Eucharist?
What is that? That's the way for it.
Doesn't he do the games for a Milwaukee Bob Eucharist?
The flesh and blood.
The flesh and blood of what?
The way for in the wine.
Is the Eucharist.
Are we going to have to play all you can eat Negro again now?
Huh?
The flesh and blood?
Are we back to that disgusting stuff so close to lunchtime?
The flesh and blood of what?
Of Jesus?
Jesus!
Oh no, holy Jesus!
What does that have to do with the nuns?
Oh, I guess they were doing obscene things with the flesh and blood.
He wasn't getting none.
So it is written, so it is said, so it is rumored.
The Eucharist, the blood and the-
Oh, I mean, what talk about SNM stuff again, huh?
Now, that's a religion Dracula would have been proud of.
I wonder if there were Catholics in Transylvania.
He would have if he would have just hung around a little longer.
Huh?
He would have loved that religion.
Could have Eric Burdensing spill the wine in the background?
And he could have been sucking the blood out of the-
Huh?
Hey, there's a lot of sucking going on in that religion.
That's all I can tell you.
A lot of sucking.
Just ask Father or tool.
So there you go.
They're all upset about the little spoof out there.
And they're all bent out of shape.
Oh, it's the pray-
Yeah, right.
Whatever you say.
Okay, let's take two or three hundred calls,
and I will see if they want to talk about Paul Vellbrie,
about funerals, about dying over here.
Whatever they want to talk about today, huh?
Let's see if these people got anything for us today.
Probably not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60,
on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I have a song about Coastal Vow for you.
Yeah.
You there?
I'm waiting.
In the Balkan States,
there's a place called Coastal Vow.
Oh, yeah.
Balkan Brian already did that one.
Thank you.
Oh, by the way, he was told me that Randy ripped him off
that same day, the Coastal Vow song.
Where would?
Ripped him off and did the same user.
They got the karaoke better, something,
and the user ripped off the same song.
The same song, same lyrics, that same day.
See, this is one thing, even the lie don't exist.
How can you rip off somebody that doesn't exist?
But all these wannabes, all these Neil wannabes in this town, yeah?
I mean, Randy, I hate to break the news to you sweetheart,
but you're just tired and old.
And now I hear you.
You're your home sister, the same thing.
Another desperate Neil wannabe.
Oh, I listened to Neil for years, and then I knew I was ready.
Whatever, whatever.
What does that mean?
You know, I was ready to go on and do a Neil Jr. routine
and play a lot of stuff off the car, a lot of cars.
Yeah.
Doesn't bother me.
That's okay.
I don't steal a steal away, sweetheart.
We still beat the stout out of her,
even up there in Palm Beach County.
I mean, we're in Dayton Broward, and even in their rating book,
every time we beat the crap out of her.
I'm sure that Bokobrine would send them tapes if they'd cut in the check.
Yeah, pay that's another point.
Pay them while they don't want to play.
Probably don't have the cash up there, you know?
Who owns that?
Doesn't queer channel own that also?
I don't have no idea.
I can't keep track of it.
And well, not always that, but now they got to pay Mikey the big bucks up there, you know?
Here's the cruel spring.
Hello?
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
The other day I saw you, you were walking into the predator game, and I could hide you, and you ran like hell.
I was like, I weren't that brown-footer.
About the way you have very good...
What do you mean, a ran like hell?
You put all high and you ran...
No, I know I didn't.
Oh, you did it?
No, I did not.
I was hoping that...
I was hoping that...
I was hoping that...
I was hoping that everybody I don't run like hell, not yet.
I thought we'd you turn around and shake my hand, but that's okay.
Oh, by the way, what's the status on Borey?
He's out for the...
What do you mean, what's the new read of newspaper?
Do you listen to the radio?
Do you...
Oh, well...
Have any contact with the outside world, or have you locked in somewhere like...
Yes, sir.
Holly, I'm guiding light.
He's out for six months.
Why are you laughing when I tell you that?
He's out for six months.
Do you think that I'm using?
Is that I'm using?
Is that I'm using?
Not really, exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah, so...
Well, what the hell?
Go Leafs.
Okay, yeah, go away.
No wonder I didn't.
No wonder I ran like hell.
See, I always have that good sixth sense.
You know what?
I always have the judgment.
Oh, I'm not going anywhere near this guy.
See, there you go.
Right again, nice going.
Even though I don't exist.
5.670560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
Come on, let's have some serious input here today, okay?
Let's get serious, shall we?
Come on, let's get down to dirty and real serious today.
All this business about funerals and about why weren't we there and about all this stuff,
about the fact that I'm the unspoken one, the un-mentionable one,
it's just astonishing.
I don't exist.
Even these little punks, these little underlings, who like, you know,
were were sweeping the floors when i was a w n w s and i and the all these places
i don't exist i was never there i never will be i don't exist
mobile in my any hello
hello nil yes sir i don't even know you don't exist
yesterday at the funeral you were mentioned and you were given recognition
as they said one of the people that stood up and thought
said that one thing sunny admired was nil's work
for the u m baseball games and what a great job you did
well i know that i take as a compliment that's great that's great and this was brought out
in front i don't remember if it was um
Hank or rich d'Alrup but one of the two got up and uh pressure was one of those two um but they did
make a special point saying how much sunny and your work during the u m
baseball when he wasn't doing it that's great thank you what a great job you did i
appreciate it all right thanks a lot
so you know that coming having come from sunny heaven said that it means something
because again university mind me like i said i i never was there those six years that
somebody of five years on radio and one year on tv with bob greetsy doing the color i
it just i dreamed that i never did those games
see because one thing about the university mind if you ever expect i mean i guess when you die
like with sunny although when i croak they they wouldn't know for me by them you know because
this is ancient history but if you ever expect any gratitude from them i'll never forget i had
done u m baseball for five years ron phraser and i good friends uh he used to talk about well you
know Neil made the games exciting we were building the attendance out there at mark life stadium
he has a lot to do with building interest in it's only college baseball but people are coming out
breaking attendance records left and right every year went to the college world series five years
in real and then the uh games went to another station but the long story to gps and then after a
year of not doing the games they came to me would you like to do the games on television on channel 33
bob greetsy is going to do the color and i said sure so we're out there at mark life stadium this
is a good this is classic this is vintage university of my amy okay i've done the games for five
years and by all accounts done one hell of a job which i'll say so myself i'm sure i did okay bob
greetsy who everybody likes a nice guy good guy there's no reason in the world not to like by a
local hero with the dolphins okay back to back super balls the a perfect season with the
so on comes jay roquich on the p a before the opening telecast that season eighty three eighty
four whatever year was and he says we love uh uh uh uh uh uh we want to give a nice mark light
uh stadium salute to uh the broadcasters for channel 33 uh marley or hurricane baseball on
this year new Rogers and bob greetsy we both got booed loudly loudly there wasn't even a
no both got booed and i thought okay f you too so i did the games because i enjoyed them and i
enjoyed work with Ron phraser and you know it was just a lot of fun those six years but as far
as the university of my my it's sunk and and it fills things it's a bunch of plastic self-aggrandizing
phony assholes who just uh you know never met a criminally didn't like
you two a m my happy boy car
right for scambles
they nothing like a hot bowl of soup
you know we take them back to a time when my man had done it all hold them a hood smell like
canned tomatoes we really need like that no more when all the new flavors from scambles soup
like chickaboo stew with chunky rat bowl the motor melon pit and my favorite cream
oboe leh how lit with tigel poop to make it juicy oh and i your own business and lunch and
samba's no mo oh cold scabbles soup be good
that's what cambo soup be
the the the good it's 1102 at five sixty wc we got our usual staggering response here on
the phone it's so one of those things when we got paysocks and easter and the kids are out of
school and browered and about half the town is out of town which we say nice drive it anyway five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighteen T wireless line see all of those thoughtful
things all of that introspective stuff that i went through there for about 40 minutes you can't
pound to these people yeah i thought i had a communication problem with Gregg Reed
I got a communication problem with this audience.
You can't talk to these people about these things.
These are unique. These are interesting.
These are something to think your teeth and do.
Amazing to me. Just like yesterday.
Even yesterday with that thing about that, with that Cuba Oriole baseball game,
which I noticed Dave Hyde is writing about again today.
On and on and on. You don't have to pull him teeth to get anybody to say anything.
Off the ear, Mandy, I'll got a big mouth. They're all listening.
But like I said, considering we get any calls when you don't even exist,
it's quite a miracle. Here's Port Saint Lucie. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
All right, enjoy your show immensely.
Of course. I'm calling a book here.
So does everybody else? They just don't want to speak to me. They're a bunch of pussy.
They're a bunch of pussy.
There's more on there, both of you above.
I'm calling a bout the act and the diet. How can I get information on that?
Probably by buying the book. Don't be a cheap pastor. Go to the book and buy the store.
Or go to the store and buy the book or both.
Go to any major bookstore.
Sure, they got it. Dr. Rankin's new diet revolution, paperback.
Okay, and how do I get the best of Neil on CD?
Call center one.
Center one.
Five, six, three, three, six, hundred.
Thanks a lot, Robert.
Okay, thank you. God bless you, sir.
We don't want to raise too much more money for charity.
Somebody might have to write something about that, do you think?
No. Now they won't.
If I raise $200 billion on a year of maturity between now and the end of the show today,
would they write anything about it?
No.
So like I said, you don't do anything hope it to get credit for it in this town
because you won't get it.
Unless you're part of the inner circle, the fraternity of little suckholes,
I'm not into that, okay?
Not that kind of suckin'.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the on the AT&T wireless line.
We got any live wires out there at all today.
No.
This week.
Oh, we're going for three weeks in a row.
Can we make it?
I think we will.
Here's a pig mepore to mobile in Miami. Hello?
Yeah, a pig mepore.
Hey, Southbound 8.
7.
Before between a candle and a Killian.
They're all over the place.
Okay.
They must have a plane in the air.
So everyone's floating out.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
All right.
God bless you.
Thank you.
And happy to go with us.
Okay.
Whatever it has you're celebrating, all these silly holidays.
Oh yeah, like I said, Harold's got the Jewish beanie babies here again.
Why aren't you going to stop?
Or, first, they're never going to stop.
See, I keep saying these things are expecting.
I might get some kind of a rise out of somebody and never works.
Because you can't change human nature.
Here's the bang my head against the wall like I made it.
Now I just bang my head against the wall to get a response.
Years ago, I used to bang my head against the wall thinking I was going to change something here.
Oh, man.
What a jackass.
Forget it.
Here we go.
Logging onto the internet for Pesach.
Live from New York, it's cyber saider.
And here's a picture of two of four.
Oh, I feel so bad for these little kids with their beanie on.
They're pretty babies.
What?
The beanie's.
Yeah, the beanie's here.
They're pretty.
These are designer beanie's with all kinds of little chotchkes on them.
I don't know what those chotchkes are before.
They're colorful.
All the people that force your kids to walk around looking like some kind of freak with little beanie's on
or whatever little chokki would her magic underwear or whatever superstitious crap you're forcing them to bring the sacrifice their brain for.
How sad it is.
How sad it is.
And finally, the Harold.
You know, when you're wrong, you're wrong, which is most of the time with them.
And when you're right, you're right.
But once every six months they come up and say something right.
Even though it isn't at the very bottom of the editorial page today, I'll give them credits as praying for respect for students of all faiths.
Public schools are not a place for public prayers.
Exactly.
When are you going to get the message, okay?
When are you going to understand if you want to pray, pray at home, pray in church, pray in a goddamn sidewalk, pray in street.
Don't subject other kids.
I went through it in a high school myself with those goddamn assemblies in candidate when New York they were like maybe ten of us Jews and whole goddamn town.
And we had to sit there, oh, and the Lord's Prayer, a Christ named it, and I used to sit there thinking, what kind of a bunch of goiisha crap is this?
The law says you have to be there.
So obviously when you start mixing religion in there, it's a violation of your constitutional right of separation of church and state.
Anybody with a half a brain knows that.
But the intolerant good Christians out there and the other simple-minded imbicils, all of them are so much crime and so much violence in schools.
If we just get the kids to pray, right.
That's going to do it.
You've been schlepping them to church all their lives and they moult and mumble all these stupid meaningless things, whether it's in English or Hebrew or whatever.
They don't even know what that means.
Does that make them a better person?
No.
Damn straight, it don't.
Does that make them straight?
No.
Oh, it don't.
56670560, pound 560.
You know, where are the panther people?
Where's the piers?
Here's the news that I've told you.
Okay, before anybody else.
Pavel Buray, you know who he is, number 10 member him.
Ruski?
Anybody got anything about that, huh?
I come on here and I say I think this team still might make the playoffs as Bizarra's, it sounds.
Caroline is fooling up.
They might actually went up on a home ice advantage with the third seat, even as Bizarra's it is.
Anybody with any opinion on this show?
No.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes sir.
Pist off.
Fired up and pissed off.
Yeah, I'd like to speak about the subject.
You just touched down there with the date county and the school prayer.
Yes sir.
I saw a piece there on the NBC affiliate.
And they even got members of the parades and these others from the school board that are lobbying for this thing and you got people standing out.
It's interesting.
Martha Perez.
Yeah, yeah.
Another banana boat lady who doesn't understand what freedom is all about.
Freedom, separation of church and state and freedom from religious and superstition.
It's pretty good when we have to have Mr. Simon from the ACLU go down there and stand there.
And thank God for him.
That's right.
Thank God for him.
And you've got people there in great numbers standing up saying it wasn't till metal and all hair to prayer out of the school to climb one up.
As if religiosity plays a role on climbing going on in the school.
Right.
You couldn't be more far.
If they better go back and look at the sources of their religiosity, the Bible and all these things.
Nothing in there is consistent with anti-blogging.
If they want to bring their kids up with the proper values or whatever they consider other proper values, that's their job to do it.
Not the public school's job.
That's their job in the church and the synagogue and all these other ten-throw people to do.
It's just one more mechanism for them to try to encroach and bring people to the library.
There you go.
To Christianize America, to take it over, to brainwash, to propagandize, to convert the masses and make this into the Christian nation that they believe it is.
You know the one thing big thing they missed there, Neil is even Jesus allegedly should have existed and wrote this thing in Matthew.
Yeah.
Now some don't be hypocrites and don't pray in public.
And here they are doing exactly the same.
Now you're confusing them with the facts.
I know I can't do that.
Thanks for your time, Neil.
Say how to Martha Perez.
Martha Perez, yeah.
Oh yeah, kids will be so much.
Look at this.
One call on the board I got here.
See, I talk about people killing.
That's what you're doing to me.
You're doing to me what Clear Channel did to a sunny herch.
You people are killing me.
You're killing me.
Day after day, each and every day it's like reaching into my no wonder my kiscus are twisted.
Like reaching right inside like those phony Chinese operations I keep talking about.
With the chicken blood.
And just tearing my guts out.
Desperately trying to engage these people in some kind of verbal intercourse and it just don't happen.
No.
Relentless bastards that they are.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
There was no farmer who lived on a rock.
Oh!
He's adding the metal just shaking his fist at some boy who were down by the crypt.
There being the water there is on their marbles and play things at that fast war.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubbles and laces and white fluffy ducts.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend.
While the boys in a barnyard were shoveling Reptus and litter from yesterday's hut.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he has her phone like they she'd show him her nisto pet dog who was subject to bits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck God his candy so tasty made a butter sky.
And then he spread with cream all over her cookedies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty you can go to yourself.
I'm in 15 to 15 to 15.
If you got to tell you as long as we're talking about people dying and Bill Cosford there was just a great guy.
Did you know Bill Cosford?
Or was that before?
No, he was on the show once, a minute and once.
Great guy.
I mean a brilliant guy.
I mean one of the rare people you have so few people have ever written for either newspaper in this town or even the old newspaper rather than I mean news.
How you doing Howard Kleinberg?
There's a good guy.
Howard and his wife they come to all the games get depressed.
But seriously there have been so few people that were like really journalists, really people worthy of working for like a major market newspaper.
Most of the rest of the guys and these were their stringers.
They're like, I don't know from nothing.
You know, pusses like Barry Jackass.
But Bill Cosford was a brilliant guy.
And I don't just say that because he used to write a lot of nice, he even wrote a whole column about my broadcast of you on a baseball.
He was one guy who appreciated what I did in the year in this town.
Listen badly, great guy.
But the other guy was Dick Casper.
And you know, I know I've said this many times before and probably most of you don't remember who the hell the Casper was.
Dick Casper put WMIQ on here which was the first FM Rock station in the market.
He put Y100 on here.
Which Cecil Heptell, he put that on here in the format that it was.
He put I&Z in the first all news format in the market.
Two of WNWS which used to be WFAB La Fabaloso down around Flagler Street and made it into what it was, the News & Talk.
The guy was a radio genius and he dies.
And again, he was fat all of his adult life.
He had lost a lot of weight but he was always very, very heavy guy.
I mean, real big.
But a great guy and really knew this business.
Loved it.
And a good friend.
And they went in just like with Sonny.
Went in the house one day and found him dead.
Was there much of anything written in the papers?
No.
And here and again, here's the guy that was a radio pioneer that put all of these stations, all of these formats on here.
And because Tom Jickel wasn't around here when Dick Casper was doing this stuff.
I mean, Tom, if you really wanted to be a journalist and you were a good guy, I like you Tom.
But so I'll never, ever forget the fact that here's a guy that dies in this town who did so much for this business.
And it was like it never existed.
Like it never happened.
Tom could interview with me, he could have talked to a whole bunch of people.
About Dick Casper and all the different things he accomplished.
He could talk to Luke Krohn and what he sub-ranked all those different people about all the, you know, nothing.
It would have been too tough to, you know, write about something you don't know about.
So typical of this town, you know, good people come along and they do good things.
And that's it.
They just vanish.
Of course with me, I won't have to vanish because I don't exist anyway.
Right?
Oh!
That's right.
Here's a mobile in Carroll City.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, I've got a lot of things to say.
Go ahead, my honest, sir.
Got all the time in the world here.
These bastards are dead in a door and the other guy.
I'm tired of these callers, man.
I'm sick and tired of this routine of this game we play.
Every day it's like a cat and mouse game on this show.
You know, I could tell that something's going on because usually when I call on the mobile,
it takes me time after time to get through.
I got through on the first push, you know?
Yeah, I still got open lines in there now.
Oh, man.
Listen, I'm going to tell you something.
You probably going to disagree with me, but this is what I...
I disagree.
Okay.
I'm just going to make it interesting, you know?
All right.
Well, okay.
I know you, you know, this whole thing with Wami was a bunch of crap as far as you were concerned.
I liked it.
But I have a feeling that having your face, you know, having your head on the billboards,
you know, gave you exposure.
And now that that's over, I wonder if there's a correlation there.
Correlation between what?
Well, you know, I mean, you could point in about not having the call.
Or phone calls don't mean anything as far as any putting it on.
We would go through this for months now.
The last trend that came out we had...
By the way, speaking of trends, when's the next trend coming out,
it should have been out already.
You're probably hiding it.
But we, you know, we had great numbers here.
So when I had the biggest number I ever had in the market at INC in the mid-day,
the phones went dead for like weeks.
I remember going out on the front lawn and doing the show because nobody wanted to call.
This has always been a dead ass time.
Well, if I let the phone calls dictate to me how many people I had,
I thought we're listening.
I would have killed myself a long time ago.
I would have gone to open up a two-shine stand.
As long as the numbers are good, screw them.
Now, but that's not the point.
How do you do a good...
This is supposed to be a two-late talk show.
People are supposed to call it an talk.
I bring up things that I think people ought to have an opinion about.
Whether they're funny, whether they're stupid, whether they're serious,
whatever it is.
And these people ain't got enough to say about anything.
I'm supposed to be Mr. Hockey.
Pavelle Burinau, as I've been predicting, is out for the year.
They screwed up his knee over there with the first operation.
He had to go to Alabama or to Banjo on a Z to get it operated,
to get the whole thing torn about and recredits started.
Did these people have anything to say on this show?
No!
And I go to a hockey game, every guy to him game.
Oh, Neil!
There's Neil Goddard!
You know, I'm Mr. Hockey, but these people will not speak to me about it.
Well, maybe if you're on the...
Uh-oh.
If I was on the sports station, but oh, you are.
Oh, yeah.
Listen.
Oh, yeah.
That's right, I forgot.
I'm just a novice.
What do I know?
These are the other shows.
They're the experts on Hockey.
Yeah, you're not supposed to be.
The chairs by Guts out when I hear them calling people that they know don't like,
they don't even like the game, and they're asking them questions about the hockey.
I love that.
Listen, another thing.
Sunny Hersch.
I mean, forget going to the funeral.
What you said the other day, you know, to me meant more.
Because I mean, I've lived in this town all my life.
That's exactly my point.
I know, and like I said, a guy came to me, a young guy,
that's a hockey imporatient guy, and thanked me for the nice things I said.
And I said him because I meant them, not because I'm an ass-licker.
Sunny was a good guy.
I liked him.
I worked with him for a long time.
He was a great guy, and liked by everybody.
So by saying that, there are supposedly a few people listening to the show,
I could do more by doing that than showing up at a funeral,
and standing there weeping over a dead body in the casket.
It's not my style.
And again, I don't put down anybody else who did.
I think that was great what I inked it.
But I just don't do that.
It's not for me.
Well, Sunny was great, and I really appreciate it.
And listen, you did go to a funeral.
Remember WNWS, that big procession?
Yeah, that's right.
I was in that procession.
That was a great funeral.
Yes, it was.
And the tombstone still around somewhere.
Lil, Nitt, Nitt, Nitt, I love you.
Thank you.
God bless you, sir.
Dennis Collins, that's for you.
Two open lines on there.
I want to get them all lit up.
Okay, I'll just sit there and we'll take a pull to the right snapshot of it.
Greg Rieg was in here looking real sick again.
What is he doing in here?
Why does he keep coming back?
He's just like a cat that you keep heaving against the wall,
and take, go away, and he just keeps coming back.
I'll see you that last day.
What is it?
2003, something.
I'll see you that day.
And if you're healthy, we'll shake hands.
Say thanks for a great job, Neil, even if you don't meet it.
And you know, you'll go your way and I'll go,
but that's it.
That's it.
We don't speak the same language, sweetheart.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in South Miami.
Going once.
Going twice.
Well, I'll teach you to stay out of that part of town.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
God.
Damn it.
Yeah.
Thanks for taking my call.
Thanks for making me call, sir.
All right.
I hate when people call a talk, sir, and say,
thanks for taking my call.
I know, I know it gets you.
That's why I hate that.
I mean, you're given the numbers out.
Why do you know?
We respect people to make a call.
So why shouldn't I take the call?
You know, I hate, they'll call up on C-SPAN or on CNBC when they have these
phony financial experts on their role full of crap.
Oh, well, thank you so much for taking my call.
I wonder about GE, you know.
Big deal.
Neil, yes, with the end of the day, I haven't heard a single call or talk about cost of all.
What is there to say?
Well, other than the fact that the Serbs are a bunch of barbarians and that they're burning people down
and chasing them out of their homes and shooting schoolteages and farther students,
and what we're doing over there is a good start, but let's finish it off.
I'm going to tell you, sir, anybody who disagrees with it, anybody that wants my sympathy for the poor Serbs
and all this other bullcrap, they can rot in hell.
And like I said before, if they would have stopped Hitler right in the start there,
instead of sitting back with Neville Chamberlain, all that pussy foot in the round,
then we wouldn't have had to have 10 million people croak.
And correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't it all boil down to religion?
Sure, exactly.
Of course it does.
Of course, we give air, we sir, every place you look in the world.
Virtually, there may be a couple of exceptions, but virtually every major conflict is because of religious differences.
The Irish and the Northern Irish and the Protestant and the Catholics and the Middle East and the Pakistanis and the Indians.
Air be conflict everywhere in the world is because of religion.
You got people blowing up abortion clinics in the plant parenthood and shooting abortion doctors,
all because of crazy religious people.
That's what it's all about.
Religion is crazy crap for crazy people.
Exactly.
Right, amen.
And they're doing all this killing and these are Christians.
Right.
Well, they've got a good long rich history of doing it.
Exactly.
And it's ironic that it's holy week.
So let's go out and kill all the Muslims.
We can get a hands off.
We'll hold them for holy week.
Yeah, there you go.
Any allow a shameless request?
Yes, sir.
I think it's Marilyn Elders.
She was kicked up by the descendant.
Marilyn Elders over here.
Okay, you got it.
All right, thanks.
You like to buy the curly short hairs.
Have a great face here.
And happy face off, through by the way.
Well, they celebrate face off and highly.
Like I said, let's just have the Jewish holidays
for the eating part, okay?
That's all.
And for the July and Labor Day for the drink and the beer
and getting drunk part, that's fine.
Roasting the weenies out there.
Nothing wrong with the hot weenies.
But all these religious stuff, I'm telling you.
I'm telling you, folks, it's a bunch of crap.
Be Jewish beanie babies.
I mean, why?
Why?
I go to those games that I see these young guys,
12 and 13 and 14 years old with these schmothers.
They're here.
They got those designer little chachkis there.
Those little mogen dovids.
Yeah, that's what they are.
What do you laugh at about?
That's a star in David.
It's a Jewish star as a mogen dovid.
Why don't you learn something about real religion, okay?
You little cat lick.
Learn about religion that preceded your thought that you guys ripped off.
You're like the Randy Rhodes of religion.
You're like the Paul Castronova of religion.
You're a ripoff artist.
Why?
Yeah, why are they wearing those things on their heads?
Why?
Why are you making them do that?
Doesn't it look awfully silly to all of us?
Doesn't it look silly?
Uh-huh.
Thank you.
Well, he looks silly.
I understand he had the Reverend Shore runner again sucking his ass.
Larry, you're disgrace, but at least everybody knows it.
You're a Jew and a Golden Bull.
Oh, f**k is that all right?
Oh!
He resides in the city of St. Louis, right?
He's mind there is rain there.
He's mind there is rain there.
He's the censor of real bad life.
Big to really see it there.
Oh!
He walks on his life something small.
He just like leather jacket.
Right those wild, many sad things in the show.
Who does everybody have his own?
He resides out in the city of St. Louis.
He can call his parents and die.
He dies in life.
He gets a little boy through.
I can't die right there.
Well, talk about gripping off by the way.
Have you ever heard on the morning show when every now and then you'll hear a clip of Mandog going?
Oh, right.
Like that? Have you ever heard that?
I just mentioned that in passing.
I mean, I don't really care about that, but it's really interesting.
Oh, right.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line line.
H is running with George Corso, our cracked engineer.
Checking out that line with you.
I think maybe actually working on it.
It's only the middle of the third week.
Only the middle of the third week that we're in these new studios up here.
Don't expect things to be.
We're almost building a goddamn day.
Just one phone line.
Yeah, that's right.
And the fact that they don't roll over and they do these all these mysterious things.
Don't be worrying about that.
You can't solve them, anyway.
What?
That's true.
Hey, listen, I got more on there now.
We've had last two weeks.
Here's a pay phone and four-letter mail.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
That was Ray Mulan and the man with the X-ray eyes, not the invisible man.
Yeah, whatever it was.
And I know about those...
Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
The guy with the eyes.
He can get through.
The other people allegedly, they can't get through, but the guy with the eyes, he gets through.
Don't you understand?
We don't want to talk to you, Ken.
We don't want to speak to you.
We'll give you the signal in about six months if I'm in a real good mood one day.
If I'm still alive by then, we'll give you the signal.
We'll say, today is okay for the guy with the eyes.
That's right.
We'll give you that little thing on the palm of your hand from a distance if you take a bath first.
God.
Well, what does it take?
The people that you want to speak to, which quite frankly, I have no idea who they are.
And that's what I like.
I don't want to know the people I'm talking to.
Do you follow what I'm saying?
I don't want to talk to chronic regulars, especially people that have been banned from the show.
Just like that cat, you keep slamming it against the wall and picking it up and heaving it,
and whacking it against the wall.
And it comes back, meow, and it webs up against your leg and makes you nauseous.
And you just want to die.
Just, hey, Carlos.
Speaking of die.
By the way, Carlos is a great guy, but if you notice that his hair is a little bit different color every day.
Have you ever noticed that?
Like some days orange.
I mean yellow.
I don't know what.
He's a versatile man.
Okay.
That's what he said.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, not to show disrespect, but didn't funny also smoke cigarettes.
Yes.
And...
Well, no, no, no.
Now, why do you say show disrespect?
Listen, I mean, the guy is dead.
If the things that he did, like me, be in fat, eating all that sugar and stuff,
if somebody can benefit from that and realize that you're killing your stuff,
that would be a positive thing.
There's nothing disrespectful.
Okay.
He smoked and he ate too much and he had a heart attack, he had coronary artery disease,
and he died many, many years before he should have.
And it's tragic.
And Neil, is it true that when Henry Barrow gets out of rehab,
he is going to replace the worst team?
Yes.
Oh.
Oh.
If he ever gets out.
By the way, you know, we're talking George and I before the show today about people dying in funerals.
And George said about the only person who's funerals he thinks he would go to
would be Roger Magdalene with Dancent as Grey.
Is that what you said?
I said it bring noise makers.
Yeah, right.
Party favors noise makers and all the booze.
He just wanted to take your job.
Somebody helps such a grudge, okay?
He did a great entertainment report.
I'll tell you that.
5670560, £560 on the AT&T.
He was always nice to me.
Huh?
I never had any problem with him.
So that's unusual.
See, we finally found somebody that I like.
He's okay.
And you don't.
Now, that's unusual.
I was as nice to him as anyone could have been any stabbing.
Although I will say this now, who is tell me my friend Dave, you know big Dave?
Huh?
He was tell me last night.
He was over the house.
He was telling us that you're an asshole.
And I said, based on what?
He said, oh, I'm sure that George stabs you behind the back.
And then he's home of phobia.
I said, why do you say those things?
Well, now, why you want?
Now, see, I would even mention it if I thought it were true.
Why are you so aghast?
How could he get that impression from me?
He said you're a professional, a little cubist.
So, when we know that,
I love my game.
And by the way, let me just say this to you.
Okay, by the way, George admitted off the year yesterday about that one to six thing,
about straight and gay.
He admitted he's full of crap, but it sounds better on me to insist.
Well, actually, I don't like that.
You can try.
No, the bisexual are the ones who have to, if they want it, they got to buy it.
You know what I mean?
Don't be frisked out.
Yeah.
I could think of some.
And there's nothing wrong with that.
I don't know.
I think that's fine.
Yes.
You want to go right there?
I mean, you know, I mean, I'm not talking about out here.
Like, what was his name that, from Atlanta?
What was his name?
Eugene Robinson.
Was that his name?
That, that, that, that, that football player?
Trying to get a lawyer.
He was just trying to get a little head of the pack.
What's wrong with that?
But I'm just saying, what was I saying?
I'm saying that you hate Rob and things on the homophob?
Yes.
I already get that impression.
I don't know.
And why should he care anyway?
He's the straightest person I've ever known in my life.
Why should he care?
Huh?
Well, he's just very protective, you know?
He likes that NSX.
He's a mobile and lake worth.
Hello?
Yeah.
Hey.
Everybody I know likes their cars.
Yes, sir.
Listen.
They all like them too, and they got their eyes on it.
Yes.
They don't have all these kids, and they're going to school yet.
And all this religion pushed on.
Aren't these the ones like these Arkansas kids that are shooting up
this other kid in the school?
They were the ones that ran like I said yesterday.
They're ministers for guidance after they've done this deed,
and they have been brought up in these real, real religious homes.
In fact, the more religious the home, the more neurotic the kid.
You see that every time.
So that's the final result of what happened.
Right.
And this night stalker guy in California, remember him years ago?
Sure.
Yeah, he was, his parents were big in religion,
and look what happened to him.
Right.
That's right.
Yeah, it just goes to the studio, right?
Exactly.
That's a good one.
And you take away when you're fried, somebody's brain with a lot of bullcrap,
then they very often tend to go straight.
Oh, but that's not the American way.
This is a Christian country.
Yeah, right.
Whatever you say.
Okay, Castle Hoist.
Plenty of open lines on there.
Maybe even line eight.
My work put like George said,
we'll never get them any cause that they'll roll over to the number eight.
That's the problem.
Never be able to test it because we just can't keep it up.
Fine.
Did we get one call about Pavel Burriette?
No.
No.
You know what this reminds me of?
This reminds me of when the Panthers and as much as I despise the Murray's,
both of them, give Brian all the credit in the world.
I was a steal of a deal.
I was one of the great steals in the history of Al sports,
getting Pavel Burriette in here for a special ed,
and Dave Gange to unload his salary,
and also Brett Heddeck in the time of that.
One of the great deals.
That's gone VM.
And I come on the year breathless the next day or whenever the hell it was.
And nothing.
I was doing the same thing, then.
I'm doing now pushing and pleading and trying to say,
does anybody know who this guy is?
No.
Are we excited?
No.
Fine.
6.
7.
0560.
0560.
I'm the AT&T wireless lines.
Why do you go to funerals?
And can we come to yours?
21 till noon at 5.60.
WDQM, you want to, hey listen, I guess after the funerals over and everybody
goes and sits down and eats like a Jewish funerary,
and then you sit back and you light up a nice doggy, huh?
What's wrong with that?
I think it fits in with the ambiance because I don't know about the Christian funerals very much.
But I know with Jews it's always like after what you kind of like have a party and celebrate a little bit.
And it's, I don't know why, but it's in tradition because we make any excuse to eat and then light up a great doggy.
Well great, what?
They're really depressing the Christian funerals unless you're Irish or with Casey.
Can you light up a cigar after you have your 20 or 30 beers?
Hey there's nothing like that.
I like to light up a great doggy from Nick's cigar as no matter what the occasion might be.
Maybe like, in fact, if it's not being morbid with the dying,
let's talk about somebody is born, okay?
You have a baby, it's all tradition to give out a cigar.
Give out some great cigars like those Pernoma Reserves from Nick's.
Suck it in and hold it.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White House Association.
Let's face, most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing.
But as usual with every frowl there is a solution.
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about hand guns.
They scare the s*** out of people and timidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right hand guns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Rub a bank.
Don't have enough money for beer?
Call the convenience.
Take some chips and pretzels by random.
It's all free if you've got a hand gun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
The simple solution of life's complex problems.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Find the dancing of the street.
Just fire a lot of hand guns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out and to be considered a population control.
Yes, hand guns.
They just might make you pay.
744-560-WQM Boy, it's a good thing I don't have one in the studio.
I'll tell you that.
I might go out and shoot somebody, put him out of his misery.
Not myself.
567-0560.
You know, this, uh, there's, we got a game tomorrow night.
The islanders are very big game.
Islanders, of course.
And the arrangers, by the way, had a hell of a tough time beating the islanders last night.
And the game that means nothing to the islanders.
And arrangers desperately hoping to keep their outside chance for a play-off spot alive.
And arrangers, to be honest, were really suck.
But that big paint roller there is and they suck.
They're an embarrassment.
But we got a hell of a shock to win that game tomorrow.
And really still have a chance to make the playoffs because Caroline has got to play Philadelphia tonight.
They got a tough schedule left.
They got to play Ottawa twice.
Where's that house?
Well, whatever.
They still got a tough schedule.
Yeah, that's them.
So it's got to do that.
And the thing with Pavel Brey, I see he was now a quarter to twelve.
And just like I said, the day that they came on the year of the first day, I would have been on vacation.
And I'll come back after that weekend of the trade.
I've just been made a couple of days before.
And I'm all excited about it.
And it's the same thing I'm going through now.
Why do those people at those games?
Why do they all come running?
Oh, Neal, what is that all about?
It's phoning is what it is.
You know, I love Sean Burke.
He's done a great job.
I'm glad they hit him on.
I heard that this morning on the worst team.
Thank God for you, Sean.
Are we going to be like twenty points out of the playoffs?
He's been phenomenal.
Far better than we could have ever expected.
Sensational.
Although you don't have to rip the B zero to make the case a little dog.
Okay?
Always easy to rip somebody when they're gone.
But at any rate, he didn't make one comment.
And I thought, yeah, Sean, you haven't been here all that long.
You know, when he talked about, wow, he was really surprised at how into the game the fans were and how knowledgeable.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, we put a lot of people in there, Sean.
But I hate to break the news to you.
They're clueless.
They are clueless.
Big time.
What is that your check?
This is the Collagen man.
I know it's the Collagen man.
I know that and the guy.
That's why I didn't rip him on here.
He says go on here and rip the Collagen people.
They didn't show up yet.
I didn't say that.
Yes, you did.
You said those Collagen people are a bunch of assholes.
I said, no, they're not. They're my friends.
It was my fault anyway.
I called the wrong people.
If you would have talked to our friends here, you would have gotten all the water.
You would have gotten water up the.
There's no way to wreck them.
You can't even water on your knee or whatever you wanted it.
Okay.
They love us a Collagen.
Just sign on the dotted line and the prices right.
Thank you, sir.
God bless the Collagen man.
That's what I say.
And by the way, if any of the people from the,
I don't want to, you know, I don't care like I said before.
I don't look for any recognition because I'm never going to get it anyway.
But I just mentioned these things because I'm not going to pass silently
into the night, if you know what I mean.
Have any of our good friends on this end of the building?
Thank those for supplying them with all that water.
How the underlings yeah me anyway. Oh, they thank you have they come in here and thank me
They're not scared of you good keep it that way and by the way Corey
I don't go to funerals. You're a good guy Corey. I don't go to funerals. Okay, so mind your own business
Ever since I mentioned the fact that they don't look that bad all of a sudden he's got an attitude
Wonder what that means here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Me. How you doing great?
Long time listener you you great men. Yes, I am this town only knew what they had here man
If they only had any idea what they had I'd be in trouble. Listen to things. Yes, stop complaining man
Stop complaining about the equipment at the station and all that sir. I'm gonna do whatever I want to do. Okay
We'll tie it up that sir
Let me show I have a great show but stop complaining. Well, how about this? How about stop breathing? How's that sound?
Stop wasting the air that somebody living in free. We love your show, but stop complaining
No, I will not I'm gonna tell it exactly the way it is because you know what it sometimes works like now
They're working feverishly on the phone system
I do it because it's a it's the only way to get through to these bastards and usually even that doesn't work here because they don't speak the language
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I love your show, but stop saying this stop saying that stop doing it. Yeah, right
Go down there and shake hands with Ilya Nara Rosanna Dan. Okay. Go shake her thing
Go shake her booty. Here's a mobile and Kendall. Hello
Mobile and Kendall
Going once here's a mobile in pop and oh hello. Yeah, hi Neil. Yes, sir
I turned on to restaurant because you know what we've been talking about all week. There was a guy named mr. F
Yeah, I mean, I mean doesn't get any much more gayer than that his name was mr.
Correct. Oh, yeah, yeah, and and they put these gorgeous girls
Into spurs throughout the crowd with all the guys like there's one gorgeous girl showing cleavage. Yeah, you know
In all these guys
That's where they'll be safe. Yeah, now about religion. I'm very happy. It's the Jewish holiday that will give me a chance to argue with all my relatives and some an APS
Oh, yeah, I could explain to them. I asked the other day and I was serious
I asked for one Jew to call in and explain to us what all this Passover business is and why you have to drink the wine and eat the
Unleavened bread the Mata that's sale cardboard and the thing about the all all these things because we didn't want to shave our heads like you
Brenna
Work for him
Work for Wayne, I pinga
I guess feel that that's what that's true God bless you sir. All right, and happy circus
Yeah, I asked for one one Jew to call and that's a we got a lot of you to lock out there listening at least two or three
And explain to us what another one of these silly holidays means did we get a response? No, did we get a response on pop?
Alberti no about going to funeral about anything no
You know, so that's what I'm gonna do. I got like three and a half years left something that's my goal
Everybody likes to say goals in life financial goals other goals
My goal is that someday I'll say something on a show and I'll actually get a call
Responding to the question or this was statement or the comment. That's what I that's a dream of mine
Remember Martin Luther King had a dream neo-rodgers has a dream. I know it's unrealistic. I know it probably isn't gonna happen
Three and a half years ago by like like lightning
But just someday somewhere somehow
And don't bother me at the hockey game tomorrow. Okay, don't even pretend
I you know, I said that the other day was joking now. I'm getting serious. I'm getting serious because I can't stand this
There is no possible way
No way
That anybody could be a Panther fan a hockey fan and show up in that arena and not have an opinion about what school
What's just happened here? This is a major event a major devastating blow
But on the other hand, we still got a shot to get in there. It's a miracle and they're worried about it
They're gonna get their playoff ticket money and want money back
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. I'm calling about power. You're the first lady in two days
I didn't have one lady all day yesterday
Okay, I'm not there if abandoned me totally nice going ladies
I'm not abandoning you and I'm calling about the Pavell Burray thing and I'm very upset about it
Yeah, and you know, yeah, we have a chance to make the playoffs
But realistically what are our chances in the playoffs without them? Well, that's true
You know, I mean first you got a you never know what's gonna happen
You know, you never know who you're gonna wind up playing and you can get hot
Who knows exactly and I was listening this morning when the worst team decided to rip up the bea's are when they were talking to Burke
And I thought it was kind of disgusting. Well, why does why I mean Joe Rose knows nothing about hockey
He goes there and he schmoozes with the guys needs to free food. He knows nothing about hockey
Why does he feel he has to be another Jeff Rimmer Jr
You know Rimmer's a good friend of mine, but he hates John van Bees where he despises him
He hates him like poison, okay?
He watches the flyers play winning ever can get their games on TV
Hoping the bees will give up like nine goals in two minutes, you know why he gave us four great years
The fifth year you had some rough spots most of which were created by the management anyway, and then he moved on
Why do we have to knock him now I don't get it?
Oh, it's almost five years to crowd with the bees are bees are any comes back here and most of the people are booming the crap on them
I don't boo him and it showed absolutely no class. They shouldn't even mention either
I'm not gonna do with it. I wish him nothing but the best
I hate the flyers. I hope they lose every game
But if he plays a great game and they lose one nothing that's good enough for me
You know, I mean I don't wish him any bad. I rooted for them sending against the Rangers only because the windruff wasn't playing right you know
But I hate them too, but yes, I root for Bees or I hope he has a good year and all that
I get a Lindross by the way
There's the dirtiest player in any sport right there that fact he only got two games for that hidden the push of Peter
Ned that the fact he only got two games shows you the NHL's a bunch of phonies exactly
He's because he's Lindross that's why not only not only did he not only did he high stick him in the face
But like I happen into way from his eyeball nice going Eric
I'm so tired of Don cheering everybody else making up excuses for him
He's the dirtiest player in the game today and men any sport today
But then he goes around talking about his brother and concussions
And then this that and the other but they're giving them off he goes out and poke somebody's eye out
Well, it's he didn't realize he didn't know it exactly. He didn't know it's the dog
Okay, I wanted to support God bless you. Okay. Thank you. See leave it to a lady to call who knows something about the Pavel Bre
and about hockey
These guys out there and I'm so oh my god now you see now it's the 30th of March
You know what's coming up in about two and a half weeks don't you April 17?
The NFL oh
Yeah, another call up about the football again see one dimension lay one dimensional one horse in buggy town
And so and even that they don't know what they're talking about but that that's that's is that's the limit of their interest football football football
I'm the 30th of March
That is so far from my mind. I can't begin to tell you anything else in the world. That's further from my mind than football
56705 60 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil
They were saying in the herald that the hurricane actually have a late schedule
However hockey is the only sport I know where teams with the losing record and out of the playoffs because of the pride
They have and what they play right unlike other sports. They love being always like the
Alunters last night. I'm gonna tell you they gave the Rangers a run for their money last night
Gretzky didn't score. I wouldn't go to like two minutes left in the game exactly and they don't want lay down
Right, you know, so it's one of these things where well, I mean we got to go out there and win a lot of games
Oh sure fact I'm Tony a Carolina is
Staggering. I mean they are ready to be had the least pounded the crap out of them last week
And they blew a three one late against Tampa at home the other day. They're they're losing it and in the Pawdall Burry situation
And I upset that he's not gonna be there. Yes, but in the long run
He's got five years remaining on contract. Right. I'd rather have the man healthy
Right then pushing to the limit and thank god
We finally send to a real surgeon over the mountain will get him straight
Nothing they'll do it right as opposed to sending the you know where yep
And you were right about another thing our lease with uh
Joe on uh the more worst game this morning at least you made a comment what's going on with the medical right?
That's right. Why don't they pick up on this? I mean
And if they do pick up on it
Life forced the issue. Maybe they like all those Cleveland Clinic ads up all around the walls on the arena
You know, yeah, I guess you got to pay for the sweet somehow. There you go. All right
Have a great day
Okay, we got 200 open lines five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
See the thing about funerals. That's too morbid for this crud. They don't you know that's uh people don't die
Somebody just made that up nobody dies
I mean does that make me a bad guy because I don't go to a funeral. Uh-huh. Yeah, it makes me disrespectful and a piece of crap right? Uh-huh. Thank you
If you're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the Pope singing on his own CD
Your prayers have been answered now through a special arrangement with the Vatican his holiness is back
And he's singing better than ever on the Pope's sing
To do myself
My name is Paul John Paul
Yes, it's Pope John Paul the second singing songs that will lift you up and make you get down
He's turned around there starting play that organ music choir boy
Play that organ music right
Play that organ music
boy
Lay down in bogey and play that organ music till I die
Which might be so the Pope sings gives you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the Pope's reveal
And on the CD he's a boss
Just Shane be playing
So, hold things. There's a bit of a now with a special introductory price. Get it. Save
yourself. Five dollars. Hurry. There's no fact in the church. I'm sure.
1201 at 5.60 WQAM. To show you the world is crazy, which I've been telling you for 500 years.
Poverty rose in Britain threefold in the last 20 years. These are the people that are still supporting
me, the royal family, the queen, and then a whole bunch of goyam over there. One person in
five is living in poverty in Britain three times as many as 20 years ago, according to a government
report released Monday. The study bolstered the view that poverty increased dramatically under the 17-year
rule of the conservative party. You know, Margaret Thatcher and that Constellated John Major,
which ended in 1997. One person in five in Britain is living in poverty, but they're still
running around with the queen and her crown and the jewels and the all the chachkis and
Prince Philip working around like I said yesterday would have been uniform and all the crap on it.
How do you like that? Talk about people living in the stone age who refuse to come into the 20th
century before it ends. All of these things. Oh my God. Millions and millions and millions
and billions of goyam knows how much money they've poured in to pay the queen and her royal family of
constipated assholes of hornyer than Nawa idiots and God they are horny. They had a merry
prince Edward off by the way. Oh yeah, well I'll tell that story. Here's a mobile and four-lotter
Dale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, thanks for taking my call. Thank you so much for making your call.
We all know about that Prince Edward. He has a wife. You know. We know.
Circumcised you from New York here. How you doing? All right. Great.
I want to give you a couple little tidbits, a couple of paintings. First of all, I always love the
Panthers, but when we heard about Pavel and when we got Pavel, my son and myself, now we were
so so ecstatic and if he is so crushed and I'm crushed but he was actually almost a
fine. I told him what happened. I know Brian Murray felt. Yeah. I bet. I mean after
drowning in a sea of tears over there. Let me ask you a question. This is the same knee he had the
problem with in the past. I mean is there. I mean is this a career threatening situation where
you may lose? I wouldn't even guess because you never know how these things are going to
heal. I wouldn't have it again. So they're saying, well we hope he'll be back as the same
Pavel Breda we always know and you know with a knee injury sometimes they do and sometimes
they don't. I mean this guy is especially on our team and you got a bunch of mediocre.
You know guys that try hard but I mean he's head and shoulders. I mean so much fun to watch.
I mean when I told my son I see seven years old. I thought this guy was about to collapse.
And anyway one more click of opinion if I may. Yes sir. With regards to the first team.
I'm not crazy about Joe. It's not crazy about the other kid but.
Kelly. Yeah. Yeah. He's all right but I must say man. DFO makes me ill. That's one
man's opinion based on what what is it that aggravates you? What is this? The comedy. The comedy
bit and he's always the corner of your one liners. Very quirky one line. He thinks he's a genius and you know he's
just being over there but that's one man's opinion. I'm a salary money show blows. I'll definitely pass it
along. Okay. Thanks. I'll pass it along to the appropriate parties. Hey DFO this guy thinks
you blow okay and the quit eating so much. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 animal. Where's our
Passover calls? Where's our Pavel Breda calls? Where's our funeral calls? Where's our Dick
Casper call? Where's the Bill Cosper call? To these people know about anybody. You know this
is the same time where Mel Allen dies they got nothing to say about him. Look at all the
look at all the important people the tremendous people that have died and I come on the
air practically in tears my childhood idol Mel Allen dies. Who exactly? Even you know
who that was. Some sports guy. Mel oh you didn't like him because his name was Mel
Israel he was Jewish that was his real name brother. Antisemite. Here's Miami hello.
Yes sir. The last picture. How you doing Neil? Great. I'm one of the opposite. I'm one of
these people at the car rental center. I'm reluctant to go over and say hello but I'll give you a call
about Pavel. Okay. You think they brought him back too early after the first one and that
could be that could be it. I mean that. One of those things that you'll never really know. Yeah and hopefully
we'll have next year. Other thing I'm a cat lick and on the Bible I'm coming to new
testimony they had to write it four times. To give me right. It's the same version of the story four
times over. Right. And if you go back to your ancient religions that were invented
long before Christianity you see a very similar story over and over again with
virgin births and crucifixions and resurrections and all that same old stuff. They had to
tell it four times the same thing. Anyway. You got to do it to get it right just like you're
doing right. Right. And on callers you I don't know I've been waiting a long time
so you must be getting some callers but if you listen back to George's first show. Yeah. He starts out in a
ten minute diet drive of reducing the average caller to dog meat and trailer trash. Yeah. That could be it.
I think he had a good point. That's true. We'll give you out though. Thank you. Have a great day.
Yeah. That's great. No, that's seriously. That's nothing new. I've always said that.
Most callers have nothing to say and they call the suck the ass whoever they're talking. That's true.
And they make them feel like useful and though don't you think that I wouldn't you agree with me that well no when you come
right down no matter what is I'd rather disagree just to make it more interesting. Just to get the juices flowing as opposed to just sitting
around having a suck best I'm tired of suck best I told you that a long time ago. Too much suction in his town too much everybody
kissy kissy kissy each other's ass okay. I'm not going to come on here and say that Joseph Gackie is a great
talent because he was there at sunny's funeral there but I'm not going to say that.
Am I going to say that? Joseph Gackie sucks okay. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in adventurer hello. Hey how's it going now great. I just had a few comments actually.
Oh I think I'll take two or three hours be my guest. Thanks a lot I appreciate.
First of all happy that's over come out to you. Good y'all from the Pontiff.
I got a question about I appreciate your your knowledge about hockey. I don't really know much about the game but I enjoy watching it
and I'm trying to learn and I listen to show every day as I'm driving to work at all the day and appreciate all the things that you
take that's really helping me understand you know. I want to tell you I just want to tell you one thing this is mine not making the
sense of the game. I was thinking this I was at the game the other night. The.
Who we plan the other day. Jersey the Jersey and I'm sitting there I'm thinking of myself because I mean we really the last 10 minutes
and the overtime turn into a pretty exciting game and I'm thinking anybody who pretends to be a sports fan or who works on a
sports station like the people I'm surrounded with here who isn't really a dyed and a little hockey person.
They're assholes man. How can you be a sports fan and not love hockey. I don't know it is not much more exciting than all the other
sports put together. There's no comparison. It really is you know how can you compare football where they line up they run a
play then they go back to the huddle they hold hand and they go up 69 69 up your nose high again and then that's a
minute later they run another play. I mean there's more action in 30 seconds of a good hockey game than in the whole football game.
I really agree with you I think there's a good correlation like if you look at baseball baseball is a great sport because it
is a great moment it's so intense but hockey when you look at hockey I mean it has the same kind of intensity but instead of just taking a
picture in throwing it back to the picture and spending that time not watching and hanging out. Exactly you watch action all the
times and then you can stay in intensity because the same exciting thing happened when like a goal scores you know I think there's a good
correlation there but back to what I was going to ask about about Pavel Burray I heard you talking a few
minutes ago about how they were like messing them up sending them to some place that he wasn't getting proper treatment or whatever.
I would like yes. Cleveland Finic is that that's a problem with this. Well I mean I don't know but it just seems like a strange coincidence that the
Panthers all keep going there they're the official adopters of the team and they just can't seem to get anything right you know.
Yeah it's pretty funny. Dino would be back he had to go back up north to get his back checked out because he's out for the
season now it seems like all of our guys every time they get injured they're just maybe not getting the
kind of care that the auto beginning. Yeah I definitely agree with you it's creating some problems and they're having a pass too.
Another thing I want to say is I've been over to Europe a few times and the last time I was there this past summer I went to the Vatican and I walked in with a couple of
my friends and a couple of them got stuck out because they just had to close the doors and lock us in there because the
death of one of the bishops or something I don't know something happened with that I don't really know much about the religion.
Good. I have brought up in the Jewish state away from it stay away away from all of it. But it's it's so funny to look at these people dressed up in these costumes.
Yeah and their couplings are worth like a million five. That's right and then the rest of the society.
All the rest of the world. What's that all the sluppers come and give them their last pesos in all of the world.
Yeah it's amazing and I think to go I've been over to England and you see it's amazing how much money and how much time and effort is dumped into these people who are just born into a right.
That's right. Born in the time of the month. All these Germans posing as a bridge. Yeah well listen have a great day pal and Ray Whitney's God. Ray Whitney has appeared as somebody said.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 out of mobile line we've got 428 open lines waiting on you at no waiting instant except we got to do commercials of course because we're way past the break it's 11 past noon at Q.A.M.
Know that the Zord even loves Neil Rogers.
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their final persons better? Well I have the answer to your prayers.
From the makers of you think my martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy crucifixion.
Crucifixion is not just fun to play but it forces everyone to know their Bible and it's easy to play.
First someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it.
But be careful if you pick a wrong letter your little Jesus doll gets nailed.
And I'll pick a guess. How about a kid? Nope sorry Billy. I'm sorry Joseph.
After three nails and one spear to the chest everyone loses. But don't worry in three days you can play again.
So run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of crucifixion. Why not play tonight?
Comes with a small Jesus doll nails and a tiny spear a plug wouldn't for us and hammer not included.
Crucifixion, a product of Trinity Brothers.
Crucifixion is 5.50 W.2. I am still waiting. You know we're ever going to find out if that line E is working or not because we'll never get the first seven all filled up.
We'll never even come close to that. How are we going to see?
We'll still got a dial tone on it but it's hand that for three weeks that doesn't mean it's going to ring.
See we've got to get the other seven all lit we still got the 8500 of those not lit up.
So we'll never find out. And why are they doing that by the way during the show? Is there any special reason about for that or what?
That's the phone company. You know how they give you that window will be there between 7 a.m. and midnight.
Yeah. And I guess 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Denver. Hello.
Red wing suck. Yeah. That's just how we start most conversations in Colorado.
And I and I'm back in my hand and I got to say one more thing. Can you get this?
A sick guy off the air. You've got all these auto nation ads in Denver and it's too much.
How about if we just send him over there and you can handle him? How's that?
No, we don't want him. No way can go back to doing this.
Well, thanks for your great call. Sure. There's a call a mobile in Denver on his dime. He's spending the money to make that call to this guy.
I have anything to say. No, stay in Denver. Okay, pal? We'll send him a put quality. We'll wrap him up like a mummy and we'll send him to you in a big package.
Which would be the only big package you'll ever have. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Oh my God. Are they proving us right or what?
Yes, man. Here's the route. Hello.
Hey, Neil. It's the there's no five in the church guy. How you doing?
Okay, I got a new word for you for all these Cuban who use that call and you want to get rid of their call. You just say Arranca.
Which means take off. Feed it. Get the hell out and don't call us again. Okay, Arranca. 5 6 7 0 5 50. You don't know that word?
Yeah, but I'm just wondering if that was really him. If it was really who? The no fact. Of course not.
These most facts in the church. Oh, that's the guy that would be the one that went to Rome and he did it with St. Peter or somebody's Peter.
And that's the other guy. Who knows who this guy? You see, you're starting to try to make like a story here.
Just don't try to make any logic of it all. You just got through saying call these people up onto a dog meat or whatever.
Horse meat, Drek, whatever you said. You said it. I didn't. I love the colors. Don't I? No.
Here's a mobile pig reporting Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil Southbound on the turn bike right at 5.95. They're pointing at me.
And also there's I just came up Peter's row before I get out on the turn bike. Yeah.
And they were right up a guy riding his bike.
I'm sick. And I couldn't believe it. Riding a bicycle? A bicycle. Right. A bicycle speeder. Yeah. Something. You they they add them over there. They're right in the ticket.
Okay, thanks for the good news. Okay. There you go.
Ticketed in America. J walking. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
We got to get those first seven lines lit up even if you don't want to say anything so we can see if line eight works.
I realize everybody with a brain is out of town this week, but we got to get something going on here so we can do a phone check on here.
Okay. And you people can't get it up to do it. Just to light up the lines. Okay.
Just to see if we can make a line eight ring. Can you do that for us? I realize that we're really putting you out in the middle of your very very busy lives.
Is it possible after 600 years of sitting here slaving over a dead phone that we can get you to do that is don't answer.
I love them. Then they'll get pissed off just to see if the other ones flash if line A will roll over and ring because I know it won't.
We're waiting for four. We're waiting for six. Look at that.
Line line eight right before but why come four and six didn't ring. They might not be on the same truck.
Hello. Is there somebody on here? Is there actually nothing they didn't see now everybody else has to keep bringing it.
Hello. Neil. Are you on WQAM line eight? Yes. All right. Here's the first one.
Hey, they'll have a party. All right. God bless you, sir. Thank you, Neil. Thank you so much. Bye. See that. That was simple. There's a good guy. That's all we wanted. We're not going to tax you. I realize most of you got nothing to say. I understand that. I've met a lot of you. Okay. Believe me. I know.
But right there that was a great American right whoever the hell that was God bless you, sir. Thank God.
And also for the other people that were like did in the other lines to move that over there to get that thing working.
Man, oh man. The effort reminds me of Kirk Mueller. I've always said never has anybody made so much effort with so little result as Kirk Mueller the last two years.
And I think the same thing is happening right here. That was simple. Yeah. I got I got a quiver in my rectum just here in this tear that line work just seeing it light up.
And our buddy in there the other all while the phone or the phone on working right. I'm just making it up. Okay. Because I'm a miserable nasty bastard. Nobody's going to come to my funeral. I'll dance on my grave. Okay. Greg. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, sir. I know. Yeah. Great. I had to play this to go. What's the game the other night against the playlist. I was sitting right in the front of you about two rows down against two. I guess the playlist. Oh, Nashville. Yeah.
I'm not sure. Yes. We were game. Was it pretty weak? Yeah. Pretty boring. I think the two points. But it was pretty weak. Yeah. I was the kid. I thought I'm not really an expert on hockey. I played professionals.
I was a shocker for a long time. Oh, I'm sorry. Sorry. Yeah, I'll go ahead. Yeah. I really appreciate it. The game pretty much the first couple of periods. But the last year, last period was pretty much nothing.
Coleman inducing. I think you're trying to say. So I appreciate you knowledge on the hockey fair. And I'm looking to maybe a little bit to you all the time.
Yeah. Well, thank God that I'm in this counter. This would be a hockey vacuum here. Always have to be the BN and TN boys. Yeah. You're doing a great job. Yes, I am. Thank you, sir. Thank you so much.
I'm not in stay off the road when we got a hockey game going by the way. Don't clog up the goddamn arteries. Oh, shouldn't have said that.
Five six feet. That was a slip of the tongue. And now I feel bad that I said that. Don't clog up the highway, sir, when we're trying to get to our hockey games with your soccer stuff.
And send all those people from Brazil back where they came from and tell them to dress up like a man or whatever they are.
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
So the long time listener. I think your show is the best one here on Zeta with the bird. Yeah, that was great. We got to bring back the bird.
No, no, I think it's good. You need to a three five kicks. You know, like Howard has and another half a dozen people in here, right?
I mean, you're great, but but it's great to have a supporting cast. Yeah, that's right. I think I don't have to worry about stupid phone calls.
You sit here and you suck around like they do on a morning show on this station. You know, maybe that's why they're doing those big numbers on a morning show.
Well, look at the talent on the morning. I mean, that point. Yeah. If you bring maybe San Major in there. Yeah, there you go. I would do it. Yeah.
Or Joey Reynolds. Oh, that will definitely put us over the top. I bet you would get up to a one share with Joey.
You're great and but Howard's great too, but he has to have Robin. You know, and Fred and Jackie, right?
The show was great on Zeta. It was the best show that I ever heard.
Well, we were first of all, we're on FM. So we didn't have to go searching out for the audience. They were already there.
You know what I'm saying? When you're on AM, it's impossible. I mean, it's a miracle that we do what we do on an AM station.
And especially a station like this one that runs 80 minutes in spots an hour the rest of the day. It doesn't really care what kind of crap they put on a year.
How could a bus week town like Orlando have a 100th lot FM talk station? But but my make you you're on AM on a sports station.
Isn't that pathetic? Isn't that Dan? It is. If we were on FM, I could do double the number we're doing. We could do a 12 share easy.
You know, if Bob Green and all those people with with cops, if they were to put you on FM. Oh, yeah. That's all they had all the promises over there.
And all the rumors we were going to be on FM and we're going to do this. And then all guess what?
We just sold the station. You're going to work for Paxton and good luck because you'll need it. I mean, it was very nice. They really stuck it to us.
Boy, they abandoned us like a bunch of stepsheldren over there.
Dad, don't the can you imagine?
Well, the I don't stuck it to them. Baby, I showed them a thing or two. I'm making twice the money I was making over there. And they can stick it to the wound on shine.
But can you imagine you?
All the stickers they're running around behind our backs. You know, they take my family. Phil Henry's a great talent. He's a good guy.
But they take him to dinner that I'd be for and tell him what they're going to sell the station and they're going to do this.
And in the meantime, the rest of us, including me, which I'm supposed to have been the big shot over there, including me, my good friends Bob and Cheryl and everybody else over there.
Oh, we have to go in a little meeting the next day at a dingong school. So little two-foot tall Bob Neil can tell us, well, I got better things to do than this kind of stuff.
But we just sold it. We can't make any money. Maybe Paxton can make money with you losers. Goodbye. You know?
That's Bob and they cut us loose. That's right. That Ava Brian. They treated us like swill.
That bitch in that. I'm not sure what the last one was, but I think I know.
Amen, sir. God bless you.
You know who your friends are. See, it's not an active friend to keep you in the dark and you're the last one to know when you're lightly hooden your career on the line. That's not a friend.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on. Let's hear from some other people that don't go to funerals. Come on. Or maybe people that think I'm a bad guy because I don't go to funerals.
I don't believe and go into funerals. All right.
Huh? Okay. Okay. Oh, is it okay? Is it all right? Okay. Thank you.
I mean, there's pitch squates running around this place. Oh, gee, we're surprised Neil and George were there.
Oh, that makes me a bad guy. Okay. Cause I didn't go to sunny scunerals. See, I resent that. And I was especially resenting coming from people that work here that don't even know me.
That don't even know me, which I have it to be a hell of a guy, by the way.
Believe it or not, do they believe me? No, that's okay.
It's safe. If I any tell.
At 5, 6, 0, WQ, A, N.
Stand Major. Now a new start radio 610, WIOD. If you missed our last show, you missed this.
Well, then what the hell is your problem? Kane is in New York, fella. What do you want to do? I don't want Kane back.
I just told you that. Well, then who do you want? Who do you want? Do you want Alan Furlin?
I think you want Joey Reynolds? So what? Then what the hell do you want in the air? Science?
Is that all we have? What do you give me a name? What is that all we have?
Who do you want? Is that all we have? What kind of content do you want during 2 to 6?
I think here the next stand Major Show this afternoon at 2 on New York Radio 610, WIOD.
Or stand, by the way, stand.
Don't be 50 dollars.
1232 at 560 WQA. I feel sorry for him, you know, because he was boring.
Anybody buy an interesting watch lately? How about the Milky Way Dark?
How about a good Stokey stand? See a stand where he's still around in this place now. I mean God forbid.
He'd be good on that morning show, you know. Wouldn't jar people out of bed in the morning and they could be kind of like a ease out of it.
Maybe do it back and take a C.S. again.
Share some of our great Stokeys from Mix. He'd like that.
560, 560, 0560 on the mobile one. Our poll question is, we're line 8 light up again today.
No chance, no chance, baby.
Hey, it's Pesach, it's Easter, you know, you're peeing on their parade. They want to do all this tradition. They like it.
They get together with the family, they eat a bunch of stale crap. They have a...
What does Briskett have to do with Passover anyway?
Did the old Jews eat Briskett on the Pesach?
I don't think on Pesach.
Was Jesus eating it? Briskett is a Pesach thing, okay. You're not listening to our Lorenzo spots, mister. You better start paying attention.
Also, you got something against the Titans now too.
I thought they had to eat all that crappy stuff like the crackers and the bitter herbs.
Yeah.
That robs. And Briskett.
A Taskit at Taskit, let's go have some Briskett.
Or a Taskit at Taskit, I'm checking out somebody's basket.
However it goes.
Where are the Jews? Where are you Jews?
God damn it.
Every time some holiday lately comes up or anything like this, I ask on the year.
I mean, just because I make fun of the Orthodox Jews and what a bunch of barbarians there.
And how obnoxious. What's the big deal with that? You don't have to be Orthodox to celebrate Pesach.
What's the answer? What is Briskett got to do with Pesach? Okay.
What kind of things like Stan Major said? There must be one Jew in this audience.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, ma'am.
Behold, A Jew.
All right. There you go.
Oh, actually.
See everything I want. It's the women. I asked about Pavel Burialini calls in.
I asked about the holidays, about the Jewish stuff. A lady calls in.
These guys, they're from Hungary. They know nothing.
We worship you.
I should say I'm a lap's Jew.
You're a what? I'm a lap's LA.
LAPSED? Thank you.
Oh! That's the best kind.
Yes. I only Jewish when I hear an anti-Semitic joke.
Right. That's right. Very, very good. I like that.
Actually, I have a couple of things to talk about.
I'm going to gay when I hear somebody say something homophobic.
Really?
No. Good anyway.
You were talking about funerals a minute ago.
The last funeral I went to was my late sister-in-law.
And I remember being in the church and sitting there listening to these glorious eulogies
and the mother of the woman who passed away leaned over and said,
who are they talking about?
Isn't that the way it all is?
Yeah, exactly. I didn't recognize what it is.
She was wonderful to everybody else that her family was turning out saying,
what is the world?
Right.
The other thing is, have you ever heard of these that Atkins, Diod,
and the bandage bars?
No.
Oh, yes. Oh, God.
Somebody believe me.
Oh.
That's not bad.
They're bad.
They're bad.
And you know, how many carbohydrates are in those bottles?
Oh, hold on. I'm looking at it right now.
Oh, that's not bad.
Not bad.
So slow in carbs, but it tastes like crap.
Well, sometimes you just don't want cheese.
You know, sometimes you just don't want cheese and bacon or something.
I tell you one thing.
Cheese clogs up your liver.
I think that's my problem.
I'm eating too much cheese.
I've got to cut this.
Thanks, sir.
I'm serious.
The cheese is bad for your liver.
And it makes it harder for you to lose weight when your liver gets clogged up.
I actually have a thing that I'm really excited about is I'm going to the day county fair tonight.
I went last week, but we're going back because we realized there's probably still some food left.
But we're going to see the teen idols show.
Has anybody told you about this?
No, of course not.
They don't tell me about anything.
Oh, this is great.
You know, they have people.
They have an oldies show every year.
One year they have a mom and a poppin.
Right.
And this year they have Peter Noon, Bobby Sherman and are you ready, baby Jones?
Oh, wow.
And I saw that.
Bobby Sherman.
You know, he's a, I mean, he's a, um, some kind of a cop in the L.A.
No.
I guess we'll find out.
But I wanted that he is.
And he is.
And that VH1 thing they had on last week, he was on there.
Really?
We're in his outfit.
That's scary.
Yeah.
Maybe just part of the village people.
When you went in the, when you went in the Bobby Sherman, tell her to put you up a little.
Well, I thought I would get real close to baby Jones.
I'm surprised that those people are at the fair and not the performing at Gulf Stream.
That's right.
Highly is open now.
I forgot.
If Gulf Stream are still open, they'll be performing at Gulf Stream.
Yeah.
What is, you know, what is this pumping air into these guys and bringing them back at all these oldies concerts?
This is kind of scary.
Got to make a living.
Everybody's got to make a few bucks.
You know, especially, David Jones, he's been through bankruptcy 200 times.
I'm going to see how, if he really looks as bad in person as he does in pictures.
Yes.
I'm sure he does.
I'm sure he won't be disappointed.
I'm wondering.
Have a good time, sweetheart.
Yeah.
Thank you so much.
Did she tell us about the brisket, by the way?
No.
I forgot to ask.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 in the mobile one line.
We're looking for Jews.
What?
Have we got a Jew on five?
Here's a Jew.
Hello.
Oh, not this, Jew.
Oh, no, not so Jewish as they ever counted.
This is what I got.
I got no audience.
I'm looking for a Jew.
I'm going to have you play the hockey game.
When are you going to come out of the stone age?
I haven't seen you since the hockey game, Brittany.
When you go to stop laying to fill in and acted like some barbarians.
I've been related for many years ago.
And later this morning.
I'm going to risk it for the brisket now.
You couldn't get laid in the horror house, okay, David?
I don't want to.
Good.
What do you need to know about the, or what is a brisket?
I have to do the horror.
I mean, what for, man?
I have nothing to do with it.
The only thing a brisket has to do with it is that when you get together for a festive meal,
generally there's a brisket, but being a veggie, I'm not eating that stuff.
I'll just eat the canadal soup.
Oh, I like canadals.
So would you like some?
No, of course not.
It's all carbohydrates.
And you're not going to start here again.
I'm trying to amount my best behavior.
I'm doing great.
I'm not going to cut it.
I'm not going to cut it.
And you're trying to kill me with your two hands.
I always make the best canadals.
That's part of the Jewishness is that being fat.
It's true.
But it's poor Sonny Hershey's dead because he was Jewish and he was fat.
We love this deli too much.
Yep, we say it's right.
To Sonny we say burr, dianamis.
Right.
I don't want to know.
All right, the stock being so Jewish.
Can't you be a little less Jewish?
What is so Jewish?
I was at the hockey team.
Oh, you're the most Jewish person that was ever born.
Is that so Jewish to be at the hockey team?
You're Jewish to an Abraham.
Huh?
Yes.
I guess the least no less.
Yeah.
Anyway.
No wonder we lost.
Anyway, what are you doing for the satyr?
I'm not.
What are I doing for the satyr?
I'm going to eat trac.
I'm going to have a pork roast.
You know, we're going to walk out of it.
You know, I'm going to walk out of it.
I'm going to have a big, without a bun.
A big cheeseburger.
Okay.
And I'm going to be thinking about you.
What?
And you're going to wrap a strap around my arm so tight
that it cuts out the circulation.
I'm going to show you Maru.
And I'm going to have a loi, hamburger, rock.
In fact, you're getting an obvious good dash
because I'm eating all this crap.
And it's killing me over here.
You're not letting me get a word in it, right?
Oh, yeah.
Claus, get you to me over here.
You know how to do the burr, who I'm going to be reading
from the Torah on Thursday.
You're welcome to get an aliyah.
No thanks.
You're welcome.
No thanks.
In fact, al-Kaso, as they say in Tauha,
the text is El Paso.
Exactly.
And they say Kushmur in Tauha.
Something like that.
I rhyme.
Kushmur in Tauha is very good.
I'll be here.
If I see this.
Yeah, okay.
Anyway.
Oh, you're so too, David.
Please, I'm so embarrassed.
I was asking George if you wanted to show him out.
I was going to take over for Halbert and Sparrow.
You got it.
I was going to take over.
Have you heard from him lately?
Oh, Dave Halbert.
In fact, in fact, nobody wrote a nice letter
about Sony in the paper, though, over the weekend.
In fact, he was in a show a couple months ago.
I'll be sure to read it.
He was.
He also sent us over some food I couldn't eat, by the way.
Stop doing it, Dave.
Send it to Michael Mayo.
Come in.
We love Dave.
We love him when he comes to show off.
He's a good guy.
I Dave lays straps right along with me.
He lays one.
Lays the straps on.
He gets laid right along with me.
Yeah, yeah.
The straps are around Thomas Jeff Cohen's in there working on it, too.
Oh, he's a good guy.
Okay, David.
We love you.
Zygazone.
I pray that you can pace up to you and to mommy.
And back to you.
Bye.
Good y'all to get out of here.
Crazy Jew.
See that?
That's what I'm left with.
I got no audience.
I got here your accountant.
That's the only Jew I got.
And basically he says, brisket don't got nothing with anywhere.
But what's not to like?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one on another.
The pressing day at the office, baby.
In fact, my breastbone started hurting.
And also, sitting on the floor here, I realized.
Just notice that.
You know what I see there?
Sit up in the chair.
Sit up straight like a man.
Okay, at least put on a good act.
Mr. Goldberg, the Canada you cute bastard.
And now we see the president getting ready to deliver his address.
He's in the oval office with the gold drapes behind him.
And he is preparing to address the American people.
Put it to the music place.
My fellow Americans, I'll have deployed our forces, the put up of five.
In a place called Kosovo outside of Albania, where all the mess and don't use gold.
Right there in Kosovo, we're gonna blow away.
Serbian Muslims in the KLA.
Slop open a pile of sovig.
It's mad because his nickname is Slom.
Later, a Kosovo freak out in Polketsk, Dekady, Anglago, Hack, Romania, Bulgaria,
Croatia, Herzogonia, Serbia, Kristina, Adriaticia, Kosovo.
That's where I told NATO to point our planes at Go.
And I'll make Belgrade in Surrey, Rome.
And you go Maltenegro.
And thank God bless America.
46 and 560 WQM.
You know, they showed Klip Klinemosignano the day
about most Americans didn't know where Kosovo was on a map before all the start.
You think they know now?
No.
No, of course not.
What?
I mean, most of us spent a lot of time in Yugoslavia.
560, 560, and pound five.
And why is it...
This is a bad taste.
Why is it that the slabs are such ugly people?
I shouldn't say that.
You know, with the Kosovours, they're getting their homes burned and slaughtered.
I mean, you know, even ugly people, we deserve a break.
But have you ever noticed that the Slavian people are really...
Slavian people.
Right, exactly.
Although, not as big of a slab as around here.
560, 560, we want line 8 ringing a lot today.
Is it going to happen?
No.
But your sweet ass, it's not.
And how does that do that independently?
In other words, these lines don't roll away.
We're never going to know the end.
Meaning what?
One doesn't go to two to three.
Why not?
Because what you'd always thought that would be more...
For this room, apparently, it was just a mix and math.
For this room?
You know, they have to go in the room in some order.
There's a big like a pegboard or something like that.
A big switchboard.
Yeah.
That they wire up.
Have you ever seen it?
It dumpsters.
No, I have not, but I think the phone man stuck it in his...
Breck them.
...what he did to us or maybe in ours.
We don't know which ones are the date ones or the browser ones.
Right.
And they don't roll over, which is the way they're supposed to work.
They roll one time.
Nice going, phone man.
Bell South sucks the big one.
Okay, they blow.
Not as much as Greg Reed, but they bite the big one.
Here's Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
Hello, Uncle Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
I read that thing with Sunny Hurts.
There was real nice on the Miami-Heroes.
It was a nice piece, yes.
Yes, it was.
I'm also from Australia.
I've been here for over 20 years.
Can you believe that?
No, not really.
In South Dave.
What a bad mistake.
Very big mistake.
And...
Breck them.
Cutler Ridge.
Yeah, I know.
I can't believe I'm still here.
I can't believe I'm alive.
I can't believe I said I don't speak Spanish.
Can you believe that one?
No.
Yeah, I work at a dinner dog.
George don't believe it either.
No?
No.
Do I have an accent?
No.
I don't know.
I thought not.
Well, first time called a long time, mister.
Doing good.
And says, to my regards to Broadway.
To Broadway.
Okay, thank God bless you.
5670560, Pond 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, you are so Jewish.
And the way you come across.
I'm Jewish.
Neil, when you?
Not me.
Your interaction with your accountant.
It's not my accountant.
It's George's accountant.
I would not let that guy anywhere near my book.
Why don't you?
George knows where to go for an accountant.
That's for sure.
George knows where to go.
But I'll tell you that.
It's for the person.
That interaction was so typically Jewish and your wood comes out.
So you?
I'm typically Jewish.
Well, the person that Jewish calls you.
Yeah.
It almost enhances and makes you stronger.
Well, I'm going to tell you, as a matter of fact, as you mentioned that I guarantee I'm a lot more Jewish than these religious Jews.
And including his account.
And that's true.
I'm more Jewish than hell ever be.
Okay.
I know what it means to be Jewish.
I guarantee I've had a lot more good deli in my life than David the accountant will ever have.
I've had better Kiske than hell ever know.
In fact, just hearing from him, here's my Kiske's out.
He's like my mother-in-law, Neil.
Right.
She's the same.
See, I don't believe that Judaism is a religion.
It's a way of life.
I'm all for that.
I think the Jewish people are in the religious bull crap.
I like the Orthodox, the crazy people.
And the people with the beanie baby kids.
I mean, those people need mental help.
Okay.
But Judaism from like a culinary, like good delicatessen,
like a good brisket, like great the Kiske.
Now you're talking my language.
Neil, I'll tell you.
I love brisket and the Kiske on the side.
When you mix a little bit of both, when you mix what you believe is what it is.
And you mix a little bit of the history and a little bit of the...
The history of what?
The history of the people.
The history of the people.
The history of people that keep getting killed because they want to accept the Savior.
That's exactly what I'm pretty soon.
You've got to get the message.
You know, get with the program.
So we Jesus.
But when you mix a little bit of it together,
I think that's when you get the best of both worlds.
There you go.
Hey, take it easy Neil.
And my name is Donna Halala Hazel.
You see, I told you.
There you go.
I'll read it here.
Shalom.
How's the voice?
5,6,7,0,5.
Like I told you, there's too many gleam in this town.
We look for Jews out there.
This guy's married to a Jew.
Then we got the one Jew who's David the accountant.
Boy, I mean, you know you're losing.
When that's the only Jew you can dream up on.
A 4.5 million people in this town.
I guess the Jews all got out of town for the holidays.
Right?
Yes.
5,6,7,0,5,60.
I'm actually going to question like brisket.
Does brisket have something to do with pace off?
No.
Not necessarily.
It's just always good to have a good brisket.
And I agree with that.
Especially if it's got like, you know, real juicy.
Oh man.
Nothing like a good brisket.
Here's a pig report and four lotter nail.
Hello?
Neil, God.
Yes sir.
Remember, yeah, right.
Big report, 5.95, West Palm, Flamingo Road.
They got them hiding in the grass.
And that was just absolutely outrageous with the cost of boy.
I loved it.
Okay.
Okay.
See you.
God bless you sir.
Thank you.
They're out there today, baby.
The 30th of the month.
It's almost the last day of the month.
So they're out there.
I guess they must be a little short on our quotas this month.
So they're out there right and pointing in there.
We need all the pig reports we can get to protect the innocent
from getting their all these stupid tickets.
And from getting the hassle to points on their license.
And all the other crap that goes along with it.
Tom, where you can't even walk outside,
three in the afternoon without fear of getting the scrap blown away.
And they're worried about writing tickets.
That's all they do here.
More and more tickets.
Hassela public.
Hassela public.
The pleasure police.
The ticket police.
And then we got the bicycle police that guy reported about earlier.
There you go.
5.670560.
Palm 5.60 on the mobile one.
Seriously, the more, you know, I think it's hanging this chair.
Is what's killing my kishki?
You know what?
I do.
This chair is killing me.
That's why it's only been since I've been in this room.
And we adjusted the chair.
So I wasn't sitting with my breathbone.
This is what's killing my kishkis.
Oh my god.
I sat down here this morning feeling pretty good.
Now I realize I'm sitting in a hole.
And as we saw, all my big bulges of fat are like,
you know what I'm saying?
They're like pushing down on my liver and my spleen.
And where my gallbladder used to be.
And even on my back home.
I mean, all my parts.
It's a major miracle that any of these things are working out.
All of these things are under pressure from the position of this goddamn chair.
Maybe if I raised it way up in the air, huh?
Or something.
You could rock it back just like I did.
No, see this goes back to the fact again that they built this counter to goddamn high.
I feel like a little kid sitting on a high chair.
I was told that the one downstairs was actually too low.
No, it was not.
Who ever wanted to enter that?
Did I ever complain about that?
No.
No.
Was either one that was using it?
Yes.
Both were ordered.
So who the hell are they to say it was too low?
It was perfect.
Standard height.
And they just came out and it had an inch difference.
It was like the three bears.
Okay, it wasn't too hot.
It wasn't too cool.
It was just right.
Wasn't that the porridge?
Something like that and the story of the three bears.
Which makes it about as much sense as all these Easter and Pace-Off stories.
Bubble my seas.
Here's a mobile and Delray beach.
Hello?
Mobile and Delray.
What was that?
What was that sound?
Like that.
Do you just...
Okay, well get it out of here quick.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Dr. Mark again.
I'm sitting here in my kit.
You know something you need to help me survive, Mr.
No, actually, you know, I'm telling you I got pains.
I got liver.
I got both sides.
Right sides.
Now what do you keep saying no, no, no, no?
Because you just did the smartest thing in the whole world.
You figured it out for yourself.
Yeah.
The current of the century,
Adler said,
if you listen to the patient long enough,
he'll give you the diagnosis.
See when I stand up, these things feel fine.
You know what I'm saying?
I release the pressure.
When I'm sitting down,
it's killing my in my squeezing my organs together.
Right now I'm standing up.
I feel fine.
It makes perfect sense.
It's so common sense who would have thought of it.
Only me.
I'm not sure if I wouldn't get an answer from a doctor.
Oh, excuse me.
No, you aren't.
I mean, my answer is I'm glad you found it.
Yeah.
It's been nine times that I've had 10 people finding the security things out for themselves.
And however, however,
I don't want to get back because the audience hates these calls.
But like I read in the PDR last night that the hydrochlorothiais
said,
one of the side effects is stomach discomfort and stomach pain, etc. and so on.
Any talking cause any side effect that I'm not being glorified saying that,
the fact is that any gut effect, any head effect, any skin effect,
and that still liver and kidneys that can happen.
But you know, that's not what's happening.
You just saw the problem you saw.
I got back pains, which of course,
right away you start thinking,
kidney, I got pains on the side and I add my,
I kiss you.
You know what that is?
One of the ironic things, that $2,000 chair you've got,
that's so famous and you just figured out that it's just that of alignment.
Well, you know what?
It's because I got it sitting in the wrong spot here because this counter is a little too high.
But the image of you was a little kid sitting at the table like it.
If you're, you're feeding badly.
That's what I knew as a spoon here so these people won't call.
I can bang the spoon on the guy, then kind of like a little child.
That's what I mean.
Somebody send him a big spoon.
So what did you say yesterday when you called here?
You know, we were, George and I scratching our heads trying to figure out what you said about those tests,
about the protein and all that.
What did you say to me?
What did you say to me?
You really want to do this on your ear?
Because you told me we hit the pipe somebody while we were,
I told you what, tell me what that's all about.
That elevated protein.
I'm deeply concerned about that.
No, don't be deeply concerned.
I'm tremendously concerned.
Don't be.
Don't be.
I'm neurotic about it.
Well, that's, no, you can leave out the up to out it.
I mean, that's right.
I agree.
I'm neurotic.
I work here.
What I was concerned about is that you weren't working on some men in your age group,
and you'd be early, and have certain kinds of early what we can call them leukemic processes.
They're not malignant, but they make proteins that can cause rashes and changes in your circulation.
And that sort of thing.
Oh, hey.
Yeah.
I thought I was looking for you did not have that.
Yeah.
If we recheck that protein in six weeks, it'll probably be normal.
Right.
And what about that globulon that was like 1.2 high?
It'll probably be normal.
It'll probably be normal.
It'll, I bet it won't even be there in six weeks.
Yeah.
I'm not going to wait six weeks.
I'm going to do it in a couple of weeks.
Okay.
Whenever you say, we're at your back in coals.
Because I want to see that this HCT cutting your way down to like almost nothing is, you know, my sugar is great.
And by the way, I don't know if you heard what I said before, I look with amazement in the PDR,
and another one of the side effects of taking that drug is elevated LDL, which mine was 158,
which has almost never been that high, and elevated lower the chloride.
Usually, well, that's...
Yeah, so a lot of the results of that last test that we did was because of taking that drug,
and especially 50 milligrams, which is way too much.
Correct. And you're absolutely correct. In fact, that drug's been around for 40 years.
It's very safe, it's very effective. Most people have no problem with it,
but you're pointing out something that took a long time discovering.
People think that if you decrease hypertension, if you improve blood pressure,
that naturally mortality would improve, but in other words, you'd live longer for me not having heart attacks and strokes and stuff.
And they could never figure out why that didn't work until they discovered LDL about 25 years ago,
and it turns out it does slightly elevate LDL.
But you really have to degree this pose to have dramatic changes.
And all of a sudden, you're about five seconds.
Oh, and also increases cholesterol, total cholesterol, too much.
We're going to need more degrees, though, very much more degree.
Again, we could check it again on any given day and have a 20% variation just due to the laboratory.
Yeah.
Aren't we being educational?
Yeah.
Hey, like I said before, you know, it's something to be learned from all of these things.
Like my good friend, Sonny Heherst, that they buried yesterday.
He was a fat, you know, he was a great guy, but he was fat.
He had clot arteries. He died of coronary artery disease,
and it's a damn shame because the guy was like only 55.
He should live to be 100.
He could have died.
He was a good guy.
I don't happen to think you're much too ordinary to die young, though.
That's for sure.
Okay, Mark.
Okay, love, bye.
Thanks.
Neil continues to say, you know, Neil and his doctors on here.
I'm not going back to that Cleveland clinic.
I don't care what that rumor says.
Okay, he's been brainwashed.
Thanks for dinner again, remember?
You should've seen the moss that's the water that wallet when you open them.
Oh, my God.
You too, man.
My happy, most modern day.
It's the one to do our...
...
Robin Williams is, Pat Jaddon's, the doctor who uses humor as medicine.
What's the news on our little boy?
Well, Mr. Mrs. Smith,
your son has rectal colon cancer, and he's going to be dead soon.
Oh, God, oh, God, no.
Hey, pull my finger, would you?
What?
No, pull my finger.
Hey!
Come on, pull it.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
Whoa!
How about he's medicine?
Manu, manu.
Pat Jaddon's, the doctor with labs.
You've got AIDS.
Whoa!
Yeah, that one.
Yeah.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Okay, four minutes after what, there's no connection between the effects I played that.
We just spoke to Dr. Mark.
He's got a good sense of humor for an attendant.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
So I've been adjusting this chair, and I think he's right.
I think I hit upon it.
I'm the one that gets all these things straightened out.
How about that damn hydrochlorous nut?
And again, that goes back.
I don't want to say the Cleveland Clinic, but I will.
Because that's why I got hooked with too much of that stuff.
And I'm pretty porked off about it.
I've had, took it for a month and a half.
A month and a half, and I'm taking like way more.
Like I said, I don't really need, is neurotic as I am about keeping my blood pressure down.
I don't need to have a blood pressure of 78 over 52.
Okay.
That's just a little bit low, even for a fat old slide like me.
Okay.
I don't need it quite so low.
Dr. Pasko-Niak.
Yeah.
And we wonder why we can't get Palm Elbary straightened out over there.
And Dino and Gord Murphy.
And anybody else who plays on that team?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
Call him in to say first time, long time.
All right.
And Levin, you're listening to your show.
My touch off about what the schmuck said about.
Maybe you need some help in there to help bring up your ratings.
You're doing great.
No, no, he was being, he was just kidding.
He was just making a kind of Howard.
Have an 85 people there to help him do the show.
I mean, Howard's making millions and he's a superstar because he's got the height machine beyond him.
And more power to him.
But I walk alone here, you know.
Yeah.
No, no, no, you're doing great.
I'm going to be doing 10 bananas in here helping me do a show.
So there's a one apple.
Right.
I'd like to have a good banana, be honest with you.
Okay, no, we can't.
Pop-o's got some spirit time.
Yes.
You ever get out to an end?
In fact to you.
So you see how they ran as soon as I say that?
He's a good guy.
But as soon as I mention that, he ran.
I wasn't talking about yours, sir.
Send a picture.
Five, six.
Well, you're laughing about what are they also uptight about?
Christ, it's just a radio show.
It's a radio show.
It's a silly world, okay, with a lot of crazy people doing crazy things.
Just do the best to avoid all of that.
That's all.
Do the best you can.
Just avoid all of these things.
Just remember I told you that's the best advice I ever gave you.
I saw Line 8 ring there with probably a line checker or a crank.
Huh?
There you go.
But now that's okay, but doesn't it make you feel so much better?
Knowing, I mean, now that we're so flooded with call.
Huh?
Just what we needed was more.
We didn't need the phones to work.
We needed extra lines.
That's what we need on this show.
Extra lines.
Yeah.
Like we need him or it.
So what I did with my chair here since it is a great recliner, adjustable, et cetera.
I've like, it's up as far as it'll go.
And I'm sitting way up in here.
So at least, because I have bad posture.
And you know something when you got bad posture, it puts pressure on your organs.
And I'm sitting here squashing my organ every day.
And there's nothing worse than a squashed organ.
I'll tell you that.
Sitting here, and it's only since I've been in this room.
Because I never talked about any of this during all these three months of being with a rash and with a neck.
And I'm going today by the way to my good doctor, Gary.
Why?
Yeah, I get it in there might as well.
Dr. Gary.
Why?
And get my mouth guard fitted in there.
I feel just like Ray Whitney.
And almost as lovely.
And then I won't be grinding my teeth at night.
I won't have the sword jaw and a neck.
And I'm going to start making a little road to recovery here.
Okay? And spite of the people who want to kill me with their kindness.
With their goddamn smarties and their fish food and all this other crap.
God, is it take stupid people to keep doing stuff like that?
Stop doing it.
If you want to do it to yourself, be my guest.
It's a free country.
Stop killing me with your kindness with all your goddamn food.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I'm from New York.
I was just scanning the channels.
Yes, sir.
I heard your comments.
I'm Jewish.
I'm Orthodox.
I would have sent this to the police.
You're highly offended.
Why?
That's the truth.
That's the truth, not quite the truth.
And if what you had said you had said against about African-Americans
would be out of a job.
No, I would not.
Yes, you would.
What if that African-American,
if there is no such thing as African-American,
do you mean much farcasters?
Is that what you're talking about?
No, I'm not talking to you.
I'm talking about African-Americans or any other minor.
Are you talking about farcasters?
No, they're not trans.
They're just the colors.
Yes.
So African-Americans aren't smarts?
They are.
Yes, but not necessarily for a fact that you're trying to make it happen.
What do you bring into poor black people in it?
What do they got to do with the Simhastore and Paisa?
What do they got to do with this, my Orthodox friend?
If religion is food to you, then you also know what religion is.
Religion is ridiculous.
Religion is the root of all evil.
Just like Gratio Marx said,
it's the root of all evil.
All killing, all intolerance, all hatred, all superstition,
all these old buglemicies wrapping your arms up in that defillant.
I do not do that, do you sir?
You do not do that.
Every last one.
Oh my God.
You're laying it to fill in?
That's right.
Oh Jesus.
God, why do you do that?
Even the New York Times knew that was bad for circulation.
Even the New York Times.
The New York Times is the answer to everything, right?
Of course not.
The New York Times has run by a bunch of fascist right wingers
from pretend to be liberals.
That's right.
Like that AM Rosenthal.
There's one to pick up.
Okay, I have a great day.
It's going to see that was an act of God.
Oh God.
Let's crack this phone out.
You're highly offended.
Go back to New York, okay?
Castle Hoist.
Go back to New York and pick on those people in Brooklyn
that aren't as firm as you are, okay?
Go through a rocks at their house
because they don't want to wrap those things around their arms.
Oh my God.
That's our poll question today.
Who's crazier?
The super Orthodox Jews or the Barbissina right wing goyam?
That's our poll question.
Well, that's a tough one.
Niff and tuck.
56670560, 0560, under 18T wireless lines.
Yeah, they say the Bob Grant Show, okay, sir?
I hate to break the news to you.
They say the Bob Grant Show.
Our smarts is down here.
They got a good sense of humor.
They're not all uptight.
I don't you go back to New York, you want bastard?
My religion better than your religion.
My religion better than your heart.
Why believe so much required to avoid a length of fire?
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
You've turned my religion as a date.
Military and racial date.
My religion better than yours.
I use a different standard than yours.
I use a different standard than yours.
What we liked about it best, thank horrible and should wear the dress.
My religion better than yours.
But, religion better than yours.
What opinion is this, what are better than yours?
I just think about it.
We have no rejects, or religiousenk...
... resolve a tent to make a living fine-hearted religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
You can't distinguish a religion...
My religion is better than yours.
You fahar for us, movie ghosts.
We slaughter, take them, don't indulge.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
Yes, we were demons and we killed each other.
I don't care if you kill my religion is better than yours.
Please.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We now outdoors to bother you.
Like polar flusciously, we are news.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We were tired of white our bikes and gets repair.
Lots of wives, my religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We're fine.
We don't want to use our brain for fine with having confidence.
We're fine.
It's 115 to 560 W.
You can't wait to have a New Yorker in our midst.
Ties if we need another one.
Go back where you came from, pal.
Okay, we got enough of your kind here already.
Enough crazy, super-orthodox, super-religious.
We got to have a David the Accountant, that's the one.
That's all we need.
But unfortunately, especially over there on the beach,
we still got all those old crazy people wearing all the heavy clothing
and the big hats and their tollas and their tits and whatever else they were wearing.
We slept around it, it's 100% of the reason they're shaved.
They smell like they just crawl out of a dumpster with the beesleys
and they're wrapping their arms up and into fill in
and they're cutting off the circulation and they're going,
oh, you're like those crazy people in Asia that slide to light themselves with a chain.
They're rubbing themselves with it, they're rubbing it.
Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello.
Hey, Neil, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I love those phone calls that start out with the pre-ambulance says,
I'm from New York and I just happen to find you on the dial.
I was just flipping it, yeah, and the dial too.
Hey, on the...
Oh, I forgot to tell them, Coxelhoist, but anyway.
On the generals.
Yeah.
I did not attend either one of my parents' generals.
Really?
Yeah, because I had plenty of good and bad members of them
from when I was...
from when they were alive and the last thing I would remember
is seeing them dead in a box, you know?
Yeah, that's a good point.
And what's the point?
Now that you mentioned that, I think if I'm around,
I will not go to my mother's funeral.
I think you just talked me into that.
And I'm talking to people who find that very offensive.
I mean, what's the point?
I mean, you know, I go there like tomorrow, I'm going there for lunch.
You know, when she's alive, I go see her.
Well, what's the point?
I go and see her in her box.
Yeah, enjoy her while you can.
There are things about the religion of schools.
Yeah.
If I want my kids to learn religion of school,
I'll go get one of those...
What does that think?
Now, just give it away for people who want to send their kids.
You get a voucher.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I'll go get a voucher.
Let them go to campus school.
Right, go to the Catholic school and get them arrested.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
All right, I'm out of material, man.
Okay, pal, I'm a great thing.
Thank God bless you.
Yeah, there's a couple of good lines here in this heralded tutorial.
Yeah, even when a herald is right, I tell it like it is.
It says, why do people take offense at inspirational messages delivered at public gatherings in public places?
And why, especially in public schools?
The answer is simple.
Attending school is compulsory and no parents, especially people of faith, want their children proclatized.
Right.
So let's see if Governor Jeffster, as it says here in the last paragraph,
lives up to his pledge to not try to push this through, which I wouldn't hold my breath with his school vouchers
and every other attempt to turn this into a Christian state.
On, be the leave one out, very believable.
Because that's what it's all about.
That's what the right wings all about in tolerant assholes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
Intium in the fourth ی epitome problem, my first reason is... Art Laughter butt pain, my second is above 10 ears... Art Laughs butt pain, my third lizard butt pain winning away... Empty, tube-toof priests... Art Laughter butt pain,my third is a
the attendance again i mean it kills me
it kills me to think normal pasta for a long time i love pasta i grew up
eating pasta i think i got fat eating pasta
i'm talking about big big gigantic keeping balls of pasta with meatballs with
sausage with sliced up hot dogs in the sauce i mean i created more different ways
to enjoy big big fattening balls of pasta
killer
here's a mobile invoker hello
you know yes sir
you know how you doing first time a long time yes sir
uh... twenty five year old circumcised will you all right
already really well well
hey you know i'm going to have some
you know recommendation right you'll love it
i will i
of course i'll give me that's okay i don't do it again
sorry about that
places to horse around i never seen no horses and ants to them
no man you know i'm a guy who looks at the
what about the red light that was in the me please
yes when you go anywhere near the red light district
uh... that's all you need to do is walk out there on the streets you'll see
all these amazing places and you'll just have the time of your life you don't
need any directions believe me trust me
how about hotels you recommend anything
uh... well i mean when you go on
ongoing uh... the end of April
at the end of April
at the beginning of the end of April
well it's a little bit uh... late to be thinking about hotels now because it's
gonna see a queen's date will twenty nine to thirty at the point of it is
it's gonna be harder in how they get a hotel
yeah no and a two of season stuff like that is all right
gonna be hard
in hotel too
yeah exactly but be sure and book something before you go you're gonna be
a slip in the uh... bustation and the uh...
we're booking now we're booking now and no i'm
i thought you actually had that at the turnout that um...
at the uh...
the banger is an aventura right
i was the uh... got it
and listen to you ever since university my medias yes sir
you have to get a big job there not there now
well first of all the store i mean with all respect to my friend of the
stores is a size of a broom closet number one
and number two it's impossible to park and enjoy it i mean uh... took me like
ten minutes to figure out what to do in there
well thanks for the advice you know okay but we have a good one
let me know see on the dam rack
this is their all going to honest it on now we're talking
i have a place where they know what freedoms all about
we don't have a bunch of far business not running around
tell us what to think how to do and tell us what to say
that guy from new york you got a lot of people and i'll tell you that
coming down here
call up a radio show and tell me what i if you're offended you know something
i feel i accomplished something today
what to be offended
i'm offended by your behavior how do you like that
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the
eighteen t wireless line
here's my any hello
yes sir
uh... couple things i feel so much better sitting up in his chair now it's a
miracle
as i've got to be for some higher
well uh... i just want to let you know i'm halfway through farewell to god
right one of the best books i've ever read
just say no
that's right just like nancy rigginson just say no to god
uh... uh... the other thing is i'd like to complain real quick about the
about the arrogance of the lawyers and the legal profession yes i had to get
a traffic court two weeks ago for a minor traffic accident
and i get there's a bunch of people in the courtroom there's about fifteen
lawyers or so you know
well for some reason when court starts the lawyers get to go first one right
after the other appear in front of the judge and beyond their merry way
and then they get to the little people like me
you know that are in the back are you a little people all you know i'm speaking
sarcastically but i finally get up to see the judge the cop isn't there
and usually when the cops not there they dismiss
will see how to meet
all of the issue of continuance which i immediately equate with me being
there for another hour
on another day getting off work that kind of things are asked the judge i said
why is it that all these lawyers get to go first you know i'd love to be in an
out of here in ten minutes like them
she goes well maybe you ought to go to law school
i said what do you know what do you know what do you know what do you know what
they're better than i am i mean what's going on there times more important
the mind
and that's what you try to try
what about a spipe something because you're on a all explain it to him you
know he's got to run a r-men escorts me out and then try to tell me how
oh you know these lawyers have other cases that they have to get to during the
day yeah
we do but i don't have a lot of the
but like yeah
yeah you know they're getting paid to be there i'm losing money by being
there this case and they're trying to tell me that they
you know they've got
pressing concerns later in the day like
you're forgetting that's the american
you know
got
bless you so good
really
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the uh... eighteen t
wireless line we got forty two hundred open lines for these last thirty five
minutes
and for the two he's in the studio today which is a reality
uh... six o'clock we got big fan book shambi
i'm sorry you're gonna die sweet heart lose some weight book
we're trying we're pulling desperately we're gonna try to embarrass you
into it we're gonna lock you up in a broom closet and throw bones under the
uh... uh... door
some white book he'll be here six to ten
and i can't believe you're a ten you can bet on it
at the teeth
dammit i'd kick my own ass outside
all these but have gotten white
marion
her great-grandfather
or the three totally fried
happy days
gone away
the crappy days are here
how do you know
if we know
uh...
they've got
and they've got
and they've got
and he's had it a double chin
jolly and cha-chi got a divorce
and they've no looks like a four
so many not-one they just break
there is a fox finger
each
who's the shielded sweet
happy days
have gone away
the crappy days are here
they've got no
and we come up
happy days they've got no
and say you do
happy days they've got no
their happy days are gone
their year
crappy days
uh... i heard a commercial on your station
yesterday about one o'clock in the afternoon
something about uh...
a voice would uh... speak out
if someone approaches your
automobile
a voice of a big black something
rather would come out
and say get away from my automobile
or you're too close to my automobile
you big mf
i object seriously
to
profanity like that
on on the radio
and i i object
to the
profanity
and that type of advertising
i believe in free speech
but that's too far
you don't hear
with reference to this complaint from you
i will send a letter to the
federal communications commission
a lot
that kind of language
is certainly not acceptable on
public radio
it might be alright between individuals
not on the radio
you can call me back on
a
no
i's an e i s e i m
okay one thirty one miles
pay soft time we've got a lot of offended old Jews out there
evidently well you know it's america
you have the right to be offended and of course how can you be offended
unless there's somebody like me to make sure you are
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T line
hang will be here at two o'clock there he is
good job by the way
yesterday
did you hear what i said i just don't go to funerals
i mean it's not it's not personal i love so many
it was a great guy i just don't go to funerals
because when i work here i feel like i'm presenting over my own
well you know something you could be like the second guest
that we have on the thing there
we actually have a microphone
in your room
yes
well for us
and it's like move my doubt it
not certainly not for us in boog i'll tell you that
so how was it
your name came up yet
i had somebody called to me then i thought you were meant
it was the one that said that
it's actually said something nice about me
yeah i thought he said it was rich dell rinpo
i think it was yeah
talking about doing the baseball
right yeah
i see how coming from
sunny heavens said that i appreciate that
there was a lot of history there
so your old boss said
oh good love him was there
oh yeah
and Bob and Cheryl i'm sure were there
well you know i didn't see Cheryl
but i didn't see everybody
Cheryl wasn't there
i don't know i don't know that she wasn't
all the old engineers were there
so then between
didn't see much
i bet your art's myth wasn't there
i know
and you know in fact
talk about more but i was reminiscing the other day
about all the people that i work with in radio
that have died since i've been here
yeah
like Jim Harper at
did you know Jim Harper
yeah
and Bill called her a course
yeah
and
jeez
long list
i tell you that it wasn't like
it wasn't a sad occasion
no that's what i had on the right way
you know it was really
if you're going to have a few
in a row it was
it went well you know
it was people had the right attitude
and yeah it's sad
i mean
sunny
you should take better care of yourself
i heard you say
we're fat and we're
i mean i don't think there's anything wrong with saying that
no i went to
i mean here's the fact that everybody would love to see him
of the 95
not 65 is not
or when you live in South Florida
65 is like a teenager
yeah
you're used to take care of himself
i mean it wasn't just that he was fat
he was so overweight
but you know he
but he loved eat
too much you know that
yesterday
too much deli
too much you're eating fat
too much kishki
yeah i just came from the doctor
and i've lost thirty
four times
yeah you're all good
i've lost seventeen
but i've said you've lost twice as much
so i have to be happy
but i was twice as big
you know
that's all world
at least it's called survival
you know you reach a
everybody needs to get the scarier
life i don't know about you
but when i get
when they like to blood test
i got that scar
and he brings it in my cholesterol's
high and my LDL's high
and that's it you know
yeah
i'm quite some blood
worked on today i'll see how it is
but they were
i was talking to the doctor
over the math science
comp with a diet
it's very similar
to the end of what's in it
to the actins
and what's in the book you gave
and
that's not that they discovered it
or anything like that
but you know he's telling me the same
thing you were saying i was
listening all the way over here
you know you're
putting it on your
brisket this week
and i don't worry about that
and
full manate don't eat low fat
no low fat dressings
low fat dressings
low fat dressings
you got more
carbohydrate
and full of what?
oh sure
i was going to say something
i do that here
i know a lot of people
are on here
are full of what you were
starting to say
but not mayonnaise
yeah
that book is great
and you know i know
you stick it sound silly
and you don't have to admit
to us on here that you
ever started doing it
but the olive oil on the feet
it's miraculous
i know you don't want to do
it just before you hop in a
sack and if there should be
somebody else in there
maybe you want to wait until
after whatever
you know
but i'm serious it's great
and what's the most
why for because i sleep alone
you know
unfortunately
you know
so i guess i could do that
that's it
i read it
and i read it
and i read it
and i know how your feet are
and where do i want to see them
but i mean
no you know how you get
like the skin starts
like the filling
and when you use the olive oil
on there
like brand new earth
it's great
i do have a little numbness
in one toe
yeah i heard you say that
but it's not good
yeah not good
i'm going up the diatrist
or that
not the one that Pavel
Berry went to i hope
you're not going to
to clean them
clinic for you
what was a misdiagnosis
there
little bit
i have no idea
i mean did the one ACL
which usually
that does it you know
and then you read it
and who knows
you know you don't know
whether they were
stringing us along
because as soon as he injured
himself for the second time
i heard stories from
all over the rest of the NHL
all over America
all over North America
that he was not for the season
that everybody else
seemed to know that
and we didn't
and i guess here they just
kept their mouth shut
and they were hoping
that maybe the rehab
would go real quick
and i couldn't find out
that they were
hope right
because remember he said
after he signed them
they were better
than they'll make the playoffs
yeah
anyway it's good to see you
okay good job
by the way
a full-timeer
right
yeah you know we're getting old
when we start reminiscing
about the good old days
then you know we're old
far for sure
they're calling up our class
exactly that's right
well you know what the
sunny from the market
used to say speaking of
sunny we're not here for a
long time just for a good
time he wasn't there for a
long time he said
that's going sunny
of course sunny
poor sunny
poor sunny from the market
oh well it's a tough life
five six seven
oh five sixty
pond five sixty
on the AT&T line
ankle be heard two
six o'clock to books
do the big fat one
and the ten o'clock
head care i already said that
but it kills a lot of good
time by the way
here's broker
hello
what's that
yeah call me back
okay
he's flat
huh
was that a B flat?
it sounded like a flute note
oh and speaking of that
I saw yesterday
where did I see it
it was some four
and exchange program
and the British
was it either Scottish
or British
and they had the whole
you know the outfits
with the kills and I
guess it must have been
Scottish and they were all
playing the flute
and I thought man
I was always convinced
the British were big on the
skin flute now I know it
they're all
seriously they were all
blowing on it and the flute
two five six seven
oh five sixty
pond five sixty
on the AT&T line
sounds to me like you're
still patching
with our phone
is what it sounds like
from that sound
let's see what the
yeah so that
he's not a
lower
he's still on there
I can't disconnect this
guy
he's trying to speak
to me
one more time
yeah
okay
hold on
let's put him on hold
it's the
yeah it's the
I'm fear of the skin flute
that's right
with the slide whistle
he's sliding on it
I thought they were
coming in next week
they were saying
it's the
yeah that's what
man is saying
he's coming in for the
big draft thing
yeah one more time
Billy come on
okay
that
haha
haha
haha
this place man
I think I
are talking about
the diet over here
this place will do it
if nothing else does
this place will kill you
I'm dieting on the
here
clean up clean up
the brown thing
in your underwear
clean up clean up
clean up
put on a
other pair
clean up clean up
clean up clean up
the comstines
right here on your
seat
clean up clean up
clean up
whenever you're
going to be
clean up clean up
try to
do some shit work
look at that
clean up
clean up
whenever you
have to
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
if i could real quick yes sir i've heard you can't really on this end
i heard you talk about jab bush a couple times i'd like to continue
yes for brings and points to light i'm not certain if you spoke about this
for a lot of people out there that that thing jab bush is great because
it's a bit of a story yeah you know i was so worried about jordan bush who
were nothing that's that's my that's one of my whole point of the word
jordan bush gave us was uh... sottam Hussein and uh... light about the no
new taxes and all out of the book and that's why everybody said goodbye to
us all so great about him and his son's the next uh... presidential canada
for the republican right the other side right that's right uh... for people
that have no jab bush with me deep in the keating s and i was a god of free
right because of his father we know we know about that before the election right
but people still better for him here's the real one i'm not sure if you know about
this you know david out there and his other two partners that were part of the
reelection campaign he did they are the individuals that have the biggest
school management companies in the state yeah they're the individuals are going to
clean up on this voucher right it's the keating s and else all over again when i
bring that honest point of the individuals that voted for him yeah
give me the school of black will he's a pretty good man they they don't understand if you
start talking issues instead of florida why are you are you losing your mind sir with all the respect
they don't know from issues all they know is they recognize the name they know the name
whether it's rauumartinas whether it's there used to be john lamelo and so if they go out
there they know the name he never saw a freight train i know the name therefore he must be okay
that's all you know from here i think it's pretty sad i think maybe the same years are
more as jokarroyo same old tired faces over and over again because they recognize the name that's all
well have a good day and back to you good luck to us five six seven oh five sixty we got two
thousand open lines were never making it up to three o'clock until you that
never gonna make it till two today another day thank god i moved my chair up at least now i'm not
squeezing my own kiss you the audience is turning them up pretty good but at least i'm not doing it
to myself five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line here's
bokeh hello there we are there's there's the flute line see i'm sitting here one red hawk
can't how come the lines aren't working right i'm getting facts is on a machine since your lines
are screwed up we're trying to call when you say got no calls and we're getting busy signals your
lines are all screwed up and Greg we've got the hospital to come in here about three hours ago
oh everything okay now of course now everything is not okay i got even i'll tell you rumour gets
more his phone system more better in his house than the one we got here on the year that's
supposed to be a radio station with a talk show going god nicky mouse even he'd be embarrassed to
come in here here's coconut grove hello no here's a call with gnashily here hallelujah actually i
was on hold for a few minutes of the phone one statically i do like that i think the problem was
over there and i would get nobody out of the speed back on this but they're playing with our
phone lines yours while we're on the year but i wasn't holding long anyway maybe three or four
minutes right and i want to tell you a second or it's a bananza for you now you but anyway i want
i want to thank you for fruitfully for getting me into hockey i was one of those guys that was
stuck on football that was the greatest sport and all that but there's no comparison the reason
is the best people think that their sports fans who aren't in a hockey i just i just wonder what
that's all about i don't get it i have never been to a hockey game i'm planning on going Wednesday great
thanks one lots of big game we needed desperately but we're not in the game you know something these
these people that don't believe me i realize we only got nine or ten games left but for
about carolina be lucky to win two more games we don't have to win every game then we still got a shot
but for those nerds out there that think that football is a rough sport i got news for them
there are a bunch of a bunch of pussy's compared to hockey players i mean hockey is the greatest sport i
mean i i used to watch it years ago but ever since the uh the team came to the town i mean i'm like
and everything i know about it which is not much because i only know a few names and a few
names and all that tone learning it's all because of you you're new god you're the best god bless
me i love you and thanks for the talk job thank you hey listen peter netbed gets that high stick from
lindross the other day he's there are an inch away from half an inch away from his eyeball he's
bleeding profusely they want to take him to the locker room this day to know i want to get back out
there okay and he finishes the period then of course he was like swooning so we couldn't finish
the game and they wanted to play it again last night didn't he or didn't he know he did not
couldn't play last night but he came back in that game with a big gash on his eyes
every clindross tried to put and anybody that wants to tell me maybe a great player and he is
Lindross duty is player in any sport in the world today Eric Lindross it's disgraceful the way what
this man does with a stick work and then he runs around like the guy said before crying about his
poor brother Brett he had to leave the game because of eight million concussions and Eric sat
a company out what you give is what you get okay sweetheart now and then here they start with
a music again with a jungle music coming here starting what what do you mean starting is that
going on sure but what is that that's life on the third floor no no it is not life on the third floor
that's the production asshole again my god are you already reminding there can it one moment
yeah i'm gonna go over a pound in the wall
oh
the music is so loud it didn't even hear me coming in the goddamn wall
oh
can it
that that's similar i thought a couple that first week i think it was Wednesday the first week or
Thursday that started up and then bluff went in here and told him to cut the crap i thought
that was loud this is so loud i feel like i'm in the middle of the what's it got the uh what's
that festival where are all bean day yeah the graph feel like our group i'm gonna get the
gloom boss to take you into gloom bay is what i'm gonna do you crazy over there hey somebody
in the building or production until i check as to can that loud crap you you go over there and tell
them okay i'll drag the spot out i'll i'll do whatever i have to do wherever the hell is
loaded tickets man you talk about a place i mean the and you think that i get hysterical over
nothing are you folks out there to think i'm making up oh that's really funny i'm telling you man
the the the the comparison between this place and a real radio station is like comparing uh
donuts with uh filet mignon with check up rion
like comparing dog to a great fine steak he's cracking it over there this man this man but it must
his nuts must be uh spanking he must be spanking something over there thank you
lunatic now when George comes back in he will find out which asshole it was in there
who will which jackass was at this time the same one dj lives but that's not the production room
that's engineering he's actually down the hall and across the hall dj lives see what kind of a
joke what what is he is the uh he's an answer yeah and why why i still hear it yeah they're
they're on the air that's how he mixes he's a deaf man what would he mean that's how he mixes
what's in the mix room mixing on the air they do other live mixing on the air and uh that's
that's how they play it i'm surprised you haven't noticed it more often
it's all day every day when they're doing live mixing what
