Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 560 560, we told Rayver Naden Brown or count 560 on yourself,
both the opinions of Neil and his guests.
Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions
or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Ever wonder what happened to the British Supergroup Oasis?
No, lots of people thought they'd finally run out of ways to rip off the Beatles.
Not even close. Oasis is back with a new CD that's like nothing you've never heard before.
It's Oasis. Don't let it be.
Be United by the way.
Oasis, don't let it be.
It gives you a chance to listen over and over again to incredibly original songs like this.
I'd like to be unique to the surface of the ocean in an 8-homstig.
Just cultivation that's with you.
Oasis, don't let it be. We'll move you.
It will sound you.
It will make John Lennon spin in his grave.
And as a conclusion, the love you receive is directly proportionate to the love you imagine.
And look for no-gabbiger's new solo-elting, Abbey Highway on SNL Records.
I'll ride. The only thing that I despise more than Oasis is Russell Oasis.
It's 1002 at 560. Do they have any spots on the station?
Always like that Russ.
Good guy.
Who's worth $50, $80 billion. Him and his good buddy, Julie Reynolds. They're my favorites.
So start the morning with the facts.
And by the way, I don't want a nitpick.
I just catch the last couple of minutes there.
The morning show on a monitor here when we actually have to finally put the monitor up to find out if we're on a year or not.
Which sometimes we're not.
And they're talking about the Belmont Stakes tomorrow with Dave Johnson.
I guess we'll be calling later on. We assume today maybe or maybe I guess you will.
Yes you will. Yes you will.
And at any rate, so then Geldy says if that horse is running, named after me, that's Stephen Horse.
And Depho, who among the three, Elise, Joe and Geldy admit they know nothing about horse racing.
And Depho, who's supposed to be, doesn't he?
Is it supposed to be the degenerate gambler in that group?
Is it all I think that Stephen got even dropped out?
I mean, see if I'm going to be doing a show, pretending to talk about sports.
And in this time, you're really only pretending.
But if I'm going to be doing it, wouldn't I like clip this thing, the entries out of the newspaper,
since it's an every paper in America out of the sports section, so that I would know that post-11 is Stephen got even with chain sellers?
Wouldn't I probably do that?
No. Of course not, because this is QAN and we don't give a crap.
I found that bizarre.
Maybe that's why he's losing his ass.
Maybe that's why Depho is ballooning up like that.
Frustration.
You know when you've got to work 70, 80 different jobs in six days, seven days a week to e-cow to living?
And you're plunging your lungs out?
Of course I bet you he didn't lose no 2700 bucks in Vegas, did he?
Do you think so?
No.
In one trip?
In one hour.
So I start with the fact this morning, which is kind of interesting.
And I think it bears out what I've always known and that is that the people out there they just don't understand one thing.
It's a radio show.
Don't you understand that?
You get that? It's no.
Or radio show.
Don't you possibly...
Stupid, stupid, stupid idiot.
Don't you get it? It's a radio show.
Well anyway, Peter, who says he starts out by saying I'm a big fan.
And listen regularly in my car and laugh at your stuff and enjoy.
And tell us this intelligent discussion of many worthwhile topics.
Intelligent discussion of many worthwhile topics.
I always tell my friends about things you say and love your word play.
Well maybe he's one of the few who actually understands what I'm saying.
Because I've noticed recently that about 70% of what I'm saying goes sailing right over a lot of people's heads.
Just flying, floating right over their heads like a cloud in the sky.
But then Peter goes on after a great opening paragraph to say.
Listening to you yesterday, it was evident that the recent ratings drop upset you greatly.
Right there you started losing it Peter.
Because one thing that Peter evidently hasn't been listening, he's a loyalist there but he'd never heard me say,
I don't give a sh** anymore.
Right. We don't care.
In fact I said that yesterday when an ounce of trend came out, we don't care.
Do we ever crap? No. In fact when I left here yesterday, there was Greg and screw in and Gary Sarner and Bluff all standing out there to park him out.
And I said, you know what's good that we had a crappy trend on this station for a change.
It'll make everybody a lot more humble.
It makes some of you have to work a lot harder.
I said that and they kind of looked at me and went like that.
Is if what you be talking about man.
And any rate, Peter goes on to say as far as the ratings drop since Peter obviously don't understand the ratings and most people around here don't get it either.
He doesn't realize that it was that racing show on Saturday morning that killed us.
But anyway, he says I have two plausible answers.
One is the incessant playing of anal noise cards that I don't like to hear.
Okay.
I switch to a news station when they come on.
I don't know if others do as well, but they're unpleasant.
I don't know why you play them so often.
How do you switch to a news station when that comes on?
Huh? You got to move fast.
You got to really move like crazy. Like wildfire.
Oh, uh.
Now to Peter come back to you just come back.
Oh, geez. There he goes again.
Maybe you could give people a heads up before you fart.
Okay.
Look out.
Watch it.
Cut one for Christ.
Cut one for the Lord.
Don't leave out the Virgin Mary.
Absolutely correct.
I don't know why you play them as often.
And then number two, he says is if that weren't bad enough, he says Hank is ruining the station in general.
Why did all of a sudden out of nowhere after all this time that they just decide to pick on poor Hank maybe because he's out of town.
Hank is ruining the station in general.
He's outdoing himself with his incredible rudeness and complete this regard for his listeners who support him in the rest of you at QAM.
He needs to be sent out to Pazirat said or at least to New York to go to the Belmont.
Sincerely Peter with actually with the last name.
So this is obviously a very thoughtful facts from a guy who's a loyal listener, but doesn't like those anal noise cards.
He can't stand him.
I don't get it.
What's the problem with that yesterday was yesterday was it on Wednesday that guy was all been out of shape about penis.
Remember that?
Was that the identical twin that was all that was on Wednesday at the end of the show.
He said it was been out of shape hooked to the left like a golf shot hooked to the left.
Damn it.
Hate when that happens.
Don't you oh sorry sorry Peter didn't warn you that time.
Man everybody is so uptight in this world you know especially this frickin country of ours.
Just because everybody's willing each of his brains out for Christ what are you worried about Peter.
Let's see if anybody else out there complains about the anal noise cards.
I've actually that most of our crowd likes the anal noise cards.
You want a bet on that?
I'd be willing to bet a hell of a lot of your money.
Well I don't have much left after losing 2700 bucks and biggest.
I'd be willing to bet a lot of your money that the audience likes the anal noise cards.
Come on real quick response here.
Let's go yesterday thumbs up or thumbs down on the anal noise cards for Jesus.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Because if the audience don't like it my neck I can always cut them.
Huh?
Look at that you know and like yesterday everybody's going on about how much they love Jim Mandage.
I listened to Mad Dog going home.
What did I tell you before they love him he gets no calls.
He gets no calls.
He was pumping the numbers so hard I thought he was going to have a hurry.
No calls.
QA and fart line.
All right good one excellent.
Oh sorry Peter Peter just turned to IOD.
Sorry about that.
Okay stay hanging there okay we'll take a little poll on this.
Kill some good time.
And you notice I'm really distraught about those ratings.
I'll explain to you in a minute what happens when you have a month like that with the ratings.
I'll explain to you for those who are uninitiated including some of my fellow broadcasters in this town so-called.
Orrenzo's Italian Center's got a new smoke fish department within their fresh seafood department now check it out as George would say.
Come and meet Paulie the expert smoke fish counterperson hand sliced novel or locks regularly 6.99 a quarter pound not only 4.99 a quarter pound.
And you get an eighth of a pound of cream cheese free when you buy that good stuff.
Kippert salmon regularly 20 dollars a pound now only 4.49 for the quarter pound hand sliced
Sable regularly 19 dollars a pound now just 4.29 for a quarter pound also smoked white fish 5.99 a pound and homemade white fish salad only 7.99 a pound.
By the way thanks for Todd for putting a nice new neatly typed copy of this so I can read it not in the copy file.
Did he do it?
No thanks Todd.
Yes.
Together like my Lincoln long.
What a nice or something like that.
Mom was yelling at the door.
God was breathing heavy.
Mom was on her knees.
You have to put a pool push.
She's just a milking piece.
He's been told to keep all watching mom and dad.
He's been telling to keep all the most on the ever has.
But we watched a little longer than I started to get sick.
If Daddy's name is Halber.
One mom asked for a gift.
Daddy granted his eyes full pack.
Mommy wanted more.
She went back on top of him but all he did was sure.
He's been through the keyhole.
Has a minute has.
I can't wait to try this out on some drawing my class.
Well I can't wait to try this out on some drawing my class.
Then 14 is 560 WQA and 2A in part line.
Hello.
Hi Neil. How are you?
Great to see you.
Listen I wanted to.
Anyway here's a fact.
Miami traveler group abused in Venezuela.
This whole thing about that story that Sam was telling us about on Monday.
The day after the holiday.
You're all full of crap.
All the YouTubans were on that plane because Sam was on the plane.
They said they were rowdy and obnoxious and they should have thrown your ass out the door while the plane was in the year.
However they treated you there more power to them.
You deserve it and then some.
How do you like that?
So maybe you can fool somebody's bleeding hearts here in this town.
You can't fool us here at QEM.
We got our eye on it.
By the way speaking to having our eye on it.
Great news of the century.
Kid Curry from Power 96.
My best close personal friend comes in this morning to tell me an amazing story.
He had dinner last night with one of the great singers in the world.
How long is it going to take for you to open up your mouth?
I'm biting my lip.
Yeah he's biting it.
My close personal friend almost is close and personal is Kid Curry.
He had dinner with my good buddy Enrique last night who was obsessed through love this.
So I told you that.
Better relationship.
You know he loves me.
He can't think for sure.
Yeah that's what you've heard.
Big and Denmark by the way.
Oh yeah. He's big with a great day.
Little of music in the middle.
The greatest fans are pretty good on Enrique too.
Just look at him.
Yeah.
I love Enrique. I'm sorry.
I don't care what you say.
Yeah he has a lot of feet.
I have some of the... I don't know about his feet.
His feet are pretty good.
That's what Joe said.
He does have a very small penis so maybe that's why maybe that's why we have this bond between us.
So you're truly an Enrique huh?
Guys with small penis has to kind of like stick together so to speak.
Oh it's another one of those relationships you know where he's obsessed with me and I'm obsessed with him but in different ways.
You see those kind of relationships right here this week right?
You don't know with what?
About Enrique.
Maybe he's got the hots for me that's true.
That's right.
Enrique, you know what?
No, it's happened before.
Of course. All the time.
So Enrique if you're listening.
God bless you sweetheart.
He is the best. He's...
Everything you could ever want to then some.
And he's kind of like ambiguous.
You know I'm talking about...
Unlike Ricky Martin who's not the least bit ambiguous.
Is there any doubt about Arrici?
No.
Maricone Arrici?
No.
He is everywhere.
In fact Sam brings me in the new Miami magazine, Miami Metro.
They change the name of the two to protect the guilty.
And they're on the cover looking like looking like he may substitute for American Airlines on your next journey.
There's Ricky Mania up close with Pop Throb.
Ricky Martin. It looks like it's throbbing right now.
And there she is.
Not even with a toenail touching the ground.
Making Nick Carter of the Backstreet Boys look like Hercules on a good day.
Anyway, getting back to these ratings.
Okay, and back to this...
Thank you by the way for the packs and the facts Peter.
He's gonna meet some good material on otherwise very boring day.
But it's only the fourth of June.
It is so boring here. Do you have any...
Do you have any...
Wow.
There's nothing going on here.
I mean absolutely positively nothing going on in this town.
But anyway, getting back to these ratings.
You see, let me explain it to you.
Okay, here's how it works folks.
Arbor Tron up there in Beltsville, Maryland, which is all we got.
I mean, those are the only ratings we have for radio anymore.
Unfortunately, they have no competition.
So they can be as mediocre as they want to be.
And one rating, much less one month.
One rating book really doesn't mean a whole lot.
Unless you get lucky.
But when we had the monthly trends, what happens is that every now and then...
Because they send out a very small sample.
And because a lot of people don't waste their time sending the diaries back.
Especially if they're not an ethnic minority.
They don't get, you know, five bucks for the diaries that are just one.
Then they wind up with a really skewed sample.
And some stations get screwed.
It's called taking a hit in the industry.
Oh, we took a big hit this week.
Yeah, that's what we like to say.
We took a hit.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I'm not that kind of hit.
That's Monday, by the way.
Everybody's going to be smoking wicked weed all over this party.
They're going to be handing out free samples.
Yeah, we took a hit.
Take another hit.
And another one and another one.
And then you can look at the numbers.
You won't feel so bad.
But at any rate, so basically what that means is that during the month of April,
the diaries that they set out, they found very few people who listened to QA
and they couldn't find our audience.
Some months it happens to other stations.
And some months it happens to all the stations.
You know what I'm saying?
Some stations like the light bulb that you stand up into every month.
They couldn't find their audience.
Because there wasn't any.
And the same with the INZ, with the stupid talk.
I don't want to mention any particular day parts.
But, you know, she's had bad things on the afternoon.
She's had kind of a bad run of work.
And just like a month after month after month, since she's gone and now it's just five or six months,
they keep searching and cannot find any evidence of her audience.
So I think it's a pretty good, a safe thing to say when you're in this business.
If month after month in the trends, you continue sucking wind and not showing any numbers at all.
That is a pretty good indication that it's not just a glitch in arbitration sampling.
But not only couldn't they find your audience, but you don't have any audience.
You don't have any fans with us.
If I were you, I'd go back to Jiffy Loub, get the car lubed up and head out of town right away.
Okay?
I get my diesel truck back over there right away before noon.
I'd hop in it and head out of town real fast.
Before you get lower than that 1.3 share.
God.
Just exactly what I predicted.
I mean, you didn't have to be a rocket scientist to figure that out.
Did you, Peter, huh?
Did you have to be a genius?
No.
A maven?
No.
You asked, Hall?
And by the way, have a nice day, Peter.
I'm sure you're listening right now.
Pete Boulder and his good buddy, John Ford.
They're probably joined into hip right now.
They're probably grappling with each other.
As we speak, birds of a feather suck together.
That's those two.
Man, I'm telling you.
I don't wish anything bad on anybody except those two.
I'll make an exception.
There's nobody else in the world I want to see anything bad happen to.
Even Slavio Milosevic.
He's a pretty bad guy, but he's not even in the same league with those two.
Assassin.
Career and life destroyers.
Butchers.
Liars.
No talents.
Athleticers.
Other than that, they're okay.
Peter Boulder and John Ford.
That's stupid talk.
Nice to stop by the way, but the OJ thing.
That went over big.
Yeah.
That went over real big.
Blue up in their face again.
Desperate.
Desperate.
So, now we're not upset about at least those of us who understand how the ratings work.
I mean, you're never happy when you get one of these months where they can't find the whole.
But because the whole station went down to 15 to 20 percent, like those of you yesterday calling it ripping Hank a fat ass.
I mean, what was that besides a lot of fun, you know.
Oh, it's fun.
I mean, why not rip him an ass.
He deserves it once in a while just like I do.
We all deserve to get an ass rip.
Why not?
And in his case, if you would ever show up on the irrit to a clock, maybe we'd stop rip him an ass, you know.
Yeah, go ahead.
You didn't play the music.
I'd find it its way out there.
Okay. Well, whatever.
WQM.
Farline.
Hello.
Q-A-N.
WQ-I-M.
Yes.
Yes.
What are they doing?
They're talking about the bad news.
The bad news.
It is.
Sound like them.
All the sticks sound the same.
Yeah, but with all their screens, will you think they'd be on in there?
Oh, it was ringing a long time.
Maybe they'd be on there.
Yeah.
Q-A-N.
WQM.
WQM.
WQM.
I think I can pick up the phone.
I'll give you a hand.
I think you got the phone.
Sure.
Thank you.
This is great.
WQM.
WQM.
WQM.
WQM.
WQM.
WQM.
WQM.
WQM.
WQM.
WQM.
WQM.
WQM.
WQM.
Okay, thank you.
That was great.
Oh, I love it.
They're playing little grand bass with each other.
That was fantastic.
You're right.
I am, the pivot man.
There's no question about that.
Wow.
You can feel the vibrations right here in this studio.
WQM.
Neil, in honor of Peter's smart feddy.
You got to give him a shot of the acrepidations, babe.
Yeah.
Okay.
If we, one day, when we have no spots,
we've got to be pretty soon after these numbers sink in.
Thank you, sir.
I'd be like the middle of next week, the spots all out of this appear.
By the way, getting back to our close personal friend Todd Dreck.
I don't want to start up with him again, but I will anyway.
Yes, I do.
No, seriously, here's, I wish the audience could have seen yesterday,
the scene that we had in here at about 9 30 yesterday morning.
Because there's nothing simple with this guy.
It's always a lot of noise, a lot of posturing, a lot of bellowing,
a lot of, uh, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know, loud, emphatic, and obnoxious.
And then does he do what he says he's going to do?
No.
See, that's the thing.
I almost cracked up in the middle of Lorenzo spot because I just showed him yesterday
that the agency faxed this over a piece of copy that is barely legible.
And when there are prices in there, you want to get the information right for our close personal friend David Lorenzo
and all our good pizons over there who only been on the air with me for about 600 years.
And instead of just saying, okay, I'll have somebody be type it.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know, and oh, well, the fax machine is our fax.
Okay, fine.
So after going through 10 minutes of his double puck, which he does better than the late Al Kelly,
uh, okay, I'm going to tell you, uh, and I said, you can't take that because it was our first spot yesterday,
just like I was today.
I said, you can't take that because I need that copy at the 10, whatever.
Oh, okay. Well, I'm going to go right now.
I'm going to have a nice clean copy that typed up for you.
Did he ever come back?
No.
Is there a change?
No.
I mean, what are we talking about?
If you're going to scream and shout, do something, you know,
besides just make a lot of noise and bluster and run around in a hall town.
Everybody how weird and what an asshole I am.
Okay.
And make it up stories about your good friend Peter Leonard, who never stole a freight train.
By the way, he even though he's pretty grizzly looking like a ego on a bad day.
Never less a bad guy.
We like Peter Leonard a lot.
We like fat boy a lot.
Well, yeah, we do.
We like everybody except we love Gary Sarner, one of my newfound best friends.
But in Todd Drex case, there will make an exception.
That's where we draw the line.
No, seriously, if you look a bullcrap artist in the dictionary, his picture is next to it.
Blow hard.
That's him.
Papa, and I mean, just keeps getting louder and louder and louder and more obnoxious.
But I mean, this is not rocket science.
Okay.
It's called taking a piece of copy, having some flunky somewhere in the building,
retyping on a sheet of paper.
So it's legible.
That's not very difficult.
Is it?
No.
No.
Does it require like a big song to dance in a seminar and him in here jumping up and down like a Jewish woman?
A little bit of a ruffle stiltskin?
No, it does not.
No, it does not.
Okay.
I want to take back what I said about the nanny by the way, being the role model for anti-Semitism
around the world.
Todd Drex is the role model.
Not the nanny.
I mean, Jesus Christ and Joseph and Saul.
I mean, he's so adamant.
He's a, oh, I'm going to get there right now and he goes burging out the door.
Did we see him again?
No.
Did we see him this morning?
Did the copy been replaced?
No.
Is it still hard to read?
Uh-huh.
And this is a guy, like I said, who runs around all the way here.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know, talking up a storm.
See, as a substitute for doing anything, just talk up a big storm.
Okay, talk a good game.
Don't do anything.
Just talk a lot.
Bluster.
Remember how he do it and Mr. Bluster?
He could have played Mr. Bluster.
In fact, if they ever make the howdy-duty movie, I'm going to nominate him.
He can be Mr. Bluster.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if the agency guy actually turns out to be a pretty good guy.
Well, everything's relative, you know.
1026-560-WQM.
Hey, give you the real thing here and the other.
What would it do if I had normal food?
Good to do, got out and buy my CD.
Do you get long when I scream out of songs?
Despite how much I sing off-key-key, I'm going to get by with this land in my grasp.
I just got with this land in my grasp.
I don't have to try with this land in my grasp.
Did you audition for any party?
I only had to pull my candy down.
Are they the thieves in your body?
Yeah, I'm not commencing where I could find now.
1026-560-WQM.
Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a killer or a guy.
How old will you be?
At least until I'm out of rehab 35.
I get by with this land in my grasp.
I get by with this land in my grasp.
I don't have to try with this land in my grasp.
Have you seen your best age body?
She lived through me by carrying my-by carrying flame.
Don't be called a money.
Well, in this business, that's the most important thing.
I'm a guest by this is for you to play in my grasp.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm a guest by this is for you to play in my grasp.
I'm a guest by this is for you to play in my grasp.
I'm a guest by this is for you to play in my grasp.
I'm a guest by this is for you to play in my grasp.
I'm a guest by this is for you to play in my grasp.
Yeah.
And of course Britney Spears is popping up the old chart too with her single.
I'll stop you when you get to a real musician.
But that's my point and that is that we've come to this thing now where it doesn't make any difference
when you can sing or not as far as the single charts are concerned.
But if you look pretty good, if you have big boobs or like shake your booty pretty good,
then they're running out there like crazy.
Which goes to show you that you guys ought to be very pleased because there's a lot of desperate women out there.
I mean, horny, desperate, emotional, desperate.
Yeah.
I mean, and of course the worst part of it is don't they get it?
I mean, no.
Like Ricky Martin, I seriously, they could be they could be the hottest looking things in the history of the human race.
And is there any chance?
No.
No.
Is there a teeny tiny?
No.
No.
Not with Ricky Martin who's looking La Penga, loco.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
What is it?
I'm on the mobile.
Okay.
So, Neil.
Yes, speaking.
Hey, how's it going?
Let me ask you a question.
How is we going?
Not in state.
Let me ask you one question.
Yeah, ask me a question, sir.
What's that?
What do you hide behind a phone?
Why do I hide behind a phone?
Right.
Well, let me ask you something.
Do you know who I am?
Yeah.
Do we know who you are?
Yes.
Who are we?
I met you behind the hockey game.
I'm happy.
Do you want?
I sat behind you in the hockey game.
At what hockey game?
Two months.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I was going to play in the hockey game.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
He was a white name player.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
From Park.
But it started offen,
And now I was going to play baseball that day from Park.
It started offen.
I was thinking,
I was thinking,
The singers and they're not really singers or just on the single charts or whatever crazy to bastard. Yes, sir
Yeah, it's not like the old days when you had like Richard Harris singing McCarty Park and
Chair singing Gitchie's Trans and Steve yeah
And Dean singing sidewalk surfing. Yeah, but at least Janet Deem or musician they were
Well, Jan and Dean were musicians
Where they how can how come Brian Wilson had to write all their music for him?
Well, okay, Janet Dean were musicians
Well, I don't know I
think you're right
But and Annette's who Nutella she was pretty good what that and and what's his name a Frankie Avallon?
He was a musician and the monkeys. Yeah, the mother monkeys were David Nase Michael Naseman. He was a musician
Michael Nesmith was a musician and true and Peter Dork
But David Jones of those blood child British TV stars a smelly little guy that wound up living in a dumpster
More. Yeah, and Peter Tork was kind of a nerd. I guess. Mm-hmm. Neil listen have a good weekend
And I'm curious God bless you and God bless Britney Spears, okay?
And Jennifer Lopez and Ricky Martin looking like in Galoka and all these other great artists that we have today and my good close personal body
And Ricky
See, it's not really important with the elected ricky's music and I know I have to look at a lot first thing when he sings in a tidy on
But in repeat this look at
Just put your own on the show
Put your head on his shoulder
And say
Say
See how emotionally gets on his show exactly he gets very emotional. He's obsessed with me
What hey listen, I'm getting a little bit rigid just thinking about the fact that a ricky's out there listening right now
And they actually be touching himself because he's so excited from the vibrations of my voice coming over his speaker
I'm sure that's what Sam told me he said he's touching it
21 before 11 at 560 WQM Friday you
This is Debbie. Oh, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting some operations done
Okay, and some body contouring and some liposuction
And I was wondering if it's some tummy talk and the lip augmentation cosmetic the best surgery face gift all of these things
I was wondering
Well, I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my
My thing okay, we don't do that no could you do breast implants though?
It can be done
The lotion in the basket
How much?
5000
I'd like to have my skin resurface too
Laser surgery
Have the lamb stop crying yet mommy
Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV
Okay, can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first and they're a bond-looking actually we can tell you that when we see you
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy?
If you'd like to it works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes, okay
There is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine
Okay
My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay, let me get a little information from you. Okay
It works the lotion in the basket. I understand it puts the lotion in the basket
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It works the lotion in the basket. Okay, do you like to make an appointment?
Do you want to call me back? It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. I got my skin suit and it's like
Bill it puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that was it like it puts the lotion in the basket
Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay, I will talk to you in a time. Okay? It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello
Damn it 1045 and 560 WQ and by the way, I spent that asshole I called about allegedly being behind me at the hockey game
Which he was not or if he was he had his mouth real shut that night
But nevertheless just don't on me. I'm always talking about public and MIA
Those are the three places to see and I'm finding more joints where I'm really big
Behind the international airport. I would say publics of the sawgrass definitely number one and the Macarena with a hockey games
I'm legendary. I'm gigantic. I'm huge there
Big like about this big
Okay, look at this we're doing a little screenless action today and this audience has got no material manual got absolutely
Positively nothing even on the on a great that provocative facts that we had from Peter to start to show this morning nothing
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line no wonder man dog was the psychotic yesterday
Too many to be here again for the much despised hangover get to this afternoon
I don't know why Hank is all of a sudden much despised. I guess because he's out of town
It's an easy target just like the anonymous guy to call before on the phone, you know with his big mouth behind the anonymity of the phone
So mad dog will be here between two and six to saffron then we got the tuck and baseball with Donald Z Brennan at six o'clock six thirty to pregame in a
Marlins in the Tampa Bay devil rays. Wow big one coming up seven o'clock tonight
You know those red hot marlins at one again last night. Oh any interest
70 Q. I. M. Yeah, yes, sir. Hey, you know why you're not getting many calls you gotta do the gay
Priest talk see that gets everybody wild up. Uh-huh. That's what it is. Is that what you want to talk about?
If you want to I know I don't think I've ever met a straight priest either. Yeah, uh-uh. We ever arrested by a priest. What's that?
Did you ever go to confession? No, I never have are you can't are you can't look?
No, I used to be the way I reached the age of reason. Yeah, ten and now I
Never know that's when you were the confessional those strange thumping sounds on the other side of the wood
Only when I told him that I touched myself. Uh-huh. That's when I started hearing those noise right?
But I did it wood did I what go ahead? I
knew a priest for sixteen years. Yeah, and
It took me to when I wound up wound up working
At the paris you were working on him. No, there's no fact in the church. Yeah
No, it was when I started working over priest when I started working with him
Then I realized, you know how strange you was. Yeah, well, you know most guys that walk around in the dress
It's not exactly your everyday cup of tea in order to say and they don't wear anything under that dress right?
Okay, well glad you checked it out and have a great day. There's a guy who knows the insides and outside the father's tool
WQ I am
What's going on? Are you doing sir? Oh, I regarding the facts. Yes. I got
No problem. No problem with the far sounds. Yeah
The main is that you play that got real real quick in my eyes
Well, you notice I didn't play yesterday. Yeah, I'm not that you refers to my memory. Yeah. Well. Oh, thank you so much
Hey, we got in Hank and your tired of my in us
well
I'm sorry
Anyway, regarding Hank and
People say that they don't like the audience so vicious would hang call of a sudden the last couple of days out of nowhere
No, I thought a hand could kiss the made up with the audience and was doing just great and all of a sudden the last couple of days
They've turned on them like a rat like a rabid animal
Hank, can you are very similar you in the first place you guys are
Yeah, well, whatever well read you're educated you speak the truth
Yeah, a lot of people don't like you because you're not afraid to say what the truth instead of what people want to hear and
I don't like me
Well, I mean you've had a lot of you had a lot of these tractors over the years true or false
Yeah, okay, and a lot of the reason for that is not because you're potty mouth or this or that because they can't stand the truth
That's right. Like the catler church and the porn again fanatics and the right wing gun nuts and all these other idiots
Well, whatever. I mean the single
If Hank does it like a certain player or a certain team where he's got an opinion on some he comes out and says it
Now guy I got like the forest you don't hear anything from place about the first team because you have a bunch of cupcakes
Yeah, wimpy. Yeah, the word you're looking for is wimpy. Yeah, is that me?
Defo really lost my respect this morning when the guy when guilty was asking about Stephen got even being an eraser on the Belmont
And he's like oh, I think he dropped out. I mean come on
It's right there in the paper this morning. Defo doesn't require a direct line to the Jimmy the Greek grave line
Okay, all the requires is like open enough to lose paper do it just a little bit of homework
Seen the names of the 12 horses that are in the afield there and then you'd have some idea
But I mean, you know, we don't really care anymore. Yeah, I mean, you know
Obviously, I mean today was Duncan Donuts day and we appreciate the free food and that's all we care about
You know, we try to listen in the morning and you do listen in the morning don't you come on you listen?
Once in a while until I hear that squeaky voice come on the squeaky door
I mean, I'll be listening to Defo and and Joe Rose. I'm in a conversation about something
And when Geldie comes in even if he says something intelligent
Yeah, but Geldie's my hero now though. He gave me the new outlook on life. Geldie's my main
That is true about that. Yeah, but that's about it. He added years to my life
He don't realize it yet, but I owe Geldie big time
In fact, I say Geldie for pants voice of the panther
You know, so I uh but get back again back again to you and Hank now they're off the uh, yeah
I was listening to the mandage yesterday and I was that's where I started thinking about it
Didn't get any calls mandage is great and he gets no calls and it's a you know something it tears my guts out
Well, Hank doesn't get any calls. Oh, you're wrong about that Hank gets more calls than anybody on this radio station
All he's got to do is sit down when it eventually gets to a microphone wherever he might be
I know about 20 after two and
Like usually don't even have to give the numbers out
Well, he's always saying well, we got he's talking back to the guys. This dude. We got he calls nothing
Okay, we're a chulistoo or whatever and he goes on from there. Yeah, um, I called him up
He was talking about like the 50 greatest athletes that they're doing on the S-ray and I
Well that whole thing is so ridiculous. You know the the whole thing is intended to create a lot of controversy and get everybody talking about it
And it's working very well, you know, no, but the thing it is it is a good way to give
To give homage to guy like blue garrard or after a while with some people that maybe haven't been active
Yeah, but but Mickey mandal is 37 and secret terranus 35 they put a horse ahead and Mickey mandal
To make me tear my liver out. So he he's talking to Mickey, but I think it's too late
He's talking about like y'all damn marina was like ranked 70 50 d on standards of 70 third or something like that
So he's like how can that possibly be slightly put my two cents in and he's saying there's no calls on the board
So I pick up the phone. Yeah, what about Shane Burton? How did he write Shane
And that 99 he was I get on the phone and then they go into a five minute break and he goes we have run phrasier on the phone now
Oh
We like you run but God that you and baseball stuff is boring
Well, it's got to tell all the sun. There's a there's a I'd rather hear about you pop it with
10 minutes 10 15 minute gap was not taking calls. I said, I ain't
All right in conclusion
So in other words you think the format so if we had a lot of that yesterday people saying the format sucks
And they just can't handle these 85 minute breaks and the sales department's ruining the station
You got about 16 minutes in brakes in per hour for you correct in this show. Yes very good. It doesn't sound that much no
I mean made because you do a lot of live spot and just blends in with the rest of you
So it doesn't sound that much. No, it's limited
That's according to the deal that we made here. It's limited believe me if they had the choice
And I've told screw in our sales manager and then she knows it if they had the choice they'd run 50 minutes of spots
Because they don't care about the programming they honestly they care about the ratings only that they'd like to even
Respectable, but they care about just loading it up with spots so we can afford to pay Wayne, you know and John Henry
Yeah, when they come out for those crap ball games we got every 20 minutes they do a sports update if there's no
Thanks for stuff we got no games going on during the day guys showering together rather each other's butts pretty much
If there's no games going on
All crap we got on Saturday morning God. It's enough to make me wish for another auto-racing
All right, I bet Kim Boat the airport he would tell me a few stories
Okay, and have a great day, sir God bless you. Okay, that guy said a hell of a lot
I'm not sure what he said. He was a good guy all we did
He didn't rip Hank. He said Hank's okay, but he's got no show or something like that. Too many spots to all spots radio baby
That's us
Just get the spots on I told you don't believe me do you think I'm kidding and by the way for him to blame Joe Costello
I'm gonna tell you we like Joe Costello in this on this show. Okay. Joe is one of our friends
He's one of the good people in this building. Okay?
One of the unappreciated people in this building and for an obnoxious slime ball like Todd Dreck to finally come in here
Weaseling with a copy after I ripped him an ass on the ear. He said he would go take care of it yesterday
He didn't say he'd go and we have Joe Costello or somebody else take care of it
He said he'd be right back with the retive copy and Joe Collins had Todd's full of crap. Yeah, Todd's full of crap
That's what he said. He's full of oh, sorry Peter. Peter's on IOD again
Peter just flipped over to IOD again because they had another anal
Burst
Well some people have a lot of anal burst okay
WQAM
Yeah, yes sir. Okay. I just want to tell you I listened to the dog yesterday. He was like unbelievable
Yeah, I never listened to the fat man because he's just turning me off
So how come my man did still get any calls? What's wrong with this audience? You want to know why he don't talk about gambling
He doesn't give points breads. Maybe that's the reason maybe the degenerate gamblers in addition to which they I've told you this since I started on the station
There are really no sports callers in this town. So when somebody comes on there that doesn't want to talk about gambling and points
Breath that really knows his stuff and also has a sense of humor
There are no calls because there are no sports fans in this town
It's unbelievable. He was just on fire yesterday. I mean, I think the number one line was that he went to the dolphin
Awards feel whatever. Yeah, and he said there were a lot of plastic titties and he would I mean
And it was on the way. Yeah, and some of the women had some too. Yeah, I'm sure they do
I mean, I don't know any people I can you know say that and get away with only managed would say plastic titties on the radio
That's correct the best unbelievable
They would have to get rid of the fat man because he's he's just Bob oh boy
The assault continues when Hank comes back Monday. He might pack up and get out of here
Okay, okay, have a great day. Boy, they hate Hank to that or I don't know what it is
What did he do to them all of a sudden maybe a big blast or something? Huh?
Maybe give him a bad tip on a ballgame or something
It has to be something like that because it sounds like a grudges thing to me
WQ I am hey now. Yes, sir. I've never seen an uprising against the hump like this in my life. I never even thought it was possible
Anyways, um you were talking yesterday about the ratings about how you guys took a
George says this is the modicone caller that this a modicone oh a modicone no not at all. Okay. I sound like I mean it's it's
He whatever he's a badic. He's he hates you like poison. I have no idea. Did you like one? You know, Stella?
I don't like going to it. I have no idea. I mean every time I call I identify myself as definitely not a modicone caller. Okay
Anyways, um you were talking about the ratings yesterday and
What beat you during midday?
Uh, let's see 2554 persons. Well still I'm sure men were number one by an amen overall were number one
Actually, what station actually beat you guys? No, I know, but let me take a look
That's the kind of the WLYF life which is elevator music Fm
WBGG which is just the after spilloff from Howard having the gigantic book in the morning
Uh, which you know nobody listens to big after he goes off
Why 100 which was by in the audience given away a lot of money the coast had a 5.1
Love 94 with a 5.0 we had a 4.8 which means between 10 and 2 it is about a 5.5
So actually like only a big in life. Wow. Yeah elevator music. Yeah
And you know it's totally bogus and next month it'll change again because the month of April
Arbertron couldn't find our listeners. It happens to everybody. Yeah
You know I have some some girls that work with me they give me like little spider reports because uh
I guess under a bus ride on the way to school. They listened to y-100 and they're show off their pedaling in the mornings
Why and um about last week
I think they had on tricky Martin. Yeah, and they were interviewing in the morning and I think uh 40 and a chicks with pricks asked them
If he uh how he was handling this this new thing now that everybody is new thing. Yeah
Yeah, and he was like oh well you know all the women that are forming on me
I really don't get attention because I'm caught up in the moment
All the women who are performing on him
Forming over him. Oh for swarming all the way that's blown over him like he he's really not paying attention because he's too caught up in the moment
And too caught up in his boyfriend's I think is what's the last one? That answer is two questions number one
He has to know that he's a one trick pony and he's almost on the way out like flash in the pan like
That's called the back story boy right and number two um, I mean if obvious who's now is number one in the world
By the way in almost every country in the world, but anyway go ahead number two. He obviously has been up in gunna
Okay, all right now and have a great day. See you were knocking this guy. This was a great car. It was a great call
I apologize. Yeah, see George
I just because you get too many of them a day. I can't help but that's because they're all listening. Thank god
That was a great photo line though. That was a great line. I God bless you sir and your uh loco whatever was
Do I say three before 11 at 560 Q. I.m
Okay, it's 11 11 at 560 WQM. Here is the voice of the uh everything any horse race that's ever been run virtually Dave Johnson
How you doing Dave? Hey, this is familiar. No, you I'm supposedly the expert and you're the one who picked
Charismatic. No, I didn't oh, I thought you picked me like I said I picked care no, I did not well
You better get your a shuffle your deck there
What you pick? I don't even remember but it wasn't charismatic who the hell did I oh I picked that other Philly
What was the other Philly?
Yeah, oh, but I hadn't accused those she had a problem and she like she still right here
She comes at the top of this right right now
No, but seriously if I wouldn't know if he I'm out of the loop on this stuff and the first in the durby as you know
I was in Europe so I wasn't here
So I wasn't aware of this great story that's unfolding and for some reason
Nobody seems to care now. I asked our good mutual friend Hank about this a few days ago when he said that
Chris antley he saw many elevator actor the race
And he said I looked him in the eye and he said he just got that look in his eye. So what do you mean by that?
I said this is a tremendous human interest story that usually the media gobble this stuff up
Here's a guy that had problems with drugs and obesity and with booze and he lost all the weight
He made an unbelievable comeback and now he's done the verge of winning the triple crown
This is exactly the kind of story that thoroughbred racing and all sports need you know
And I'm not reading very much about that. Well, it's a great story and he's really a nice guy and and a terrific rider
I mean he rode this horse very confidently. I did see though this morning he rang the bell at the opening of the stock exchange
Maybe he's getting a little bit of ink
Or maybe he's getting some good tips on the inside that we will only wish we had yeah
That could be it. We would talk to Hank. Maybe we could get Hank to mark our program
Okay, now let's see the horse that Hank picked. Let's see. Oh here right behind the excellent meeting here
He comes at the top of the stick
Little order Hank is a very good
handicapper you know you can't take it just on one race. That's right
That's exactly in fact
I remember a couple of years ago in a breeders crown
Breeders cup when he picked every horse that he picked came in last and he said you can't pick it only on one year
Exactly, so I know who you like already. This is kind of a pointless conversation
I don't know why because you already you said and if you change now
I'm gonna be shocked because I know you you never change except usually from Friday to Saturday
Well, you told me that a silver bullet day would have been in the precinctness
He would have won from here to the parking lot you said I she could have started in the parking
Okay, now she's into that tomorrow in the Belmont and I can't imagine that you would change your mind. I'm gonna go for yeah
I think I've got to it's just I think she's an absolutely incredible animal and
This is the first time that she's gonna be trying the boys in the in the Belmont state and she'll be a price
I mean she's not gonna be the favorite or even the second choice
Yeah, that's probably gonna take and you know this Bob Bafford this guy
I mean, I like him and he's likely said he's got personality and he did the utter a few words on a year
They're made a little colorful
But why does he have to throw a monkey wrench in the works? We're waiting all these years for another triple crown winner
And charismatic which is oh here's a horse that was in claiming races and loot even when Lucas didn't think that highly of
And we know all these negative things about the horse and nobody gave him credit after the Derby and then a Chris Antley factor here
There's such a great story
Why does Bob Bafford have to get in here with that one?
What do you think we should do just lay down and let this horse win the when the Belmont?
I mean if you're gonna win the triple crown you got to earn it
No, I don't think so
Got to get a hern it and that's what the charismatic if he can do it he deserves to be on the pedestal
I'm gonna pick charismatic because you know me. I do this every time we have a winner in the first two legs
I always picked I because I want to see a triple crown winner. It's great for racing
Well, I'd really deep down in my heart. I'd love to see him win too. I just can't pick the favorite
But okay, we got a great matchup you got charismatic. I got silver bullet day and
George picked men ofy by the way, and of course he doesn't know that pat day is riding men ofy and
Huh
Now what was that? Why don't we why don't we just box those three horses?
I don't want I wasn't gonna mention this because the last time that you call I let this go because I know you've called 80 million races in your life
And only made one mistake and everybody talks about that
And what was the race where men ofy won on the outside and in the middle of the stretch? You had like a momentary
You know like a little bobble or just it was a senior moment. It was you right and you know I started falling
The races so long ago that the saddlecloths were in Roman numeric
And I thought to myself you know it's because pat day is riding that horse
That's the reason that Dave's having a little bit of problem there because pat day. I don't know. It's just
That's that whole that whole ambiance with him. I just don't pick pat day. Well
He's a good rider, but I'm gonna pick somebody else
I get you're a Bailey I get you're a Bailey. Yeah
You got and I got the great Chris antley who's made a great comeback and tell Hank that we don't care what he says
We're still pulling for Chris antley. We don't care about that. In fact, he said I said what do you mean the look in his eyes
He said it kind of like he had the he be jeebies. I said I didn't know he would Jewish. I mean what was that?
He be jeebies I'm Chris antley good. I
Say the horse name he be jeebies. Was there? Yeah, maybe that's where he's talking maybe he's related to a little high
I'm or whatever that other one is okay. Well listen have a great telecast as I know you will and
What can I say? I mean you're if we have a triple crown winner. I'll call you will you?
I will I'll call you because uh, you know
You will be the king of the handicappers of all time if that's if this happens. Okay, and I'm right and I want double my money back
All right. Okay. Thanks Dave. Thank you for you too
Okay, Dave Johnson air. Let's see. What is it? I was born a hundred years ago and they was still calling erases back then
He's amazing. He's just like a machine. You just keep scrolling and just keep cranking out the big bucks cranking out the big money
So anyway, the audience is attacking Hank today. I should have mentioned that too
I he got a told Hank because he's up there with a bell mod
That would have certainly screwed up hangs weekend
Here's a fact by the way Venice Waylar response were our good close friends Sam in there
Sam the promotions man whose idea of promoting all these three radio stations here is to put like stuff in the background of pictures in Miami magazine
Hey, he pointed to me to a thing here in a Ricky Martin article way in the background if you look closely up in real dark
Way in the back. There's the power 96 logo
You can't really see I except with like a magnifying glass and that's our new promotional campaign here
Easily broadcasting because it's cheap
Anyway, Venice Waylar response for Sam
It says I heard you mentioned about the people abused in Venezuela. I myself was on board with my fiance on that flight
tell your idiot friend
That who was on that flight that nobody deserved the treatment they received from events airlines that day
He himself was probably jockeying on oj mcduffy. Well, what does that mean?
He was yanked on oj jocke
Which was all who was also on a flight with other dolphin players my friend was one of the randomly accused along with those
Mommy police officers were sleeping in the back of the plane the lady making the accusation had never entered the back side of the year
Plain until we reach caracas, Venice Waylar the she never the entered the back side
She told official to arrest the whole back side of the plane
Maybe she had another session with the back side the official told her she had a point out the accused passenger
She said then arrest all male passengers in this section to the back
Officials told her again, please relax and put out the individuals. She said she couldn't remember and randomly picked out these 11 men
Has she even bothered to take off to tell the pilot we were loaded and drunk?
I believe the pilot would have handled the situation a lot better
In addition airlines determined mother passengers are fit to fly had events that asked for help with the so-called drunken passengers
Airport police would have stepped in so please tell your butt-looking asshole friend not to make any comment if he doesn't have all the details
Idiotic jerk is what it says here
Stupid idiot is what it says from in reekay not in reekay glacius, but another in reekay whose last name will say for another day
Okay, thank you in reekay. I believe you okay not that I don't believe Sam, but Sam has been known to be a real bull artist
You know
So I believe our friend in reekay plus the fact that his name is in reekay means you can't be all that bad
Okay, especially if he looks good. Yeah, you said you're full of crap Sam
He said you're full of crap and that you should have been the one that was in the whose god
Just that you're one of those see Sam's on the inside because he's a man. He's denying everything
Meaning what?
What of what is that means denying what?
Is he denying that he's an asshole. Oh, no, he admitted to that
Nine minutes past 11 is 560 W. Kimmum having a Friday you
Free drugs tonight. I have free drugs tool tool part-off. Hey, it's tool tool part-off. Hey, it's bus the longest tool
The highest tool
The smallest tool my fellow Americans I stand before you deny part-off growing part-off expanding part-off rising
I reach out line tool to all of you a rock solid part-off
Free drugs tonight. I have three drugs tool tool part-off. Take it tool tool part-off
Take it and ask that we join together and say into the American people take it
Okay, I love a 13 at 560 WQ I am here's two more pages of my fax paper being wasted by George Getz and the libertarian party in Washington
I wasted somebody and maybe we just have to send them a fax back and say stop wasting our fax paper
We hate you people like poison even though sometimes we agree with that. You know forget it
Stop wasting my paper. Why doesn't the libertarian party move to a state where they can be take over the whole state like Delaware
Some little teeny tiny place like maybe Rhode Island
And just take over the whole thing and they can live up there and do their thing and pretend that somebody cares about them
Nobody cares about them. We say Jesse the body for president
I say there's a guy that really there is a man
I'm gonna tell you right now. There's one of the few exceptions that professional wrestling that pansy thing
But there's a guy there's somebody I really admire if you were to come up to me right now
I would say who in this country do you admire today? I would tell you Jesse the body
That's the man he be the man
He has he knows exactly where it's at you know what I'm saying?
Right he knows how to cut through all the bull crap and the bureaucratic horse crap and the hypocritical horse crap all different kinds of
Oh, sorry Peter horse crap Peter's an iodine. By the way
One have I lost that fax. I think I want to save that one
Peter's fax that was one of my all-time favorites
But how did I do with that so much crap and so little time when it's probably hiding under all these arbitrains here
You know the ones that we had the real bad numbers yesterday
But at least one thing around here they don't overreact
I mean they did replace several different people on the staff after numbers came out yesterday, but they don't overreact
Cory statement by the way good luck to you. Cory is starting on Monday and Fort Myers. He's gone
Finds who is young man who realizes that the sports world isn't what the real world is all about
You know that's the one thing I missed yesterday when I had the opportunity. I'll know you know
You always I'm sure you never want to burn your bridges too much especially when you're going to Fort Myers
You know what I'm saying with all the respect to our listeners on the west coast you don't want to burn your bridges right away
But I should have asked him in order express his feelings how he really feels about all the sports nerds and the sports crap because
He's confided in us here that
He finds it detestable and grotesque and unacceptable that there's so many of you people out there that are just
lifeless and so wrapped up in this meaningless
Suage garbage. So now the fact that he's branching out and going to do news over there
Maybe he'll become like a real news guy, you know
I talk about stuff that means something as opposed to a bunch of stupid ball games a bunch of guys running around in tights
So by the way, how Shane Burton doing with those dolphins? How do I shouldn't have said that? How you doing Shane?
WQ I am
Yeah, assistant Roger show
Speaking yeah, this is a mobile from Fort Myers. All right. How you doing good
Let's go to Fort Myers. Hello
Hi, this is this is Fort Myers
I've been listening all of them rip Hank for the last day or two. Yeah, what's that all about all of us?
And they turned on him like a cornered rat. I don't know
But all I know is remember back when Jimmy Johnson was leaving and everybody was crying and moaning and groaning
You picked up the phone and called Hank and he had the store. No, he called us
Well
And everybody thought he was a hero right and then after he does the preteness and
The Kentucky Derby they all calling him up and telling how wonderful that's right. He's on they's on ABC television
He's a national celebrity ESPN ABC
He's bigger than a bread box not as big as he used to be thank God and all of a sudden not a nowhere
Yes, today they last two days they've been ripping him a fat ass
Well, I guess now that I'm got the gust of telling that when they call it they to calling up when they call him up
Tell him how wonderful. Yeah, that's a good poem
You know most of the colors are butlickers and then this one guy they called before which I'm sure you must have heard the claims
That he sat behind me at the hockey game it opened up a mouth
He never opened up his mouth, but not these anonymous on the telephone now he opens up a mouth
That's human nature sure there are a bunch of panties
Well, here's a vote for Hank. All right. Thanks doing a great job. All right
God bless you sir and all our good friends are pizons on the west coast and the Clemens of family in Tessio 2
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
It's easy to pick a guy on a guy when he's down and it's also even easier to pick on a guy when he's out of town rhymes with down
I don't know what it's all about. I have no problem with Hank. Although I wish he would be there a little closer than two o'clock
Maybe it would be good. I mean does make any difference to me, but it would be better for him, you know
Because I find myself as a listener when I get in the car, you know right down there at 201
I'm in the car every day
And if the sports update ends and Hank isn't there and we're hearing that musical and on and on or we're hearing
You know a bunch of little kids sitting around
Papa fight like that. Yeah
I'm saying hey guess what I'm popping my CD in the player there and I'm not gonna wait around for like an hour and a half
And see if I'll have the furniture well for now
But again that she that again comes back to our programming people and of course there too
But you make it up the schedules in there and given the beast lessons on how to do a spot
Does the beast actually be cord spots
Now why do you look at me like that he does actually do spots? I don't know just because he looks like that
He's a boy. He's a one also another is another player than he does do spots
Anybody that's breathing that's on the payroll they do spots
Well just because he looks like a geek doesn't mean he might not have a good voice. Does he have a good voice? No
Does he do a good spot? No, well perfect for us then excellent. You'll fit right in here
He's a good guy and what's this crap with me? You know, I got to tell you one thing about Cory Cory
Sabin's a good guy really mean this now that he's gone
I mean yeah, if he were still here, I could say it would sound insincere
But he came in here yesterday during a break when we were all saying goodbye and wishing him good luck
And he says you know when you've heard before you started here
Everybody was all terrified that we were coming to work over on his station
And given us all a bunch of crap about what a bastard you were and about all these terrible things to expect
And then when you came over here we found out you're a great guy, you know
And then I collect this morning I come in here and right away. I'm sitting here first of all
I got my glasses off. Okay, I'm reading something in the paper
I'm clipping a few things out and like the door opens and it was guilty out there and the beast
I got news for it. It could have been
Jack and Jill for all I know because without my glasses. I can't see who's there, you know
So I do notice I handed it so I wave back like but kind of indifferent because I don't know who it is
Next thing two minutes later
Donald B Brennan is walking in here. Oh, what's the matter? You're in a bad mood today. Everybody says you're in a bad mood
I better watch the way I carry myself around here because even my body language if I like
Well, sorry Peter if I like fart the wrong flavor like oh geez in a bad mood today better stay away
If you don't greet people the right way, but Linda. Why ever cut any every day you know
I count exactly the same every day is the same
I'm like a look kind of half awake. Yeah, be in any warm up a little bit people grief themselves a little bit more warmly here
Especially in the morning show
Yeah, because they've been up for hours already. I'm just getting the cobwebs out of my head
You got to do more than just a nod, you know, you got to like hug and squeeze one day some of it. There's another thing. Okay
Yeah
At least once
Let's get serious already whether you people are so that you're right. They're very uptight around here
Like if you don't and the interesting part of it is talk about hypocritical
We got a whole bunch of people usually it's the power 96 folks who don't even speak to us
Who won't even look at us because we're like a m people? We're not good enough for them much a little punks
Much a little sour punks. Okay, you can suck my fat ass
God
But the very sensitive you know of course they hear a lot of stuff and then they all run out and buy a candle lie saw before I came here
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless languages. We do a little screenless today
Which so far has been sensational especially that one color that you wanted to blow off which I'm embarrassed for you
That was the best call of the century. It was great
You said the Ricky Martin is licking la pingo loco something like that
WQ I am
Hi, yes sir Neil Rogers hockey god
Speaking this is the puck head with the deep cup. I haven't called you since the 96 playoffs. I need help you have the deep one back
the deep cup
Yeah, okay. How do we get the name stew barns on that cup?
Because any possible way no no
How about foursburg breaks new and dice legs and get suspended for 10 games that might do it
Okay, on Hank the problem is don't sit on Hank. Oh go ahead. I'm just kidding. Come on. Let's don't lighten up a little bit
You're not you sound morbid sounds suicidal you must know that Colorado or Dallas will sweep off low and poor but anyway
Okay, oh too much hockey there you go again. Sorry. It's from seeing Hank on TV
I think and hearing the story of him dating
Miss Indiana even if I hear it 28 times. I'm not gonna believe it the man. I'm sorry, but he looks like
Frog has been run over bloated with glasses. That's incredible to me. Incredible. Yeah, just just imagining him in any kind of
position is
Very well, let me ask you this could you imagine your parents in any kind of position?
No, but they don't tell me stories about Miss Indiana. Oh
Well, that's a good point. Maybe they maybe they did miss Indiana. You better go ask him. Okay, pal. Let us know the answer
Maybe his parents were had like a little a minasha or a quadro with
Hank and Miss Indiana
567 I mean there ain't this business of not being able to envision
Everybody I know nobody could possibly ever envision their parents having sex even once
Even one the thought of it just like that peeping through the keyhole thing
You know, it's a cute bit, but but the concept there is so gruesome and grotesque and
Most people you see when I was small now. Maybe I'm not the only person to ever thought this
I I used to think when I first discovered what sex was all about. I used to think that sex was for me and people who look good
You follow what I'm saying ugly people certainly because sex was too exciting and too
Whatever it felt too good. It had to be only for me and for people look good
Which I didn't look really good, but I know I could do it
So must be maybe I'm the exception and people who were good looking could have sex ugly people of course it was
Not for them. She isn't that interesting. I
Have a sip of an accordion slip on the chair
If she would have been wearing a 40 and slip maybe the chair wouldn't have been so
Soiled but at any rate
See, I'm not the only person who ever thought that
I mean most people can you actually envision
Like Luciano Pavarote can you imagine him mounting
Mount Everest anything no
Ricky Martin. Can you imagine him down there on the bottom five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line
WQ I am
Pretty good. Sure. I got a my car. We start report. Who my cool my car. We
My car. We yes, who is
Who is who is Ricky Martin? Who is my car. We
Who's Ricky Martin some
Uh, all right
You get that okay, who's Ricky Martin you better get one that's your Ricky Martin is bigger than god Jesus Moses and Charlton has been put all together
She's a gigantic. She's mammoth. She's bigger than the guy the anti-tank. She's bigger than Leo de capriose
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's here somewhere WQ a. I'm hello
Good morning. You know, how are you today great?
Uh, when there was Michael just moved uh, didn't Michael Harvey by any chance?
No, no, no, no, okay just moved here about a year ago to Florida and uh, love your show
I just want to I wanted to ask a serious question go right ahead
Uh, those three boys who were captured in uh, the soldiers in Yugoslavia right
They were tortured beaten and then they were sent home after Jesse Jackson did his magic. Yes. Are they are they done with the army now?
Because you don't hear or they have to go back and serve. I mean you go into the army. It's not like you get captured as now you done
Uh, I really don't know what happened. I know they came back and they had ticketate parades and they're giving them a period of time to like readjust their lives
I don't know what somebody can call and tell us. I don't know. I'd like to know the answers to that
I mean, they should go. I mean what happens in the ms. terrible, but
It's not like you get a magic eraser that they can get out right?
All right, that's all I wanted to know. Somebody will know. Okay, thanks
Probably will know the answers. Yeah, I want to those people that mix the up and I don't know which most most things I don't know
Which is why I fit in well in this town because generally speaking no matter what you ask in this town the answer is
I don't know right
So it fits in perfectly
By the way, guess I got out of Vegas just in time shooting in Las Vegas supermarket kills four
I guess four people took a bullet for Christ in the supermarket in Las Vegas from this ex-Marines
Because the military by the way
Zane Floyd 23 who was honorably discharged from the reins of camp out in the California last July and worked part time as a
Bouncer at a bar was arrested for investigation and were to walked into a supermarket and just very casually and calmly right at
Point blank range killed four employees and critically wounded one other one
It took the big one for Christ
As the American obsession with the shooting up everybody else just continues
It's just part of the American fn. Way and that's just the way it is, okay?
You don't like it then you're gonna have to find a civilized country living which this is not
26 after 11 to 5 60 WQM. It's got a party. What a what a
You're a wonder
Wow
Haven't right
Oh
To central
It's
I mean, no, he walks.
Stop.
Well, yeah, yeah.
That's what we live for.
We're all about to teach you to get help.
Stop.
Well, good character.
Wish I was the Jedi.
Bring on the Salt River.
See, I want to change course on this, too.
I was thinking about this the other day.
The Star Wars business.
If you like it, more power to you.
Who cares?
I mean, yes, there was a lot of hype.
But the people, if they can make the hype,
they do the hype because that's how they make all that money.
If you like it, if you were entertained by it, if you enjoyed it,
who cares?
Great.
Why does everybody have to get all so bad out of shape about,
and it's like music, you know, like George is always bitching me out
because he thinks I have bad taste in music.
I don't really care.
I have no interest.
It makes no difference to me whatsoever.
You can think my taste is the worst in the world.
I know something.
I'm still going to listen to what I like.
Whether you like it or not.
Show me the meaning of being no man.
You can tell me for all the money in the world that that's a mediocre song.
I'm going to tell you it's going to be the biggest song of the year.
That will be the next single from that album.
It will be number one half.
You mark my words just like I told you over a year ago that they'd be around bigger
than ever a year from now.
And here, sure enough, here they are with the number one album in the world.
They're very great company.
Whether you like them or not.
That's not the point.
The point is whatever you like, you like it.
If you like the Nellie screen.
Just because I say it sucks, you're not going to stop eating the Nellie screen unless you're a lemon.
Unless you can have a different point of view.
But if you like Star Wars, you thought it was great.
Great.
What do you care what anybody else say?
What the critics say?
I never go to see a movie because the critics said it was great or bad or indifferent.
What do I care?
I mean, do you ever take a look at that Gene Schalleth?
I thought him and Avery Schreiber would say first.
The same person, right?
Hiding behind a big mustache that went out with Jerry Kallona 50 years ago.
Who cares what they have to say?
Gene Siskel, him I did like, but of course he's dead, so I can't count on him anymore.
He's dead.
God damn, Iver, Roger Iver, he's still alive, damn it.
Not that I wish him any ill, but like I said at the time, if one of them had to die, we took a poll on it.
I think almost everybody would have said it would have been that fat Iver guy.
That bitch.
But unfortunately, but again, God, he worked in a serious way.
We got to question God because we have to take a crap for Christ or something like that.
I still think that's a good idea.
For example, if you're an out crowded elevator and you like one seeps out, then everybody knows that it's you.
Just say, hey, I just cut one for Christ.
Cut one for the Lord.
Oh, sorry Peter, oh Peter's an IOD again.
He's a national public radio listening to Sudo and lecture radio.
Peter the head, that great facts.
Thank you Peter, I'll keep those things in mind.
All the rest of my life.
WQAN.
How you doing?
Great.
Good.
I just wanted to make my personal comment on hang fashion because you know as well as I do, Neil, that these blood suckers are going to get on hang show and they're going to talk, oh hang here the greatest show in the world.
Not only that, they're going to call them up on Monday and say, oh boy, Neil was your ripenue.
I have a ripenue at all.
The callers are the ones that are all I did yesterday would say the ratings were in the crapper.
And of course, well you didn't defend this Neil, I never said you did.
I understand that, I'm just telling you what they're going to say.
Well, it doesn't seem your clams that people do that.
I mean they come on this show and they talk a lot of, you know, crap.
Thank you.
And hang, hang, okay, hang, not exactly the most interesting person all the time, but the guy is an knowledgeable guy.
Right, sports show.
And that's what the format is and if you don't like it, turn a damn down.
Right.
Geez, Louise.
Exactly.
I mean it really does because I like hang and I don't say I agree with him all the time.
But I'm not going to say this is your stupid one.
I'm actually here for two hours bashing the dude.
Yeah.
Come on man.
I don't know where this came from.
It sounds like a setup to me.
You know what it is?
It's probably all 10 of the book Daniel's people call it and hopefully that will blow him off the air.
So maybe she'll have a little easier ride, you know.
Maybe she can get up to a one four, but I doubt it.
And you're also right about, you know, George's music, I hate to tell him, is alright, but it's not that great.
Flocco Seagulls is not exactly on the top 10 list of my favorite.
Yeah, clock is a clock of Seagulls.
There you go.
He does.
Clock is crap.
That's all the 80s garbage.
Yeah, that would be interesting.
Well George, come on.
I mean, how long has that been all year?
Oh no, the way it meant he had him using it.
I love a Miller side.
Didn't you want 80s show and you think that's my music?
Yeah.
Go back and listen to the bass treat, go with me.
I mean, I'm just talking the truth, okay?
I'm just talking the truth.
More power to you.
Don't bash the bass.
I don't like music.
He has the way to listen to the bass.
I didn't say he didn't have the right to listen to it.
He's got crappy taste and he knows it.
No, I don't.
I have crappy taste.
That's Greg Rupes telling me in the albums.
Exactly.
No accounting for tasting the world.
How many is garbage selling?
Oh yeah, he's in the garbage.
The garbage is great.
Come on, man.
Okay, pal.
Thank you very much.
I think garbage summed it up well.
And have a great day.
Yeah, you like garbage.
I mean, you know, it's just a country.
If you like garbage, more power to you.
It's really nice and hot.
Oh yeah.
And Marilyn Manson's real hot.
Just asked those two kids in, oh, they're not around anymore.
For the dogs and dogs.
And from the heart to the beast.
In a train, they're out.
So far to believe.
Walk with me and me and I can't lie.
But anyway, see, you can argue about things like that.
It's like arguing about ice cream flavors.
And by the way, thank God, too.
I had a perfect day yesterday.
Oh, day in a row.
And so far this morning.
And thanks to my good friends at Dunkin' Donuts, by the way.
At least those guys got a sense of humor.
Although when they see me, they're terrified.
What is wrong with those guys?
It's not just them.
No, no, but them where I have never in my life.
And they're not used to you yet.
They're getting acclimated.
Donald B. Brennan tries to lighten them up.
Every time I walk by them in a hall, every Friday morning,
he comes up with some funny line.
And I'll always give him a funny response.
But these two guys sit there and they're terrified.
Like God, Zilloges walked down the hall.
Just because I said last week that you made me a thing that was 10 times too big,
with too much grease.
And I said here with a heartburn all day, dying from it.
Now this morning, I had something that was a lot smaller.
And it was delicious.
It was great.
So thanks to our good friends from Duncan Donuts.
But I mean, Jesus, lighten up a little bit, okay?
Man, I'm serious.
What is everybody so terrified of?
Thank God we got some people around here that aren't so terrified.
I come all the way in there and sit right down and park themselves right in there every day.
Like every Monday and Thursday, right?
Thank God for them.
Of course, those phone calls that they make those out going,
you know, to try to prove a point.
We believe it already, okay?
We're convinced.
20, you ever hear the term, I don't want to say?
I'll say it.
Plus you look.
22 before noon at 560 WQM.
Holy macken on!
This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority of Neil God.
Tonight, it's cops.
Inventful being your dunks, country.
I'm just cops, cops, cops.
What you gonna do?
What you gonna do when the carriage comes for you?
And hello there, Jim Dyer.
Hello, Officer Hezokow.
Say, uh, what brings you up to my little boat?
Well, we got us some reports of some fussing and abutin' in these airpods.
Uh, yes, Hezokow.
My shame to admit that my wife, Sarah, exposed part of our ankle.
Wow, that's no good, Hussey.
I've got me a good mind to put her in the socks and give her 40 lashes.
Well, that would be a good idea, but then there wouldn't be anyone to milk the cow.
Yep, women.
There, the reason we're all going to hell.
Oh, yep.
Well, I gotta get back to plowin' the field.
We'll get in.
I guess I'll be gettin' back to the barn, Raisin' Hezokow.
I'm his cop, I'm his cop.
What you gonna do?
What you gonna do when the shacks will you?
That's tonight.
Uncops.
Inventful being your dunks, country.
Okay, 17 till noon at 5'60 WQM.
That's interesting.
You look back at last spring.
That's what I want to look at.
Yeah, look at that.
We dropped from a 6.2 in the first in the winter book to a 5.0 in the second book,
10 to 3.
We had a 4.8 in the first trend.
So it goes to show it happens every year.
April, Arbor, Toronto, some of whatever reason.
I think they're sampling that to do it.
They go back to the same people every book.
So the fall and the winter, they get back to our audience.
And then the summer in the spring, it's like, oh, sorry, Peter.
Peter's listening to WNBR, NPR, whatever that is, PR now.
5'670560, POM 560 on the AT&T Rottles Line.
He wants to hear very important discussions of critical world matters
so we can solve them here on the video.
Like, what's wrong with a human-epping race?
I mean, you know, it's fun to debate about movies and about books and about things like that
and about music and who likes this.
But I mean, people get down right hostile and start screaming and yelling at you.
It's iconic about it.
If you liked it, great.
Spend your 5 or 6 bucks.
Go out and see it.
Have a good time.
And who cares?
Keeps you off the street.
WQAM.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how's it going today?
All right.
Listen to me, George is an A-hole.
Why is that?
OK, thanks.
Well, I guess it's just a quick point.
He said, he's an asshole.
And that was it.
Not any particular reason to back it up.
5'670560 and POM 560 on the AT&T Rottles Line.
How come NANDs don't get any calls, by the way?
I feel so bad about that because he's such a genius.
He's such a comic.
He's such a wacko.
He's such a maniac.
He's such a one-in-a-billion.
And he comes on his station.
And I know he denies it.
But I hear him pumping those numbers yet.
What was the light he kept using yesterday?
We've got some room in the AT&T here, you know?
And he was pumping the numbers frantically and furiously.
Even Kathy Willis has never been pumped that fast or that furiously.
And it wasn't working too well.
But then again, that's the sports crowd here on QAM.
Unless you're talking about who do you like in that vassar Wichita State?
Unless it's either that or it's a very young Florida Gator team.
As long as I live, I'll never forget that call.
This was an adult.
A guy old enough to know better.
Serious.
He was very serious about this.
Like this was something important.
WQAM.
Yeah, George is an A-hole.
Okay, thanks.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Did you buy any chance?
This sounds chronic.
Who's this?
This is one of the chronic's.
It couldn't be.
Yeah.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wallace line.
No chronic's.
Screenless or not.
Okay.
In fact, that makes it even better.
Seems you have it away down hold for a long time because believe me, you'll be at this
like our good friend Andy from Hollywood, when our first one or two calls this morning.
Who's on there for what?
About a half a second.
Yeah.
And then sends me a stupid and stupid facts.
Guess what?
We still hate you like poison.
When I say we, I mean the whole world.
Okay.
Andy, don't take it personally unless you want to.
That was probably one of his boyfriends.
One of you call it said, you know, he was sitting behind me at the hockey game.
Because all the people that I meet at the hockey game, happy to be a pretty nice people.
Generally speaking, except for Mitch and Andy.
WDQAM.
Let's keep ripping Hank.
Neil, I'll tell you what, I don't like about Hank.
Go ahead.
You can say whatever you want, pal.
I opened this up yesterday to find out what the people like.
Here's what I hate.
What they despise.
He's not.
I mean, you don't have to be perfectly knowledgeable on every sport.
But if somebody calls up and debates him or has a contrary opinion to his, he talks down to men.
I really don't care about it.
You don't know, aren't you?
You do listen.
Well, you know what?
It's kind of like by the fall because I'm not going to listen to the battling broke.
Yeah.
But I will say this.
He talks down to you.
You know, if you say something, he'll talk down to you.
And I really don't care about when his father wrote sports in 1910.
Who cares?
Yeah.
I mean, it's like bring up stories.
As far as a manage goes, I hate to say it.
But nobody cares about what the dolphins, rookies are doing and they're underwear out there in the rain.
And these people call it, well, they're rookies, look.
I think we do have people in this audience who do care about the countries they're doing in their underwear, yeah.
It's kind of pretty good.
Not everything to do with football, but.
They call themselves the sports station, but it's only one sport.
Yeah, but so in other words, you're blaming the host for that.
How about the audience?
I mean, these guys are not here.
Oh, this is the audience because that's all the people down here know how to talk about it.
They don't know anything about sports.
This isn't the sports town.
That's why I'm telling you it's a miracle that this station gets any numbers at any time because there are no sports fans out here.
You're the main magnet for the ratings.
The main magnet, right?
Magnet.
Right.
But you know, the way it is is you're just looking when you weren't there, they had that fat sports slob.
Yeah.
They owe points in midday.
They owe minus column.
That's correct.
And they had no money coming in.
And they had that scrawny moron, the hockey moron on here.
And they were like, you know, he couldn't tell.
I mean, you can't talk about the marlins because it's so pathetic.
There's no interest.
I mean, absolutely not.
I mean, scanning around last night, it happened to just look at the game.
Yeah.
And over like a blink.
It's like, there's like 15 people in there.
Why don't you even bought an open up to the stadium for?
No, I don't know.
I saw about a half an inning last night just by default because there was nothing on.
And to me to be honest with you, it said 15,000 in other papers this morning.
I actually thought there were more than that.
Okay.
I guess I'm used to seeing them completely empty stadium.
Well, maybe there was no school today.
So that's why it showed like a concentrated area where there actually were a few people sitting around.
I think what they do is they get they borrow the cardboard from Alex Beniccio.
They take people in the audience.
Yeah.
I think that's what it is.
Okay. I think I saw Alex there.
Okay. I have a great day.
I'm on the way to Toronto.
All right.
See ya.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Well, that guy's going to Toronto.
Probably see him on church street.
So what were you just saying?
There is those cool today.
Yes, there is.
No.
Well, how come the lights were flashed?
Now come here to slow down on the I've derrived that.
Sorry.
There's a mistake.
Oh, maybe it's in Dave County.
There's a school.
No, I think there is.
I think there is in Dave, but not in Broward.
I know there's no school in Broward.
But at any rate, speaking of that school zone, I'm going to tell you right now.
I realize this is personal, but I'm sure there are other people out there have the same experience.
I'm not a goody-two-shoes.
I don't drive real real fast.
Even though I got a car that'll go real fast.
I don't drive real slow.
That's for damn sure.
But I'm one of those people who will come to a school zone just out of common sense.
Not only not wanting to get a ticket, but just out of common sense that there's a reason to slow down here.
And especially if it's not a school zone, it goes on for like seven blocks.
Some of them are ridiculous.
But the one there on I've derrived is a short school zone.
As soon as you go under that bridge there, under the overpass or over the underpass or whatever that thing is, coming from the stadium.
There's the thing that says school in a road and you slow it out of 15.
And it's like for a block and a half.
It's not a big deal.
And every morning of my life, I come to work and I get to where it in the road.
It says school zone where it officially starts.
And I hit the brakes and I slow it out of 15 miles an hour.
And some ass hole behind me goes zooming around me to the right like they're in a big ass hurry.
And I'm thinking you mother scratching idiot.
And then of course they get about another few yards ahead and all of a sudden they look all like everybody else is going 15.
And they have to slow it out too.
But some of them are even so obnoxious.
They're like leaving it in out like maybe like 25.
15 don't mean 25, okay?
You idiots.
God.
Just unbelievable.
And thank God that the aporkas out there are doing a really great job.
Not.
Not.
Never ever see the people who are doing the most aberrant things like that guy on 830-60 other day coming back from the airport.
Nearly killed this poor bastard.
Driving on the shoulder in a lane that didn't exist.
Hauling ass on the shoulder.
And bumping this poor guy in and like flying all over the middle of the road and then like just a miracle that 10 people didn't get killed.
Including me.
Nice going Jackass.
Get back on your banana boat with your 85 relatives there and get out of here and let us live.
God.
WQAM.
I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey Neil, how's it going?
Great.
Listen I love it when you announced that you're going on vacation because it saves me the frustration of having to look in the George on the radio.
Okay thanks.
WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey same thing happens to me.
There's a school zone by my house that's from 7 to 8 in the morning and 4 to 4 30 in the afternoon.
It's around 4 o'clock, 415.
And I hear I come up to the school zone.
It's on castry.
And the person behind me and it never felt just like you every day and they're waving their arms and when they cast you they look at you like you've done something wrong.
Oh really?
No, I do the opposite.
I always give them a dirty look like what is wrong with you?
You aberrant, law-breaking piece of dirt with no breathing ahead.
I'd like to get it so I can't catch it because they're going for a damn fast.
They say hey look, you know, I hope your kid wouldn't come out across the street there.
Right.
And when you had mentioned about the guy going through the light the other day,
that you were fumbling for something.
Right.
And your pen too.
Right.
That happens to me too, like the next day I was sitting in a light and I drive a truck trailer and you phrase people like me.
You know, I heard a road, you know, you should ride with me one day.
And I was getting ready to put a gear and shift gears, man.
And two seconds, just be up truck with the bumper hanging down just flying right through.
It's unbelievable the way these people drive.
And I've been out here 37 years and I've been driving a truck trailer for a last 10.
And it's like these roads are unbelievable.
I don't know where they come from.
You know, they said they pass that law with the inspections.
I don't know if that's gone through yet because I'm going to get my car expected.
But they should bring back the regular inspection.
Right.
You sound like they used to have here.
Not completely do that.
They would make too much sense.
You're right.
They have your photos blowing up on you.
And, you know, everybody's all been out of shape of course because of this American Airlines crash.
So accidently they had a little rock and nine people getting killed and several other people get injured.
But, but, and I'm not that, like I told you the other day when I came back from Vegas,
I flew MD 80s from Vegas to Dallas and Dallas to here and I hate those planes.
Hate them.
But, I feel a hell of a lot safer every time I get into plane than I do in my car.
That would not even close, not even a contest.
I'd rather be in a commercial jet any day of the week flying to anywhere than driving on the roads of this town.
No contest.
Because there are a lot of crazy people out there and they're like, they're stone, they're, they're clueless, they're stupid, they're all of the above.
And they're driving.
That's Florida for you baby.
They're driving.
They're 100 years old.
They're, uh, period over the steering wheel.
They're blind.
They're deaf.
They're dumb.
They're driving.
And the reason that it happens is because like everything else in the state, nobody cares.
You know that?
It's kind of like QAM.
We're kind of like the epitome of the state of Florida.
Nobody gives a crap.
So whatever goes down, that's what happens.
And that's it.
You know, and then everybody rings their hands and talks a lot.
We're going to do this.
We're going to do that.
And which they never do.
And it just continues to go on.
And it continue right in speeding tickets on high-atiss road, et cetera.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And by the way, speaking of high-atiss road, if you've cops out there on plantation, want to do all my good friends out there,
want to do something constructive, how about sitting a little bit closer off the side of the road to the intersection of sunrise and hiatus?
I'm the south side of it there.
And nailing those bastards who keep running the light and endangering all of our lives.
I'll tell you one thing.
Here's my advice to anybody that travels in that area.
You better count to one and a two.
Do a little Lawrence Welk when you get to that stoplight.
Okay.
When it turns green for you, one and a two and a three.
And look both ways before you even think about hitting the gas.
Because that is suicide alley, that intersection right there.
And they just come running a myth.
I never even would dream of going through there unless I've looked both ways and make sure that these assholes have stopped.
They figure, you know, if the lights red, but they're like 50 yards away, it gives them a good running start to beat the light, even though it's been read for two seconds.
Murderers, that's what you are. You're a bunch of murderers.
WQAM.
I like speaking.
I got a theory.
Everybody down here thinks they're a NASCAR.
They drive at 95. They don't just pass you, right?
They come right up on your bumper and they go right around you like they're at NANES.
And the people of these kids nowadays, they're cool.
They're sitting in these cars.
The seats all the way back.
The back seat. They might as well take the front seat out into the back seat.
Unbelievable. Drive me crazy.
Hey, listen. I'm coming home from the track the other night on Wednesday night.
And I get, you know, I'm coming to eat Weston sunrise.
And there's a couple of kids, teenagers in the car next to me.
And they're like, hey, I'm going to be in a Toyota Celica or something like, you know, some marginal car.
And we get to the stop light.
And of course, being in my 99 vet, I take off and I'm 50 yards up the road ahead of them.
So now, and I'm going 52, 53 on sunrise, which is a little more in the speed limit, but not crazy.
They come rolling up behind me and go flying by.
They're going like 90 to prove how hot they are.
And they're in a Celica for crying out loud.
What do they have to prove to me? I can go 92.
And they're like flying.
So we get to the next light and again, light turns red.
I take off. I'm 50 yards and they pull the same crap again.
And I'll tell you, I bet you're trying to...
I am rattling from their speakers, right?
I am so impressed.
I can't begin to tell you how impressed I am.
I see people are jerks, man. It's driving me crazy.
Thanks a lot.
Good luck, pal. I'm happy.
Assholes behind the wheel of cars.
That's our topic this year.
This century. Assholes and cars.
And speaking of assholes, by the way, I don't want to tell you it's warm in here, but I'm spitting up a storm.
That's how warm it isn't here.
I'm going to take a look myself.
That must be me.
73.5. It's beautiful in here.
That's okay here.
It's what?
It's okay in here.
Yeah, it's okay. It's just... it must be me.
What is it?
Oh, I think I'm going to have to go home.
Four minutes before noon. It's 5.50 WQM.
You know what?
WQM.
I am in my head.
Food, water, fail.
Oh, J. Got to wait with birds and rain is warm.
I'm so white and new in your friend.
Oi!
Now we hear him say he's thinking about building to my early way.
He thinks he'll blend in.
Go back!
Go back!
Go back to hell with you, baby.
Go back!
Go back!
Go back to hell with you, baby.
Go back, OK?
We need going to a next floor, on two feet, on three feet.
Jack, come off the edge of the Arctic as long as you can.
What you say to me?
You whistler!
I'm here to go, man.
I'm the damn idiot, you whine ass!
What's been the first time I got away with this?
Go back!
Go back!
Go back!
Go back!
Go back!
Go back!
I'm back to the back, get me butter, but welcome to me to that neighborhood.
OK, it's 1202 at 560 W.
I mean he came, we got Mad Dog Mandage for Hank 2 to 6 to 7.
I sure hope he gets some calls, you know?
I mean this guy before that was Rip and Mandage, I don't get it.
I mean I realize it's more fun, rip everybody, me included, whoever you want.
That's more fun than ask, at least to me.
I don't like ask, it's boring.
But Rip and Mad Dog Mandage, I mean let's get serious.
That's like Rip and the Lord, that's like Rip and Jesus and Moses and Madeline O'Hara,
or she and two into it.
Here's the fact that it says, with all due respect to Hank, the only problem I have with him is that he's conceded at times.
I'm not going to give, how about the name dropping, does that bother anybody?
I love Hank, but I mean the name dropping I could live without.
You know, like I was having breakfast with Ron Fraser this morning, but you know I know Ron Fraser
and I've had many meals with Ron Fraser over the years, although it's long ago,
back in my U of M Hurricane baseball days, but I don't want to say, you know, back in Omaha,
Ron Fraser and I were having dinner one night and Skip Berkman was set at the end of the table
and he said, you know, you don't want to say that?
I have to do find a little bit put offing.
Is there such a word as off-putting?
Anyway, I'm not going to give any examples because I don't want to add to the bashing, especially when he's out of town.
Hank is very knowledgeable and insightful.
I particularly enjoy his discussions during football season, recently I've been tuning to Power 96 at the conclusion of your show.
Now, what does that mean?
Oh, that's not football season.
In addition, Neil, I know you're not very fond of cruise ships.
No.
No, but in two weeks I'll sail to the Caribbean.
I too will lose money to Casino, but it's one to year, so why not?
Finally George is not an asshole.
He's pleasant to listen to while you're gone.
Have a great weekend, Mike.
There you go.
Nice going, Mike. Good facts. He's a kiss in everybody.
Although, that's a little peculiar.
Hank is very intelligent and insightful, but at two o'clock he turns to Power 96.
Oi!
Well, we like that.
For the throw, Ken has.
Yeah, they like that over at Power 96.
My best close personal friend, Kid Curry, who said, by the way, that Anna Squeak did have a big ass.
And also said that Enrique Iglesias loves me like you wouldn't believe.
Okay, he said somebody brought up Howard's name at the dinner.
Did he tell you that part of it?
And Enrique got incense and got up and just punched out on his back.
He just punched out and spattened his post and said, are you crazy?
Howard couldn't lick Neil's rectum.
That's a boy Enrique.
Gotta stand up for your man, sweetheart.
I'll see you about 730.
How come I never get to meet any of these people?
You know, they're always big fans from a distance.
They always keep their distance.
Well, if your mom wouldn't keep screwing up the deal that they try to do with you.
Oh, it's not hockey. He's not interested in slam.
Yeah.
That the worst thing in my life, you know, I mean, I appreciate my mother comes and takes care of the dogs when we're away on vacation.
That's very nice. It's wonderful. I don't know what I would do without her.
But, but she makes decisions, you know, like, and she's like, and are not hers to make.
First she kills your dog.
Then she kills her child.
That was the whole one.
Yeah.
I'm sure that one of these days will come back from vacation to say, you know, the dogs weren't looking too good.
I had my dogs put the sleep.
What do you mean, your dog?
Well, you know, yeah.
They weren't looking too good. They were kind of a pain in the ass.
And so, you know, they're sleeping with the fishes now.
But your house, you know, it's helping the houses.
You see that nice plant in the other room?
Your dogs are head to put the sleep.
But how do you like the way I, you know, iron your shirts?
Stuff like that.
You don't know what's going on in your house.
Because that's right.
I don't know what's going on in my house.
But the thing with Enrique's secretary calling my house to personally invite me to his concert
and Enrique is sitting right there next to the secretary.
And my mother says, oh, I don't know what this is about.
But if it's not about a hockey, he's not interested.
And she slams the phone down.
Is that incredible?
WQIN?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, El?
Great.
Last night I was skipping through the channels.
I happened to run into Channel 7, which I never watched.
Oh, yeah.
Rick the Porker Sanchez was sitting there talking about how they have the exclusive on the home
that OJ is looking at in my end.
Oh, great.
You know, it makes me sick, man.
They still give this asshole so much attention.
They have nothing better to do on Channel 7 than go through every house that he's been looking at.
He's an asshole.
OK, thanks for the good news, sir.
Yeah, exploiting the hysterical.
That's what the media does.
That's all they do, including CNN and Fox News Network and MSNBC, especially.
That's all they do is take an exploit and exploit their love in it.
Every time there's a mass murder, they just, they're felling from it.
They're rubbing their hands together from it.
And then they go on there and they doodifully put on a big act like, oh, this was so horrible.
And they're indignant and outraged.
They're loving it.
They're squeezing it.
WQAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Uh, OJ, did you hear on the OJ move?
OJ, what?
OJ Simpson.
Did I hear one?
Considering to move to Coconut Grove.
No.
Yes, Scott kicked out of Winston Hill.
I believe the name of it was.
Uh-huh.
Didn't know that I'm in.
Yeah.
Here's a mighty call.
Okay, thanks.
He's considering moving to the road.
That's a bullet, isn't it?
No.
We had that on what about 10 weeks ago?
It is getting warm in here.
It's not just me.
It's just clammy in here.
It's clammy.
It is.
It's not comfortable in here.
I don't want to start complaining too much, but I will anyway.
Even though Greg Reid is a wife hates me like poison.
That was a very, I learned a lot here yesterday.
That was good.
I'm glad that that Julio guy, my good amigo out there called him and gave me the loadout.
So Greg likes you, but it's why he paints you like poison.
I don't really care.
Because the last guy worked for Buddy, what Paxton?
His wife hated me like poison too, and then they paid me off seven months not to work anymore.
So let's see, I got what, three years and how many months left on this deal?
That sounds good.
All right.
I'm counting it already.
Don't need $50.
WQAM.
I come back to my rectum.
WQAM.
I do.
Uh-huh.
Tony Voice.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey Neil, Colin from God for taking four miles.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
A little comment about mad dogs.
See this is good, but you don't have to put you on hold them up.
You're a phone bill this way.
Exactly right.
I appreciate it.
A little comment about mad dogs.
I think, you know, he's very entertaining, but I believe that the NFL still pulls his puppet strings.
I mean, he just fits out exactly what the NFL higher up say every day and all the coaching.
I think, you know, it's a conservative organization, and I just don't agree with a lot of the things they think about.
I don't believe it.
Yeah.
For instance, you know, five, ten years ago, it was unheard of to have a player play both ways.
You know, and now...
I think five, ten years ago, there were a lot of players that went both ways.
Yeah, more ways than one.
Right.
But today, they're drafting people because of that.
You know, Camp Bailey, and you got your Deon Sanders clones out there.
But why are you debating that with me?
I mean, I really couldn't care less.
I thought we were making comments about the different person.
No, no, that's about Mandage, yeah, but I mean, I don't want to give them the specifics of what you disagree about.
You know, you can debate that with him.
Well, I disagree with his fact that he seems like a...
NFL Shulas, that what you're trying to say?
Maybe.
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
Have a great weekend, sir.
God bless you.
I have two stuff right now.
Good. He'll be here at two o'clock to debate that with him.
He'll be glad to debate with you.
He's not one of those guys that slams the phone down on you right away, and bitches you out and cusses and carries on,
even though we did go to Michigan.
In spite of that, he still listens.
He's still a kind of guy who can have a discussion with not like my good friend Ed Kaplan that slams the phone down if you look at him cross-eyed.
Oh, and by the way, I forgot to mention that yesterday.
When did I leave the track?
I get in the car.
Eddie DeKey is on with his gambling show.
The very first caller.
Talk about a psychic vibration.
Says, is it true that you play with yourself while the new Roger show is on?
And it says, why?
He says, yeah, he nailed today.
He said that you and he were lovers.
Gay lovers.
Oh, I got news for you.
Okay. Ed's a good guy.
But anybody ever see Ed Kaplan?
Uh-huh.
Come on.
He's a great guy, but give me a little bit of credit.
Nine minutes after noon in 560 WQM on a...
Kaplan!
On for radio!
I'm Smith CWQ!
Why two games?
We don't stop.
And all the tutors go outside.
Why two games?
We don't stop.
Everybody's gonna die.
People will panic.
We're burning the pie.
There's a red side in a magazine.
In a comic book store world.
If you believe we could see Ed's got no world.
And he's on market, scratching up that.
I think the many of them won't die.
What's happening over here?
Couple of pain at 560 WQM.
Miami-Dade Cuba Policy Threatens Event.
Here's something new in original.
Oh!
The July 9th to 11th, Junior Pan American Games Track and Field
Championships at FIU are a jeopardy being moved or canceled
if Cuba decides to compete.
The Miami-Dade Commission recently opposed any direct or indirect
county supports and sporting events, including this summer's track and field
championships, if Cuban athletes participate.
Indoor Cuba Sports Federation has until June 25th to decide whether
it will compete.
Controversial decision could also affect soft Florida's bid to host the 2007
Pan American Games and Florida's bid to host the 2012 Olympic Games.
How do you like that?
Dade County has effectively ruined any chances of hosting a major
international sporting events at Robin Beaman, Executive Director of the
USA Track and Field Florida Association.
This will have ramifications throughout the US Olympic Committee and
International Limiter Athletic Association.
This will have ramifications for the US period.
How do you like that?
There's one more time.
This is a sterical attempt to keep pandering to a bunch of people at
one-leven stone age.
And oh, by the way, I forgot to mention last week and I'm glad that I did.
Do you see the poll on CNN?
I forget what the number was, but a very significant number.
The highest percentage ever, favor opening diplomatic relations with Cuba.
Oi!
How do you like that?
A survey obviously not taken in Dade County.
5670560, pound 560, honorable one line.
Well, I'll tell you what, let's start jamming up the streets, okay, in block and traffic.
Thanks for the good news.
Your buddy again.
Boy, he's persistent, all he never gets on here.
Boy, was that because Southern Bell is crazy?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
What?
They're working on it.
They're too late.
Good.
5670560, pound 560, honorable one line.
WQAM.
The best part of it that's scumbag.
Okay.
Okay, that's it.
I guess we can play my music now, including...
America?
Back to Detroit.
What about the garbage?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, which music that you like isn't garbage?
I'm sorry.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Play the little Clark in there.
Okay, so now we're out of material, okay?
You can always tell.
We made two and a quarter hours today and are Friday in a lifeless dead-ass town, which isn't all that bad.
But you can always tell the exact moment at which they have just...
Oh, sorry, with all apologies to Peter out there, the facts are...
We're not in material.
Isn't that something, huh?
Marked down on our...
We're keeping track of these things.
Two hours and 17 minutes today that they actually were able to keep it up.
WQAM.
That's a new nail.
Yes, sir.
I've been calling all day, then phone rings, it hangs up, and I'll find a way to through.
Here's the upshot on hang, if I may.
Yes.
First of all, something he had no control over, I don't think he'd done.
Is the format of that show the first team?
You don't need 20 minute updates, first of all.
Especially like on a Wednesday afternoon.
Right.
Every time, what the hell is going on?
Whoever's responsible for that format leads you to the bottom.
He's putting those long updates so they can repeat the obvious and the...
Oh, I mean, there's nothing going on.
It's like slapping the audience in the face.
It's like inviting people, please tune out, because they were testing your endurance.
It's like an endurance contest.
I mean, at the end is the same thing in New York, but they also have shorter breaks
and they have another break between updates.
So you've gone for maybe three minutes instead of 12.
But that's just ridiculous.
What about 12 minute break, especially on an AM station?
On any station?
I guess he just goes, unfortunately, because nowhere else can listen to.
He had to call her a while back to saying how knowledgeable Hank was.
Well, he's wrong.
Hank is not knowledgeable.
Hank has sources and ways to acquire information.
There's a big difference.
I mean, if you have some of general information, question about this guy and what record he may have said,
or what do you think these players are going to do for this certain thing?
He doesn't have a lot of general information, but he does have a lot of sources to get some information.
And there is a difference.
He's not a real knowledgeable sports guy at all.
I mean, he'll just throw some...
Well, then he should fit in perfectly in Miami.
Exactly.
I mean, he'll throw some crap off the top of his head and just by the answer.
And I'm like sitting screaming in my radio like you're wrong.
Number two, as far as Hank is concerned, is he's always real, real distracted with him.
I mean, he'll be talking to somebody on the phone.
I mean, you're on hold forever.
Then you get through, like someone comes walking through the door.
You can see that he's looking at him or talking to him.
Meanwhile, the poor Shwep on the phone is trying to get his corner across before he gets hung up on.
And he can't because Hank is not really listening to what he's saying and not really paying attention to the caller.
Finally, the thing that drives him...
Well, then, there seems to be the whole ambiance.
I mean, I found it very interesting that now that I'm working on the station and I'm inside the building.
And Hank is usually on the outside, but nevertheless, it's kind of like a...
I don't know how to describe it, but there's all kinds of people wandering around.
And yesterday when he was busy doing the Belmont draw,
whatever he was doing at the beginning of the show, there's a whole bunch of punks on the ear and running around.
And I don't know what to call it, you know?
He's more concerned with what he's going around around him.
Who's there, who you can wave to, who you can talk to.
And again, you're on hold forever trying to get through if you're trying to interact your art talking to him.
And it's stuck to him, not paying attention to you.
The thing that drives me makes me the most aggravated.
And I do listen to Hank obviously.
Obviously, nothing else I'm to listen to is from Hank.
Is it like he can't fight his own battles.
His board officer's producer, whatever they're called, will hang up the phone and will cut his call short on him.
Yeah.
Is that a half a dozen times for a show he's like, well, where'd he go?
Why?
Didn't you want to stick around and have a conversation?
And Hank's thinking that the caller hung up.
Is it a pea-brain schmuck of a board off?
Is hanging up the phone because he's determining that the call is over, not Hank.
Yeah, but not necessarily.
And a lot of times, Hank will say, dump it, but you don't hear it on the ear because then they hit the dump button and him saying that doesn't get on the ear.
But there are also a lot of times where he'll say, well, where'd he go?
Yeah, well, they are very protective of that crowd in there.
They're very, because they like a job.
The format is, you better say what you want to say.
Right.
Because once you stop and let Hank, like I like to kind of reply to Hank's reply.
And you have the same thing with Mandage a lot is that you don't get a chance to know their response while you have to say that you want to maybe further your point.
Or maybe just agree with them and it's like, thanks for calling and you just dead cut right off.
Yeah.
And it just hits up, no bro, it sucks.
Okay.
One last thing.
Yeah, I thought we'd keep our head on the lens last week.
And if anybody doesn't realize, this guy's a pickle puffer, something's wrong.
Okay.
Have a good watch.
I mean, yeah, deaf, dumb, and blind.
Well, there are a lot of stupid people out there.
You know, there were people who used to debate what their liberal artsy was gay.
You know, I mean, like that's a debatable point.
No.
What the hell's wrong with people?
I mean, I always thought Truman Capote was pretty much, but other than that,
56670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
It just, you got to understand it.
Not a lot of straight people out there are very stupid.
I hate to break the news to you, but there are a lot of really very naive.
I mean, every now and then I run into somebody since they never saw glory hole.
They don't even know what it is.
And I say to myself when I hear that Jesus Christ, talk about living a cloistered existence.
These are the same people that when the priest tells them to get on their knees, they do it.
And they think they're going to be pran.
WQAM, hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Top of the morning to you, my friend.
And back to you, sir.
I just, I want to say that I always get a kick out of you.
You're a fantastic talk show.
Great to have you on the show.
I mean, you say a maven, yes.
Yeah, but you know it is your little jump.
Your listeners make me laugh too.
It's so fun.
It proplained to have so many things against these other people that precede you and come out for you.
This guy that was just on here, there was Rippenhank for 10 minutes.
He says he listens every day.
And he excused me and there's nothing else on.
Now, learn to come on.
Let's get serious.
That guy could do it by aography on it.
Right.
Why can't I turn it off?
He knows every pimple on Hank's rectum.
You got several listeners.
All they want to do is complain.
Unfortunately, they haven't made up their mind about free will yet.
There are other stations.
If they like you and you only, they know the time slot.
Right.
That's it.
Never want to be a weekend.
Yeah, but we want them listening 24 hours a day.
Believe me. It helps the bonus money.
Yeah, a lot of losers in this town.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the news.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
It's a screenless Friday.
It's still a little on the mediocre side.
But we did great till 1217.
Mark that down.
We have a lot of people out there who keep track of these things.
Guys who have our totally lifeless and coolest.
Have we had a woman today?
No.
No.
Anybody in this audience had a woman today?
How about a call?
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
QA.M. Hello.
Hello.
I speak mail.
Speaking.
I have a mad dog.
I have a fire report.
Something he said about name drop.
I just heard you say talk about Ron Frazier.
I tuned in late.
But their dog told the story about how he and Hank were at my
arena.
They were sitting down low.
Jack Nick was walked by.
And then Hank saw him and goes, hey, Jack.
Hey, Jack.
Jack Nick was turned around,
critically, and just kind of like,
give a little wave to him.
And then next day,
Hank showed he goes, I was talking to Jack Nick was like,
yeah, I pulled over.
But I liked Hank.
I do, I really enjoy him.
He enjoys that.
He loves it.
He loves it.
He loves it.
I don't get to get to the call you were, Hank.
But every once in a while, I try.
But I enjoy both the shows.
Thank God for you, sir.
Thank God for one happy listener.
Thank you, sir.
Okay.
Yeah, I was having dinner with Enrique Glacius last night.
And he said, you know, that's Sam.
Well, you know, some people lay the,
I live a fantasy kind of a life.
You know, things happen and they kind of embellish them
a little bit.
And then actually after the passage of time,
they start believing these things.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
If I have a comment for Mr. Neal.
What is it?
I have a comment for Mr. Neal.
Speaking.
This is Mr. Neal.
This is a radio station.
This is Mr. Neal on QAM, yes.
Right.
I said, how you doing?
I'm pretty good, you know.
Good.
Yes, I was just thinking on you was talking about,
did you mention the sports today?
Did I mention what?
Sports.
The sport.
Right.
You were talking about, um, damn Marina, all right?
No.
I'll get all of this into the wrong radio, so sorry about that.
Okay.
All right.
Oh, see, I knew I was in trouble.
As soon as he said, I was thinking,
because I knew that he was exaggerating.
1226 at 560 WQAM.
But this is, I don't know, is it me?
Because it's not really all that comfortable in here.
It's not hot, but it's clammy and sticky.
How about a D.U. Midifier?
Were that too good?
Did they make a lot of noise?
Not a lot.
That would be good, you know.
I bet you we get the courts go down.
I didn't like the dry air messes with your nose, with your senses.
It doesn't make it that dry.
It doesn't make, I wouldn't mind having screened.
I think Abby Bloodie-Buggers is compared to be feeling like hot and clammy.
That's how I feel in here.
I feel I'm shrizzin in here, and I'm not a schrizzy person.
I don't like the flannel I had.
It's still around.
No, I don't think we need the fan.
It's already almost 1230.
But the fact is, it's not, this isn't right.
This isn't good.
And that's what happens when you're trying to do everything the cheap way, the beastly way,
when you try to nickel and dime, because I don't want to say who was the told me this morning,
because he's terrified for his job.
But he was telling me about all the different scrups in his building,
and that the contractor did a half-assed horrendous grotesque, unacceptable job.
And when you get a real cheap-ass contractor,
and when you get a bunch of people in here, don't know they're ass-from-there-albow,
you pay cheap, you get cheap, you get crack.
And it's, like I said, we don't care about too much,
but these kinds of things like the comfort factor, that's where we draw the line.
Then I do care.
I like it cool.
I like it chilly, whether Greg Reads wife likes it or not.
I like it chilly, okay?
In fact, that's the kind of treatment a lot of people get from me kind of chilly.
There's a message in there somewhere.
I'm just a rotten guy, okay?
Don't take it personal as you want to.
I'm just an unfriendly nasty guy.
26 past noon at 560 WQM, are you...
Drugs, vote, kill, free, power.
All right.
I'd be rolling with a truckload if I had anyone's wish.
That's here, here I be called.
And if I have to bust a cab, I just say I didn't do it.
Brax it is, here I be called.
And then I get to Brax it is, I go to the third world,
and pass around the club on who be fired my gear.
I've been going to Brax it is, to the soapy nightclub.
Yeah, I've been going to Brax it is, and he's standing on the street.
When I go to Brax it is a load by joke.
I never go to Brax it is without acting my gun.
Yeah, two dogs, full pay, free, power.
Know that every now and then I sell some crap to a lot of dude.
Brax it is, here I be called.
Some with fuck on the intersection working for free, too.
Brax it is, here I be called.
Well I think losing time at a verbal house with no wisdom.
And in that game I'm a wisher, she must be the red hole.
Home, home, home.
Yeah, please go to Brax it is, and I go to sell my crap.
I'll be going to Brax it is, you can count on that.
I'll be going to Brax it is, and pass my route.
I'll be going to Brax it is, because I'll be bad, yeah.
Two dogs, full pay, power.
I'll be a guitar here.
You mean you can get paid off your towel.
Profferty 3 at 5.50, what is it?
5.50 WQM sometimes I can confuse, especially when I play that fit.
Upgrading to a first class fine it says, rowdy passengers take notes,
send her to Harry Reid, Democrat and Nevada.
It reduced to build a raise the penalty for bad behavior or border craft.
From $1,100 to $25,000.
25 grand, those found guilty could also be banned from flying for a year.
We noted that on one airline incidents involving unruly or violent passengers
soared from 296 in 1994 to 921 in 1997.
The measure now heads to the Commerce Committee where it hopefully will be defeated.
You're what I said, hopefully be defeated.
Why?
Because I don't, I think it's a miracle that there aren't more unruly people on planes.
Because the way that they treat you like cattle and the way that they lie to you
and the way that they're indifferent and don't give a crap about you was unacceptable.
It's amazing that we're all like cattle and sheep and we all sit there very dutifully
as they continue lying and lying and lying.
Oh, we got a slight delay, we'll be landing in 20 minutes,
which usually means about an hour and a half.
They lie like crazy and they give you crappy food and they don't care about your comfort
and a lot of times the guy didn't air all of a sudden that cuts off
and you're sitting there spits your brains out like you're working at QAM.
I'm not saying that people ought to be unruly but it's just the idea that they dish out a lot of crap.
And that's just the way it is, okay? That's the way it is.
W-Q-A-N.
Yeah, NIL, please.
Yes, speaking.
I want to speak to NIL.
I'm speaking, yes.
This is W-I-D.
No, W-Q-A-N.
I'm sorry, W-Q-A-N.
Don't say W-I-D-A.
Oh, I got it.
I got it.
You say that.
Yeah, let's speak about OJ.
Okay.
Go ahead.
This is NIL.
Yeah, it is.
Last time I checked it was just like me.
Is it?
I looked straight down.
I saw a very, very small penis.
It must be me.
Oh, NIL, NIL.
I mean...
Now you know it's me, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
NIL, I'm OJ.
He's a murderer.
Right.
You know, he comes in town yesterday.
Everyone pretends like an alien.
Just landed down.
He's a killer.
I understand that.
People got to realize he has two kids.
Yeah.
Who's the way to his kids become adults before we just start?
I understand.
People...
People we start what?
You know, lead a man alone and lead into his kids right away.
We don't...
We want to leave Malone.
All we want to do is go live someplace else.
That's all.
We're willing to leave Malone.
I don't care.
I never want to live in the Brainer.
I guess white was a black woman.
I wouldn't think an issue would even be brought up.
Why not?
Do you think so?
Of course, because he's a big celebrity.
It had nothing to do with whether he was white.
It was because he was a famous jock, you know that.
I understand that.
I understand about it.
You got these people in Western, damn basic.
They don't want them in their community.
You probably got more murderers and crack dealers and everything else that live in this.
In Western?
Yeah.
There's crack dealers in Western?
You got murderers, you got all kinds of things.
Yeah.
Correct.
I don't know.
I got a living in Western.
Okay.
But why not more American tests, you know, North Korea when cops killed innocent blacks?
You don't hear this.
I think you say, sir, again, you're trapped in this mindset of comparing things together.
Always like, well, how come you're not equally pissed off about this?
Those of us who are, first of all, Rodney King didn't get murder, okay?
He's still walking around.
He got a big multi-million dollar settlement in the lawsuit.
And he's still walking around.
It was a grotesque, horrible, unacceptable thing.
And those of us, including white people, were outraged and nauseated.
Just like we were nauseated with a cop in New York that's probably going to get life in jail, I think.
I don't want to stuck the broom handle up the Haitian guys butt.
We, where I hate to break the news, they were just as equally outraged whether the victim is black or white or anybody else.
Civilized people don't accept barbaric activity whether the victim is black or white.
You have to be right.
Just like people were outraged over the lynching in Texas, okay?
You're right.
So why can't you deal with this?
Oh, I didn't tell the fact that it's not black.
I know OG.
OG is too cute to kill.
Right.
So why can't I say, let him move to North Dakota.
Okay, see, put some watermelon on a bus and send his ass to North Dakota.
Oh, you don't need watermelon?
That's right, he's McDonald's.
Put some big max on a bus.
In fact, he deserves big max.
Okay, it'll kill him that much faster.
Right.
Let's pack up a big gift package for McDonald's and give it to OG.
And maybe we can even have, you know, we'll be the bus driver.
Roy!
Wow.
And of course, you know who that means is going to have to be on the bus.
I'm sorry.
22 before noon at 560 WQM.
That's a bad standard for us.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
No.
No.
No.
That's a bad standard for us.
That's a bad standard for us.
That's fucking good.
Okay, that's a full point today.
Who do you think is going to have a better body?
Jeff Poppel with your Pamela Anderson Lee.
It's 1243.
Is that before or after?
1243 at 560 WQM.
Oh, my God.
Jim Mandin.
Yeah.
Two o'clock this afternoon.
Maybe Jim will get some calls today.
I sure hope he sure deserves to have a few.
But you know, that's the way the audience is.
There are a bunch of hardasses.
You know, they're for any of you.
I mean, he might actually know something.
And then at 6 o'clock we got talking baseball.
Would Donald be, uh, whatever his name is.
I mean, what is that?
Donald B. Brennan?
Is he trying to be like the weather guy?
Maybe he's kind of Joe Brennan.
He had definitely to do with that.
Who did?
Who made that up?
The first team.
Which O's John Provocchio to her ass?
Well, probably D for that son of a bitch.
I think it was, you know, D for what X-Turntel.
All crap is.
By the way, remember what I told you about how they feed Corn to the cattle to fatten them up?
This is what happened to D for since he met Steve Nickel.
All of that Corn.
And look what's happened to him.
Wow.
You can call him Don Brennan.
You can call him Donnie B.
You can call him asshole.
He doesn't give a crap.
Okay. Donnie B.
There's nothing wrong with Donnie B.
It sounds like, you know, it like who Donnie B, you know?
Does anybody?
No.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
He's a good guy.
He's got like kind of a Cornball sense of humor that rubbed off from D for but never less.
He'll be here at 6 o'clock.
6 30.
We got to pregame 7 o'clock.
It's the Marlins over on the West Coast to play Tampa Bay.
Any interest in that?
No.
And that's a big matchup, huh?
Two sizzling teams.
WQAM.
Hello?
Yes?
Oh, I wanted to speak with you.
Speaking.
Oh, sorry, you know.
I just wanted to ask you a quick question but I first wanted to say that I love your show
and I'm doing some really boring stuff here at UN and you really helped make the day go well.
You're at UN?
Yeah, yeah.
One of those rich, spoiled kids around.
You don't ever get any calls from I was thinking about that coming to work this morning.
But I can't remember the last time I had a call from anybody at UN.
That is unbelievable.
And I'm a female.
So I'm a big bow.
Yeah.
Well, you know, I'm not one of those rich people.
So what a shame.
Oh, yeah.
Well, it's always good to know rich people.
Well, I had a quick question for you.
Sure.
I was actually born in Detroit and a huge hockey fan and a huge, huge red wing fan.
What about Dick Purton, you know, Dick?
Actually, I don't.
I just started following them a couple of years ago.
No, no, he's not a hockey player.
He does a morning show in Detroit.
Oh, well, I haven't lived there in a couple of years.
So, you know, unfortunately, after a while.
I've only been on the air for like 30 years in Detroit, but he won't take it personally.
Oh, sorry.
I'm sure my brother would know him.
OK.
And brother probably knows Dick.
He's very unfortunate since they don't know anything about hockey.
But I wanted to say that, you know, I'm fighting myself at a loss because I really can't stand any of the teens that are less than a player.
Right.
I would agree with that, yeah.
You know, especially a Claudia Wimu and his bunch of...
Claudia Wimu, right?
Yeah, you know, his...
Claudia's...
Claudia's...
Claudia's Wimu and his brother, Dick is Dick, it's right.
Yeah, it's just about the various parryal ever seen.
Uh-huh.
And that Patrick Frog.
Oh, please.
I can't stand it.
And, you know, shaking his head all over the place.
Right. Yeah, he does.
In fact, they were trying to say he's got the Tourette Syndrome.
They were trying to say that one night, and then he found out they were wrong.
But they were trying to make an excuse for the fact that he's just a spastic.
Oh, it's ridiculous.
He's just...
Every time the camera's on him, which is an often, he's always shaking around.
He's shaking it, yeah.
Yeah, it's ridiculous.
But I can't stand them, you know, and Dallas isn't much better than that.
No, but at...
What at Bread Hall?
Oh, I can't stand that thing.
Oh, well, that's what I'm saying.
And the coach of theirs, that Alfred Hitchcock...
Oh, I could just despise that came, yeah.
Right.
They're so boring.
They're one of the most...
They had a great record, but you just watched them, and you can't...
It's like watching paint drive, just a boring-ass team.
Well, the best thing was last year when Stupid City of Dallas hung that banner
that's proclaiming them the champions and then a, you know, to try it happily, not...
Yeah.
Not now.
That was great, but, you know, and then you've got Buffalo.
I'm telling you that Eddie DeBiegel, you'll see, he'll...
Those choking gagging sounds.
They're talking a big game now, but you'll see when it comes...
Push comes the shove.
He'll let in a real greasy one.
You'll see.
He always does.
It's like the Beasery.
He always lets in a greasy one.
Well, the thing is, I'm hoping that he lasts just to call it out,
because I think that they're the worst of the three.
Yeah.
But then what do you do?
Well, what are we so much for Buffalo?
I mean, I don't want to, you know, hate Buffalo just because they beat my
police.
I mean, that seems like a hundred years ago now.
We like Buffalo.
We got stew barns in Jason Wolley and Lindy rough the coach.
All these ex-panthers on there.
Red Warner.
Well, yeah, you have to love them.
I'm in a cat chock.
Yeah, well, him and he's going to dream.
Yeah.
But I...
And he's overacting you.
Well, you know, I promise.
Let's go for the favors.
What do you say?
Shall we root for Buffalo?
Come on.
I think they take dice.
You come with an tasting.
Yeah, very.
Well, I understand they sent up Greg Lusannis for the final round.
All right.
Yeah, I was wondering if you...
Speaking of you of them.
It's, you know, I'm probably going to root for Buffalo, but I'm sorry to think they're
the chance.
No.
No chance.
What do you think?
Whoever wins the West, regardless.
So which I'm hoping for Colorado, I don't like Clouds with me or Patrick Crock, but I'm
pulling for Colorado.
I find Dallas to be very just terminal ponderous.
In addition to which they play on that horrible ice there, it's like, like I said, like
Watson, Pedro, it's like playing a hockey game on Quick Sand there in Dallas.
Oh, Terri.
It is. It's the worst.
Well, they're there tonight.
You think that Colorado is going to pull that out?
I think they're going to pull it out tonight.
And don't forget it.
They're playing on the road.
They stink at home in the past, but on the road, they're almost unbeatable.
Oh, gosh.
Well, I appreciate your opinion.
Okay.
They have a great week.
And have good luck to the accans.
I think so.
No, wait a minute.
Do you know Jeff Popp, what's his name?
I saw you in the popp of it.
Popp of it.
You know him?
Yeah, he's a real smart kid.
You're a black and a very attractive.
He's a model.
He's a model.
He said he should be.
No, he is.
He doesn't believe me.
He's an ambercrombie in Fitch catalog.
He's got an identical twin brother Doug.
Really?
And the two of them are in the summer ambercrombie in Fitch catalog.
Do you know him personally?
Oh, actually I do.
He's from Arizona.
Yeah, he's a biomedical engineer.
He's bi?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, that would be close to both sexes.
Definitely.
He's a nice guy.
Well, check him and his brother out.
Oh, I know.
Okay.
Thank you.
There's somebody in those Jeff Popp off or whatever is there.
Oh.
Like that.
What a dog.
Popp it off.
5.6705.60.
Popp 5.60.
Automobile and all that.
See that?
Somebody from the U of M boy could knock me over with a feather
duster.
And they don't believe it.
She says he ought to be a model.
That's how good he looks.
He is a model sweetheart.
He's in the ambercrombie in Fitch catalog.
The summer edition.
He's in there right now.
That's f***ing bit.
Yeah.
The ambercrombie in F in Fitch catalog.
He's in there with his twin brother hanging from the tree
like Tarzan with his big, with his not big, with his
shapely rectum hanging out.
Which, and they don't want to believe me.
Go down to dayland.
You only have to buy the catalog.
Just look at the cover.
Okay.
And there he is.
There is your number 38 on the Herapun's.
I'll tell you if they all look like that.
I'd become a Cain's fan in no time at all.
I'd be at every game.
I'd be the only one, but I'd be there with my pom-poms.
Q-I-M. Hello.
Hi.
I'd like to speak to you.
Speaking.
Oh, no.
I can't believe this.
It took me 10 years to get the Grota Cahoney.
It's actually called you.
Right.
But I actually did.
Why better late than never?
It was to tell you the truth.
The first time I seen you was at Benson's about 10 years ago.
Right up to you had a stroke.
Right.
And I remember saying to my friend, you turn me on, you, man,
this guy's not going to make it a week.
Yeah, I was in bad shape.
And you were in this tent.
It was so hot and you were signing autograph paper.
Right.
I was signing off the back of paper plates and dollar bills.
Because you know, no picture cards because the jerk
was doing such a great job on promotions.
One thing about me, I've worked on stations that have the worst,
most incompetent, most impotent promotions people.
You'd ever want to see in your life.
Wow.
It's a spine, right?
Like this one.
This is such an honor to talk to you.
34 years, Neil.
I did my sentence in North Miami and my sentence is up June 30th.
I'm moving out.
All right.
Where are you going?
Actually north of you and west sunrise.
Oh, I thought you were going to say you moved out.
I thought you were talking about to like a civilized place
somewhere.
I compared to where I've been living, Neil.
Anything is civilized.
Yeah.
Well, another 40 years, you'll be old enough to live
like right in the middle of sunrise.
Oh, the things I've seen here, I don't care.
Well, anyways, in closing, remember you were talking yesterday,
somebody called you about penises and trash.
And remember that?
Uh-huh.
Well, the only thing I can say is that I choke mine every day.
So I hate it.
And don't throw in the trash.
Fine, Neil.
OK.
567-0560, 05-560 on the mobile online.
He's choking it.
And of course, these people that were ripping Hank
before, you know, it's interesting.
Except for one or two who said that they tuned out two o'clock,
which there may be a few of those people.
But what they accepted to those, you notice that the other ones
do listen every day to the Hank Old Bridge show.
You do notice that, don't you?
Uh-huh.
Yes.
And of course, if they were to do this on some other show
about this show, I mean, then there would be a barrage.
Oh, Neil is this.
And he has all those sounds and yada yada yada
and too much with that bag stuff and whatever.
They find 50 million reasons.
And then of course, that little George, when he goes on it,
they would be psychotic.
But you know something, they're all listening right now.
Every one of them.
There isn't any radio on this town right now,
including the competition, including the people over there
at Queer Channel.
Every single one of them is listening right now.
And they're squeezing themselves.
And of course, in the case of Pete Boulder and John Ford,
squeezing each other as they're listening,
getting such excitement at every word.
They're hanging on it.
And of course, both of them only should hang.
If there is a hell, if there's a radio hell,
those two will surely be there burning forever.
Especially Peter Boulder.
I mean, the other one, he's just a pimp.
He's like the tagger.
He's a pimp.
We shouldn't know when it was Boulder all the time.
Which sounds like Bardsine, you know what I mean?
So if I were you, if I were going to the courthouse, Pete,
I wouldn't be walking up there with my pinstripe suit
with my back to the, you know what I'm saying?
To the limo.
WQAM.
Okay, good hearing from you.
How long was that on for like a quarter of a second?
I got the fastest finger in the South.
I'll tell you that right now.
You know what I'm talking about?
WQAM.
Yes sir.
This is a, the Niel show.
The Niel show, yes.
You don't want to talk to Niel?
Niel who?
The guy.
The guy I want.
What's his name?
His name is Niel.
Niel what?
I don't know his last name.
Niel Downs?
No, I don't know.
Okay, hold on, where are you calling from?
Miami.
Okay, let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes sir.
Is Niel?
Yes.
I want to talk to you about that crack city get you just did.
Right.
You think that's funny?
I think it's hysterical.
I think it's a panic.
You think all black people on crack.
Does that say that all black people do crack?
It was about crack people.
What do you mean crack?
No, you talking about my wee say and you talking about all every night
when I felt crack to a white dude.
Why did you go to a plan that it was a blackout thing and a thing and it was all
black people on crack?
Well that one happened to be a black dude that's a black city.
We got crack city or something?
Yeah, do you live in crack city?
No, I live in the ghetto.
Well, and you probably do live in crack city.
No, I don't live in crack city.
Yeah.
Do you have a crack problem?
No, I don't have a crack problem.
Yeah, how about a crack-toe problem?
No, I don't.
Okay.
You think this is a joke?
Do I think what is a joke?
I think what is a joke?
What is it?
It's not funny for all your white boys to sitting your car on.
All your white boys?
All your white boys?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
You're not a racist are you sir?
No, I'm not a racist.
Okay.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
I was looking just on a mission.
This is 1256-560 WQM.
Here's your QAM, my name is Audit de la Monde!
If you want to do our...
...
Aora and you, Division!
It's El Shode Estano Jack on the Halo!
Now can you tell us how about this?
How about this?
How about this?
I'm going to have a good day.
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!
Mr. Tom Broca has an examination of the district of Amsterdam.
As the head of Tom Broca in New York,
you tend to report to the last of your case,
K-Danto, and El Buffo, or in the office.
Well, I like rice, rice, vegetables,
flour, oil and salt and...
Oh, my friend!
My wife is a lesbian.
She's very cool!
Unfortunately,
in the movie of the three nights,
many, many more beautiful things.
And...
...Ree-ee-ee-ee!
Solomon Faye!
And you, David Jones!
It's a minute after one at 5.6.
It went as DS. We got Jim Matichet too.
We got Donnie B. It's six in the Marlins and the Tampa Bay devil racers.
After that. You don't want to know.
WDQA, I'm Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
I don't know if you listened to the yet cowbler show last night.
Yes, I... No, I didn't. Last night, no.
So, somebody called in and said that my glove in a home run,
or what was it, a cow?
Said that what?
That my glove in a home run last night, right?
And it goes that what cow?
That cow, that what cow did you get it?
And he said, oh, I don't know.
And the guy said two strikes in one ball.
You get it?
How about you QAN?
Hello? Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have a question for Neil.
Speaking.
Who's speaking? No, I said I'm speaking.
Yes, how you doing? Good.
Yes, I'm not a like to know why you still like so much on the phone.
Why, I want? On the radio. You sell out so much.
Sell out to what?
Sell out what?
Why are you overracking on the black people, man?
What are you talking about, man?
You're talking about why you were talking about Moisha, because she bled?
Who's Moisha?
My dip.
All right.
567-0560-0.560 on the 18-inch wireless line.
That was great.
Now we know what that means.
WQAM.
Yes, sir.
You know, I listen to Hang Show.
And you know, I got to admit the funniest part about the show is when Hang talks about dating,
like going out on dates.
Yeah.
That's real comedy.
Yeah.
Don't you agree or?
No, no, I don't agree.
I say more power to him.
Okay. If he wants to pay high price tokers, then he's going to talk about that to business.
What's wrong with that?
I'm just saying, does Hang everybody has different kinds of dating, okay?
Is there a certain thing, but does Hang have one study or does he have a string?
I'm going to ask him, okay?
I don't know.
I call him up and ask him, all right?
I don't know.
I don't really keep close tabs on it.
Okay, sir?
All I know is from what I hear is got real good taste.
And you're probably jealous.
WQAM.
Hello?
Hey, George.
What is it?
Yeah.
I want to talk to Alan.
Heal.
About one.
About one.
What are you saying?
Why are you writing for Dan?
Yeah.
Why do you think it was?
I'm sorry?
I said what do you think it was?
The Florida Morning Game.
Okay, thanks.
WQAM, hello?
Hey, Kaplan, you're son of a bitch.
WQAM.
Hey, George, I want to pick a meal.
Okay, hold on.
Where are you coming from?
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Great.
Good.
Boy, you pick me up cold.
We're doing screenless today.
It's just screenless Friday, and so far it's been spectacular.
Oh, great.
I'm one of your...
You're looking out on it and I do this.
Just, I don't know why.
I'm one of your...
I'm one of your biggest fans.
One of your darker, complex fans.
I have to have...
You talking about manager earlier?
I don't go picking on Mauritia.
I don't go spanking Mauritia.
No, I wanted to say something about Mad Dog.
Okay.
I was listening to him yesterday and he had...
He had some of his classic lines.
Somebody was talking to him about Patrick Dwing's injury.
Mm-hmm.
And Mad Dog was talking about...
I'm son of a bitch.
Yeah.
Mad Dog was talking about how bad he looked and he said...
Patrick Dwing came out in the game and was spiffed as a black room's pin.
Wow.
Big time.
Unbelievable.
Love you, Neil.
You wouldn't hear that on the John Moynihan show.
Got it.
Not at all.
Oh, one other thing.
You played the parody of cops earlier.
Did you hear about Supreme Court ruling the other day about TV crews and law enforcement?
No.
The Supreme Court ruling you cannot take camera crews out anymore.
You know how cops big going and worst down there.
Oh, yeah, I know.
That was a couple weeks ago, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Love you, Neil.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, sure.
Nick would be all psychotic about that.
Of course, he don't have to worry since him impressed in his hand.
One hundred million dollars in Vegas.
Oh, right.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the 18t.
You see, there's no God.
A piece of crap like Nick DeVargo's out there, wins a million dollars in Vegas.
I go out there and lose twenty-seven hundred.
What does that tell you?
W-Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M, hello?
You are my fire.
The one desire.
The least.
When I say I want you to be my fire.
I want it that way.
Freck them.
All right.
There you go, Nick Carter from the Backstreet Boy.
No, he's saying he's saying way better than Nick.
No, he did not.
And the shell agreed.
Yeah.
You're full of crap, okay?
You're now you're starting to get me really upset.
I'm going to get psychotic.
Let's go.
Oh, dry.
See here?
I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of fed.
I got my smile from home, but my chicken's from my dad.
I've got a body like a drive and range mat.
When it's cold outside, use my nap to hang your hat.
I can blow in your ear if you were left there.
But you won't notice me till I get some implants.
I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest.
And find an issue.
I say I'm cute.
This I am pretty.
I'm not won't meet your beauty.
I've got a nice ass and girl like a kissy.
But I can't get a man since I got no tinnies.
I've got no tinnies.
The wonder brought is something I can't afford.
When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a dive and fly.
When I turned 11, I started to get cute.
Now I'm 24 and still waiting on my boot.
I gotta say I'm cute.
This I am pretty.
I'm not won't meet your beauty.
I've got a nice ass and girl like a kissy.
But I can't get a man since I got no tinnies.
I've got no tinnies.
I've got no tinnies.
I've got no tinnies.
I've got no tinnies.
I've got no tinnies.
No tinnies.
Okay. 16 and 5, 60.
Speaking of that, by the way, Chris Reed's getting married.
The nephew.
I forgot to mention two hours ago when he was in here with the picture.
While all these guys got to show pictures.
Has anyone told you see?
I would say what a dog he is.
No, she probably never smelled them after one of those workouts at the gym.
She probably don't understand why he keeps hanging out at the gym.
But anyway, yeah, that's what we're going to talk about that on Monday.
Okay, the thing with the rest was that was just the beginning.
We're going to unmask all this BS, but guys that hang out at the gym a lot.
And like take showers at the gym, even when they're not working out there,
they just go there to take a shower.
I always wondered about that.
Anyway, Chris Reed is getting married to some girl from Mississippi,
who says it's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi month.
Is what she said.
And then what was the other thing?
Oh, yeah, Joe Costello was just an inherent spot of the aborant things
he was saying about the backstreet boys.
I, you know, I am not fooling me for a second, Joe,
but it makes me feel good because I know you got crappy taste.
So they must be just as great as I think they are their music.
Because if you don't like them, they must be fantastic,
which is why Millennium is the number one selling album in the world.
The first week on a chart, by the way, in virtually every country
on the Euro chart, the American chart, Canadian chart.
You name it. It's number one.
Anyway, tomorrow on the Joe Costello, his crappy,
it says right here, crap, crap, rap racing show.
Don Garlitz and Shirley Maldowney, famous drag queen,
famous drag racers.
What?
And he's got a couple of famous drag queens on the tomorrow.
Don Garlitz and Shirley Maldowney.
I mean, Don Garlitz, I have heard that name, okay?
And that's old time.
That goes back even I know that.
That's from a hundred years ago.
Shirley Maldowney, I mean, there are women in this thing too.
Is she some kind of a...
Hi, you think?
Maybe Joe will have the balls to ask her that.
Maybe it's a guy named Shirley.
And see, the new people, one of the reasons
that the sports talk is so boring on this station
is because you're not creative.
You know, everything is like right down the line.
It's got to be real serious.
Like when Mandage is on today.
He was on yesterday, he's on again today for Hank.
Does anybody call and corner him on that thing about
the Michigan quarterback that he was attacking
all over last season?
And then all of a sudden they went at Big Bull game
and this pretty guy, I can't even think of his name anymore.
He don't like those pretty more quarterbacks.
He likes guys with a pug flat face.
It looked like they went into a brick wall like greasy's kid.
You know, like Brian Greasy.
Does anybody corner him on that?
No.
Because he did a complete turnaround
so to speak on that kid after Michigan won a Bull Game.
Oh, yeah, all of a sudden he was a star.
They were great, which I can't think of that kid's name.
But I sure wish I could.
I do remember what he looks like.
W-Q-A-M?
Yes, hi.
Is this Neil?
Yes, it's speaking.
I am absolutely sick of my cable.
And why don't you know if you still recommend
your buddy there, Muhammad?
Yes, and I got to tell him,
this must be psychic Friday.
Thank you.
I mentioned a few days ago.
Well, I think it was one day last week
that I was getting a 4D TV receiver for my big dish.
Yes.
I get a call yesterday from Muhammad.
I thought he was going to cry on the phone.
Like I've turned on him.
And yeah, he's still around.
George has got the number.
He's great.
He's the best.
Wonderful.
Appreciate it.
I love hanging through.
Great.
Hang on.
Thanks.
Give him a hand of the number.
Yeah, and Muhammad was psychotic.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Oh, what did I do to you?
And by the way, I agree with you, Muhammad.
I've had the 4D TV receiver for about a week and a half.
And I hate to say this, especially for my friends out there
in Phoenix who are listening right now who sell them.
And I hope you make a lot of money.
But for me, the answer is, no, I'm not going to keep this.
No way.
As far as I'm concerned, they suck.
When you change from one channel to another,
or one transponder another, it's real, real slow.
And it kind of sits there and thinks about it.
In addition to which the digital programming,
which there's a lot of it out there now.
But it's almost all of it is the Payee TV stuff.
You know, 80 channels of HBO and 200 channels
of the movie channel.
And I've already got HBO and Cinemax on my regular,
who the hell needs that?
You know, 95% of the digital stuff that's on there
is the extra pay stuff.
And the stuff that went digital on the small dish
is that on the big dish on the digital?
No.
So it's very impractical as far as I'm concerned.
And Muhammad told me, basically,
I don't want to misquote him,
but he said that the 4D TV receiver is a piece of crap
is what he said, which is why he never sold me one.
In the first place, when they first came out,
a year and a half ago.
So I'm not keeping it.
But he was wounded.
No, because he always does a great job for me.
And he was very psychotic to think that.
And of course, that was a remedy.
You know, remember, set me up with this guy.
He's a good guy.
Sold it on trial.
Keep it for a while.
Don't pay for it.
You know?
See how you like it.
Do I like it?
No.
Hate it.
Can't stand it.
That's just my own personal advice.
Okay?
I don't want to talk to anybody out of buying one of these
4D TV receivers, but quite frankly.
I think they're a piece of crap myself.
QAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup.
God, did your mom, when you were a little,
ever call you a Yanta?
No.
I was always quiet.
I'm making up for it now.
So in regard to hammer,
well, that was important stuff about my receiver there.
Not good.
I know you just were going on.
Bup, bup, bup, bup.
Yeah.
I know.
So hammer, I just went two and two o'clock comes.
I switched the dial.
Not like Peter, but I switched the dial.
I just, I don't know.
He just doesn't move.
You switched your dial to what?
To either FM.
Yeah.
So I don't go to that.
I don't go to babbling.
Nobody would go to that.
No, no.
Now, what are you saying to slow?
Is it doesn't go anywhere?
It's slow?
Pretty much.
Yeah.
But it's just, it's like,
you mean the long pauses and the dead areas
that we're talking about?
Exactly.
Yeah, like that card you have of the Hank Goldberg School
of Broadcasting.
Right.
That's a tip to it.
Yeah.
I know.
I mean, it's a great guy.
I never called the show, but it's a great guy.
I can only handle about.
He's badly misunderstood because, again,
people don't understand it's just a radio show.
So they misunderstand it.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Have a great day.
And back to you.
Thanks.
And these guys that are jealous because Hank's
getting laid a lot with these high priced,
whatever they are.
That's his business.
What is it, your business?
Get a freaking life.
Get a freaking life.
God, it's just terrifying to me.
The number of no life assholes out there
that want to create some vicarious existence for themselves
by sticking their nose in everybody else's.
Correct them.
Wherever they're sticking it, you know, get a life.
You.
Yeah.
By the way, can we play that today?
No.
And we got a way to let lawsuit get stuff.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
About Jim.
They have the Lord's Jim.
Have you heard about that?
The what?
Lord's Jim.
No.
It's a Christian Jim.
Are you serious?
I swear to God, it's on university.
Working out for Christ.
Yeah.
That's what the James Kennedy works out.
Oh, is that where he works it out?
How about you?
He takes a lot of showers in that joint.
And they all get real Christian crosses and some are
labeled.
Yeah.
And if you open up the shower door and there's somebody
in there, they hold up a crucifix.
Take it easy.
OK.
See, when Dracula did it, it meant get that lot of here.
When he hold it up there, it means come on in, pal.
Yeah, these people that hang out at the gym,
like there's this one place in Fort Lauderdale.
I think it's called Bitter Bottoms.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great.
Didn't you back when your WIOD days went in a feud with Hank?
Well, like for one day, yeah.
No, it was more than that.
No.
I think you're scared of him.
Oh, yeah, I'm terrified of Hank.
No, Hank's a good guy.
I like listening to this show.
But I enjoy managing it a little bit better just because,
you know, he has that feeling.
Yeah, I'm so terrified of Hank.
That's why I'm letting all these people say what they want
to say.
I'm terrified.
No, Hank's a good guy.
I like listening to Hank.
I don't like watching him.
No, I do like watching him.
He lost a little bit of weight.
He lost a lot of weight.
He lost 35 times.
Yeah, it's all money.
It's paying this morning.
Right.
And you don't even know the WIOD screen TV to see him anymore.
Yeah, I know exactly.
Before he was like, he took up the whole screen.
It was just the corner of his nose.
Well, I got to go wipe my ass.
OK.
Don't start with that crap.
Are you pleased?
You want to start that crap all over again?
Well, you're a bad.
No one of these people hate you like poison.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So a lot of people haven't figured out the reason we took
a dump into trend again is because I was on vacation
for a month in that trend.
See, I wasn't going to say that because we've been doing
great these other months.
I think that's the month they finally caught on to you
and you're crap.
QAM, hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
OK, I think about Jeff Papowitz.
Yeah, I'm having a couple things.
He is a good looking guy.
So if I leaned over to the same sex, I'd be rubbing his muscles.
You'd be rubbing his muscle?
Go ahead.
He's hung at a Ace of the Go.
He's hung?
He's been here to ride it.
He's rubbing his muscle and says he's hung.
OK, keep, we'll keep digging that hole.
Tell me about it.
Look, he's been in the marching band for three and a half
flat parties go.
Yeah.
And so, you know, he's a pretty good looking guy.
He had a couple of women around the butt.
There was a couple of guys that were taking a nice swift look at him too.
Uh-huh.
He's a great looking guy.
Maybe he's rubbing it around.
Most of those people in Abercrombie and Fitzcatalog, they get around you.
Tell me about it.
I haven't seen his bullets.
His brother in the catalog was well.
Yes, he is.
They're identical.
I mean, they are exactly the same.
OK, now even their rectum are identical.
Well, I'll let you know if I lean towards that section.
Now, let me tell you about Hank.
Yeah.
The thing that doesn't work about his show is that he takes about 14 minutes just for his shoulder start.
He's on for two minutes.
You just slow start.
You're right about that.
Slow start.
I would agree with that.
And overall, he's a great guy.
He has great comments.
And just like everybody else is showing that station, we just don't have any good callers.
OK.
All right.
Thanks for making an exception.
You're welcome.
See you.
Well, he said that, uh, what do you say, Jeff Poppil, which is hung and something like that,
and hangs it in every direction he can.
And his brother, Hank Fatty, there's what he said.
Don't forget, Abercrombie and Fitch Summer catalog.
There's one Abercrombie and Fitch and Aventura and one in Dayland go in there.
And they only make a limited edition of those two, by the way.
Yeah.
So you better grab yours while you can in the catalog, too.
I mean, there's all kinds of things in there.
There's all of those breasts and, uh, uh, backdum and everything.
And some women, too.
126, it's 560, WQM.
If he's so much...
No.
Yeah.
Stop my f***ing, save my f***ing, f***ing, I knew.
Stop the f***ing.
Stop my f***ing, f***ing, I knew.
Mother f***er.
Oh, but they play football badly.
I'm so bad.
How did the Patriots kick their ass?
Stop my f***ing.
Well, well, they make it to the Super Bowl.
But with an attitude as bad as their...
They were, they're talking, our holds down the stairs.
Oh, man.
A noxious, violent, dis-tasteful.
The dolphins are cursing and man is distraintful.
The sprient cops send the rest of them a singing.
Stop my f***ing, f***ing, f***ing, I knew.
Yes, they're saying...
Stop my f***ing, f***ing, f***ing, I knew.
Stop the f***ing.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
I'm going on vacation this weekend.
I'm going up to Disney.
Uh, huh.
Father, mother.
And I just found out I have nothing against Gaze but better watch your back.
Backside.
But I don't want my daughter subjected to that basic.
Objective to what?
Well, just a bunch of gay people.
Uh-huh.
So what are you going there for this weekend?
Well, I'm not going though.
Oh, okay.
Good.
I have a nice weekend.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Yeah, God forbid there should be a bunch of food cakes around like the ones that are in
all those costumes up there which is every one of them.
God forbid your children should be subjected to having a bunch of homos around.
And you know, it's interesting.
There was a thing in the paper about that.
The fact that all these fundamentalists and lunatics out there, all these homophobes.
The fact that they keep publicizing it means that they're going to have a bigger turnout
than they ever had before.
How do you like that?
More queens than ever before at the Disney this weekend.
Because everybody else keeps making a big sound answer.
And they're like, oh, it's that.
So we'll be there with bells on.
With bells on our nose and rings on our toes.
Yeah, we don't want our children to dig.
Okay.
So I'll find another weekend.
Okay.
There's like 51 other weekends in here.
Find one of those and guess what it'll still be gay day.
No matter when you go, whether you like it or not.
Alright, what is it?
5670560.
QAM, hello.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Speaking, yes.
Turn that radio down, sir, please.
Okay.
Okay.
I got a question.
I got a comment about those situations.
What's the situation is that?
I don't want to buy wages because I'm supposed to live.
How about Alaskan would be good?
That's one of the states.
Yeah.
You had about that.
How about the Aleutian island sounds good?
Huh?
Let them go up there and try that trick on the Eskimo's.
They know how to deal with guys like him.
Okay.
So what's the mac and missing crime and how to stay lazy, so should they?
And they're going to make a mistake.
Once a guy is a murderer, I say as far away from us as possible, sounds good to me.
Yes.
How about a New Hampshire would be good?
They'll fix his ass in a hurry.
Okay.
WQAM, hello.
See, an interesting thing about this.
Hang on.
An interesting thing is, none of these people are saying they don't think he did it.
Everybody takes it for granted because you have to be a moron, not to know that he
did it.
But other than that, all he did was murder two people and almost sever her head.
But other than that, what's the problem?
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Great.
Good afternoon.
One question, please.
Did you finally get to see the Shawshank Redemption?
No.
Oh, it's a great movie.
I got it.
All right.
Anyways, there are two things I want to know.
I will watch that before I watch the sopranos, though.
I guarantee you that.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
Listen, there are two comments I wanted to make about what you were talking about this
morning about traffic.
It's a subject that you'll always get a story to.
But you mentioned one time before about when you're waiting in the red light and everybody's
turning left.
And then when they get the red and you get the green, there's still people turning.
There's still like five, six more turning.
Oh, my God.
The red light running out.
That happened to me two days ago.
And it's like, you know, and well, anyways, another situation is when you go to the store
and everyone parks in front of the store, either to use the ATM at the store or just going
into public.
You leave the car right outside the store.
Have you ever seen that?
Sure.
All the time.
That's the worst.
But the question about that, is there a way that you can actually do something about
that?
Like call the fire marshal and tell him, hey, the store is just allowing these people
just to park in front of the store?
Yeah, but you know, it all depends.
I mean, like for example, there's a mailbox in front of my publics.
A lot of times I'll go there to drop letters in a box and I'll park in that little fire
lane there for like 10 seconds.
I get out, I throw the stuff in the buy and I pull away.
You know, when I have seen guys get ticketed for that and that's that's nitpicking.
You know, it's getting carried away.
No, I know, but sometimes people will leave it there and actually I'll see them shopping
inside.
Right.
Or they'll have some some jackass inside that they're waiting for and they're sitting
there losing it is like a parking spot, right?
Yeah, but you're right about that.
I always see them like giving people police, giving people tickets for speeding.
But whenever somebody is cutting people off and doing stuff, I look at the cops that
are maybe a couple of lanes away and they don't do anything about it.
They're busy going home to get a cart in the milk or to go to get the donuts or something
like that.
They're always oblivious to stuff like that because who knows why?
I don't know.
Yeah.
Okay.
And in closing kneels, backstreet boys kick ass.
All right.
All right.
See, there you go.
I mean, there's no question about it.
It's just a given, huh?
Still no straight guys like them.
Other than my friend Dave and this guy, right?
Or he likes the one song.
The guy that just called he straight.
No, he doesn't just like the one song.
He likes the group.
He likes their music and this guy was straight, yes, and likes their music too.
So you just assume that you see the world through the eyes of your drug makers.
You don't understand that not everybody sees the world the way you do.
Here's the guy that never saw Glory Hold.
Didn't even know what it was.
And he thinks the whole world, I know they were.
I never saw it.
No, you did not.
Sure I did.
Yeah, right.
You had you never heard the term in your life before you started talking about it.
Yeah, right.
And then screaming right in the next doll.
23 before too, just before you hear those drilling sounds.
I like the Wii Wii.
So it's not the plus.
It's Joe Rose loves the backbeat boys.
How do you like that?
Oh, thank you.
We down in Jamaica in the catapult bean.
They got the best of her that you ever.
Yes.
Okay.
Good.
You'll be carried out the verb in the gunny snack.
Smoke it every day until you're lunchtime like with all the funny that we have made.
Raw.
The maker doesn't need any foreign aid.
A man again, who does come here and say,
got nothing like this in the US made this smoke.
Smoke got the smoke, smoke.
They light up the cliff and talk.
They begin to puff and choke.
Smoke got the smoke, smoke.
They're gonna be good.
Mama, tell us on you are a rough, tough man.
You like to smoke the giant stiff with every hand.
Then they keep becoming here for miles around.
To bite the earth from you by the ounce of income.
A rough, tough man, say to her,
Mama, you're right.
They can't you be good tonight.
And then they smoke.
All right.
Smoke got the smoke, smoke.
They light up the cliff and talk.
Smoke got the smoke, smoke.
Smoke got the smoke, smoke.
They can't you be good.
They can't you be good.
Jamon.
It's 143.560 WQM.
So here's the facts.
I know I'd be getting the facts from my good friends Bob and Karen and Venus Arizona.
About the 40 TV, BigDish, receiver.
It says we recommend keeping the 40 TV set.
I receiver a little bit longer giving it a chance is what it says.
No, there's no substitute for a first generation signal.
Make sure you get your free preview turned on and have Mohammed show you how to get all the free pay-per-view channels.
Mohammed says it's a piece of crap.
There are many channels available only on 40 TV.
Then it goes on Liberty Media's about to announce a major digital sports package.
The programming on 40 TV is about half the cost of direct TV.
It took me about two months to learn how to utilize all the features.
It says it's true the guy is slower but I use my 40 TV first and direct TV second.
Let me know if I can be of any assistance to say Bob and the Karen.
In Phoenix.
Well, thanks Bob and Karen but I think the answer is no.
Not just a guide.
I don't use the program guide who the hell needs that.
It's just the changing even of the trans father changing the channel on the same satellite.
And then when you go to find two of the satellites,
it's like about a three-step project as opposed to the old general instrument receivers,
which you do like in a heartbeat.
Because the way I see it so far, it's really bad.
Real bitterly disappointed but nevertheless.
QAAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Neil, I'd say I've been on the mobile ice company off every time in 15 minutes.
Because you're I got the screen list there going on.
Anyway, I don't care.
Neil, listen, you're well worth it.
You know that the, you're a show that the good parent A.B. else just show.
You know, so all these colors calling in and saying, oh, Hank's dead, I Hank's dead.
You know, that's it.
The thing about the sports guys is they need to have some like,
special guests or something like that, you know, to maybe beef it up a bit.
I mean, you know, because they put their just boring, you know,
and people call it saying they're boring and so true.
Yeah, it's a term of the word you're looking for, it's a term of the word.
Because when you start relying on the colors in this time for sports stuff,
I mean, one of these people know about sports, nothing.
Well, one of the thing I was going to make their show better,
they should have some special guests like more athletes calling in or stuff like that.
Well, that's what I think Hank is at his best when he's got the guests on.
Not like Will Clark, that was one of those things.
But most of the other time, when he knows what he's talking about.
Now, but now you're our comedy savior.
I love you. I've been listening to you since you've been down here.
I've been down here 24 years.
I love you. You're the best.
May God bless you.
Don't let me down.
Thank you. God bless you.
End yours.
56670560, Pont 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
That's what I always say. May God bless yours.
Somebody to QAM?
No.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today, bud?
Great.
Hey, listen to the six segment with the managing the Hummer.
Yeah.
I think the Hummer goes managed to say it,
but anybody who listens to the internet,
I'm at the L Goldstein with Hank.
If they get clunky, Mariah,
they're looking for Glowio.
Okay. How did you QAM? Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Dale?
Okay, sir.
First, I want to say that, yeah, I think I know why everybody doesn't listen to Ed show at night.
Because I tell you what, you know, me and my buddies were going up,
and Ed used to be on the other station and everything like that.
Yeah, and I used to.
We used to crank that guy like crazy.
You know, and I mean, really, I mean, that was, you know,
that was probably the most entertainment part of the show.
And now, the only entertainment I get from this show is mass pain to it every night.
Right.
So, but, you know, let me ask you this,
when we got to what the Marlins are playing on the West Coast,
you stay up late till about two or three to more you do it?
No.
No, hey, no, hey.
There's no way.
I would never, actually, you know, this week,
I've been not listening to Ed and all.
In other words, I know it's nice you let it heal up.
Is that what you're saying?
Well, you know, that night, I have to kind of use a glory hole.
That's kind of like a little, you know, lowly shirt pleasure.
Right.
All right.
I'll see you Westland.
Okay.
Yeah, this thing with glory holes.
I mean, I was talking to somebody yesterday who really knows about these things.
And he said, I've done a tremendous cubic service in alerting the entire South Florida area,
even over there on the West Coast.
I mentioned four Myers, there's a lot of glory holes.
Oh, yeah.
Because on those weekends when they're sheeped, they're real testy, you know?
When you get kind of like worn out and surly?
There's nothing like screaming for old glory.
WQAM, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Here it is.
Worse team, crap.
Nail, God.
Tank.
Crapie, God.
Freaky Martin screaming, Flamer.
Yeah.
And video search in Miami.
Magity, douchebags.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
I thought he was going to talk about that other video guy.
Boy, remember he sent us, so was he the one that sent us that did black penis?
Yeah.
Which you're not mentioning is name on ear who sent it to us.
But we're sure enjoying it here, by the way.
It's kind of like vibrating over there on the counter.
All by itself.
It's just moving around.
Because some people in the building think they remind them of Roy.
WQAM.
I'm Mary Dio.
We've got some good singers out here today.
Sign them up.
okay get what's his name on a phone uh... big pop-up whatever his name is
i mean lost the back three boys they finally decided they want to get some of
the money for themselves so they fired his ass
his bag of the ass
qa m hello
yes sir
can we go to college you can't go once
cops to be heading out to get to the fire
yeah i'm not gonna get on that
yeah i'm not gonna get a complete utility
uh... you know if you're if you're parked there for like thirty-seigners in that
happen to and they come along to you play with what's lost
you have to have enough to be ready to write he wants to know
you talk about twins
you know that
yeah i'm an identical to really
with thirty two
yeah
you know that you heard that you're talking to the colleague and then but here's
a guy's an identical to and they're both thirty two in a boat game only
this guy's got a larger penis so he says
well a little bit slightly bigger
yeah the doctor who's
little meaner to him right cut on a bias
you know
so i think i remember a long time ago when you and hank did hate each other
like prison we caught you right you were still in charities
you're a prison plan
yeah
and the apiece of crap right
right here that hank is no good
yeah
i guess you can make up
we can't make up and
some of this and so
okay
so we said his uh... brother is uh... something
uh...
that's what he said he said uh...
is a little bigger than his brothers and is uh...
uh...
ten so what was the color of the man doing there what they are all about
do we need any cuts
thank you for bringing us more water but we need any cuts and i said yes
oh
yeah because we got to take care of the people around the weekend is some
important people hang around here on the weekend by the way understand
i may actually start hanging out here on the weekend
ten before two of five fifty wqm here's
