What what time is he on? I don't know Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
We have a mobile from
a question
What we
That's more about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley along the pothons wherever your thought comes with its own frigid air
Games
Who's made Spot in cotton
It'sショабат
flame has gone down in flames
Rene who is
I think it's
Stayed inside
Okay, 10 or three and what she say Jimmy why'd you do this to me? That what she said I think so
Wow 10 or three at five sixty WQ and that's what she said. I'm positive
So anyway, Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny. I think what we ought to do is just play that for four hours. What do you say?
Oh, the craft we just got through here and
Not just the last four hours. I'm talking about the last how many weeks now?
The kids don't have enough bus the textbooks that they come from school in this town
There are kids go to school in portable classrooms
we just had 85 multiple shootings over the weekend and one of these people all concerned about this is important stuff
See I keep trying to tell George. This is important stuff
And he keeps going, eh!
No!
And I say, yeah!
Don't you see how these people around this building are hyperventilating this morning?
Even Adam from sales is a pretty good guy but it comes in here bouncing around like
he was on Sima Peter or Leonard's drugs.
Bapapapapapa, I have never seen so many hypermany acts in my life as in this building this
morning.
But a quarter-nine they're coming out for one of their 25 minute commercial breaks in
the morning team in the mountain of hallway and Joe Rose, who's I realized for the first
time he's 7 foot 3, Joe Rose comes out here in a hallway towering over me and looks
down at me and says, so what do you really think?
What did you take?
You saw it?
Well first of all, I was at the track last night winning a very important $11 which paid for
my turnpike tools and my gas money and I had a great time with my friend Derek at the
track last night.
Of course the fat one, Mr. Fat, he was at the game last night.
Nice going there, Richie, great choice!
I had the 3 over to 1, 2, 5 and a 6 over to 7, we had a great time.
And you could have been there at the track feeding your fat face for free and having a good
time.
It stayed in the middle of the foot brawl game last night.
I used that foot brawl with an R. What do you think?
But I did get home in time to see the last, the second half of the third quarter and
the entire fourth quarter.
And my reaction was, you see nothing, I'm not talking about physically.
I'm just talking about in terms of life, in terms of sports, in terms of career.
Nothing that happens to Jimmy Johnson could be bad enough to make me happy.
I don't want anything to happen to Buttercup.
His little vlog.
His dog's name Buttercup.
Dirt didn't know that he's got a big smirk on his face right now.
He's smirkling.
His dog, his name Buttercup.
And he was very upset about that too that the medium made a big song at a dance that
that was a real pan-gay kind of a name for a big macho football coach like him that
name his little vlog Buttercup.
Oh my god.
Even I wouldn't name.
I mean, tiny, okay?
Tiny is a name because he's tiny because he weighs ten pounds.
That's not a bad dog's name.
But Buttercup for Christ's eggs.
Yeah.
So like I said, if he lost every game the rest of his life, which hopefully his career
will be like maybe one more game.
And then, you know, go fishing.
It's a very simple solution.
The solution's very easy.
Danny Moreno should retire.
Not play one more year.
He should retire.
Good not go out like a clown, like a fool, like Stan Musil did.
Guys that hang around too long, they go out looking like jackasses.
I'm the one voice that's standing in his town.
I told you two, three years ago, this man can't play forever.
With two bad knees, he's a statue to begin with.
Can you play forever?
No.
Can anybody play forever?
No.
No.
But it's a one trick pony this whole team.
So last night there was the great Moreno.
There was the awful, the worst in the world, Moreno and everything else because it was
all in his hands.
And in the meantime, love the great wall hopes with his broken leg.
He's in a jail cell somewhere, okay?
Hold the Karim.
He had a pretty good game on Sunday there for the Browns.
And even the anxious Terry Kirby who vanished as soon as Jimmy came on his scene, he scored
two touchdowns on it against a pretty decent cold steam.
Bernie Parmaly there last night.
Looked pretty good, but he was on the other side.
Here's a man who came into this town and had a free pass, especially from the people
on his radio station, since they he got here.
Four years and as much of anything changed here.
No.
Has there been some kind of dramatic improvement?
No.
No.
And these people come in like Todd Dreck was just in here looking at me with a serious
look like I really care.
Do I really care?
No.
No.
But it's just as frenzy in this town.
Like this is something really important.
Like this is what we live and die for is the goddamn dolphins.
Is criminal football?
That's the national felon league.
That's what they're all excited about.
If I never saw another NFL game wouldn't bother me because most of it is crap.
And I told Todd Dreck, I looked him in the face and I said, guess what?
They stink.
Why can't you just admit that?
They suck.
They're offensive lines.
Sucks.
They have no running game.
It's all on a hand to one man.
It's an 11 man offense.
It's an 11 man defense.
One man doesn't all by himself make a season.
Can't do it.
Even in the peak of his career, he can't do it.
Don't go out like a clown, Danny Boy.
Hang it up.
Go out with some class, with some style.
People are telling me that there were folks leaving at game last night with their number
13, Marino Jersey, turned inside out.
And you know something?
That's the Florida FNW.
That's the South Florida FNW.
The most ungrateful goddamn bastard I have ever seen in my life.
This man has given these people so much entertainment, so many thrill, so much greatness.
And you know something?
If it weren't for the fact that he got up off the goddamn mat and the first in anapolis
game after the shoulder injury, the neck injury, if he hadn't got up then and thrown
the fourth down pass, they would have lost that game too.
They should have lost at least two more games this year than they've lost.
They're a horse crap team.
But no, can anybody here admit that?
No, we got it.
Well, what's the real problem there?
Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah, people didn't get somebody come in here and draw your diaphragm and show you what
the real problem is.
You don't have to be an expert.
The same bull crap, the same, they remind me a lot of QAM, you know, the same old lies,
the same old stories.
Just keep making it up and somehow it'll make it all right.
You know, pet everybody on the head.
It doesn't work, it doesn't happen that way.
Swamics static that the Jets want, not because of their fans.
I mean, most of their fans are truly obnoxious, but nevertheless because maybe we can get
this thing over with already.
Like Hank said yesterday, but that was based on his lot of the picks, but nevertheless,
get it over with already.
Let's move onward and upward to other things.
I see the Panthers won a big game last night, they're now 11 points ahead of second place
Carolina.
They have the biggest lead of any team in any division in the sport.
Six to one over Tampa and the Schuhlemeister actually got a start last night and played pretty
damn good, which is real good news for us.
That gets us.
That's on page 45 in both sports.
I've paid 172 in both sports sections because it's not about Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and
Danny.
And of course, every sports columnist that ever wrote a columnist time, what do you think
they're writing about today?
I'll give you 85 guesses, George.
Yeah, exactly.
Jamie and Jay.
10 past 10 at 560 WQAM.
Oh, full of.
Bill.
Fuck.
Oh.
She roams an ancient mythical land wearing body armor, taking names and kicking butt.
Take that evil killer.
But in the quiet moments, a lonely camp she was plagued by anguish.
What if that guy had friends and they come out for me?
What if I run out of provisions out here?
What if I'm tight cast of a left hand?
Zena, worry your princess.
She did how to handle a puddle attack at dawn by a bunch of events in fake fur with Australian
accents.
Cover your watch, it's like justice.
Take the high down.
But Zena, worry your princess.
Couldn't handle a panic attack at midnight by a bunch of nagging doubts.
Oh, my outfit, the little skid right since the baby.
Oh, I think I'm starting to want like a girl.
Oh, no.
Now, even I think I'm a lesbian.
Zena, worry your princess.
Right after some other show, who's the best?
Who's the time you can never remember?
Oh, God.
I hope we don't get canceled.
1014 at 560 WTQIM.
Here's a great fact.
You know what it says?
It just says, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah, about 6,000 times in a nice concert and beautiful job.
Excellent artwork.
So anyway, I didn't finish my thoughts in it.
Danny ought to be tearing the go out like a mention, not like a clown in a fool.
And Jimmy, he ought to go fishing.
Bye, Jimmy.
Bye, bye.
Y'all come back tonight.
Not too soon though.
Bye, bye.
A mean spirited, hard-ass, loud-talking, do nothing, finger-pointing piece of crap.
That's Jimmy.
He's had four solid years to show something.
Has he shown anything?
No.
No.
And as they put it out in the paper last week, Shul was last four years.
The brain's them who was like on the oxygen.
His last four years, the record was better, especially after the lost last light.
But then Jimmy says now in his four years.
But we've got the excuse makers on this radio station boy, the people with their heads
way up inside Jimmy's rectum.
We'll never see the truth and never tell you the truth.
Just say goodbye, Jimmy.
Okay, let's have a new regime if it really is important, which is not important to me.
I couldn't care less.
But this is an evil man.
He really is.
An evil man.
Nobody could say that about Dan Reno, whether you like him or you hate him.
Nobody could ever say that about him.
But Jimmy Johnson, easy to say that about him, he's an evil man.
A finger pointing gutless, spineless piece of third.
That's Jimmy Johnson.
But no, seriously, anybody in his position has got to take responsibility.
It can't always be somebody else's fault.
It's all unusually Danny Boy.
It's always somebody else's fault.
It must be somebody else's fault that he took a chance on.
He took a shot.
He got a shot.
He's got a shot.
Yeah.
He's looking real good in that prison orange, baby.
He needs the awkward to go with it and we'll suit him up to the next week's game.
Yeah, right.
Against the Redskins.
Boy, you think last night was ugly.
Wait till they play a real team next week.
Woo.
But even as amazing as it sounds, when I read that in the paper this morning that they
don't even have to win that game against Washington next week, Kansas City or Seattle has
to lose.
And if either one of those happens, this team, this group of marginal misfits, they're
going to be in the playoffs.
They're going to be in the playoffs.
Oh, my God.
That'll be over quick.
And the unsung hero, the man that nobody in this town gives a flying crap about who
broke the National Football League record last night, by the way, from off field goals
kicked in the season.
Olendomare.
Olendomare.
Yeah, let's hear it for nice little olendomare there.
Argentinian Italian boy.
38 field goals in the season.
And of course, they made a real good comment.
Senator Michaels was ripping Jimmy Johnson there at the end of the game.
Four clock controller, not taking the time out before the two minute warning.
And he was right.
Just ripping him and asked.
And then Bill Parcell's out coaches in there with a minute and seven to go.
Takes the chance on fourth down to complete the pass.
Right off the clock.
The game is over.
There he is on those last two minutes and ten seconds.
The difference in coaching.
Between a real coach on one side.
And he got who just talks a lot on the other side.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Psychotic.
And I understand the good news is as once again.
Predicted all it didn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out.
You put together these ingredients on Monday night in the middle of holiday season.
And a game between the dolphins and the jets.
And what have you got?
Football.
Many, many, many, many, many, many, many reports of balls and fights and fist bites.
And and people might even be able to get in the stadium before they were accosted by assholes.
And please don't try to give me your song and a dance about the assholes.
I'll be in the jet span.
There are plenty of these dolphins.
Believe me, I know from five years of sitting up in those games every Sunday and Monday nights.
Man, there's plenty of.
Come back red necked drunks out there.
So called dolphins.
See football is a place to go where you want to see people act like assholes.
Oh, seriously, you go to any other sporting event.
You see that in baseball and a hockey game.
Basketball.
Now they're all walking around to the 50 people who are there in their Brooks Brothers suits
and their ties.
No, but you go to a football game and you see thousands and thousands of people acting
like real assholes.
And word around a building is Joe is telling me.
Of course, I heard him on the air repeating it 40 or 50, a thousand times.
And even Adam came in here and said that his girlfriend is that his girlfriend is
what, whatever she is.
His girlfriend is a lady friend.
Went to the game with him last night and she happens to be a jet fan.
So she's wearing a jet jersey and they go in the and before they get in the front entrance,
a handful of dolphins are accosting him.
How can you let her wear that in here, man?
How can you let her be wearing that?
And of course, the obvious answer is none.
As in, then you got them business just like me with my maple leaves jacket at the Panther
Games.
Oh, you'll have to do something about that jacket.
No, doc, you'll have to do something about your IQ, your hockey IQ, like learn what it's
all about you, Bozo.
And mind your own God, damn business.
And don't tell me what to wear to hockey game.
Just another excuse, you know, you made a good analogy before you said it's like religion.
And it is.
It's a religion to people.
This is their religion.
They believe this is really important crap.
These marginal animals saying all there are a lot of guys out there who are good guys.
They do a lot of good things in the community.
They do good for charity.
Some of them a few are handful.
But there's a lot of scumbags out there.
That's why they are there.
That's why they should have been talking about that book, Prozen Conz and this radio station
instead of just here on the enabling show.
That's the new name of the show, by the way.
We're the enablers here.
It's taken two years, but I finally think I got it through to Georgia and out to him
during the last break.
We are the enablers.
We make it possible for the other people on this radio station and the sales holes and
all these other children around here to play their little games to have the sports bar
with the microphone to act like overgrown children.
That's what so many of these people are through football games.
You see that once in a while in other sporting events.
You see it at some hockey games where you get kids.
Kids made up with the paint on the one side of the face.
You see that kids.
But at football games, it's mostly the adults.
I'm talking about pro football.
Mostly the adults who are walking around all dolled up with his paraphernalia and regatta,
like a bunch of overgrown children.
And of course, when a bunch of overgrown children are cooking their gutters and closing
it up all day and all evening long, getting ready for that big Monday night game.
It doesn't start till guy day 9 o'clock until after midnight.
See I came to work this morning and I had to drive right by the stadium every day when
I come off the turnpike every day in a way to work.
I thought for sure I'd be seeing a whole bunch of bodies out there in the middle of the
street.
Instead, all I saw was just like lots of garbage.
Lots of garbage out there in the middle of the street, by the way.
Clean up your mess Wayne.
Clean up the mess from those animals you had there last night.
For those barbarians.
So it is just like religion, just another excuse to hate somebody else.
Oh, your team sucks.
What business you got coming in here, rooting for them?
Does it make a difference?
When you come right down to it, does it really make a goddamn difference?
Oh, it does?
I didn't know that.
Yeah, you got some nerve letting your girlfriend go.
Now where that goddamn jet jersey in here, man?
You piece of crap.
You want to fight?
Yeah.
Yeah, the three of us will take on you and your girlfriend.
Either that or we might break in five to three in the morning and we'll dip our wick.
Something like that.
You think they're still making an excuse anymore?
No.
The way you think there's anybody on this radio station still peddling that stuff?
Oh, I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I could be wrong, but I really don't think so.
Here's the fact that it says what the hell was the deal with the dolphin's cymbal cast
in Power 96 and WQM last night?
Here's somebody who's a little slow on the draw.
Like Todd Greck.
Greck, we didn't realize the reason.
See when they made the deal here, when they battled with the Paxon people to get the
rights for all these stupid sporting events at this radio station and pay $38 million
for five years or whatever outrageous, unacceptable amount of was, one of the things that they had
to give the dolphins was to in order to get the broadcast rights, a guarantee that all
the games would be on AM and FM, a simul cast, which of course guarantees that the ratings
will be vastly diminished for a QAM.
But isn't that a good idea?
Don't you reach more people that way?
And of course, this letter writer points out.
He says, I had to leave my house during the second period of the Panther game, period
I'd be able to listen to my car sing that Jigs and Moulders were there.
But no, it says, why do we have to endure the dolphins getting kicked their asses on
two radio stations?
One is too much.
And also F Buttercup, too, he says, how do you like that?
There you go, Jimmy, F Buttercup, and you two while you're at it.
You loudmouthed piece of turd, Jimmy, you turd to even his upset.
Now we had the Panther game on WS RF, 1520 or it's 1580 on the dial, we can't figure
out what frequency it is.
1580 on the AM dial, way up there, way off the end of the dial almost.
Station with a similar like like that, which is probably good because then you can't
hear Jigs mistakes so loud but nevertheless it was way up there on the end of the dial.
I sure hope he's not in the car right now and especially not with the rumor, I'm sure
not.
But at any rate.
And we also had the Huracune Vansky pull on VUM last night, I bet it was a big audience
for that kid.
WVUM FM College Station, that's how far in over his head Greg Reed is.
The sports mogul, we got it all baby, we got the dodgeball games, the basketball games,
the badminton games, the volleyball games, the nose tickets, we got it all.
Just while these people can run around acting like a bunch of overgrown children.
And just like I said, you if you, no, I was talking, no, that's right, you want vacation.
Joe Costell made an excellent point about these nerdy, these sports nerds out here.
I don't know if you're privy to this but this will make you puke your guts out.
Now they kind of like take a little survey amongst themselves and they're of course big
fans of the two lives used on laughing, you know, during this time, they appear in
10 to 2, the ones who have a rating haven't got one diary yet.
And I tuned in the day that I was off for the basketball game on Tuesday.
On the way home I thought, well I'll punch over there and see what these guys sound like.
Sound like Gelly with his balls on a strainer.
Two guys with squeaky voices trying very hard to be funny.
Went over like a pregnant pool vault around a very, very hot July day in South Africa.
But these sports nerds around here, we don't have to mention them by name.
They think that once I hang up the microphone, that'll be the perfect show to move over
here from midday.
So I agree.
Yeah, there you go.
The two sports nerds, then we can get back to the sanctity of it all.
And then that's right, yeah, that's right.
And we don't have to have this enabler on here and bring all this money and all these ratings
in it so that they can play their little games.
They can go back to the numbers they had when they had Chris Moron on here in midday.
It's not good to be the enabler.
That's right.
I don't want to be the enabler.
Do you want to be the enabler?
No, we don't want to be embarrassed to be the enabler's by the way.
Just like for that golf drummer, which we got more dirt on that today.
Wait to near this.
I'll save it for a minute.
By the way, are we taking any calls today?
No, thank God.
I'll tell you one thing you won't hear today.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
No, you won't hear no of those calls on this show because there aren't going to be any
calls today.
I'm going to tell you this show goes by now like lightning, like greased lightning for
me.
And at the end of the four hours, I don't feel stressed out.
I don't feel psychotic.
I don't feel like, oh, cheese.
Another day like this, like the callers have just ruined the show.
How many days have I said that?
Show's okay on this end.
It's on the end with the callers that it sucks.
Now we don't have to worry about that because there are no callers.
How do you like that, huh?
I like it a lot.
Look at that.
Another light enough.
Guess what?
We're not talking to you.
We're not talking to you.
Not answering the phone.
If we're just sitting there with a very stern look at us, please, is he going to answer
your call?
No.
No.
So those tickets we got for the, whatever that came in for some game.
26 past 10 at 560 WQAM.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
God.
Tonight on the history channel, Adolf Hitler was a maniacal dictator who started World War
2 and became the most hated name in the world.
What about all those unfortunate who shared his last name?
What happened to them all this week?
The history channel presents the forgotten Hitler.
Before the war, I was doing well and this date of comes along.
And to know what's the note, I'm proud I should go for Hitler.
The forgotten Hitler on the history channel shows you how even the most distant relative
can screw up your life.
My name is Sansi Hitler.
I was the owner of the biggest daycare center in America.
Well, we were about to begin franchising our business when the war came along.
Well, all of a sudden no one wanted to send their kids to Little Hitler's daycare.
Join us all this week.
As once again, we find a way to make a new program out of the same 200 feet of newsreel film.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
But forgotten Hitler.
Oh, I'm the history channel.
I think they got a point.
1032 at 560 WQAM.
A lot of facts is coming in here.
Here's a very good one.
It says Rich Schulmeister has more wins than Janie Ord.
I can't even say that.
Jimmy Ord.
Janie or Demi?
Jimmy Ord, Danny in December.
That's right.
One.
I caught an air rich.
Got a big win last night.
Of course, nobody heard it.
Nobody saw it.
Nobody was paying any attention to it.
Here's Rob who says another example of Jimmy being coached down 10 points with 638 to go.
In a game he runs a sweep right lost four yards.
Next pass to Pritchard for five yards.
Finally found a name for the defense.
He says the buttercup defense.
That's gone Rob.
See we got to create a body of sun.
That's just a bunch of suckles.
We'll keep sucking up on that same old Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Stuff.
God.
Yeah, I'd suggest that in fact, maybe we'll do tomorrow.
Just put that on endless loop and play it for all four hours.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
It's a disease.
It is a disease that is sweeping this community and illness.
Somebody said to me yesterday and they said, you know, do you have like some kind of a
meter that shows like when everybody has turned off the sports shows on your station.
I mean, when all the dials are in the off position, I said, what do you mean?
They said the Jimmy and Danny stuff.
That bit is absolutely correct.
It's maddening.
It's nauseating.
Even if you had an appetite for it in the beginning, it would be like eating 700 pounds
of steak at one sitting no matter how good it was, no matter how much you liked it.
After a while, you know, that didn't get your judgment and it wouldn't be too appetizing
anymore.
So we don't want to talk about other than the 400 faxes we'll get today.
Here's one from Rick that says, pack Jimmy's Johnson a Bologna sandwich and ship him off.
Reno needs to retar and go out and class like Mary to LeMuted.
We hate to seem go down in flames.
And enough with Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Jimmy.
And he also, oh yeah, this is Rick who always ends his faxes by saying, if I can get the
God damn cart in the machine over here.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Thank you Rick.
I have a feeling I know who this one is from.
Oh yeah, highly.
We only got one faxer in highly.
It's that the chronic holio now.
I think maybe not.
It says, I just want to tell you that the 17 under the fan is a great station.
Oh yeah.
I love that station and you know why I can't stand Hank Goldberg and the worst team.
But I like you and listen to every day.
But when you talk about religion and Cubans, I change the channel.
Other than that, I like you.
Don't mark that down George.
We don't want to talk about Cubans or religion, do we?
How we do?
Audio is kneeling.
We love you and highly.
Let's send Jimmy back to Dallas.
So Jimmy sucks and Danny needs to retire.
There you go.
That sums it up very well.
Jimmy sucks Danny should retire.
And that's the end of that conversation.
Leave it to me to capsulize in the nutshell.
All these brawling jackasses out there getting drunk.
I'm glad that I wasn't stuck in the traffic after that game last night.
I can't even begin to imagine what just up the road here in my life.
What it must have been like.
With thousands and thousands of people who created the first off assholes there last night
following that debacle.
And they talk about the Romans and the Eccalicians, throwing the Christians to the lion.
At least they had a good idea.
At least they were doing something constructive with their spare time.
But this crap, this will, that all these people, you want to see this place today.
And like I said, this is a sports nerd place.
How many people do we have in this building?
I was just thinking about this the other day.
Who are real radio people.
See an IOD.
I'm trying to think if we had any sports nerds.
Well, once upon a time we had,
they blew his ass out of there.
How many sports nerds did we have as opposed to broadcast?
I can't think of any.
Can you, can you name me one?
Are you talking about on the air people?
No, just in just around.
Interlinked.
I'm hyperventilating.
Oh, Scotty Mack was a sports nerd.
Oh, the sports producer, but he wasn't one-dimensional.
Well, I'm not talking about, there were sports people.
Be foe is there before he came here.
But I'm talking about people alike these people.
You know, like, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm Shin Robert the Grim Reaper.
And all these other silly people around here who think that this is important stuff.
Their life revolves and begins and ends with his crap.
What about stress?
What about, get out of here.
No, there were no one-dimensional people over there.
And then it's kind of around.
And contrary to that, around here, that's about all we have.
I was trying to think of it and I'd like John Penis.
He's, he's not one of those, is he?
I don't think so.
He sells the show, part of the proverb.
Yeah, he's just a proverb and he primarily sells the show.
The show's a show.
But other than that, we're surrounded by sports nerds.
That's about the only thing they want to talk to you about.
And this morning, buh buh buh buh buh, like I said, hysterical.
The only thing more hysterical was the fact that last night we got to see that
Pac-Mark push on national television on ABC.
Nice going there, by the way, ABC catchin' his push up there.
With a headset on my cock eye, nice going.
Oh, that was the highlight of the night for me.
Besides the fact that the clock ran out and the dolphins were on the shirt end of the 3831 score.
That was the highlight of the night for me.
We'll see in ball the up there with the bad sits.
And he's got the headset on and the coaches booth.
And it's like cock eyes.
He's got the head piece over where his rectum is supposed to be, like right there in the front of his face.
His zingotech spot and coaches booth made both newspapers today.
How do you like that?
As wild as the action got on the field Monday night, it was no match for the shenanigans in booth G
of the press box at pro player stadium.
In fact, that's probably what they said when the door opened.
Gee, are you here again, you asshole?
Dolphin's owner Wayne H. Wayne Hypingo was spotted wearing a headset
during the second half of the last of the deaths.
ABC television cameras caught the owner standing with the dolphins,
assist, and coaches in an area normally considered off limits to all non-coaching personnel.
He's got to be another Jerry Jones, this guy.
From the Cowboys who wants to go down on the sideline and start coaching in the middle of the game.
Like this man, the way he's thinking about the goddamn game?
No.
Hypingo left the booth with about six minutes left in the game after the dolphins failed to move the ball for a third straight possession.
Waring a bright red suit jacket, the owner strode quickly down the hall and flipped into an executive elevator.
Ashtray was doing in the coaches box, Hypingo offered a devilish laugh at a knowing smile.
As the reporter started in with a second question, Hypingo simply shook his head and held out both hands as if to say,
don't go there.
With that, the elevator door is closed.
Now, here are clothes right on his push and there were like, uh, use its pop.
Don't go there.
You know something? People who use that expression don't even go there.
Oh, oh!
Let's take a poll. Which one bugs you the most? Don't even go there or closure?
Which one disturbs you more?
You bill girl.
Yeah, closure.
How about let's get some closure? You know what we need closure when I'll tell you right now.
Uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah, we need some closure on that. What do you say?
Oh, God.
As in closure mind, anything else I guess because that's what they do around here.
The sports nerds were loaded surrounded by him.
We don't have any radio people in this building. That's the problem.
How many? Well, when we come back, we'll see if we can find out any radio people in this building.
We got one or two.
Hey, stop it. Yeah.
Well, Don Cox has done the hall right now.
Uh,
21 before 11 at 5.60 WQAM.
Yeah, I saw him coming in this morning.
Crawling around on the floor out there in the hallway on those brand new tiles.
Playoff, sir.
Playoff, this.
Ow!
Absolutely.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambo 4 and 5.
How are you?
John, Rambo's still alive.
I want to make movies for him.
Five. My life and going great plan to Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's why I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambo 2 was an 85 late.
Rambo 3 was an 88.
Shoot it.
Shoot it.
Shoot it.
My god, I did not make this movie with my son.
It was in the stage.
She was in Rocky 5 and daylight.
The color movie.
A little bit of cash is what I mean.
I got to get a loan from the power of trees.
I got to have a love and movie.
Or a Broadway show like Genevieve.
I guess nobody else was caught up with him.
It was stupid.
I guess I understand.
My whole life is about two K-bins.
All I got left is Jennifer Flavin.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I need to make Rambo 4 and 5.
Take it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script.
I can do dialogue or keep it in zip.
They like comedy.
Action.
Adventure and drama.
The only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be on Oprah and I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man showing for Kipsey.
Basically I've been on employed Gypsy.
A little bit of cash is what I need.
I got to get a loan from the power of trees.
I got to have a love and movie.
Or a Broadway show like Genevieve.
I guess nobody ever saw a top laner.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
My whole life is about to came in.
All I got left is Joseph of Flavin.
And that's why I'm ready to gentlemen.
I need to make Rambo 4 and 5.
All right.
10.45 at 5.60 WQM.
Here's the facts from Joe and Naples who says.
I agree that most of your callers are just suckles
that don't have anything interesting to say.
However, the occasional callers who have original material
or disagree with you do add to the show.
Your verbal attacks couple with the timely drops in sound bites
on these people are hysterical.
I realize that there are very few human beings in this sea of monotony.
You know in the South Florida that have substantial opinions.
But please reconsider your search for them.
Thank you, Joe and Naples.
Joe?
No.
Well, some are.
We'll take a poll on it.
But I think the answer will still be.
No.
And I'll give you a good example.
I'm driving home yesterday listening to the Humper.
On the air.
He's doing this little model on there.
And then on comes some guy.
And of course, you know, Hank sometimes backs himself
into that gambling quarter.
And he's talking about how he picks suck.
And he was 0 for a three whatever was.
And he's having a horrible time.
And he wishes the season wouldn't.
And what happens all of a sudden after that?
Here come the gambling callers.
And here's one young asshole he's calling it.
Oh, yeah.
I've lost a lot of money on your picks.
And boy, I'm going for a real whatever.
And then the next guy calls this.
I wish we had it on tape.
They must have it in their summer.
Some old culture.
And of course, it's always these old old.
These are the kind of the people you see kicking the tickets around on the ground
at the racetrack looking for a winning ticket that somebody threw out.
The desparados.
The lesser green shirts of the world.
Well, you know, I had nine and a half and I squeezed the juice on the under and there.
I squeezed this on you.
This guy was squeezed.
You know something I had no idea what this man was talking about.
None.
If you would have held a gun to my head, I couldn't have had begun to tell you what this idiot was talking about.
And there we go with those gambling calls again.
So if you're going to tell me that the phone calls, you see it's too much of a waste of valuable airtime.
I can't take a four hour show and just it's like it's like a search party.
I can't wait.
We ought to call it.
Remember they used to have Don McNeil's breakfast club.
We should have Neil Roger search party for four hours every day.
Searching for a caller that's got something interesting and using a fascinating to say.
I just can't waste that much time and good conscience.
I can't do it.
Plus it's tremendously frustrating and personally debilitating.
Why should I do that to myself?
Why should I subject myself to four hours of crap every day?
What I can do with otherwise very amusing entertaining and the worthwhile show?
Why should I do that?
Is there any good reason?
No.
I don't think so.
Tomorrow will be the end because Thursday and Friday we got tapes because we got the New Year's holiday thank God.
But that'll be the end of three solid weeks with no calls.
If we missed a call, if I had a problem doing a show without call.
No.
If I'd been able to get all the material every day that it would like to talk about.
No.
Even without the calls?
No.
So what's the problem?
I mean, stop and think of all the calls that you hear not just on this show but all the talk shows.
And ask yourself when was the last time you heard a really great call?
And how many of those great calls do you hear in a month, in six months, in a year, in five years, in 150 years?
How many?
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
So Joe and Naples, and by the way, Joe, you're probably a pretty good guy.
But what do you do when you're in Naples, tell me what to do to show you're probably listening on that awful goddamn 770 if anybody can pick it up.
So just kiss the ground that you're able to pick this show up over there on the West Coast.
Kiss your radio right on the goddamn knobs. Kiss the knob right now.
Or still got my tummy braided.
Thanks again, the mad dog, man. It's gonna kiss the knob.
I'd like to kiss his knob.
Well, that's what, that's his nose, isn't the knob.
Well, that's what Wayne Gretzky always used to powder his knob.
That's what that bag it says on a catch broadcast.
Whatever his name is.
Anyway, before I get back to the thing about the radio people here at QA, I hope you're thinking about this very seriously now.
I'm gonna take at least four or five seconds to come up with all the names.
Here's Peter Leonard, of course.
I don't want to mention that Peter Leonard left me this fax, but he was in here this morning again going,
bouncing off the walls.
Come on, can we come up with something a little bit better than riddling for this man?
Please, soon.
Don't take it personally, Peter, but happy new year we'll see you in the next millennium,
which starts in a year.
He faxes me hot news from Tube Channel.
See, here's another guy.
He's kind of like the sports nerds in reverse.
He's a radio nerd.
That's all he knows.
It's like these assholes that call from Orlando and tap all the time.
Oh, do you hear about Lasseter did this?
And Mark Larson did that?
And we don't know.
We don't even know who most of those people are.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, well, we knew who he was.
By the way, he missed the thing last week to fax about how he's off the air as of December 1.
I heard something about it because of some lawsuity filed there.
He's having something to dispute with FLA and he's off the air and he ain't coming back.
And he said this and he said that and he's made your asshole.
And he'll depress me.
But at any rate, hot news from Tube Channel comes January,
filling in for Brook Daniels for three months.
Brook is having back surgery.
Well, you know something I'm glad for, you know,
because she always looked like a hunchback to me.
Didn't she?
Now, I don't know why you're laughing like that.
I think this is good.
I really don't know what her back problem is.
She's having back surgery.
Maybe you correct that hunchback problem that she always looked like she had.
Yeah.
In fact, I know that she must have gone to school even being a Jewish.
She probably went to school at Notre Dame.
Huh?
She's nasty your laughin' because you're thinking about it and the more you think about it and you're picturing her in those army fatigues.
It wasn't a hump.
I have a hunch that this might work out for, yeah.
Anyway, coming in, filling for Brook Daniels for three months,
Brook is having back surgery, looking for a spine that says,
that's Peter Leonard saying that, not me sweetheart.
The inimitable Liz Wild, the same one that got canned on the sheet,
got canned on the planet and laid a big, big fat egg.
That one, okay.
As Peter Bold, you're once again continues coming up with a major talent of America.
Liz drives them wild in the afternoon.
And then he's going to be able to fill them on the super class.
50,000 lots of pure uneducated swills with all due respect to Phil.
No, seriously, besides him, what else did they got?
They got anything else on that station?
No.
Well, I mean Rick and Sugg.
And then George tells me this morning, which is the reason I started out to show this morning with what I did.
Francisco, Arruca is the better radio show on him.
What time is he on?
I don't know.
That the anxious Francisco Arruca is filling in for Rick and Suggs anymore.
I mean, what since does that make?
Can you finger that out?
Well, what does that mean?
How does he fit in over there?
He's been on before.
Talk about that.
He's been on before we do and what, filling in for that.
Francisco Arruca?
Yes.
Oh, my God.
You ought to like him.
He's a commie.
Hi, he's a commie, right?
Yeah.
Because he has a different opinion.
He's not one of those...
He's down.
He's not one of those assholes.
He's not one of those boy scouts to the rescue.
People are not in the Everglades shooting themselves in a feed.
Even though George says that's Alpha 66.
Alpha 66.
That's the stuff you take a...
I'll take a powder.
Do you ever try that stuff?
Alpha 66?
You never had that?
No.
It's like a BC powder.
No, it's like chocolate powder.
It's like a diet thing.
Oh, it is.
No, it's pretty good as my diet.
I think I'm going on that.
Because I think the Appkins sucks.
Oh, by the way, I know.
The Appkins is okay from people that are worse for.
It's great.
Does it work for me?
No.
No.
No.
I'm fat as a cow.
And then we get a call from the borders people.
Oh, Dr. Appkins is coming sometime in...
I'm not even going to promote it.
Wouldn't he have liked to do a joint appearance with Dr. Appkins again?
No.
In fact, George says he'll do a joint appearance only if he gets to bring the joints.
Come on.
No, somebody else has to.
Why is that?
Because...
Then they're free.
Oh.
Like I said, if Dr. Appkins brings the weed...
He's a doctor.
He can probably write it again.
Oh, it's a medical stuff.
He'll go to a state where he can get a prescription for medical marijuana.
There you go.
So I will do a joint appearance.
Everybody can sit around and puff the magic drag room.
So anyway, here's the fact that I found in my briefcase.
Since now that I'm doing all this stuff, I have clippings of 80 billion different things every day that I want to talk about.
And I'm going through my old briefcase the other day.
And here's a fact-dated march...
Well, May 11, 1998.
You're one and a half ago from the early days on QA.
Remember downstairs still haven't a fairly good time.
Long before the OJ golf tournament.
Addressed to Neil God from Merrill.
And it says, this is great.
I have to put my two cents in regarding the gildies of the airwaves and all these other young punky kids that don't belong on the air but are.
Many years ago when I was just 18 years old, I was offered a job at a local Spanish radio station here in Miami.
Given my young age, lack of radio experience, and squeaky young man voice was not allowed on the air for a year and a half.
The program director felt that although I had the right tools for non-air performance,
I needed to become more experienced with the operation and work on my an air voice and personality.
Well, of course in this place, most of the program directors believe you have to have the right tool for the year.
I was eventually allowed to be on the air and actually worked on a radio station here in Miami for several years until the last station that was on was sold and decided that was enough for me in a radio business.
Nice going, Maryline.
In any event, the purpose of this fact is the voice might as pleasure with what passes nowadays, especially at WQAM for on-air talent.
Jaldi and the other kindergarten sounding radio personalities on your station don't belong on the air anymore than I did when I was 18 years old.
Is it possible that WQAM cannot find an articulate person that actually sounds like it belongs on the air and will work that cheap?
I guess the answer is that he's sounding, no, he's got it, big letters.
Nice going, Maryline. Great fact, that's worth saving in my crap books for future reference.
Because other than a bunch of silly sports, and I'm not saying that these are bad people or that I dislike these people, I mean the most of Mary, you know, decent guys in their own bizarre way, but they're not radio people.
And their idea of radio, they think that sports talk is the hub.
That's the center of what radio is all about in the broadcast industry, to which I say, like Clarence, he's asking me, well, what do you consider a good sports talk station?
And I thought about it for like four seconds. I said, I don't.
I've never heard a good sport. They're all the same. Some worse than others. It's all the same crap. The same 150 groupies calling in, saying the same crap over and over again about the same things.
Like if he had lunch today, and it was a really good lunch. Let's say it was a big lunch. Let's say that macaroni grill brought in lunch.
Like tomorrow, we're going to bring him lunch tomorrow, right?
And we had a big, oh, look at that.
But anyway, so suppose that we had a big, expansive with white hot and neatly burgers and bacon and cheese and this and it was great, which it always is.
I'm sure we'll be. And you and I decided that we would sit and rave about it. How long, how many different things could we say about the same lunch and how long could we milk it so to speak?
How long could we drag that out?
Five minutes.
Ten minutes, maybe.
You don't follow what I'm saying. It's like Ruth Chris. I mentioned the other day, hold the butter. Don't get the butter right here.
If you don't want it, it's broken butter and it tastes even better. You don't need all that butter. You don't need to be tapping your brains out.
And I talked about that for like four or four minutes.
I mean, I could have gone through the whole list of everything. I had the French onion soup and I had the perier and the feral had this and remember had that and I picked up the check.
But how much longer could I have spoken about the same thing? How many times how many different ways can you say the same god damn thing?
Jimmy and Danny before it gets a little bit ponderous. You know what I'm saying? And that's the property sports there. They don't understand that. They don't get it.
Even assuming it was that important, which is not in the first place. They just don't even get it.
Well, when we come back, we'll give you the long list of radio people here at QA.
Oh, come on. Think about that.
Oh, come on, let's see. Can we come in that car?
The Neil Rogers Show will not be on today. Instead run a gambler sport whole radio, 560 WQAM in its continuing effort to cater to all three of you Slack job lifeless automatons.
It's crowds of presents. Regri washing his socks.
I love these socks. My wife got me these socks. My favorite kind. It's a dark brown with the gold diamonds down each side of the ankle.
I'm going to get one. Give that one a good scrub. Down by the way. I think it's the whole because I didn't trim my toenails that way.
Huh.
I'm going to start on the other one.
Oh no. What is it, girl? What's up? What's up?
Oh, I have no numbers. Oh, why did you take me? You even got to catch you, sassy.
That'd be a good little character and go back to your office.
Oh, okay. Why, there's nothing to worry about.
It's exciting. It's schedule.
Maybe clear channel will buy us. Break H.U.
Okay, it's 11.03 at 5.60 WQAM. Here's the fact it says if Mr. Jimmy Johnson is listening, please return from coaching the office.
We need some bag boy help at the Actions special. He's thrashed loinies.
Do you know, Toretto is not cutting it?
Oh, God. Here's the facts from Will.
Probably thinks I won't read this on a year, but I will.
It says I need to issue a former complaint. You wouldn't have been doing your club Madonna spot over the last two weeks.
And I think that somebody should let you know that you're both presenting misleading information to your listeners.
Who's account is that, by the way, Frank?
Frankie Pan.
I'm not sure, I think so. The copy in the ad reads and I quote, and if you like to drink, what can be better than the $10 Arctic and Drink specials?
Sounds great. No, sounded good enough to me. I got some buddies together last weekend went over for a good time.
After we paid our admission in sat down order, our drinks we realized that club Madonna does not serve alcohol.
It's a $10 drink special for sodas and non-alcoholic beer.
How lame is that?
I know you most likely don't have a say in the copy read, but the ad borders on false advertising. I expect that kind of nonsense from the other people on the station, but not from you.
And it's addressed to a two-brutus. So I do like that.
So I did read it on the air and of course I will check it out. My good friend Lee Roy over there, club Madonna.
I mean, that would be very misleading. If we put that on the air like you're drinking booze and you're not drinking booze when that demon is leading.
So maybe Frank better check that out. When in doubt Frank, check it out.
So we know what we're talking about because an issue of credibility is important.
Unlike the other shows where they really quite frankly don't care and they're proud of it.
Which said ways went into the professional broadcasters on this radio station.
Okay, time's up.
You got a stupid tank.
Manage.
Gemented.
Hey stupid.
There you go.
That's two.
B-fold.
Borderline.
Give me a look.
You're not sure.
You're the one that hates it.
Well, I'm not denying it anymore.
Well, no, because he's so paranoid and he's so easy that if I start saying that he'll believe it.
Oh, by the way, I hear that the rimers getting his job is what I heard.
I'm sure that I'm pushing hard for the rimman to get that job on a morning show.
Because then if he, no, seriously, if he has to get up early in the morning and do the morning show then by the time I get home he'll be taking naps in the afternoon.
Won't be calling me bugging me every day.
Bap, bap, bap, bap.
You know what I'm saying?
No, but seriously, so you're like borderline on B-fold.
I like kind of a combination sports there gamblers and alums kind of guy and alky.
So that's Hank and man.
It's let's say any other sports people are real radio broadcasters.
We have an this radio station beside just sports nerds.
I don't want to slide anybody.
I don't want to leave anybody out.
Who might leave it out?
Pretty tough.
Pretty tough.
Maybe we got some other X jocks on the station.
Would you call them broadcasters?
No.
I mean, some of her very nice people, but no.
No.
And of course we got all these little, you know who you left out.
One of the real, one of the few real radio broadcast people in this market are good friend Ken Maulden.
Oh!
There you go.
Absolutely.
Sorry Ken.
I'm so really correct.
There you go.
We love Ken Maulden.
He's a real radio person who just hangs out here because they close the dog track.
But nevertheless, so that's three.
Hmm.
Now you were there at the Christmas party, sucking up all these phone, I mean all these sports nerds.
There must have been somebody there who was like a real radio person.
Well, it's some power 96 people.
No, I'm talking about QAM.
QAM.
Forget about power 96.
Because then you'll be bringing up on Cox again.
Is he paying you to like promote his name on here?
Because you keep every five minutes mentioning his name.
I just like to say Cox on the air.
Oh, okay.
Because I'm crawling around on the hallway right in between his-
Now is he on the morning show?
Who's he filling in for today?
Oh.
Who he hates, I understand.
Oh, he hates bull like poison.
I didn't find out until I was in the hospital.
I didn't find out until I was in the hospital.
I didn't find out until I was in the hospital.
Is that what it is?
Or could she make all the money on that psychic fraud thing?
She was smoking a cigarette on the park bench downstairs and I said morning done how you doing?
And he said, I hate bull.
I hate bull.
He should die.
He really said that?
No.
Oh.
But he does hate.
He does hate her?
Why?
I tell you what.
Chelsea maybe?
Because she's successful.
And she hasn't got fired.
444 times yet on the air.
Oh, maybe that's what it is.
Hey, you brought in a couple of marginal cigars the other day.
So don't go knocking down.
Oh, I love you, don't be knocking cocks, okay?
Because people will start to talk.
So there's our rundown of the real radio professionals, the real broadcast people,
which is pretty slim pickings out of the 748 employees we've got here at WQM.
Out of the 1562 employees we've got here on this radio station.
Only three other people are real radio people besides us.
That makes you feel really, really lonely like the enablers like isolated.
Because these people, they think the whole world revolves around these stupid little games.
That's all they know.
Oh, sports radio.
That's where it's at, baby.
Sports radio.
I'm embarrassed.
Where do they find these?
Well, they're really a dime a dozen.
Oh, yeah, dime a dozen.
My kids just out of high school, college, eight.
They all want to be sports announcers.
They all have high squeaky voices.
They all talk like this.
They all stand people in the back.
They all work for fear, shape.
Then there's the beast.
We left him out.
Where does he fit in?
He doesn't fit in anywhere.
He doesn't fit in anywhere.
He says he's too big.
He's too big to fit in anywhere.
You know what I'm saying?
Beats.
Don't take a personal sweetheart.
But what is that that he just gave you?
Another facts coming there.
I hate when that happens.
If you're going to send our faxes to their machines.
See, they're nice guys.
They at least bring us over the faxes that are sent to the wrong machine.
Beast does.
He's a good guy.
But of course, when we get their faxes, do we send them over there?
No.
They don't care.
They're no with the human waste basket.
Here's another fact.
Disleye.
Discussed it in December.
It said.
That's right.
It's why not sign up rake her tooth?
He's got to kill her extinct.
That's what you need in sport.
Somebody with a killer instinct.
Nice calling her race.
How's that baby doing, by the way?
It says people need to understand it just because it's time for them to retire.
Does mean the fans are bashing him as a person.
People don't need to understand this because just it's time to fire Jimmy Johnson some of his staff
Doesn't mean the fans are bashing him as a person when you can't do your job anymore or don't take responsibility for your decisions
It's time to move on
Sammy oh look at that Sammy Smith. He's got crossed out in jail
Irving spikes wife beat it. Oh, he went away beyond that
He's in jail for more serious stuff than that which we read the other day to meet your sender would
He's walking around the streets of Philadelphia going
Bobby Humphries who snorted up all the chalk lines they had to get him off the field
Cecil Collins he just wanted to get his though with dip
And of course Lawrence I don't want to say it because that girl fax me 45 more times from hell and there Phillips
So there you go to people are a little bit pissed off and far enough and discussed it like I said before feel a lot better about it
Because it doesn't make a goddamn bit of difference life goes on that's a good part
10 past 11 at 5 15 WQA am here
Alonzo you're so big I'll be the tramp free well it's I'll be dialed
But not so too low
Files
Franklin my coach was broke
My face is a white it's just
$7,000 basket all fair
You can't feel it beat it
Custlin beach unease and
A shot of Georgia's
Is lentil king long
Bythrough
But my fans say that's wrong.
But I'm your full gun.
That's the absolute full gun.
That's your full gun.
That's your full gun.
That's your full gun.
You put a motion to the castle.
A war's down.
I've got to stand on you.
And I can do anything I want to do.
Oh God.
Yeah.
Now you just keep on firing and singing.
And I'm crazy.
I just play a game on two.
Nice haircut, though.
It's 1114 at 560 WQM.
So speaking of our good friend, Carol, and Senator one and OJ in the golf term,
and just a little up, I don't want to say post more of them.
Because I don't think it's ever going to end.
No.
It just goes on and on and on.
And the shame and the, uh, so I really don't know what to say because yesterday we're adding up these new totals that we got in.
The center one totals.
And that's what we need is housey on.
We need to get her back straight and things out.
Come on, housey on.
Bring somebody up by the way.
Yeah.
Some of the good stuff.
Did she ever come back or she back in Jamaica?
She's been back to visit.
No, I know she's been back to visit.
But did she come back to deliver?
She's still in Trinidad.
Oh, she's in general manager.
She's in Trinidad with the day going.
She's a general manager or radio station.
Now, do you like that?
Now, was housey on the one that was there that found that check under the, for Camila's house,
under the desk that had been there for a year or without somebody else?
No, it was somebody else.
Oh, that was before her time.
Remember that?
It was a thousand dollar check from the radio station to Camila's house for our fundraising campaign that year.
And the check like Santa, for like 10 or 11 months.
And one day she like bent down to, uh,
release the pressure or something.
And there was on the floor.
How do you like that?
She bent down to show her back to the boss or something like that.
And it was before housey.
And so we're not making fun of her.
She was okay in our book.
At any rate, so our center one total,
we yesterday was 88,545, which is pretty weak, but nevertheless we do the best we can.
And this is the last week by the way to go to specs and get your best and yield CDs and cassettes,
which are damn good.
By the way, there's great stuff on there.
But, uh, if we only hit more of those key chains,
if we just had another 50,000 of those key chains, we might be able to get this done.
So at any rate, I asked yesterday,
how about that OJ golfer?
And I still don't see any of that $2,500 here on this account list.
Do I see it?
No.
Not on there.
So George speaks with the anxious Carol from center one with the unpredictable Carol,
who, uh, basically, I think what she said was something like, like,
Ehhhhhh!
Isn't that pretty much what she said?
You don't know what that's what I got.
I just still don't have a dollar amount.
And I don't know.
How is that possible?
See, this is what's disturbing to me on both ends of the stick here, you know?
And maybe she is concerned that Scroanel showed me the pictures of her with a billy goat noji or whatever that was all about.
Was it just her and a billy goat?
I mean, there's got to be something wrong here.
We're talking $2,500 that allegedly was going there.
And this is already like almost the first of the new year for a golf tournament that was on the 24th of September.
That they were promised in writing within 30 days to have the proceeds.
And she says, well, we may have a little bit of a few, uh, some of this,
some of that way, but we certainly don't have that whole $2,500 in any way.
It's not on the list here.
So I'll tell you what to end and see.
And here's another example of your local media.
Not only did my good friend Tom Jicke, who at least mentioned me twice over the weekend in his columns,
but has still missed the whole SEC story.
And by the way, that's a big story.
The thing about the FCC, uh, alleged fine because David Caden is now the ringleader, the postmaster,
for this alleged effort, where he's Christian, he's promising a go in who want to repeal the day county young gay rights ordinance.
And he's also the one that filed a complaint, even though he doesn't live in his market and can't hear our signal here.
There's a tremendous tie-in and it is a significant story.
And did anybody write about it? No.
No.
I mean, they write about a lot of fluff, but the things that are important.
And then again, not just the OJ golf tournament, which Josie Lamby wrote about that.
And Tom keeps making veil references to it, but not much more than that.
But this whole business of charity golf tournaments and charity events.
That to me is a major, major scam.
And being very naive and, uh, you know, never having been that much involved in the past, at least, uh, is something that turned the sour as this.
I never had the opportunity to see just what about your phone.
He crap. This is.
And most charities are so hard to come by some bucks.
They'll kiss your ass if you give them one tenth of one percent of anything and let you use their name.
The pond at office, some kind of charity event.
See, to me, if I'm going to hold a charity event, a charity bizarre, a charity auction, a charity golf tournament.
That means in my mind what I always thought that the profits of the total proceeds go to the charity.
No, it wouldn't you assume that to be true?
That's what you said.
But it turns out that that's never the case.
In fact, I guess being very naive, I was one of the few people surprised by this because we had several people call of the ones who cared and most people didn't care.
Because the golfers, they don't give a crap where the money's going.
They just want to go out there and choose with all these celebrities.
And then of course, once they found our OJ was there, they either went and sucked up him like most of them did or few ran away saying, like that, fat.
But this is a major, major skim.
Where's Al Sunshine on this, by the way?
Mr. Hamhawk, that's busy running around chewing out people being open on the sunny day because the mayor, mayor, uh, ping a picanus says we ought to be running out under the tables and covering our heads because it's going to be about her.
And then he's going to be a little bit more of a fool.
He's busy chewing out people who are open for lunch, trying to provide food for starving people out there who want to place to go for lunch on a beautiful sunny day.
He's running around sticking his mic in their face to an air ass out.
But it's the on top of these charity scams on top of these so-called charity events where very teeny tiny amounts of money ever go to the charity.
If he has, I haven't seen it.
This is a tremendous scandal.
And maybe not maybe most of the people, maybe the overwhelming majority of the people who participate in these events who go to these events who subsidize them, maybe they don't really care.
I know the golfers sure most of them don't.
But maybe there's also a handful of people who help out and participate because they are led down the garden path and assume that most of that money is going to some worthwhile charity.
Big story, major story, major topic, much, much more important than the goddamn stupid football game last night.
I would say 50 trillion times more important than Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
But in that crap.
But the people in this town and the media, I mean all over the country, they do it, but in this town more than any because they missed too many goddamn stories.
They just kind of selectively, they decide what's news and what's not news.
Like the thing that the Harold had yesterday with a front page story about the Florida drivers being less aggressive.
Did you see that?
Now the Sun Sentles got the same story that they buried.
You have to go through every page which I do now, but you have to scour through the whole garden and even five reference to it.
The Florida drivers are less aggressive than they used to be, which means now they're going 11 miles an hour instead of 10.
Yeah, they're less aggressive.
I mean, that's right in the same ballpark with world class city.
With Yokel.
That's why they think Dave Barry is so funny over there because anybody's got his finger stuck in his nostril.
That's very funny to them.
I think that they probably print the goddamn newspapers here at some printing press up an Okahumka plaza up there or wherever the hell that is.
And Yahoo Junction.
But you're red next to much a Yahoo's, a bunch of totally unsophisticated people.
I mean, anybody would refer to this as a world class city's got to be a moron.
Got to be an invasible has got to never have been north of the Palm Beach County line.
Christ almighty even stored is like a major world class city compared to this.
But they pick and choose they decide what's important.
The driving of Florida.
In fact, they were so worked up in the inside page where you turn continue to page 155 after the next 75 pages of ads.
And you turn and they had the same headline twice because they got so worked up Florida drivers less aggressive Florida drivers less aggressive.
I get the need to fill up the space or something so it had exactly the same words twice.
It had exactly the same words twice.
Kind of like Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah, kind of like that.
The same God damn word.
15 million God damn times.
You people are killing us.
You're killing this radio station.
Those phone calls are killing this radio station and the guys in the morning or stand around the hallway to.
Joe Rose.
I said this before I'll say it again.
I'm still in shock.
He walks up to me out there in the hall with a straight face.
I thought he was kidding me.
He's serious.
This is a man who made his living wearing a jock strap.
Okay, and I forgot that.
And it looks at me and says, well, you saw what did you really think of that last night?
What did you really think of it?
And I thought to myself, is this man serious?
Does this man have even a semblance of a life?
Does this man understand that there were those of us who really in the long or in the overview of life couldn't give a flying crap less about this?
Does he understand that?
No.
See, the sports see one thing you don't understand.
The sports nerds in this building, they don't comprehend that there are people like you, for example.
Oh, I know.
You don't exist.
Especially a man, especially a man with a wife and a child.
Right.
Maybe some screaming faggot.
They could understand somebody who knits a lot, a lot of like sweaters, things like that.
Watching my tight pants play a grad ass that they straight activity.
Right.
Okay.
And putting their hands on the other guys.
Right, go.
Right.
And then grabbing and pulling them down around the crunch, which if somebody puts their hands around your crush and squeezes your belt tight, you probably fall down real fast too.
But at any rate, they don't understand that there are people like you that their world, they have such myopia, such blinders on that that's all they see.
They are the way of anything else going on in the world.
That's why the fact that we don't have a newswire here, it doesn't faze them in the least bit.
And the least.
Most wire, what do you mean we don't have a newswire?
Yeah, we have a sport and not even a good one, but we have a sports wire.
That's all you need.
All you need to know are the scores.
That's all.
The scores, the trades, the who went to jail.
That's all you need to know.
That's it.
That's the beginning and any of life for these people.
I feel sorry for those people.
What kind of social life do those people have?
Other people like them.
Oh, God.
When you said sports bar with a microphone, Mr.
you had your thumb on it and I'll tell you that right now.
I had that peg the first day.
Oh, my God.
On and on and on with my nusher and with trivia.
And then they sailed like Todd Drak.
He's one of the worst in every respective course, Malignant.
But just in terms of this, he'll come in and he'll look at you and he did again this morning with this crap.
What's really wrong?
What do you think is really wrong?
I don't really care.
They suck, okay?
Why can't you just accept Todd that this team sucks?
They stink.
They're a good team.
They're a bad team.
They're a terrible team.
This happens to be a really bad goddamn team.
Why can't the people accept that?
They stink.
And they're lucky to have the record that they got.
They should've lost at least another two, maybe three more games, but certainly two.
They stink.
Why can't you say that?
And of course I've always said this.
The people in this town, if you dare to say that, or you're not a fan,
like during the years, when the panther's stuck,
oh, you can't say that.
You're not a real fan.
What does that mean?
You can't be honest.
You have to cover it up.
Not only don't these people understand what sports is all about.
They don't even understand how to be a fan.
What it means.
And I'll tell you one thing.
I better do something about that guy, Dan Jacket, pretty soon, too.
Or else, or that doc is going to be slipping me something good.
26 after 11 on your...
Uh, Jimmy and Danny station for the 90s.
Power Shite's f***ing low.
Yes, yes.
I've been to every woman.
I've been to every woman.
So I'm not too fond of being good children.
You're one freaking thief at you.
I have cried.
I have fought.
And 12 hours, one during the month.
One during the month.
Looking for bigger children.
But I still haven't found any Pokemon.
No.
There I still can't find any Pokemon.
I've been in every store.
And I can't find more Pokemon.
It's so pretty in one.
Too bad, Charlie.
Where's your New York?
It's a last resort.
But I said we're not in every store.
But I've got to play.
I've got to stand in Japan.
Oh, right.
Boy.
Speaking of that burger king, we're calling Pokemon Containers.
Here's some really bad news.
Before getting into this story, though, I don't want to get Jason all upset.
I'll bend out of shape because he knows the important stuff that's going on in the world.
He must not have been listening to what I was just saying because they don't listen to
No.
No, plus we don't have monitors around the building anyway.
You're going to take a crap like I do every now and then when the mood strikes and you
can't tell if the stuff is running out of the bits or anything because there's no audio
in there.
There's no speakers.
Is this a radio station?
No.
Or what?
Because of the trouble again.
Or what?
So anyway Kenny Kelly gets the nod.
And then what they always say gets the nod.
He's nodding it to start a quarterback for UM in the Ron Popeel Showtime rotisserie
of bull or whatever it is.
Whatever stupid bull game they're playing.
They lost 116 games this season but they're still playing in a bull game.
That's what I like about these bull games.
There are so many of now that even crap teams like a lot of playing in a bull game.
I mean what's the point except for like the millions of dollars that they're going to
get?
Burger King is recalling millions of plastic balls that hold wildly popular Pokemon toys
given away in kids meals after a 13 month girl suffocated when one covered her mouth and
nose.
Kind of like a Hannibal Lecter thing in order to more than 25 million of the Pokeballs
are part of the recall Pokeballs.
I see what I've seen Pokeball.
Yes matter of course my here's Tom Brady's got a couple of Pokeballs.
More than 25 million of them are part of the recall Charles Nicholas.
Is that like oh must be in the Saint Nicholas because that's right after Christmas time.
I spoke to them for the Miami based restaurant chain set on Monday.
That's because they may pose a suffocation hazard for children under three years of age.
Oh there's a good message for all you parents out there.
Don't let kids out of three years of age put balls in their mouth.
The balls used to pack 57 types of Pokeman toys measured from two and three quarter to
three inches in diameter and can be opened by putting their two valve two halves apart
to reveal a toy inside.
She I don't understand about this because like both of my dog well my little dog doesn't
care he just takes the all the toys to piss off the big dog but the big dog's got
like little beers and all kind of and like little balls.
Well I actually need to want to have any balls but I'm talking about like rubber balls.
And a golden retriever weighs like close to 100 pounds.
He could swallow that ball but he's not that stupid.
Right?
Right.
So you tell me that like a two year old kid is that stupid?
That he's going to swallow a ball?
I think what happened is they put the half a ball opened over the kid's face.
You know how the kid sometimes puts the mask over it.
Right.
Right.
The Hannah Baleckter mask.
The bottom line is the parent wasn't supervising their child.
Again the child did something super so we have to recover.
So now we have to be called 25 million Pokeman which is going to piss off a lot of people
and there's just anyone.
There's a lot of kids.
Those legs, pantyhose eggs.
You can do the same thing with that.
It's probably easier.
How about a golf ball?
Couldn't you do rubber balls?
Couldn't the two year old kid take a golf ball and suffocate on it?
Huh?
The one kid died on a Pokeman.
How about is the circle would say a red rubber ball?
Could get a gag on that?
Could you?
You put a bad rubber ball in the ball.
And then you put the Hannah Baleckter mask on.
Right.
There's little things over the mouthpiece.
I like that.
The company said consumers should immediately take the balls away from children under the
age of three.
You know what that means now, don't you?
Files are an item valuable.
I heard that father or tool is in charge of collecting the balls from little kids.
Now, seriously, he's going around with his little outfit on his little dress and is
what they call the thing around the neck, the collar.
And he's going door to door.
Father or tool.
Trying to save the young children by taking away their balls.
The company said consumers should immediately take them away from children under the
age of three, discard them or return both halves of the ball to a Burger King restaurant.
Ah, here's the best thing I ever read in my life.
Or return both halves of the ball to a Burger King restaurant for a free order of small
French fries.
Now, I think what that really means, this isn't why it's funny.
I think it means for a free, a small order of French fries.
But it says for a free order of small French fries.
Yeah, they're about like this big because they don't watch your kids to choke on them.
They're like little teeny tiny ones, which is bad because then they get stuck in their
throat.
A California girl reportedly suffocated one one half of a Pokemon ball covered her nose
in mouth to statement said.
Isn't that what they say on the airplane when the, you know, when those little masks
drop down, cover your mouths and know what somebody please tell our Dutch friends, by the
way, there's no such word as covert or is that on allotalia?
One of the airlines, they always say, covert, I think that's on the allotalia.
Those are tightens, covert.
So take your balls right now.
I'm going to take my balls over to Burger King and see if they'll give me a small order
of fries, huh?
What's wrong with that?
That's what it says here.
Are they red and white?
It says return both halves of the ball to a Burger King restaurant for a free order of
small french fries.
That's what it says.
That's the best.
That's the greatest piece of news I've written in my life.
Can't you just see 25 million assholes lined up?
How many goddamn potatoes are they going to have to go to the end of the meal to make
25 million smaller orders of french fries to feed these poor bastards?
And by the way, if you're a little kid going to be pacified with a small order of fries,
no, of course not.
Your kid's going to be parked off, baby.
And not only that, but I would assume that most of the kids who are in it that are not
three years old, two or three years old.
Correct.
They're more like seven, eight years old at least.
And 15, 20, 30, yeah.
Five and a half.
So what the hell is that all about?
Again, once again, it's like everything else in its country, which is the alcoholics,
the smokers, somebody's got a compulsive goddamn problem.
Everybody's got to pay now.
Everything has to be banned.
Everything has to be recalled.
Everybody's got to suffer because one irresponsible parent left their kid gag on it and
a Pokemon ball, too.
God damn it.
I think what they ought to do is take those parents and I'm assuming maybe there were two
of mother and a father or maybe not and take them to their nearest burger king and like
put them right up on the guy they want to let all the customers, when they bring, when
they bring the balls back, they give you a dart.
For each ball you bring back and you get to throw a dart at whatever part you want
in the parents.
How's that?
And then once they got 25 million darts in the rest, then we'll let them go.
Twenty two before noon at 560 WQM of the year.
Sammy, get it, suck.
Now on the big screen from the company that's completely behind KJ and all their parks,
Disney, it's their new feature length animated film.
Let's ride, red eyes.
It's Tom Spanks and Tiny Jim Allen in.
Boy Story.
Your horse's name is Red Eye and I'm taking for a ride.
No way.
Red Eye is the one man horse.
But me on the other hand, I could use the little woody if you know what I mean.
It's the movie critics you're calling gay.
Boy Story.
To infinity and behind.
Boy Story.
Coming everywhere in theater to two theaters near you, near you.
And never mind, red eye.
It's 18 till noon at 560 WQM.
Here's the facts is, was wondering if you heard the commercial on your stage a couple
of hours ago concerning the VG's new year's Eve concert.
Did we hear that?
I guess.
They were now advertising $300 seats that were for sale months ago for $75.
What did that one?
Oh, no.
They were 300 months ago and other only $75.
Well, we know that they've all had a real tough time, a hard time, so not if you've got
them concerts.
Especially when they've been trying to gouge the public real bad.
And guess who else has been having a real tough time is Barbara Crosseyes.
Excellent.
Oh, I hate that bitch.
That miserable, jappy, uh, fag-hag bitch.
I can't stand her.
Oh, God.
I would say that I wonder how many tickets are left for glory.
Oh!
Hopefully lots.
And I wonder how many tickets I'd say 50.
It says we're sold for puffed ad-i at the Miami Arena.
This new year's Eve concert was canceled in October.
Oh, it's big of the Miami Arena.
You guys in the morning, you know, if you knew something, you'd be dangerous.
They're talking about the last sports event at the Miami Arena coming up.
They still owe $38 million on that arena.
It's not paid for.
The old one.
The old one, the old crappy one.
That's four blocks away from the brand new one that's opening up very, very soon in a
few days.
They still owe $38 million on that piece of crap.
And you notice, by the way, how it tremendously improved the neighborhood around it?
Oh, yeah.
Now all the derelicks have to be at least a quarter of an 18th of a block away.
Yeah.
Was there any development?
No.
Any new businesses?
No.
Any restaurants?
No.
Any urban redevelopment in that area?
No.
Nothing.
Nothing.
So the old Miami Arena that we used to know and love and really wasn't all that bad.
$38 million on paid for.
So they're still going to have to pay millions off of that.
And then what are they going to do with it?
What are they going to do with it?
Yeah, I guess that's what they're going to do with the mayor of Piquinia Pingo and all
the end, Carrollo and all these other assholes.
Maybe they could sell it to some rich Arab somewhere.
It takes that $38 million as a start toward the 300 to 400 million that we're going to
get for to John Henry to build that stadium downtown.
How does that sound?
Pretty damn good.
Just standby, John Henry.
We'll come up with a way for you.
We're working on it favorously as a holiday gift.
That must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah, we're coming up with a way to a finance.
Your guide to Amsterdam stadium because we know times are tough.
Just like Wayne.
Times are real tough.
And by the way, speaking of Puff Daddy, what a great segue.
See, I asked George this morning because quite frankly, this bag, I mean, this Puff, whatever
his name is, Sean Puffy Coems.
Did he think that Jennifer Lopez and he are kidding anybody?
No.
No.
Now, she was married once, right to some figure.
Yes.
What do you mean you don't know?
I don't know.
You don't think he's a fan.
Jennifer Lopez.
I know she's got a big, uh, stick music fan.
What was that mean?
You're the one that likes Enrique and Luis Miguel and all these people.
And what about Ricky Martin?
Do I like him?
No.
Whatever Lopez always pick music than I do.
I like that.
And what's that marker Anthony?
Oh, oh, oh, just saying his name makes me feel unclean.
What about Christian?
Oh, Christian, that little limper's did Christian.
Let me tell you about him.
Okay.
You can't think for sure.
Yeah.
And the same with Mark Anthony.
You can't think for sure.
Yeah.
And the same with Ricky Martin.
You can't think for sure.
I know that Jennifer Lopez looks really good from behind.
And the same with Puff Daddy.
You can't think for sure.
She's, she's nothing.
And if you saw her that time with a makeup off, you would gas that.
I'm done.
Even somebody like you is your, huh?
She looks much better going.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Which of course, from your Cuban perspective, that's all you care about is
asked.
But at any rate, speaking of an asshole, rapper Colmes and actress Lopez arrested in
New York.
Oh, yeah.
Love those celebrities, baby.
I love them.
Those are the people I admire.
Forget about Albert Einstein and Franklin Roosevelt and Henry Ford and
Thomas Alba Edison.
Forget about those people.
Let's put Puff Daddy and Jennifer Lopez and Madonna on the cover.
We're talking about the important people.
And don't forget Diana.
How could we forget about her all the time real hard?
How about about that bitch that the world was supposed to come to a stop.
What?
A lot of people get sucked into that.
Oh, man.
She was important.
Well, who says, well, somebody said she was important.
She's important because the media decided she's important.
And she never stole a freight train.
And she married a guy with big ears.
Rapper Colmes and actress Lopez arrested in New York.
Hip hop and I say, I don't understand.
I asked you this morning, maybe somebody out there would know.
Maybe they'll fix me the answer.
Since are we taking any call?
No.
Why doesn't it call in Puff Daddy?
I mean, there's his picture.
And even somebody like me who hates rap music.
I mean, this spises rap music except for M&M.
But I can't stand it.
Of course, he's white.
See, that must be the reason I like M&M because he's white.
Yep.
Because I'll tell you of all the people in the world.
The one who makes me sicker than anybody.
Remember, yesterday we were in the middle of lunch.
And what I told you who came up on the TV the moment I saw him.
I was like, I was having lunch reflux.
It was cold.
Oh, yeah, Will Smith.
Oh, he don't say it out loud.
I get the willies from Will Smith.
You like run DMC?
They're black.
Yeah.
There's one.
And Luther Campbell.
He be black.
I like him only from a comedial standpoint.
Plus, he gets a wacky Jackie.
I'll upset.
What?
He is funny.
Yeah, he's funny.
He'd be funny.
He'd be a wild child.
But at any rate, Will Smith, you want to know the ultimate in arrogance, Will 2K?
Yeah.
Will 2K.
This like saying, he's bigger than life.
That would be like Neil 2K or even worse.
Damn, God.
Yeah, talk about arrogance.
That would be unacceptable to me.
Will Smith gives me the creeps.
I get the chills.
Is he funny?
No.
Can he sing?
No.
Is he like, got in?
Any talent whatsoever?
No.
None.
And not only that, but he's an arrogant prick to top it all off.
And I'm always fighting.
I'm fighting this thing.
I really am.
I know you don't believe it because I'm always talking about sports.
But I am fighting that thing because I don't like being predileused.
But an awful lot of the people that I don't like in sports and entertainment happen to
be dark-complicated.
And a lot of the people that I do like tend to be lighter-complicated.
Like saying Nick and Jeff from 98 degrees, they're just the right shade as far as I'm concerned.
Yeah, they're well done.
But not dark.
I don't say I don't like dark meat.
I like the white meat on the chicken and the turkey.
And the chicken breast.
But not the dark meat.
Do you like dark meat?
No.
See, there you go.
Not into dark meat at all.
But we'll Smith just, I, I, oh, all the people in the world, like I said, if I see him on
his TV and he does pop up on air, hell of a lot too often.
Although thank God, I think he's going to be the next Ricky Martin.
He's following him right down the old, the golden yellow brick, whatever that thing is,
some guy down the road.
Hopefully it's a side road and they'll get lost on there in a cul-de-sac as in sector
crap, which is what they both are.
Just another fag.
Just another hype job.
And why is it that all of these people who were like sitcom people, all of a sudden they're
singers and he murphied.
Remember that?
He was a singer for about five minutes until he got caught in the car with that transvestite.
But he was a singer.
Could he sing?
No.
And the same with Will Smith from a marginal sitcom.
I want to say he's a big singer.
Can he sing?
No.
Of course not.
No, he's a singer first.
Will Smith was a singer first?
He's a rapper first.
Somebody ought to put a wager.
Somebody ought to put a rapper around his back.
Oh, that's right.
The Stale Prince of Bel Air.
That's how he got the sitcom job.
Oh, God.
I'm sorry.
I didn't bother me.
In fact, even some of his videos I could handle.
I could stand.
I hate him.
He should die as opposed to TLC.
I hate them.
And they should die.
And see they're black.
See, once again, the brothers and sisters in the audience, which we have 55 million of them
out there.
Oh, my God.
We're so disheartened by this.
We'd be so pissed.
I'm so pissed off about this.
Why do you know?
I like Marvin Gaye.
I like all those Motown artists who were black people who entertained white people like
me, but they were black.
I love the Jefferson.
They were all fairly black.
Well, weezy.
She was pretty black.
George, he was just kind of like that.
Yeah, a little fake black sheep.
Yeah, he was the black sheep.
And by the way, his broke.
Come on.
Let's help out Sherman Hemsley.
Let's take out the collection.
Let's have a celebrity golf tournament.
I'm Sherman Hemsley.
Maybe O.J.
I'll show up.
And maybe Raw.
He's got a lot of comments right now.
And Sam was going to help a lot of time.
He could orchestrate the whole thing.
Did you say?
No, Jay.
Oh, and they could put it together at the Astor restaurant.
I had a big photo op over there with Sam and Pedro and all of those guys in.
Raw.
And maybe Greg can actually come out of the closet on this one and be sitting there right in
the middle with a big smile on his stupid push.
The same guy that said, some of it went to O.J.
related expenses.
One of the great scandals of the century.
One of the great embarrassment of my life.
And only that Josie Lambe, that little Yenta in the Sunsendle, he's the only one that
even bothered writing anything about it, which maybe we ought to be grateful for that.
Hip hop mogul.
Sean Puffy-Kom.
See, here we go with that hip hop crappigan.
Why doesn't it just say rap mogul?
What's wrong with rap?
Hip hop's more hip.
No, it is not.
Hip hop's sound.
You know what?
It sounds like it makes me feel like Peter Lennon.
I started wanting to jump out of my skin like I got that Mexican jumping bean.
Hip hop.
No, it makes me nervous.
I feel like Lauren Hill.
And by the way, there's another person.
Oh, gag me with a prune baby.
Oh!
I'd rather see a 25-hour Will Smith marathon that ever see Lauren Hill again.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, she just makes guttable sound.
That bitch.
Oh!
There must be some black artist that I like today.
Can you name me one?
Please.
Fast today.
Fast today.
No, can't talk.
Well, I'm working on it.
Just like as soon as you come up with some sports figures that you enjoy.
Hip hop mogul.
Sean Puffy-Kom.
Who's career and lavish parties make fodder for gossip.
And by the way, oh, that Denise Robbins, which I don't want to hear.
My New Year's resolution.
I will never watch anything and he's black.
You see?
It's just endless.
Well, he's beyond black.
But did you see the thing the other day of his latest new look now?
He's got 443 rings in his nose, rings in his lip, rings in his rectum.
Oh, Jesus, he makes Carlos down on the over the reception thing.
Looks like a biker.
It's kind of like how much more do I have to do the totally gross you out?
I mean, he's gross enough without any of the body jewelry.
He just totally gross.
He's a disgusting looking piece of crap.
I was going to say excuse for human being.
Denise Rodman.
There's another one.
In fact, Kenneth Smasmacho.
Denise Rodman or Denise Popman.
Pop, pop, pop, pop.
You know something, Denise?
You are the dumbest man on the face of the earth.
Denise Popman.
Here's a man who says the most idiotic things.
Just shut up already, okay?
Just like Mike Lang told Peter Tagling and Eddie about a week ago on one of the Penguin Telecast,
Rimmer ought to say the same to Denise Popman.
Dennis, listen for the whistle.
When you hear the whistle, start talking.
Anyway.
Sean Puffy.
I'm having a hell of a time getting into this.
Sean Puffy, Holmes' career in lavish parties made fodder for God's sake.
It was arrested Monday after a stolen handgun was found in his vehicle as he left him in a head and a nightclub,
where three people had just been shot.
Colms and his girlfriend, actress Jennifer Lopez.
His girlfriend, Jennifer Lopez,
wore a in a Lincoln Sport utility vehicle with his driver in a bodyguard when police stopped him for speeding
through 11 red lights near Club New York and Times Square.
Feeding through only a count of 11 red lights in Times Square.
A 9-millimeter Smith and Weston was in plain sight on the front seat, said Poli Sergeant Andrew McKinnis,
and the four were taken into custody.
The gun was reported stolen and powder springs George L. August authority said,
all four denied ownership.
It was just sitting there.
It would be just like if cops walked into your house right now and found that pound of pot
you got sitting in the guy in the bedroom.
I got a pound.
Yeah, a pound.
I don't know. It's a pound.
And you said, I don't know anything about that.
Yeah, and your wife and daughter said, we don't know nothing about that.
We don't know.
We don't know.
You know, I don't know.
Same thing.
The 9-millimeter Smith and Weston were sitting right there on the front seat.
Oh, wait, I don't know how it got there.
Rapp performer Jamal Barrow, 19.
Is he related to Henry, by the way?
Oh!
Who was affiliated with Combs Bad Boy Records was arrested outside the club and charged with attempted murder
and criminal possession of a weapon police say.
After nearly 12 hours of questioning, police charge Combs, Lopez, and the other two in the vehicle
driver wore Del Fenderson and bodyguard Anthony Jones with weapons possession and possession of stolen property.
Lopez agreed to testify before Grand jury so the Manhattan District Attorney's Office
dropped her charges.
You didn't even go in, Adianifer.
They liked her complexion a little bit better, I guess.
McKinnon stressed that none of the four in the Combs entourage were suspected in the shooting.
Of course not.
Barrow, who used the name Shine onstage, traveled with the Combs last summer.
Investigators said that we're looking into witness accounts that Barrow fired because he believed that someone
had said something rude to Combs.
Prosecutors also said that Combs drew a gun, but it spoke to Mdanc Horace Deny that he or Lopez was involved.
The weekly hot chocolate party behind the tall chopper are copper doors at club New York was in full swing
when Combs Lopez and their entourage arrived just after midnight.
Fueled by two dozen bottles of champagne, they were having a good time in the VIP section
near Dish Jockey Goldfingers, both according to witnesses, who said Combs was boasting of his wealth.
The shooting occurred at approximately 2.30 a.m. according to police.
Police identified the victims as Natan, Eubon 29, and Julius Jones, 27, both of Brooklyn,
and Robert Thompson, Dandor, Connecticut.
Ruben was shot in the face and Jones in the shoulder, Thompson refused treatment.
In a statement to MTV News, club owner Michael Bergow said the shooting was a first-wrested business no motive has been established.
The navigators registered to Combs bad blood productions in white planes by law.
Any occupant of a car where a stolen gun is found can be charged with a crime.
All right, let's hear it for Big Daddy, baby.
And get it for Lopez, that bitch.
Four minutes before 12 is 560 WQAM.
Two QAM, my daddy, 40-dollar tail.
I broke in through her bedroom window.
And by the energy diff, my wig.
When I did I knew who was crippled, but that ain't no longer due, since you play for the fish.
Against my girlfriend for Robert Kelly.
That is another bitch when someone else is wild.
And she's a little bit of a bad girl.
But she's a little bit of a bad girl.
And she's a little bit of a bad girl.
And she's a little bit of a bad girl.
And she's a little bit of a bad girl.
And she's a little bit of a bad girl.
And she's a little bit of a bad girl.
And she's a little bit of a bad girl.
And she's a little bit of a bad girl.
And that's good.
A bitch.
People feel me now.
Club O1 at 560 WQAM got tank over.
She'll a cool city of day to a clock.
And five o'clock we got Hank with Kevin Donnelly.
How do you like that for more of that same old stuff again?
So then those of you people who feel deprived, you can get your Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Right from the horse's mouth from Kevin Donnelly with Hank at five.
Six o'clock we got Orlando Alzengari is on right before the big go.
Wait until you're what we got tonight.
Hang on tight George.
Seven 15 we've got the Alamo bull.
How do you like that?
Penn State Texas A&M.
You ready for that?
No.
Wow.
Does that mean that that puke inducing joke?
Oh, there's a white guy.
I can't stand Joe paternal.
Makes me puke.
Go Texas A&M.
Okay, win one for those kids.
Isn't that the school where they had the kids with the bonfire that got killed?
And that I think that's yeah.
So that's all the more reason to root for them to kick some Penn State ass with those ugly guy that American Legion uniforms they wear.
That state pen.
Oh god, they make me sick.
And then at 11.30 night after the ballgame after that big bowl game which I have a gigantic audience and everybody watching it free on TV.
We got who are these people?
Dave Gurgley and the poly man.
Do you have any idea who that is?
Huh.
Dave Gurgley, G-I-R-G-L-E-Y and the poly man.
Rap artist.
Better call a puffed daddy.
Find out who those guys are.
And what the night they're conscious going to be.
Yeah, what they'd be doing at New Year's Eve, by the way.
Dave Gurgley and the poly man.
Chases God.
Oh, here's a long, long, long, long, long, long facts about the dolphins and Jimmy and oh, it just goes on.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah, all this stuff.
See, let me make you feel a lot better.
They okay all you dolphin fans, all you self-bud described, whatever the hell you are.
Front running pony is real fans, make believe fans.
Sometimes fans want to be fans.
Let me tell you something that'll make you feel much better.
It doesn't mean squat.
How do you like that?
Feel better now?
That was easy.
It doesn't mean a goddamn thing.
In the course of your life, it will mean nothing.
I know.
I know that's shocking.
How can you say that?
That's like saying there's no God.
You know, it happens to be true, but you just can't say these things.
Speaking of that, by the way, oh, and before I get to Gary Bauer, the anxious one.
See if there's a God.
I don't understand how these things keep happening over and over again.
Like the shooting we had that minister, it is the family right here in town the other day.
Three ministers and family killed in some third township, Michigan.
Oi!
Three ministers from the same family were killed by an out of control car that plowed into their van along the gravel road.
The Reverend Kenneth Page 41, his wife, the Reverend Charlene Page 43, and her mother, the Reverend Rookie Lathan 62, all in the family.
He, the Reverend, mother, the Reverend, and wife, the Reverend, Stanley, does this.
Had just given a worship for a ride home and were waiting to back out onto the gravel road.
A car going 70 miles an hour and a 55 mile an hour zone hit a pillar and then slammed into the van Sunday afternoon state police said.
The car's driver Benjamin Bidwell 21 was critically injured.
Oi!
The three ministers were from the spiritual Israel Church and its army and some to...
Wow!
The spiritual Israel Church and its army in some third township about 25 miles from Detroit.
That sounds like one of those things to me.
Militial people, yeah.
That's what it sounds like to me.
So why don't we want to make some in temperate comments here and like, you know, be celebrating about that?
Because of course it's a tremendous tragedy when anybody dies, especially in a horrible accident.
But you think that if they were three legitimate ministers, that the Lord would be looking after them as opposed to that statue of the baby Jesus in Texas.
Maybe they were false prophets, huh?
Maybe they were struck down.
Or you mean like the prophets the station made from some 110,000 dollars worth of promos and a golf tournament?
Those are false prophets.
Yeah!
All your kids out there that hear that expression false prophets, that's with an F not with a pH, okay?
In fact, I think somebody ought to bring in a pH kit here in test of the saliva.
What's going on in this joint?
False prophets.
110,000 dollars, it's just another sham and a scam.
It's another big fat freaking lie, a fraud, an absolute positive, unmitigated fraud with a capital F.
And even the you and their F you, they're both capital and that word fraud.
This station sells, I've got to hand it to them.
They get more money for selling nothing.
Oh, would you like, here, $25,000? Would you like, uh, here, sign a contract?
What am I going to get for that?
Well, don't worry about that. You'll be on QAM.
Something we're doing, you know?
You'll be involved.
We'll get you some traffic in here.
It's just never ending.
And the more I hear these stories from some of our salesholds, like Peter Leonard, by the way, who comes in here and spills the beans about everything.
See, maybe if I keep saying that, maybe we can keep his ass out of here?
No, you don't think that'll work?
It's got to be somewhere.
Like maybe a bolt on the door.
Walking the door.
And that's the only way to keep that man out of here.
Every morning, now, and see in the beginning, he was somewhat amusing.
In the beginning, I tolerated him.
And begged, begged on his hands and knees, for me to do that spot.
And then he started getting a little bit on the stale side, a little bit ponderous and tedious.
And now his act is so goddamn stale, you can like, smell it.
Hey, Georgie. Okay, Georgie.
Have a great day, Georgie. Have a wonderful show.
Although I do like a Todd-Dracke impersonation.
I've seen it enough times already, okay?
In addition to which we had the real Todd reckoning this morning.
We needed impersonation.
Oh!
When you can have the real thing.
We had the real Todd-Dracke.
He's an asshole in here this morning.
Quizzing the about the game and about Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Madanny and what's really wrong in the audio.
And it's really interesting to me because all these people, including the ex-tied end over there, Mr. No. 80, he comes to me in a hallway.
What do you think of that last night?
He comes to me for my analization because he knows that I'm a lot more objective.
I don't have my head up anybody.
So therefore I don't have to like view it with the tangent with brown or covered glasses.
Let's see.
They watched the game through brown tinted glasses because they got their head up.
Jimmy and Danny and somebody else's ass.
So they can't be objective about it at all.
And then Joe Rose said to me this morning something that I hate to get back to this again because it's on the verge of.
And Jimmy and Danny.
It's on the verge of that crap again.
But I told him what I thought.
That they were one dimensional that everything is in marino's hands and they got I don't want to go to the whole thing again.
And I said marino ought to be tearing up a lot like a fool. He's got millions and millions of dollars.
He can do ads.
He can make millions of the rest of his life just based on his name like all these other big super stars.
And he says, yeah, but she that's all you know is that's all he wants to do.
Isn't that sad?
That's all he wants to do.
Maybe that's the problem with Bob Barker.
Although I do like Bob Barker and I like that show last Tuesday when I was off for that pinnacle game we had on the year.
I watched the prices right and I like the show.
But every time I see him I'm waiting for him to die during a taping now let me ask you this do you think that if he died during a taping the show that would put it on the air.
Get that CBS right back up in the running again.
Get him a 95 share.
Bob Barker croaks on the air.
Oh, and he just want a free coffin to price is right.
Have you seen him lately after what was it that he had was it a stroke it was a something.
Because when they were spinning the wheel he went.
Like girdling.
But you know it comes back to that basic question that we keep asking over and over again how much is enough when you have enough.
And all you poor slippers out there that don't have to pennies much less nickels to rub together.
And you see people with these millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars.
What's the point?
How much more do they need?
And if that if that's your only reason for existing if that's your concept of what life's all about.
Here here's that nine millimeter Smith and Washington that they put on a front seat just put yourself to sleep and make way for somebody that knows what life is all about because you sure don't.
Same with ball the over there Wayne.
Oh, he's crying crocodile tears because his one billion dollar plus that he used to have whatever the hell it was like a billion and a half now it's only worth 700 million because they were public stock is in the toilet.
We're all sitting around here thinking you know something I somehow could squeeze by.
I'd wake up with a big smile on my possibility if I had 700 million dollars in holdings and equity whatever the hell it was if my net value was 700 million dollars.
I think I could squeeze by and I wouldn't be up in a press box with some stupid goddamn headset on cock eyes looking like a fool.
Yeah, he he out did John Henry.
This was even worse than John Henry stand up there alone because John Henry even out of the ballpark is just like a sad sack.
He's a tragic looking character.
But here's Wayne who always plays the role of Mr. Big Shot Mr. Hacha stand up there with his head said I like cock eye looking like an idiot like a caricature of himself.
700 million dollars needs got to be up there pulling the strings like into Godfather.
Remember the the puppets pulling the strings.
Ten past noon at 560 WQA and when you're in the mood for a really sinful time there's only one club that can satisfy that sinful desire.
Squirt Squirt Club Madonna copy revised.
Club Madonna's got over 50 new choke roles performing live from 6 in the PM to 6 in the morning.
If you're planning a bachelor party or celebrating being single again, club Madonna offers the most outrageous time.
Every Tuesday at Club Madonna come watch your everyday grill take it off on stage during Club Madonna's amateur surprise competition.
The next sentence you notice I crossed out until I find out from Frank what it's read all about and from Lee Roy because I don't want to go on here.
Thank you by the way Will and I hope your information was well I don't know what I hope but let's get it straightened out.
So when you're in the mood for a really sinful time.
Squirt Squirt head to mommy beaches primary dot club club Madonna and you'll find in that 1527 Washington Avenue in South Beach or call 305-534-2000 to plan your next out radius party at.
Squirt Squirt Club Madonna.
Squirt Squirt Club Madonna.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt.
Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt Squirt.
I started a big Billboard campaign no more Bush in 2000.
I'm telling that right now boys and girls no more Bush.
A lot of bad things from that stuff.
12 30 at 5 60 WQ I am.
Two great letters to the editor in the paper today.
This is in the, uh, herald I guess.
What's best says Leah Hyme in Miami, H.E.I.M.
Soon it will not matter where or by whom Alien Gonzalez has raised.
I only hope that quality psychotherapy will be available to him.
After all this he'll surely needed.
Nice go on Leah very perceptive on your part and I can cure absolutely correct ma'am.
Here's this poor little 60 year old kid that everybody is allegedly so concerned about are they concerned about him?
No, they couldn't give a crap less about him.
He's a human wishbone being yanked on one side and yanked on the other side.
There's nothing about, I'll be wrong with being yank but it's supposed to feel good.
Harry Gordon in Sunrise says for those of us concerned about what's best for Alien Gonzalez,
notwithstanding the legal and moral right to the child to be reunited with his father and grandparents.
Just look at a day's newspaper and notice the murders and robberies.
You'll conclude that life would be much safer for him and Cuba.
How do you like that?
Which your George don't like that too much but nevertheless.
Well he's got a point.
I would say that the odd and especially now since he's achieved hero status there.
There aren't too many other 60 year old kids or anybody else for that matter.
On a face of the earth that we got thousands and thousands and thousands of Cuban people in Cuba walking around with their push on t-shirts.
He's already, he's already bigger than Desi Arnez over there.
Yeah but they didn't explain that those people didn't have any shirts at all and those are free t-shirts.
Yeah well they said they'd give him the shirt off their back that's what they said.
He's bigger than let me say it again.
Desi Arnez and Pupi Kampo over there already.
How do you like them Apple?
And the picture with the bananas on her head.
It's Carmen Miranda.
Thank you.
So two good letters in the paper there.
Some people make sense.
That's why it's good.
Get the good stuff and the newspapers get these good faxes.
And by the way we also have some chronic faxes which you're not hearing and I'm not wasting my time with.
It's a waste of time.
See the assholes out there.
This is more proof positive that stopping the phone calls was a spectacular move on my part.
Because now they're really frustrated and want to be chronic callers who want to use these shows as their own personal play toy and it can't get you on the phone because we're not taking any guidance calls.
No we're not.
So now they have to resort.
It's to the fax machine.
And ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba beep beep beep beep and guess what my wish basking over here's got a lot of crap.
And I'll tell you that.
It is loaded.
Lowed it with pure unedulder rated, like I said get to it.
There you go. It was worth waiting.
It's really revealing the same handwriting, the same handful of misfits, the same idiots.
Although I noticed it's time where it's on. Maybe they just taken a little rest. Maybe it's the holidays. Maybe they put them away in mothballs for a while for a few weeks to let them air out until after the new year.
But I noticed that some of them have vanished. I don't want to mention any names because I don't want to offer up any encouragement to some assholes. Well, I'm sure I'm still out there, but nevertheless.
See, the whole concept, all these years, when I look back, it brings me so much pain and discomfort.
Or is that my stomach thing? Or to think of all the great shows that I could have had.
And instead, all the best, I'm thinking back to different periods of time when I went through hell on the year.
Long before even your days, I mean, there were days in IOD. I think it was shortly after my stroke. Of course, stand major-filling for two weeks.
You want to follow two weeks of Stan Major being on here. If the whole station would have been off the air for two weeks, I'd have had a better chance of having an audience there when I came back.
You get off your duff and call. Anybody buy a good watch? Milky Way dark.
Stan Major, by the way, how's that $80 million you owe me now Stan? That 2000 is really appreciated greatly.
And I'd appreciate it and see some of it again. I know you're listening right now. I wish you nothing but the best.
Or in between real good and the bad. Like mediocre would be good enough for you. But just to stay away.
I remember the last time he called this show and you put Stan Major on there on the screen.
It was on another one of those days when I was begging and pleading and squeezing for calls. See, not having to do that.
How many times have I said that there are a whole group of people out there who think that the purpose of this show is to hear Neil in agony sitting here begging and squeezing for phone calls?
And as if I enjoyed that, if it was like some kind of a game that I enjoyed, it was a good radio. It was, it was Schmidt.
That's right. It was pure on a double made in Schmidt. Oh, I feel so much better. I can say that now.
God, leave it to me. Now it's Fox the Word police, OK, you assholes. You crazy bastards. You're full of Schmidt, Alia.
Of course, the only problem with that is once you start saying that word, you'll notice it's a little bit. You have to make sure you get that M in there.
Yeah, that's right.
Because even the other word with even with a DT on the end that I think you get the DTs if you say it too much.
Schmidt. And of course, there are going to be people out there whose name is Schmidt. I feel bad about that.
We're going to say, oh my God, you know, it's like names for your penis, like, you know, your Johnson and all those things.
There are a lot of people named Dick, a lot of coons is out there. And if you coons, yeah.
And Bob Coons, who's got a face like a prune.
But anyway, and he's full of Schmidt too, by the way.
So we got a new word for you today, boys and girls. The good news is that Kenny Kelly, whatever his name is, is that his name is good?
I want to make sure I get that under 20 or 30 times. So the sports there don't get all upset here.
Oh, yeah, there's Jason. He's the pump it is arm up and there. Yeah, we got some sports crap on the y'all show.
You know something you better watch. You're going to become another very jackass. You know what?
That's a real shot too, but I'm telling you you're a good guy. Jason, but you're on your way.
If you don't watch yourself very carefully. One of these days you're going to wake up and look just like Barry Jackass.
If he works in clothes, yeah. What does that mean?
No, we haven't seen Barry dress. I saw him at the airport that time.
Well, he doesn't dress. Mommy dresses him. Don't you understand that? Oh, yeah.
Mommy dresses him every morning, right and early, packs him a little brown bag, a little brown sack.
That's Barry. And then like I said, Hank better watch it because one day mom will pull up in the parking lot down here.
It'll be the first drive by shooting in history in the human race where mommy had to drive the shooter.
Because Barry doesn't, Barry doesn't drive. Don't you understand that? Barry doesn't drive.
That's not true. You're making it. It is true. That's what I'm told by people who claim to know.
But I better not talk about it too much because then he'll print some phony stories about Hank and some stripper in there.
What kind of retard can't drive a car? And by the way, is that like shocking news about Hank and strippers? Is that anything shocking about that?
Oh, I say more power to him. What's wrong with that?
Hank is bisexual when he wants it. He abides it. I don't see anything wrong with that. Has good pace on what I've seen.
22 before one at five sixty WQA. I'm sorry for that.
You.
We always get together for it.
You have ourselves a family time. Watch it.
FBN. It's a football. One day time.
So we can't let out other guys.
Since we all have fortune-times, what do you think about taking a chance?
We'll start a game.
Do so that you won't get no better than drop our hands.
We'll start a game.
I'll learn. And that's my real fortune.
We'll start our kill and chase at our favorite sea.
Do the moon.
And then we'll give the blue rotation.
And we'll follow the old rule.
Do the moon.
Welcome.
My show who we only get by.
We'll start a game alone.
And then we'll sing a little bit.
We'll sing something.
We'll ride a yard with a game alone.
And fight out who's circling.
We'll start a game alone.
We'll start a game alone.
Oh!
We'll start a game alone.
Call 44-560.
God damn it. It's almost about a clock.
This show just goes by like grease lightning, man.
When you have it a good time.
Am I having a good time lately?
Yeah.
But you're sweet ass.
Bower reviles Vermont gay ruling.
What a surprise that is.
Gary Bower.
He looks like a Grinch.
He's a Grinch.
He's a Grinch to the human race.
And the best news about that is the Republican party
even as right wing is so many of its members are.
In the national polls, you know what he said pull on these days?
No, not his donkey.
One percent nationwide for the Umsh's ultra right wing
fascist Gary Bower.
Who never made a fag or any other minority that he was too crazy about?
Manchester New Hampshire conservative GOP presidential hopeful.
Gary Bower on Monday compared Vermont's
Supreme Court decision recognizing gay couples to an act of terrorism.
Huh? Maybe he's got blowing on his mind.
You know what I'm saying?
And terrorists they blow things up in some of those bags they blow well.
I think he's full of Schmidt.
I think with the Vermont Supreme.
I just like the way that sounds so much, you know?
I get like excitement in my growing when I say that.
I think what the Vermont Supreme Court did last week was in some ways
worse than terrorism.
Bower said it is a New Hampshire campaign headquarters.
The religious activists said he strongly disagreed
with the December 20th Vermont Supreme Court ruling that the state must grant the same protection to gay couples
as it does to married couples.
Bower called the decision another example of a judicial decision that attacks America's deeply held values.
Maybe he meant America's deeply held prejudices.
That what he meant?
Oh, he may have been spoken.
And he said he was disappointed that his Republican rivals have not spoken up.
Accusing the other Republican contenders for the nomination of surrendering their party's conservative agenda,
he urged Texas governor George W. Bush and publisher Steve Forbes to find their voices on these issues
and started attacking those goddamn faggot.
Forbes however has spoken out.
It was a flagrant example of judicial activism.
He said I believe in traditional marriage.
The court overstepped its bounds.
This if anything is a matter for the people decide not judges Forbes said that they have the decision.
For the people decide.
So in other words, when we had the Civil Rights Act in 1964 passed,
that should have been decided by the Congress or by the courts.
That should be decided not the people vote on it.
So let's have all the minorities have their rights voted on by the majority.
Does that make any sense to you?
No.
No, of course not.
But then against the Forbes with that wing high finger complexion,
is he got an A-chan?
No.
He's a real exciting guy, isn't he?
No.
God.
If ever there were a pair of walking turds, Steve Forbes and Gary Bauer.
Does he have palsy, Steve Forbes?
Hopefully.
Soon.
During a campaign trip to Vermont in October,
voice study opposed legalizing gay marriage no matter what the court ruled.
My opinion is we should not have same gender marriage.
He said, I believe marriage is between a man and a woman.
Ever seen his mother?
That's a woman?
Spokesman for senators John McCain Republican of Arizona and Orrin Snacks Republican of Utah
said their candidates objected to the Vermont High Court ruling because they're good Republicans.
And we can't cozy up to those packets too much unless it's in a log cabin.
Then it's okay.
Now see you fags out there who are Republican.
It's okay to do it as long as it's in a log cabin.
So watch out where you stick your log.
That's my advice to you.
Especially if some of these fags just get in there.
I don't want to be picking again on some of these dark folks,
but it just seems to be a spade of these crimes going on.
Shooting spring leaves to that three-engineer that talked about this yesterday briefly.
But this whole thing.
Very, very disturbing with a loaded gun, a handful of bullets and a pipe bomb.
Jonathan Eric Carter, 90.
And I know right away they would say, well, you know those kids out of Columbine,
they were white and that kid out there in all these other ones in the schools.
They were all white.
Thank God for that.
I mean, it's horrendous we had the crimes.
I'm not saying thank God for that.
At least it lets spread it around a little bit.
If we have to have some crazy people committing violent crimes.
And like all the mass murders, we have to keep hearing about that all the time.
But it just seems to me that in the, oh, do I dare say this.
Black culture in America.
I realize that's a very loose term and very generalized.
But he's lacking in some elements.
Is that a very delicate way of putting one out?
I'm really a beaming.
Yeah.
The fabric, the fiber of black culture in America is lacking in many ingredients.
And I'm not talking about colored greens either.
With a loaded gun, a handful of bullets and a pipe bomb.
Jonathan Eric Carter, 19.
Chosed the day after Christmas to settle a screw with those he felt had wronged the police say.
When he finished at 11 hour rampage to begin on Sunday,
police say Carter had hunted down five people, killing two and wounding three,
among them a former buddy who fingered him to police.
He fingered him.
The family of an ex-girlfriend and correctional officer may have processed him during a previous arrest.
His bloody work done, Carter an unemployed laborer laid down in the bathtub of a home under construction near his house in South West Mami did,
and shot himself in the head with the same 22 caliber gun he used on his victims, police say.
He left no suicide note.
In his car, they say he left behind a live pipe bomb,
police evacuated an apartment complex, and then disarmed the device without incident.
We have no clue what sparked all this,
but we're slowly helping to try to piece it together.
Said Mami police sergeant Eunice Cooper,
who department is working with the police on three different on the three different shootings.
Was Carter seeking revenge against those who had wronged him?
I'm sure in his mind that's what they thought he was doing.
Said Mami police to spokesman Juan Del Castillo.
As detectives from the two departments went from scene to scene on Sunday,
they said they began to realize the shooting all fit the same description.
A young man in a red car firing a 22 caliber piece.
And it's very, very disturbing when you read this.
In fact, there's a big piece.
This is from the Sun Settle article.
The Harold article's got a big whole thing about all the problems he had with the law.
But just this one paragraph.
Earlier this month, Buckingham was convicted of aggravated assault after threatening a hands.
Now, which one is hands with the pants?
His girlfriend, I guess, you know, full of hands.
After threatening his girlfriend with a baseball bat,
he was sentenced to, and I wait to hear this, he threatened with a baseball bat,
he was sentenced to complete anger management counseling.
And now all these people are dead and him too.
Anger management counseling.
Just like when all these barbaric, grotesque athletes do all of these things.
And I hear people on the station say, and it always gals me,
it always frost my ass when I hear it.
I'm in amazement when I hear them say,
oh, maybe they need some anger management counseling.
Isn't that something new?
Did we ever hear that before?
Like, how many years ago did that start that crap?
Five, maybe.
Five years.
Ten years ago, was there such a thing as anger management counseling?
No.
See, my idea, I know this is very revolutionary, very radical.
But my idea is when somebody is dangerous and does very violent, horrendous,
anti-social things and breaks laws, put them in jail.
That's a real good idea.
Yeah, for a long time.
Or put them in some kind of a, if it really is a psychiatric problem,
put them in some kind of a mental facility,
but not one that they can just walk in and walk out.
Like to meet your centerwood.
What a joke that is.
Who just kind of walks ill, he'd check himself in, and then he would check himself out.
I'd like to roach motel where they check in, but they never check out.
With the meet-tracy, we'll always keep checking out, unannounced like through the window.
It's amazing how many of these former dolphins, or sometimes suspended dolphins,
how many of them keep going through the window?
At various amazing times.
Just food for thought.
I mean, far be it for me to make any commentary on anybody in a way they live, you know?
Far be that for me.
Here are some good news.
Okay, stop being so negative.
Come up with some good news for once.
Please.
Those of you who live in drive in Broward County, you got to understand we're a little bit slow.
We're just a little bit slow down here.
Some other cities like real cities and real states and real places
we're living and breathing people with real technology, with real politicians,
and real DOT type people and how to get things done.
They build a whole new expressway in a year and a half.
But I think that the same people are working on our construction project,
and I don't mean the workman, okay, because they get upset.
The Scotty Mac people.
I'm talking about the people paying for it.
They're also responsible for that great, great construction project on Sunrise Boulevard at 441.
Right there by where it joins the 441 on the turnpike.
As in...
Oh my god.
Yeah.
Here's the good news that delays are near and end.
It's been a long time coming, it says.
Oh, you're in a half.
But traffic on Sunrise Boulevard in 441 should return to normal soon.
Thank god.
After the first week of January,
commuters should be able to travel in both directions on the Sunrise Boulevard bridge over 441,
according to the Florida DOT.
Before the construction started,
drivers on Sunrise would just take the bridge over 441.
If they wanted exit on the 441, they would use a ramp.
But since workers started the overhaul getting around that area,
has been pretty tricky.
It says, oh Hannah, Samson writes this in here.
What a sense of humor you got, Hannah.
It's been pretty tricky.
It's been a bitch.
It's been a pile of shmit is what it's been.
It's been a tremendous problem said,
oldest Anderson, who lives south of the intersection closer to Broward Boulevard.
He said he was ready to pick another route to avoid the intersection.
It's just miserable.
It's so backed up and everything in the street too.
There are still three months of construction left that Barbara Keller,
an FDOT spokesman,
but that works you not affect traffic or car lanes to be closed.
The $11.8 million project would start in June of 1998.
It's intended to allow the road to accommodate more traffic.
These are some of the improvements.
There's an extra turn lane in each direction.
The entire intersection and overpass have been widened.
And that's it.
These are some of the improvements to be continued.
No.
No, that's it.
A year and a half.
I mean, really did they really need to do that?
No.
But they like to disrupt your lives down here.
That's what they like the best.
Disrupt your goddamn life.
Absolutely positively.
The way that that project was handled, unacceptable.
And I give them credit.
When credit is due,
when they did a good job of widening sunrise Boulevard up by me,
I'm the first one that came on here.
It said, great job.
When I came on here and said we need a stoplight at 118th and sunrise,
within a couple of weeks, there was a stoplight.
How do you like that?
And when I came on here and said,
when you guys are going to get that working,
the next day it was working.
How do you like that?
All I can say is thank you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Goddamn it.
So when you do a good job,
I'll be the first one to say,
take saloon.
I salute you of drug drink to that.
Nice going.
But when you do a horsecraft job,
a horsemaid job,
then I'm going to be really pissed off about it and fired up.
And say, what the hell be wrong with you?
Are you a bunch of stupid barbarians?
That it takes you a year and a half to do about a three month, four month job?
And how many times, by the way, have you driven by one of these construction sites?
And they got all the traffic all screwed up.
And there's nobody working there.
All the time.
All the F in time.
So like I said, there's something real exciting.
Something to be really infused about for the new year.
A little bit of pain in the ass on sunrise at 441 up in my neck of the woods.
Proff 56 and 56 WQM if you're born.
Oh.
Oh, boy.
It's the one to two hour.
And Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Jimmy.
And Danny and Danny.
And Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
We have a photo from Nearrahmoor, hello.
Jeremy and Danny, are you sure?
Yes, she is.
So a few more letters now, which behind it both full have to go?
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
David Woodley.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
And that's more about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley Alarm Departments,
wherever you fought and comes with its own frigid air.
Okay, it's a minute after one and five sixty WKM.
That's number one with sixty bullets, by the way.
We got a shot.
So after last night, do you think they still got a shot?
No.
Here's the facts from Dean and New Hampshire, by the way, which I'm a little perplexed by his facts.
It says, I've missed a few weeks of the show.
Can I no longer listen to the show over the internet here in New Hampshire?
Please scribble me a quick response.
I'm severely bummed as in a huge fan.
Thanks to George.
And he's got a fact number.
What am I supposed to say?
We're still on the internet, right?
Yes, as far as I know.
What does that mean as far as you know?
It's a broadcast.com thing, you know, where either on or where not.
We have nothing to do with it.
It's the station and these people and it has nothing to do with the website,
except that we have a link to the people that put us on the internet.
So assuming everybody's doing what they're supposed to be doing, we're on there.
Everybody says that we're on.
Well, then we're on.
But I'm maybe what everybody's talking about is the archives,
which after December 7th, the day that will live in infamy.
Right.
The archives are out of commission.
We don't know why.
We don't know why.
We assume it's temporary.
But that again is another broadcast.com thing.
That's why Eric called yesterday and had that other idea.
Look at this straight now.
I appreciate that.
Maybe you can fact this guy or not as the case may be depending on how much
you're bored down time you got.
But there you go.
Or not.
Well, I know he's a big fan.
He wants to hear the guy there.
I'm sure he wants to hear me go pop pop pop pop.
I don't know.
I don't do email.
Now you sound like those assholes from Paxing Again.
Well, I can email it to you.
I can't stand people who live in the world of email.
Anymore that can stand computer nerds.
He's either using that fax.
Who sit there with those stupid goddamn, uh,
oh, those chat rooms.
You know, the one doesn't work on that fax machine.
And what happened with our Atlanta Braves guy there that came in here with those,
what?
Well, those four crimes that he's around there.
What does that mean?
He's a pain in the ass.
Is that what you're trying to say?
Nope.
You're trying to say he's a pain in the ass, but you want me to say it.
Because you want me to come off as the heavy.
So I just don't want to say it.
I'm just kidding.
You're going to be here guy five days.
That's why all the people come in to George.
Hey, you're in a suck up and a buddy up to George.
He's a good guy.
They won't even look in here.
They're terrified of me.
Say, I'm the bad guy, the old man, the evil old man.
But George, hey, you're going to, because you don't talk behind their back,
but you won't say it out in the open like I do,
because you're not as honest as I am.
God, dammit.
He's a great guy, but the fax machine was just going to be a loner.
Then a piece of great guy, but he gave me all those looks for it.
When I even mentioned, I didn't even add anything to the fax machine,
because if that comes in here temporarily, that'll leave permanently.
And then when that one leaves the temporary one leaves,
and we won't have a fax, what do you mean that one will leave permanently?
Oh, you think they're just a lot of...
Get up somewhere.
Oh, okay.
We'll take it.
Take it home.
I don't want it.
It's a piece of crash.
Sure it is.
So everything else we got in here, a piece of crash.
Just like Kathy Lee would say, it's a piece of Schmidt.
What we do need is just to print her, and that way we get the faxes into the computer,
and then print them up.
Yeah.
Wait until I get off the computer.
It would be nice.
Ooh, yeah.
Well, how about...
I'm sure we can swing this.
Listen, if we're going to wait, so you haven't learned two years later,
and you still haven't learned your lesson,
if we're going to wait for this cheap ass goddamn outfit to get us the stuff we need to do a radio show,
you'll wait until hell freezes over.
You'll wait till that construction project gets done in the year 2525.
I say we're going to hold it as somebody.
I don't know.
Well, I'm looking at the Roth Office supply catalog right now.
Maybe Joe Rosoli's got some of the stuff that we can use.
Because if it weren't for the TVs, where we got in the TV set,
I got them satellite things.
No.
Anything, nothing.
Because these cheap asses, they lie a lot.
Oh, we're going to give you a dance, we're going to do that.
And they give you crap, they give you squat.
And then Greg Reed runs around panting himself on the back.
This man must be delusionary.
He must be like B-fo.
He must live in a delusionary world.
You think he really believes his own bowl of Schmidt?
Or you really got to be careful.
I'm going to better go home and practice.
No, seriously, because there are different words you're going to have it
of saying them real fast.
And you got to stick the M in there, baby.
Practice your Schmidt.
Practice, practice doing your good Schmidt kids.
That's right.
Be sure in fact how about a little M in M sounds good.
They melt in your mouth.
That's what they say about M in M.
He melts in your mouth.
But nevertheless, so we'll get that all straight.
Now we'll get it.
Yeah, we'll get it tied down to a science.
And then once we get the email thing in there too,
we won't get as many of these assoal faxes from Chris Cross or whatever it is.
I don't even know what that is.
Cuban airline rated unsafe.
Oi!
See, first he starts picking on his parts and again,
and saying that there's something wrong with Black culture in America.
And it really is.
You know, the day I talked about the attitude of Black people toward women,
and I had all those calls.
Listen, that's another reason I'm glad I don't take calls.
I'm not saying that my opinions you only want to account,
but on this show, it's the one that's important.
And I stand by exactly what I said.
There's a real serious problem.
In fact, all over the world, there is still a very serious problem
with men's attitude toward women.
It's unacceptable.
But in this country, which happens to be where we live,
the attitude of like, jocks toward women is unacceptable.
And especially the attitude of Black athletes and other Black people
like the rap crowd toward women is unacceptable.
You know what I mean?
Bitch!
There you go.
Or let's elaborate.
That's fucking bitch.
Yeah, that's even better, okay?
Cuban Airlines rated unsafe.
Honey, like that.
See, this would make some of our hysterical,
like Kubano's little happy.
A continuously updated statistical study shows that Cuba's government-owned
airline is the piece of Schmitt.
It's the only one in the world that suffered more than one disaster this year.
The only government-owned airline.
Even before two crashes in less than a week killed 47 people,
statistics showed that Campania, Kubana,
they have a Vesión.
Is that correct?
Yes, a Vesión.
See, I don't have no problem reading my esponial,
but when I tried to do too fast, I stumbled in Vumble like a jerk.
I know.
It's one of the most unsafe airlines in the world.
It continuously updated statistical.
I say we need Francisco Arruca on this show.
He could read it, could roll off his tongue, in the words two.
Roll less off your tongue for your disco.
A continuously updated statistical study shows that Cuba's government-owned
airline is the only one in the world that suffered more than one disaster this year.
At December 21, the runway crash of a Kubana released DC-10 in Guatemala City
killed 25 people.
And Saturday's crash of a Russian built,
Yak-42 near Valencia, even as well, a kill-22.
A Yak-42.
Well, that's what it's called, okay?
A Yak-42.
Don't come in, Oshmit, about it.
These crashes brought the number of Kubana disasters in 1970 to 802.
One of them was a result of sabotage.
Sabotage.
The studies compiled by Todd Curtis, a safety engineer for Boeing company,
who runs a private website, airsafe.com.
Boeing has got no connection with the site.
Curtis rates airlines and the number of fatal events per number of flights.
By that standard, Kubana has got a fatal event rate of 24.
It is followed by Arrow Peru with a rate of 16.7.
Ares in Babui, 12.5, China Airlines of Taiwan, 10,
World Jordanian Airlines, 8.82,
Transportase Ayados, Arrayo,
whatever that is in Brazil.
Well, they don't speak Spanish, they speak Portuguese.
So, some others are 8.33 and Egypt there, 8.
Now, whatever that was before or after, Ramadan.
The employees of Kubana and of Cuba Civil Aviation Agency
referred questions about the company's safety record of the carrier's vice president,
Roberto Prieto Musa.
When first contacted Monday, his assistant city was in a meeting.
Later, his office phone rang unanswered.
I can't imagine why, just like those assholes in American Airlines
are they're answering the phone?
No, not lately.
There was a hand grenades back together again.
Kubana would not lead.
Now, see, this is an interesting thing.
On you godless commoners out there,
Kubana would not lead the unsafe list.
If former Soviet republics in China provided data on the number of flights,
their airlines operate.
These airlines far exceeded Kubana and every other airline
in the number of fatal accidents.
Soviet and post-soviet airlines had 17 Chinese companies had 14 since 1970.
In other words, they lie a lot.
But if they gave accurate numbers,
you'd find that they're falling out of the sky like flies.
That's their motto.
You ain't got a shmit of a chance of landing when you fly a airline.
In fact, we ought to start an airline.
No shmit airlines.
Kind of like a follow-up to a value jet.
How they doing, by the way, value jet?
Like I told you before, not a good idea to fly a plane
with a laugh and clown on the side of the plane.
Not a really good idea.
Well, the only thing worse is the one with a skull on a crossbow on the other side.
I think that's Northwest.
I'm sorry.
I want to get a great story about Northwest.
Did you ever fly Northwest?
I have never flown Northwest Airlines.
That's what I could take up.
And after reading the story, which I'm sure is all hope I didn't throw out,
oh, Jesus, I better.
I'm going to have to say here it is.
The rumor has it that they suck Northwest Airlines.
That's the popular rumor.
Nine minutes after one at 5.60 W.Q.A.
and Lockheed Neil Rogers is my lover.
Hello, I'm Chuck Heston.
During this holiday season, always plan on a holiday visit with friends and friends.
And always be prepared with an offering of kindness in the form of the small gifts.
And always assume it's never empty.
Aha!
The snow is falling, the city is wide.
You'll notice shining like a midnight.
And real alone, no, there's no one home.
You'll finally get my arm but dead.
The night is like the Christmas tree.
I could have had formal and happy together.
Because I love you, girl.
You got all the Christmas tree.
And now I know the moment is the moment is the right.
The night is the day, the day is tonight.
I'm panicking on my knees, there's no better time.
It's something to let for a moment to leave.
Tonight I'm going to give my all-girl all my heart and give it.
I thought I did something shiny and new.
I tried to find something worthy of you.
But I realized when I looked inside, there's something that my heart each is eyes.
For those I feel the magic whenever you need.
I feel even more miserable than that, because I love you, girl.
You said I always will.
And now I know the moment is the right.
The moment is the night is the day, the day is tonight.
It's something to let for a moment to leave.
Tonight I'm going to give you all my heart and give it.
You know I'll always treat you to you.
And now I know the moment you can touch you.
And now I know the moment you can touch me.
And now I know the moment you can touch me.
And now I know the moment you can touch me.
Tonight I'm going to give my all-girl all my heart and give it.
It's something to let for a moment to leave.
Tonight I'm going to give you all my heart and give it.
Tonight I'm telling all my needs, but there's no better.
It's something to let for a moment to leave.
I'll fly.
Yes.
I'm here to lead the Catholic.
Like no one ever did.
The great was that I had run the ex-bullying that night in the city.
I will travel across the world to get to thoughts and ideas.
That's going to give you the dress like a girl.
That's going to be a learn to see her.
To get religious just like me.
And join the archdiocese.
Catholic real estate is what we must be proud of.
We need what I say to you.
I find very dangerous art through or I'll live my dress and say,
we've got all dead men.
We've got to show you people.
Look at my ring-billy bones.
Don't swallow that Popeye.
Either way, your kids are out there.
I hear he's full of Smith.
It's a 180 to 560 WQM.
It's on last week.
You know, talk about chronic factors.
You get real chronic sweet art.
You hear loud and queer.
I go and get a ride.
It's the bottom parenthesis.
Take some calls.
Every fact from this guy takes him calls.
Do we miss the call?
No.
I feel like I sat down about 45 minutes ago.
How many days during the days of the phone calls that actually swill the crap on the show?
How many days would I sit here and say,
she seems like we only sat down about 25 hours ago.
I wouldn't be joking either.
It seems like it.
An exhaustive process just going scouring through
billions of phone calls, first begging for them, begging for a response,
and then having to dig through them.
Digging through a huge pile of Schmidt to try to find a little piece of gold somewhere in the middle of it.
Not worth it, baby.
Not worth it.
I have a great day, Ron, but the answer is still allowed resounding.
No.
Although we will go through the motions of taking it.
I mean, we will take a very important scientific poll tomorrow.
It kills him a good time.
Off the air, of course, give George something to do besides sitting there playing with his new etsyl.
This Volca Brine, I tell you, he gives gifts almost as good as George,
but I'll tell you one thing.
What can you do?
It's a little, it's a little model in a box.
Nice colors, red and white.
Very attractive.
Because we're late with my other toys in a box.
But nobody gives gifts like George with that lean mean fat grilling machine.
I'm telling you, I'm impressed.
You know me, I don't exaggerate.
Oh, I've put it at 50 million times.
I don't exaggerate, but God damn it, that's a good thing.
Great gift idea, okay?
This make a resolution that for the new year, first find out if somebody's got one, okay?
Or even if they have one already, they can always use more than one.
Get them the bigger one.
Get them the big one.
And the grilling machine too.
I'd sure like to have the big one for the new year.
By the way, don't forget Tom Brady is here in town.
I guess they're here already, aren't they?
Michigan? They're here.
What is he bubbling around in there?
I have no idea.
Oh, they know they're here.
Michigan's already here in Bano courses.
He's here all those red next from Alabama.
Well, Michigan's gonna kick their ass.
Let's go, Tommy.
I can't, oh, that's bad.
I just, I want to take that back.
Don't I want to take that back?
No.
Okay.
I feel unclean saying that, but nevertheless.
So speaking of Northwest Airlines, which I am pretty sure I've never flown before in my life.
And after reading this, I think maybe a good idea, good choice.
Jet passengers stranded for hours.
Why am I this buried way to help back there?
Is somewhere that most people won't see, but thanks to me, you're getting the warning here.
Air line blames nasty weather.
They seem to be having a spade, a spade of these things happening.
St. Paul Minnesota passengers on a Northwest Airlines flight said that were stuck on a plane at the airport
for about four hours before the flight was canceled.
And they were told they couldn't retrieve their luggage.
How do you like that?
All right.
By the way, where's this one moment, please?
You're scum.
You're dogdo.
There you go.
That's madness depending on them.
The complaints about Sunday's incident are familiar from Northwest,
which was sued after several thousand passengers were stranded on planes in Detroit during a January snowstorm,
because no terminal gates were available last year.
Remember that?
They sat out there forever and ever and ever and ever freezing and starving and squeezing and holding it in.
Some passengers sat for eight hours with no food, no water, and, oh, geez, overflowing toilets.
Nice, huh?
Overflowing toilets.
Just the image of that makes me wonder if this airline had fullish mint.
Northwest, based in Egan, Minnesota, said that the lay of Sunday's flight 1020 was caused by snow and freezing rain in Minneapolis St. Paul.
The flight was scheduled to leave at 6.40pm and arrive in Washington, Washington, International Airport, or after 10pm.
Passengers boarded the plane about 7.30pm and it didn't push away from the gate until about 8pm.
The plane was taken to a site away from the terminal for deicing its sat there and later on a runaway for about three hours before crew members told passengers at about 11.15pm,
keep in mind this flight was scheduled to leave at 6.40pm.
They told passengers at about 11.15pm that the flight was canceled because of four weather said passenger Amber Hep rhymes with slip.
As we were sitting there, there were tons of other planes taking off.
So it really was suspicious that it was weather related to another passenger watching the attorney Matthew Stennis.
Oh, there's a good attorney who was on the flight.
So there was a nice baby.
Passengers finally got off the plane about 11.45pm.
They boarded the plane at 7.30pm.
Four hours and a quarter later, they finally got them off the plane.
Four and a quarter hours later in a snowstorm, sitting out there on the runway.
They said people hoping to retrieve luggage were told there was no one available to unload it.
How do you like that?
And of course when they were trying to unload on the plane, there was already a war flowing. There was no place to unload that either.
Hep and Stennis were still waiting for their luggage on Monday afternoon.
How do you like them, apples, huh?
It's memorable in a sense that it's ridiculous that everything that could have gone wrong did go wrong said.
And who was in Minneapolis to spend Christmas with their family.
Northwest spokesman John Austin, through distinctions between the January incident and Sunday's flight.
I want you to listen to this response. Listen very carefully.
This is a response from a Northwest spokesman of a whole.
That was a bunch of planes coming in unable to come into a gate.
This is completely different circumstances, he said.
Can I translate that for you?
Yeah.
Let me read that paragraph again because I'm impressed by it's for by John Austin Northwest spokesman.
That was a bunch of planes coming in unable to come into a gate.
This is completely different circumstances.
Did he say this be completely different circumstances? Of course this was a close to Detroit.
St Paul. Oh no, they got a lot of white people in St Paul.
This is a single flight with a lengthy outbound delay. He said a lengthy outbound delay.
What a sense of humor they got at Northwest Airlines.
Am I going to be flying them anytime soon? No.
Even though they are part of airlines with KLM by the way.
KLM would never do that. I guarantee you that the Dutch should.
It may have a good sense of humor but they would never play games with you like that.
25 after 1 and 5, 60 WQM. You know the reason I played that song by the way is I'm realizing since this is the no lunch day.
One day a week we don't have lunch.
And ordinarily when the lunch shows up while I'm eating the lunch now the New Deal is instead of feeding my face on the air.
I give myself a nice rest.
I eat lunch and play a little bit of music a couple of extra bits.
And today I'm realizing it's no lunch day.
See if better give yourself like an extra 4 1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1 at 5, 60 WQM.
Hey look.
I'm flying.
I'm flying.
I'm flying.
I'm flying.
I'm flying.
Why do you hate me?
Because I'm on computer so I'm flying.
Why do you hate me?
Because I'm flying.
Everybody's gonna die.
People will find it.
We're murderin' the addict.
I guess I did a magazine.
Is that something worth the more?
If you believe it's the end of the world.
And see the market, crashing again.
I'm in the middle of the millionth of all time.
I'm jumping away.
I'm jumping away.
Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem.
I would like to announce the development of a new software system, which will be year 2000 compliant.
This program is known as Millenia Year Application Software System or My Ass.
Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show My Ass to everyone.
We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at My Ass.
We have not addressed networking aspects yet, so currently only one person at a time can use My Ass.
This restriction will be removed after My Ass expands.
Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous.
I never put anything in My Ass before.
I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively painless and she was actually looking forward to doing it again and was even ready to kiss My Ass.
As you begin using the program, feel free to put anything you want in My Ass.
As My Ass grows larger, we envision a time when it will be commonplace for a supervisor to hand work to an employee and say, here, stick this in My Ass.
It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond, here it is. I just pulled it out of My Ass.
Yes, a lubricant for the new Millenium.
Get Y2KY Jelly. The first one on lubricant for home. The cars, the boats or the office.
The Lover Cate for appliances. Fikes the lawn mower. The chainsaw.
Grandma's wheelcage.
I'm falling to be begun. The bow and arrow.
The white earth or the cat.
Y2KY Jelly. Available at Y2KY.
Hello citizens. This is Batman.
You know even though I'm a fictional character, the Y2K problem is real.
In other words, I may be from the comics, but there's nothing funny about Y2K.
So, what can you do, a giant chain citizen?
Heck, that's right. If you have the time right now, run out into the streets and scream your head off like a little girl.
Yelling, Y2K, Y me!
Ooh, ooh, I do get it!
You don't think Batman's coming to your rescue, do you?
I can tell you now.
Suck up on canned goods. Then withdraw all your cash from the bag and bury it in the backyard.
But be careful if you have a canine friend. Then sell your computer.
It'll be about as useful as the bad signal of noon.
You might as well get some money out of it now so you can buy a generator and lots of gasoline.
But don't store the gas in empty plastic milk containers or some unsuspecting more unlike Robin.
And you might suck it down thinking of ice tea.
Then you gotta get a stomach pump by rushing to the emergency room and you don't want to do it in costume because people tend to laugh at Batman when he's not on the silver screen fighting crime.
And they always tease Robin because his outfit is so...
Yay! But, I digress. This is Batman.
When it comes to Y2K, don't be a joker.
27.2 is 5.60 WQM. So wait a minute.
We do them profits. See, less gloom. How do you like that?
Fear is about Y2K or easing even among the crazy people.
Now that the hour is upon us, the profits of doom are retreating.
See, they do this all the time.
Oh yeah, well it's gonna be on that date or it's gonna be on that date.
The end is coming. I'm getting it. It is written. The Bible says. No tsunami said.
This one said...
A year ago, Tim Lehigh crazed you than a bed bug, by the way.
Tim Lehigh and Jerry Jenkins who sold more than 10 million copies of their left behind thrillers about the apocalypse.
Prophecy Global Upheaval on January 1st, 2000.
I bet you after a while knew you're either be a lot of...
Yeah, people.
Huh?
In fact, I bet you after last night's dolphins game for many reasons, there was lots of...
Lots of people, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, that too.
The Y2K bug could trigger financial meltdown they warned readers on their website,
making it possible for the anti-crystery as emissaries to dominate the world commercially until it's destroyed.
How do you like that?
See, the internet basically, besides this show, the internet is a place for crazy people.
I mean, there's some good information on there, but the internet is primarily a place where crazy people
apply their trade.
Where con artists apply their trade.
Where people sell prescription drugs illegally over the internet, et cetera and so on.
Where there's like all sorts of pornographic material, uh...
All right.
Exactly.
Reminded of his website prediction of a financial meltdown, well, wait a minute, Jenkins said,
we don't think it relates to Y2K at all.
Talk about singing a different tune, and we're bemused by people who do.
Who do do?
Reminded of his website prediction of a financial meltdown, he said,
we regret having talked about it.
Over the last year, Jenkins said he's been reassuring nervous fans they have nothing to fear.
Put him.
Nothing to fear, but assholes themselves.
Even those who fully embraced the day this late is last month are now backing down.
How do you like that?
Some heads there bet you're minding everyone they've only said maybe,
or they never specified the Western world or January 1st exactly.
You know, I give or take 20 or 30 years.
Others, such as the Reverend Jerry Falball, say they have read the Y2K compliance reports
and found them soothing.
He's sood.
I bet he's reminiscent of taking Winky right now.
He's sood.
Our respecting a humdrum New Year's Eve.
They're respecting a hum...a hum job on New Year's Eve.
Is that what that said?
That Vincent Jerry Falball is getting one, ah, yeah probably from Tikki Winky.
Grant Jeff for your author of titled such as the Millennium Meltdown
and Armageddon Earths last days is also Lausanne.
Earlier this year, the Toronto Based Minister wrote that the Y2K bug made set the stage
for the creation of the coming world government that was prophesized to arise in the last days.
Now, he's downsizing his expectations.
That's what I always tell him.
Whatever you're thinking, downsize your expectations.
It will be frustrating like computers, delays in waiting for planes, that kind of thing.
The Lays in waiting for planes.
How do you like that?
Are you prepared for this?
Is this a novelty in America?
Oh my God.
The Lays in waiting for planes, that kind of thing.
Jeffrey does not disavow disaster predictions, but expects them to onefold only distantly in the third world,
and not quite so assembly.
In other words, their animals anyway, let them lose their souls.
It's not a January problem, Jeffrey.
It will manifest itself gradually throughout the year, like maybe in March or April or May, or maybe even later.
Yeah.
That's like going to the track.
Yeah, this horse is number six.
He's going to finish first, or maybe second, or maybe third, or maybe a dead last, or maybe he won't finish the race at all.
Maybe he'll break down and go to the glue factory.
Oh, that's choice.
It will manifest itself.
This is like the, you know what this is like?
The people that listen to Art Bell.
The crazy people, the twilight zone people, the out of this world people, and believe me.
They're out there.
There are millions of them.
The Art Bell crowd.
If not a January problem, it will manifest itself gradually throughout the year, like maybe in March or April or May, or even later.
Said the Schmidthead.
It seems that the apocalypse has been postponed.
Now that the date is tangible, signs of the second coming of Christ are becoming hazy.
They're becoming hazy.
It must be those lazy, hazy days of winter.
That guy, damn, that quality just could never get a season's right.
You know what?
And of course those black folks think you're real nervous about winter time up north, because when you go outside in the winter and everything else is white, and you're like dark black.
Oh boy, stand out like a sword.
Anyway, the millions of fundamentalist Christians who seized in the Y2K Buggers through that a techno-idolatrous world was doomed.
Now see it as more of a nuisance.
So it's not like the end of the world as we knew it.
It's just a nuisance, kind of a pain in the...
Brecked home.
Yeah.
Oh, this is good stuff to be continued.
And then I want to give like about 30 seconds to those Panthers who by the way have a spectacular season.
And only made page 422 in both papers this morning, because we had 75,000 articles about...
Uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Number one with 84 bullets, by the way.
Yeah, let's hear it.
Thanks coming up from Cool City by the way, at two o'clock.
You think he's going to be talking about...
Uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Think he might be talking about that day?
Uh-huh.
Just might.
Hopefully he'll be talking while I'm driving home.
I don't want to hear those callers.
I don't want to hear.
I don't want to tell anybody else what to do.
I don't want to hear the callers, okay, please.
I can't take one more.
Not one more.
Uh, Jimmy.
No, not even that.
21 before 2 at 560, WQAM 70.
Be very afraid.
Okay.
And if you had not a bus,
would you be always too strong?
Is there a cure?
If your bus could come down with my air,
for every year, would you be willing to?
Would you be willing to hide it?
If it wasn't for my bus, would my crew be done?
And would this only be because you're number one?
Because I'm a girl, tell me if it's worth the night.
Would I be the star in the movie outside?
Then the candy, and all they see,
they're not the same.
They want to grab it, grab it all they see.
If you had not a bus, would you have a memory with those bad things?
Yes.
Welcome.
If you had not cash with a big ol' ship,
would I have been your king?
I would not be king.
If you had not a bus, would you have a memory with those bad things?
This is the middle of the year, the media ought to make it.
First, I'll never live up to it because it would put all those tablets out of business.
Let's say goodbye to all the scumbags in the year 2000.
Let's not hear any more about God, then,
Carmen, lecturers in the East,
and about Jennifer, what's her name?
Lopez, and puffed atting all these other assholes.
What do you say?
How's it going to make?
Any chance of it happening?
No.
Anyway, continuing with this fantastic, good news.
Great news, you see, because now is the day come closer.
They have to like back off their store as well.
Maybe it isn't going to be in just three or four days.
Maybe it's going to be a week from Sookas.
And that's what the farthest of the go-and-mare saying.
It's going to be two weeks from Sookas.
That's what we're going to have big tourists.
They don't even know what it means.
The end times people are backing down, said Damien Thompson,
author of the end of time,
Faith and Fear and the Shadow of the Millennium,
a study of Doomsday cults.
Be a friend.
Be very, very, very.
Earlier this year, Falwell distributed a packet.
No way to hear this.
A packet on the Y2K time bomb,
including a video of Christians' Guide to the Millennium Bug,
and a family readiness checklist,
telling people to stuck up on gardening utensils,
Qtips and peanut butter and jelly.
What are they going to be doing with those Qtips?
Cleaning out their rectum.
That must be what it is.
Now, you clean out yours first or afterwards.
Huh?
Because I think that if you clean out afterward,
your hearing would become really shmitty.
Y2K is God's instrument to humble this nation,
Falwell said on television last year.
Of course, he also said on television last year
that, uh, I think he winked at me with a damn little faggot
with a silly little purse.
Falwell said he no longer a fatalist.
In fact, he's encouraged.
He withdrew the video a few weeks ago,
and has been toning down the visions.
I don't anticipate any major problems.
He said I would fly in an airplane that day.
Good.
Maybe a Cuban airliner would be good, huh?
Or maybe one of those Chinese jobs.
That flies out like on a slant.
When it was first revealed the Y2K bugs,
sood of the apocalyptic temperament,
from the mainstream to the fringes,
evangelical Christians about to the Y2K bug as their own.
For two years, they've helped conferences,
teaching the flock how to filter water,
bag sand, and dry peas.
I've never had a dry pea.
Mine usually wet.
Yeah, you know you're in bad shape when you start having the dry peas.
Is that like the DTs, the dry peas?
Yeah.
Oh my god, I woke up this morning and had the dry peas.
Woo!
Man.
Popular, this is just, I mean, these people, they're crazy.
They're crazy people.
And Larry King keeps putting these assholes on the air,
and they keep coming on all these shows.
And they talk to them like they're respectable like, you know,
upstanding citizens like their opinion means something.
Popular Christian magazines have advertised Gold Bullion
and Raptor Insurance policies in case you were snatched up to Heaven,
but your loved ones were left behind.
What was that about snatching Heaven?
Something like that?
But as the day approaches,
even some of the fringe groups are mellowing.
How do you like that?
They're mellowing.
The Reverend Ralph Moats,
who's probably building one right now.
For example, who relocated some of his California followers
to rural Montana in 1992,
probably living right down the street from Mark Furman,
to prepare for Dums Day.
That's right, rural Montana, you like that a lot?
A lot.
Yeah, like Shelby.
Oh, that's what I'm saying.
Wrong side of the state.
Sorry.
Who relocated some of his California followers to rural Montana in 1992
to prepare for Dums Day sounds remarkably calm these days.
He'd be your calm down.
God has got his own schedule, he said from his Montana home.
But I think it will be just another New Year's Eve.
I'll probably be in bed by 10 o'clock.
Like many evangelicals,
Moats still believes the apocalypse will come just not necessarily right now,
when it's good and ready.
The willingness to set a date has defined a line between fringe
and mainstream views of the apocalypse ever since the Great Disappointment of 1844
since Stephen O'Leary, a fellow at the Center for Millennial Studies in Boston.
The Great Disappointment of 1844, remember that, don't you?
No.
All right.
Huh?
Miller.
That October 22nd.
Very good.
Farmer Profit William Miller gathered thousands of followers on an upstate New York
hilltop to weight transport to heaven.
By dawn, they were the town's folks favorite punch line.
Thousands of people gathered up.
I wonder where that was.
You know what the town in upstate New York that was?
I got to say over here.
Probably Canada.
Probably Geneva.
Maybe Penaean.
They became the seventh day of Venezuela.
How about Dunkirk?
How about Penaean?
I said Penaean.
How about Fredonia?
Debuella.
How about Depeu?
Yeah.
What's wrong with Depeu, huh?
In Jamestown and Dunkirk?
In La Coana and La Catalan?
Yeah, that's where a Brook Daniels is from, by the way, you didn't thought she was from New York.
She's from...
To Brook and Buffalo.
Yeah.
La Catalan.
And by the way, she's...
Also, I never finished that story about Brook Daniels.
Point of Peter Leonard.
So the scan that they're pulling over their career channel allegedly, according to him, is that
she's going into heber back operated on to get her hunchbacks straight enough, and she'll
be offered three months.
So they can't fire her ass now.
So they're putting on...
Who is it, Linda Energy Liz Wilde?
One of those bitches.
They're putting them on temporarily, allegedly temporarily.
And then when she comes back out from the operation three months, they'll put her on the year for a little while to make it look like she's...
Yeah.
And then when the ratings come out then, and they get a point two or a point one or a big fat...
Oh!
...that she's been close to burying her lately, then they'll fire her ass.
So guess what?
But don't buy a house.
That's what we are.
Even if they do straight now, you're hunchback.
So you got, well what is all that stuff from the internet?
Yeah, it's from the front line piece that I was talking about during your vacation.
About what?
I showed you about all of the different apocalyptic doom things throughout history.
Woo!
This is just another one.
Well, you are a little intellectual out there all along.
No wonder, it's got pictures.
No wonder he gets the intellectual colors.
He's like a little bad damn spikin' intellectual.
You got the pretty pictures?
Yeah.
I'm really impressed when you came up with that Miller stuff.
I'm going to fly us from the middle of the town.
I'm going to fly us from the back of them who won the Dolphin's Game last night.
He would just, you know, go like that for the game.
To the picture of him.
Which one is that?
No.
Oh, he looks like a crazy person to me.
Even from this far away.
He looks crazy in the bedbuck.
He looks crazy in the Greg Reed, and that's saying a lot.
He looks like the first thing he would say would be...
That would come right out of his purse.
Looks like a real Schmidthead to me.
That's our pull question for Mar, by the way.
Would you rather be a Schmidthead or a Schmidthead?
Ten, four, two, five...
See, that's one of the great wonders of Judaism is knowing that all the agglames don't know what you're talking about.
I love that.
Mmm.
Man, it's great.
Like talking in code.
It's like those fags, dude.
You know, we're always talking code about like a T-rooms and glory hole and stuff like that.
And enjoy it a lot when the straight people are walking around looking at each other like,
you know what that means?
You know what he just said?
No, I don't know what that is.
Yeah, sure.
We believe you.
Dead in chains.
Just the way I like them.
Like, like, she may burn in flames.
That's a bad, she great burns in flames.
One of the shame she may burn in flames.
That's the sort of business that's like another shit in flames burning in flames.
No one else can do the bad thing.
We still did not quite the same.
He did get just what's made to say another T-ray furnace light.
Those dealer stars are forever gone.
Like, he may choice interest rule funds.
So individuals end up in jail zone no more than he's mad.
Grinchers toss in the background to help.
And rest suffers the force back for fun.
In the middle of the white soul, also sometimes the T-ray furnace light.
There once was a different tune in that fall.
The car was a part of the list.
We could go and say,
He's playing that case that all of the T-ray furnace light.
When the price of the furnace was really high,
She tried to be,
It's her not.
We still have got to their guarders of the galaxy,
They were clang.
Until the 80s were breaking that tight.
For that day, we had dreams of light.
But now we can't first see,
Is that a plant?
We've been started,
It's a comet.
It's a light.
On the fifth floor,
It's light.
And on the seventh floor,
It's light.
Everyone else could go that light.
Two May furnace light.
Two May furnace light.
One is right.
What a shame.
One is 55.
Here's the guy,
145 years old,
One of the great quizzes show host of all time,
dies almost alone and forgotten and shined by everybody.
Anybody on the show here?
No.
Except for me and Volkobry, nobody cares.
He was great.
That's what was made for him.
For whatever reason,
He and that show was like a perfect marriage.
Anyway, here's the fact that says,
Here's the best news I've heard in a long time.
The Michigan Wolf reigned,
They're staying at the Eden Rock,
rhymes with sock.
They're also practicing at Burry University in Davy,
And the Tom Brady will be at the Coppethers,
And they haven't a big party.
Yeah, right.
Anyway, the good news is,
Forget about it, this fact,
So I appreciate the information,
But Jim Anderson has promised me that I'll be able to get in the showers
After the orange bull.
How do you like that?
Because my new year's resolution,
No, seriously,
I think the best I've ever played.
Along with several other things,
My most important new year's resolution,
Is that I will see Tom Brady naked,
Sometimes during the year 2000,
At the sooner, the better.
Yeah, what's wrong with that?
Jesus.
So anyway, yeah,
I think the apocalypse,
I see the face of Jesus right now.
Look at that!
And that's not the baby Jesus is either.
But, oh, baby!
So anyway,
No, seriously,
I think that the Panthers deserve a little bit of credit.
And what a stupid headline in the Herald by the way,
And I realize that Sparzer David J. Niel,
Doesn't write the headline just the article.
Which isn't that long.
much better this time cats hold the lead. I mean they they had six goals before
Tampa ever scored against Richard Schulte-Mistro his first win ever in the NHL
and nice going there Terry Murray finally he starts him to see if this kid can
play which we definitely need another goalie and he plays great and I'm sure
out until Tampa scored a short-handed goal late in the game would like how much
left in the game was 16 whatever the hell it was where is it 16 46 with three
minutes and 14 seconds left in the third period so they kicked their ass this
time they hold the lead and out of the way that's the page 90 90 after the
first 50 million articles are all got to be about the same old Jimmy and Danny
hired crap Jesus Christ and Joseph for crying out loud
I'm I'm serious it's an illness maybe some doctor out there in his audience can
come up with a cure for this some kind of a pill some kind of a magic potion
to make it go away we only got three days left in this year let's let's get rid
of this out of our system when the new year comes please please and Jimmy yeah
but anyway look at the standings here and out of all the
divisions in the national hockey league all six which team has got the biggest
lead over the next you got it you got it out there's maybe 46 points Carolina the
Peechard Huracun's 35 points and 11 point lead
and a home record the best in league only three laws about like I said the second
best after Detroit 12 3 and 2 only three losses on homies
to love you's got a one point lead over Jersey leaves have a nine point lead over Ottawa
Detroit so even with their great year only six points ahead of St. Louis
Colorado's only one point of Edmonton Phoenix only one ahead of San Jose
a lot of good races out there but the Panthers are like almost in like slim
in spite of the fact that Trevor could got injured in spite of the fact that we had a
rocky a several lot of problems out there and that Terry Marie still a bonehead in spite of
all of these things they're kicking serious ass did they get any coverage does
anybody talk about does anybody kill in fact I had a scour last night when I came
on from the track I had a scour to guide them sports channels on their
the headline sports things to get the score of the game
that's how much coverage they got and what are they showing the newspaper by
the way that they show any of the Panthers going to our camps do it with a big
game in Scott Melanby and Paul Vellbury with two more so they show any of them
no no we see the big schwarza there again
the big schwarza along the board
