4th radio 560 WQAM Miami 4th Waterdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
You're talking Neil called 560 560 cold-free, predated-broward or pound 560 on yourself.
Oh right.
The opinions of Neil, his cast's callers, or anyone else on the show,
did not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions
or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you first good.
They're back, your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band.
It's Russia Shunna-Nah with their greatest hits album, The Cop of the Cinnigar.
My rubber jacket's put it to the table baby.
My rubber jacket's put it to the table baby.
My rubber jacket's put it to the table baby.
It's your touch of hoppin, Hebrew hygiene.
That joy isn't good for you.
This album should be in every orthodotryker's collection.
Rolling stone gives it five stars of baby.
It'll have a nibbendipit in the room, who wrote the book of chose.
Star cop of the Cinnigar, you from Russia Shunna-Nah.
Available in all record stores.
We'll talk right when you get here.
Don't pass over this album.
So should I say happy new year or what?
No.
Okay.
I mean, it's not my bag.
You know, I just couldn't care less about these things.
It's not my bag, baby.
I don't care.
My Ruchatara Noya, Yada, Yada, Yada, Yada, Yada, Yada, Yada.
It's everyone's so on.
Oh my god.
Oh, there's Christine Aguilara.
Cancer for craft.
Skinny is a rail.
Anyway, bad news this morning, which I was totally unaware that he was even sick.
Ray Reki, the calmness for 30 years for the Sun Sentinel, good guy.
Not, you know, not one of those guys that wrote profound stuff.
One of those biting, which we don't really have many calmness in this town anyway.
But he was a good guy.
His heart was in the right place.
And he had pancreatic and liver cancer and died at the age of 51.
And we sent our condolences along with friends and family.
Ray Reki is just a shock.
I didn't know he was sick.
One of the few good guys in this town.
There aren't too many in the media.
I'll tell you that.
Got a lot of losers in the media in this town.
There is a letter to the editor in the same paper, by the way.
It's in fact, Ray is probably already rolling over in his grave.
In the Sun Sentinel Day, one of the most unbelievable, even in Geneva, New York.
Whatever the name of the newspaper is in Geneva, New York, they wouldn't print this letter.
That's how grotesque and how big it is and how inaccurate it is.
See, it doesn't make any sense that if you write a letter to the editor in the local newspapers,
you can make up any statistics, any crap you want, and notice, put it in there.
Unchallenged.
They don't give a crap, and especially look how long this is.
Look how much space this letter takes up.
Written by our Sineo Rodriguez of Oakland Park.
How do you like that?
A bigoted psychotic homophobic letter, which I'll get to, by the way.
All upset about the fact that we got the fags in the military,
and all about the fact that they're in these tight quarters there, you know?
All the other countries in the world, all the other civilized countries, they somehow seem to manage.
But in America, we got Don't Ask Do Kill.
Like this kid, this very windshield kid that they murdered with a baseball bat.
But nevertheless, you bet as it may.
So last night, MTV Music Awards, how many people in the audience do you think watched it?
About three, two, how about the big...
Oh, you had to be watching that.
Not that it was a good show. Was it a good show?
No.
No, it sucked.
But I watched anyway till a quarter to 11 until thank God, finally, at long last, the viewers prevailed.
The MTV viewers prevailed, I only called 80 times myself.
No, I didn't call it. I did not call once.
I thought about it.
Well, no, I'm sure if I thought what if they lose by one vote, you know?
Then I'd be feeling bad for the rest of my life.
And Port Tom Green could have been very funny last night, as he always is.
But just to be on a safe side, and by the way, you know, cutting edge MTV,
that spends 50,000 hours promuluing this big event, and how cutting edge they are,
they ran a showing delay last night.
How do you like that? What a... on cable.
This isn't an over-the-air network, keep in mind, that, you know, is regulated by the same FCCRK aircraft that we are here on the radio.
No. In addition to which it was late at night anyway, by the time they finally got around to say anything.
No, it didn't make any difference to them in delay, because there were several times,
one in particular where they took about a half a sentence from Chris Rock,
and you could see his lips were moving, but there was no sound.
Yeah, it would be like Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy, you know?
Edgar's lips were moving, and Charlie wasn't saying anything, which is a really bad ventriloquist.
Gotsy Ballsy MTV, and they got... and Chris Rock, by the way, I'm sorry.
You know, he's a funny guy in his stand-up stuff, but there are some people who just...
And last night it was shown beyond a shadow of a doubt. This man's got no talent.
If you can't add lib to fill 15 or 20 seconds, every time they would tell him to stretch, all he would do was say,
oh, well, La Vida Loka... La Vida Loka... the stretch, they wanted to stretch.
He couldn't fill 15 or 20 seconds.
I'd like to see a guy like that sitting here and do four hours live on a radio someday, just once.
Just one day, not five days a week for the rest of his life.
Just once. How do you like to see a guy like Chris Rock coming and add lib for four hours?
And keep in mind almost everything that these guys say, almost every single word, it's on the teleprompter.
It's all written out. Time to cut cards.
That's a real talent there.
In addition to which, maybe I'm wrong.
Okay, maybe it's my racism bleeding through again, but is it possible that Chris Rock is a professional sparser that all he knows?
That's all he talked about.
From the very moment that he came on about, oh, he's the first black man at the Met who was on stage without a mop.
Which was a mildly amusing line if it would have ended there, but that was only the beginning and black this and black that and white guys trying to be black and yada yada yada.
And see, I thought about it last night and the interesting part, see, I like all those black artists who could really sing.
But of course, we were told back in the 60s and 70s that those were those were black artists for white people, the Motown people.
You know, Marvin Gaye and the Temptations and the Tammy Terrell and the Marvelettes and the Martha and the Vandellas and the Supremes and the Miracles and Temptations and David Ruffin and on and on.
I could go on with a million of those people.
All black artists who I love, I love their music.
So a campy racism creeping through there, but did this the idea of black recording artists today, Lauren Hill in particular.
Can Lauren Hill sing a note now?
That's your music.
Now you're doing that in tune, so you're doing that wrong.
Oh, and thank God that I went to bed, accorded to 11 when I have to the viewers choice award came in.
Yeah. Thank God for that.
And by the way, you leave the God traffic home.
I'm going to please sweetheart.
I'm not for the God's will crap already.
Please Brian.
See, they won the award the way only one that really counted because there wasn't political.
It was by the viewers, which is what MTV is supposed to be all about anyway.
And so if it was you know, 30 million screaming little girls calling it, that's okay.
You know, and the phone company can use their money.
But I mean, Lauren Hill and Ricky Martin.
I mean, this is a travesty.
It's a joke and they give us all this hype.
They put the show on in delay so that to make sure that there's really nothing provocative.
They take Tom Green, who's the only funny guy in any way associated with that last night.
I mean, buddy, Hacker used to be funny 40 years ago, you know.
And what was he doing there?
At living because the other guys couldn't.
No, I understand that.
But I mean, what was he doing there?
And what was we just filled in doing there?
Token old people.
Jesus Christ.
He was talking.
Oh my God.
I wonder he acted like that.
Yeah, we have to have some token old parts on there.
I guess to make it look like for all of us old parts that we're watching.
I hate to break the news to you guys at MTV.
The only reason that old parts like us watch MTV is to see the young people with as little clothing on as possible.
And speaking of young people, Britney.
They're interviewing her outside before the show and she's got her usual.
You know, she looked great, but she had that usual pasty complex numbers.
One thing she doesn't have in spite of all those videos on the beach.
They evidently don't let her out very much because she's got a pasty almost.
I would say even pastier than George, which is saying a lot.
I haven't worked on my 10 and I said that I just took a look before I said that.
Even compared to what she usually looks like, why does it go.
And this is before the show last night.
Then she comes out to do her number, which by the way, why do we need somebody as big as Britney Spears to share a number within think.
Which as much as I can't stand them and as bad as they are, each one of those groups is big enough.
You know what I'm saying that they should have had their own segment.
No, we don't do that.
We have to like blend them in together and here's Britney come that the thing opens up.
And here she is looking like she just put on six cans of that 10 and a can.
You know that stuff you buy at BirdEin with the you know, at the drugstore that spray on stuff that gives you an instant tan.
She looked at it.
Maybe that's because she wanted to be one of the smarts in the thing.
She thought she wouldn't award.
Other than Ricky Martin for about the first hour and a half.
I was wondering is there a white person going to win any award tonight?
No.
And then we finally got to M&M and Fat Boy slim and a Backstreet boys.
But other than that.
It was a pretty shfarts evening there at New York last night.
Which doesn't bother me if we're talking about people who can sing.
Oh my God.
Lauren Hielin is these rappers.
Oh God almighty.
Oh it's hip hop.
I'm sorry.
It's hip hop.
You see you take a bogus form of music which used to be called rap music.
And then you change the name of it to something called hip hop.
And then it makes it seem like it's real music.
Like it's respectable.
Is it real music?
No.
It's garbage.
It's a testament to illiteracy and stupidity is what it is.
Of course I left out TLC too by the way.
Because I already had the breakfast this morning from our good friends at Dunkin Donuts.
Without the bread of course.
Thank you guys.
Every Friday.
I look forward to Friday morning for several reasons.
But especially today.
Today was payday.
Nice going Miriam.
Thank you sweetheart.
So maybe we'll get some input on the MTV music show.
Because after all the hype job that was done was unbelievable.
Jennifer Lopez.
She looked pretty skanky.
Although see that was the only good material Chris Rockhead was about her aunts and Ricky Martin's
ass.
And you notice because they were just showing some of it a few minutes ago.
The Ricky Martin, his performance.
Now when he was doing shake in the booty thing with live in La Lepenga, loca.
That was fine.
Because that's what he does.
But when he went into his new song, whatever the name of it is, she's a more feminine than I am or something like that.
I mean that was embarrassing Ricky.
Embarrassing.
Even I who can't stand Ricky Martin.
I mean I was embarrassed for this sweetheart.
Although she did look pretty good.
It's 11 after 10 at 560 WQM here.
Can't think this sh**.
Say.
All right.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
Like the day.
We adopted.
So it is true.
It's true, you have rank.
You said it's true.
You have rank.
You're against all our ways.
You can't stand flesh.
You get under your control.
Various kinds of people just make you a haga寂。
And I've already remembered it.
I was so concerned.
Silver pie.
And don't dwell your old girls,
who think we're as cute as indeed.
Yeah, as they get older, they all figure out
where hiding our latency.
One thing is for sure,
when we get married, you'll be with me.
What I told you was a delicate cycle,
long to steal, long to shoot with your smile,
you'll buzz a day.
We think that we can bear the same.
We can't wait to win that game.
I shoot with my game.
Okay, I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you.
First of all, Nick Carter has more talent
than his right toad than you will ever have.
And he's not a pineapple head, you stupid fat maggot.
Thank you. 10, 17 at 5, 60, WQM.
Maybe some of these people actually watched at the Garbers last night.
Here's North Miami.
Oh, and you didn't redo the phone, so we can't talk to the...
You know, something, this is enough to make me want to get up and walk out.
It really is.
Got a whole bunch of calls on here.
We've had a really brutal dreadful week.
Now we've got to reboot the whole phone system,
which means all these people are going to drop off.
This is not the way to do a radio show, Greg Read.
This is not the way to have to do a radio show, Bluff Lindsay.
Get off your goddamn duff.
Give us a phone system that works,
so we don't have to pocky around and play games every goddamn day.
To put phone calls on here.
There's something wrong with this company, man.
There's something wrong with you, Greg Read.
Man, oh man, this just...
It's unbelievable. I'm sitting here. I'm as happy as a moon.
I got my check in my pocket.
A backstreet boys won the viewers' choice thing,
which is the important one last night.
Life is sweet. Everything is going along great.
Got a billion people on the phone, all of a sudden.
More than we've had all week.
And now we've got to go through this embarrassment again
to try to kill a little time and cover up.
Maybe we should have brought Chris Rock in here to fill a 30 seconds.
Cover up for the fact that we got a horse ball,
which is another lie.
We had this call.
We had this crap phone system, this Mickey Mouse tinkered toy down on the second floor.
And the promise was, when we moved into these
polatial new studios up here on the third floor,
with this space age equipment that we at least have, you know,
like they have 50 yards away, 20 yards away,
and the other goddamn studio, they got a real goddamn phone system.
And a real studio, too, by the way,
they had a half a dozen people,
and except for Randy Moller this morning,
you could actually hear everybody else.
And Randy didn't care, by the way.
It's unbelievable.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Good morning.
Yes, sir. I was great till about 30 seconds ago.
Well, I watched MTV Awards last night off and all that.
Yes, sir.
And I agree with you some of your comments,
but I disagree with a little of your others.
And thumbs are like, for example,
like, your pop music is a whole lot of stuff.
Like, to that?
No, no. This is where I disagree with you.
Some of the hip hop is actually musicians.
Some of them.
Yeah, actually.
Now, you're not going to tell me Lauren Hill.
Lauren Hill can sing.
Oh, wow.
Oh, my God.
Breakfast thing is coming up.
No, no, no, no.
She goes going to the rap thing, whatever.
But I have heard of it.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
But Neil, you can give her a practice.
You're giving her a yo, yo, yo.
But you know what?
I think one of the things that happened
and I knew you and I talked about this before.
This whole, your literacy class,
it goes into the hip hop mess.
Yeah.
I think, I think you see a lot of that.
That's very pervasive in industry.
Even with mess and others have gone that way where.
Oh, and then, oh, you mentioned real smith.
That's another one now.
Here's this, this self-aggrandizing,
no talent son of a bitch who comes on to her and wins an award
for that Miami piece of crap video he did,
which is a piece of garbage.
And he gets up there and he's got to show how much better
he is than everybody else.
Oh, nobody gets killed and there's no profanity
in any of my videos.
Can I tell you what that's about?
What is that about?
In the black community.
When you become, you know, this is very perverse.
And this is very bad ass backwards.
But when you become successful,
all of a sudden you sell out.
So then you have people who can very successful,
commercial week, commercial successful.
And then you have to go and explain themselves
to the sugary in the community.
No, no, no.
It looked to me like he was trying to make,
put himself above everybody.
I'm so much healthier than all the rest of you,
Spargers, because I'm not the, you know,
I think he was trying to answer his critics to call him a sellout.
And he wanted to say, look, I made, you know, I make you a sellout.
And then you would be a compliment.
He's a no talent.
He's got no talent.
One other thing, no, Neil.
But you think that he can sing?
No, I heard no.
But let me tell you this, Neil.
The one area I agree with you, though, the one thing.
You know, I can sit down and every word.
Could you sit there and say who was going to win based on the politics?
Yeah.
I mean, literally you could sit there and go,
I know who's going to win this,
because this is what M.P.D. would do to be politically correct.
And thank God that they had the viewers' choice thing last night
or the backstreet boys would have got shut out,
which, you know, whether you like them or not,
the fact is they're the most popular group in the world today.
Not just here, but all over the world.
And, you know, Lauren Hill and Ricky Martin,
I mean, enough with that crap already.
Did he win?
Did he come in?
I said to be about the backstreet boys way.
Did he win?
Did he come in?
I said to be about the backstreet boys way.
Not at all.
In fact, he was praying that they would have won over Lauren Hill for...
See, I went to bed after the viewers' choice,
because I forgot that there was one more for best video of the year.
And thank God I did, because I would have been psychotic.
I would have been as upset as Madonna.
Do you know how to say the George come in, T.O.?
No, no, that's what I just said.
No, I don't know.
I'm not going to a muggy meal.
Okay, thanks.
Well, he was moderately happy, because, well, corn got won,
so you ought to be happy about that.
Oh, I don't think they did.
They didn't get won.
Oh, they think they got won.
Yes, they did.
They got won for something.
So they suck.
560, 560, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05
05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05
05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 04, 05, 09, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 08, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 06, 05, 05, 157 hele 10 days
but the book of put up with britney spears and tlc i have no idea
well britney they don't care about the music they just want to see her ass and
her all arrested but she looks a little chunked up last night i thought point one
and tlc what an embarrassing that is in the hard ridiculous outfits they had
on and then jump around and do nothing but lip sync
yeah they try to hide the fact by letting one of the girls wrap about thirty
second there's a window we're not we're not we're not lip syncing is it was such
it was bogus what a joke yeah i did want to say
why did you think about the run dmc and aros miss bit i thought it was really
fun i thought it was yeah i was excited when steve caligat up there he's great
but one point was great i had to admit i had to think of you when when backstreet
boys wanted they got up there and they said i want to thank god yeah that was
Brian yeah i just wanted to fall down made me made me wish it could do that
heart operation over one more time come on Brian cut the crap
uh that was good though that they got it nine each day also fun
i enjoyed it they were fun what was that what was it i like not inch nails but what was that i don't
know that's not quite sure but i i thought it was a entertaining show and Chris
rock jokes uh please don't tell me i mean Chris rock had a couple of funny lines
a little bit repeating the same thing about generous ash and ricky martin's ash
but after the tenth time it got a little bit failed
hold the mic i hope you look up a little bit love he kept saying the same thing
over and over again like he had no material
it was i don't know how how you can let people lip sync on a big show like that
yeah but you got to understand that well wait a minute though and see he pointed that out which i think is very unfair
because even though i can't stand uh um uh in in stink i can't stand it the fact is that when you got
uh numbers that are choreographed where people are dancing and jumping around they always lip sync you can't sing while you're doing
they did thing in sync sang did they sing they lip sync they were lip syncing they changed the record because i
thought they were singing i thought it was odd how they put them together yeah uh it's obviously
yeah but brity was doing i mean she was uh spitting all over the place you know that was just
terrible okay have a great day pal yeah you know like britney even i like britney
even i'm kind of uh tempted well i'm a little bit crazy but nevertheless well kind of like
john henry you know he likes that new video of uh that she's got out because he said i must be crazy
i must be nuts five six seven oh five sixty pun and of course we got the hottest ticket in town the sex
club trial that's on the front page of the paper today we'll get an event hottest ticket in town
my favorite part of that story by the way is about the nine married couples having sex with their
married partners who are arrested that's my favorite as once again america keeps showing its big fat
rectum to the world but i'd still like to challenge you assholes you coward and i and i interrupted
myself about ten times before i kept trying to talk about tom green tom green was the only guy who
could have made that thing really funny last night and they were so terrified that he was going to
come in there and do something really off the wall which i'm sure you would have that they you
know the the assignment for tom was sending their money outside as far away as possible outside on
the streets in the york given out the phone numbers for the viewers choice awards man that was and he
could have been a panic he could have been just i mean the the possibilities are endless knowing
how sick he is he should have hosted it right oh that would have been phenomenal they need to hurt
some humor god christ fricken rock you're as stale as last year's matsu man get out of here i'm sorry
matsu is a white well it's got a little of dark twenty if you're posted long enough twenty six past
ten and five sixty wq m are right why they you
i quit and my ambition i'm a fact who likes to fall i'm here to remove this mission it's back but
all
I like I like I like that's hurt i'm gonna be
I'm not a good guy.
I'm not a good guy.
You're too sweet, Morgan.
I'm not a good guy.
You're too much time, you're about to call the carriage.
I thought you were an addition to what I could serve.
I found you to do a distinction.
I liked to do where I'd tread.
I heard back before, I was falling in the back, I tried to find.
I was not one final choice on what you said to me.
I was like a boy in a movie guy.
He's got a job out of our time.
You'll be the best of us all.
I like, I said, I tried to find.
You'll be the best of us all.
You'll be the best of us all.
You'll be the best of us all.
Who was the trick that was wearing the pasty on one, it, oh, little Kim, little Kim, the Diana Ross came on.
Highlighted like a little whack.
That was probably the highlight, yeah.
How does Ticket and Town sex club trial this missile decision unlikely this week?
Let the show begin.
It says, hurry step on in with about 24 defendants, three judges, and possibly as many as 12 lawyers, many of whom beg to join the case.
All in one courtroom, getting into today's hearing in the Broward County sex club trial might be tough.
It says something in order.
The defense promises that testimony will be titillating.
It said, I'm sorry, it'll be.
Two men and a woman nick it in a hot tub in a grainy video shot with a fanny pack cam or fanny pack.
Does that mean as in rectum that may make some faces red?
Broward County's case against the swingers returns for round two was the Horde of lawyers tried to persuade a panel of three judges to dismiss charges of ludenless,
serious behavior on tap according to defense attorneys as testimony from undercover brow chair steputies who strip naked for a dip in a hot tub of club trapeze to and who secretly recorded video footage of couples making love during pre raid maneuvers at trapeze in February.
This is America baby.
Keep this in mind.
Your paying tax money for this crap to go on.
Okay.
A ruling from the court on motions to dismiss is unlikely this week, however, the three jurors led by county judge Lisa trackman also include judges spread J Burman Robert W Williams.
The case stems from the sheriff's raid in February on trapeze in a raid in January on the now closed the penis form in your pomp and obiach interest in the cases gone national with the raids becoming the subject of jokes on several TV programs including the tonight show in some Florida many residents have registered their own happiness with the arrest on radio talk shows.
And in 50 email info messages a day to the Harold of the 50 people arrested at the clubs, 10 have enrolled in a pre trial intervention program and paid a fine others have had their cases dismissed the rest are fighting the second to be Mr. Meener charges claiming that their sex lives are their business and that they did nothing illegal.
Two Howard schoolteachers arrested at a penis form have been suspended with pay for lottery lawyer Fred Halper to represent eight defendants had new facts about the police investigation of the trapeze of cumulitis the results of documents filed in the case he said as many as eight vice squad detectives registered as members of the club in the days before the raid.
A man and she said to shoot a very grainy old videotape of what police say with lube behavior a spokesman for the Broward Sheriff's office that he didn't know whether such a video was filmed club co owner Alan Masta who is one of those arrested said an officer apparently was able to conceal the camera in a fanny pack.
I bet you I know who one of the guys was now Mr. Fanny pack our friend you know.
Two detectives a man and a woman stripped and got into one of the clubs three hot pups with a male patron help her and said other officers don't owls and observed swinging couples in rooms at the back of the club were nine married couples having sex with their married partners were arrested.
Underlined in pink also on the witness list help her and said our several members of the Fort Lauderdale police department which was not involved in the raids.
Ray Hall or Fort Lauderdale officer arrested a trapeze with his wife testified in earlier hearing that he had researched the idea of attending the club by asking his colleagues that they thought clubs were sex was consenting couples occurred was illegal he said that they told them they believed they were legal he was doing his research is what he was doing over a.
This is going on tax dollars of being spent all kinds of lawyers are getting their ass involved in this just absolutely unbelievable unacceptable.
Here's Miami hello okay sir.
I just got a couple comments on the on the show that you were show Chris rock I mean it's each professional shot right everything is black black black.
So he talked about it is no talent he makes so much money for such lack of talent.
Another thing when you got a guy that can't feel 15 or 20 seconds to her three times and can't add a little bit better than he did I mean he couldn't live at all they keep telling me the stretch.
I love it I love it I love it I was I was embarrassed for him.
I mean he said a couple funny things but come on another thing was when you're on for three and a half hours you better say something funny.
Yeah well you just said it I call to tell you that to you said it will Smith I want when he said that that he doesn't curse or whatever is environmental no violence I thought of it that he's trying to be like goody too she's here.
That's right that's what he was trying to show how good he is how what a bunch of scumbags the other guys what is he care for the people cursed and he's on to their and their songs what would he have to tell.
And then there was one good line after that because Chris Rock said you know after after he got through with that oh I curse all the time and you would have thought that there would have been a lot of laughter and it was like this deafening silence like all of a sudden will Smith and you know he had subdued the whole audience in this feeling of goody too she's.
Yeah and um the couple of things are some of the women that were on I never saw that that girl that I think I was in Christina Aguilera yeah she's terrible looking she is he's skanky.
Yeah I thought that's a reason you think when she used to that song she looked hot because of that voice whatever she's disgusting.
Yeah she can't sing too good and she looks horrible but other than that she's kind of she reminds me of like a female in sync.
She looks like crap and can't sing.
It's like a bird who knows is weird and then I'll say what in sync is terrible they dance like more that guy they dance like idiots.
Yeah.
They're out of a very I think they're terrible and the clue to them was this later single I came out when they did the record with Gloria as Stefan that should tell you where their talent lies you know what I'm saying like in their.
Yeah and Madonna is aging terribly she looks horrible I don't know if you saw her for 86 you don't look too bad I don't know I think she's.
She's an old what do you want she's an old bag now what do you expect I would I was glad that you got the one award because I was getting so tired of that Lauren Hill stuff I was happy for.
I don't even like Madonna but I do like that song yeah and she was psychotic George tells me that when they they had the final which I'd already gone to bed but the final award the video of the year and Lauren Hill got a Madonna sat there with the real.
Sarcastic pissed off look on her face you want to know who looked the best last night yeah the Schmuster who came on with Diana Ross the little thing on her breath right she looked hot no they were also a little it yeah so I thought the whole show was pretty pretty.
We can boring the group the music just the music if they had any balls at all like I say they could have bar time green in there and really made it into a wild thing had a lot of fun with it but the real paranoid and
fun to push these the music today's terrible I mean I don't like any of the groups they're not one okay I know glad you enjoyed it yeah the good time huh my final 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line as we continue dissecting and erecting I'll not be a
directing park into that North Miami Beach hello. Neil God good morning yes sir Neil just a coincidence that you're talking about music because that's what I wanted to talk you about yes I just invented a machine which behaves like a piano.
Yeah I'll play with the sounds like you're playing with it right now.
Welcome 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line 12 when we needed a real short call there 21 before 11 at 560 WQM you better.
Here's Miami hello. Okay sir listen I'm 25 and I'm in the so called quote unquote MTV generation I hate MTV and I'm sure you at least three videos a day though yeah well it's always the same three yeah that's another thing I hate music videos too I believe it or not but you know there are a couple of things and it called programs and I like then there's something I hate like the real world where they show all these wealthy teenagers and Malibu complaining about all these maladjusts and I'm not sure what I'm saying is that I'm not sure what I'm saying is that I'm not sure what I'm saying is I'm not sure what I'm saying is I'm not sure what I'm saying is I'm not sure what I'm saying is I'm not sure what I'm saying is I'm not sure what I'm saying is I'm not sure what I'm saying is I'm not sure what I'm saying is I'm not sure what I'm saying is I'm not sure what I'm saying is I'm not sure what
I'm saying is I'm not sure what I'm saying is I'm not sure what I'm saying I'm not sure what I'm saying is I'm not sure what I'm saying is
with an open dictionary plucking up dictionary words
with mixing in your your your
right
you know i'm thinking
food and the music and she looks like that and she's got a bizarre wacky
uh... attitude about everything
and it's like i'm thinking food intellectual
i mean i mean big you know it's like
i don't get it i don't understand
you know and
you know you're talking about the all you know
mtv and it's just nothing but
food intellectual and and and hype jobs you know and
and
i just you know
you know i just don't get it you know it was with
well that's why the only thing that was an mtv anymore now since they got
all of the people on these other shows are t rl because at least in the
at least in the people that watch and call in and vote for the videos that they
want to see which are usually ones most of which i like
in tom green which is a history of the other than that there's nothing there
right absolutely i like tom green
much music from uh... toronto blows mtv away any day of the week
yeah
and see music
and and you know like i said you know i mean big deal like you said
you know the viewers choice i mean i you know if i was if i was a musician i
would want it i would want either to to uh...
win the award of you know
and make it the most money or being a viewer's choice i mean
everything else is like everything else was political
really and this is hot so let's give ricky martin a bunch of awards right and
Lauren hill like you said is some kind of a uh... i don't know what it's all about
but we better make sure that you get to least three or four
absolutely and the other thing i you know you're talking about you to get
you say that he's boring i'll give you one better he's also extremely arrogant
which is pretty good for talent right
but uh... you know i hear for example of today's all more than the boss and i think
what they should do and i think and i'm like you know like somebody cares what he's
absolutely or by the way my final thing here i don't know if you heard but ray
wretchie died
yeah i mentioned that before i'll it'll shock i didn't know he was sick
i didn't either he said that he came out with the uh... with an article
you know i said he had cancer whatever i never saw it
i don't either
all right thank you good guy okay thank you
one of the good guys in town which for like i said in the media we don't have too many
we got a lot of jackasses like berry
who is continuing by the way his big good device of thing would you angel and
they will bring you know it's one thing to break that story which he did yesterday
that's fine but the legitimate story but to continue again today berry and to try
to drive away and see how divisive and obnoxious you can be it's part of the course
five lot of open lines are the shocks to hell out of me i mean we talked about
this for eight million uh... weeks about this uh... thing coming up last night
anybody watching this you know five six oh that's right it's air of russia shunnai
forgot the illogical decolon today that's uh... this week's excuse it's Jewish
holidays now for the next ten days then it'll be young kipper there we go
that'll carry us through the rest of the september
of desperation five six seven oh five sixty maybe some of the glam watch that show last night
pound five sixty on the atnt wireless line here's a mobile in bokeh hello
nil yes sir how's it going i got a couple of comments and a question
i thought Chris rock was hilarious last night you what why is that i thought he was just
straight from the lift he just spoke what he felt well i don't know to me it seemed
very contrived he kept saying the same thing over and over again about lafita
loco and get a new video and we've seen it a million times
all right uh... huh he said kept saying the same thing over and over again
and about black this and black bad and the white guys trying to be black guys
i mean you know something's our funny if you say i'm once but when you keep repeating
over and over again uh... they kind of like lose the edge you know what i'm saying
here jennifer loop is pretty good too though i like that but he but that was the same thing again
jennifer low-passes ass ricky martins ass very funny if you said it once you twice but he kept
saying it for three and a half hours i have a great american west story yeah
flutalos vegas last week i took a medical west for the first time i usually take
continental make the stop in uh...
yeah i took a medical west let me tell you something this is the first and last
time will ever take that airline i get the four loaded out of the morning
we get up we start loading the plane i'm in first class
and all of a sudden they start loading the plane they stop loading the plane all of a
and that they get on to the speaker and say uh... can everyone clear the plane something
work it go wrong now apparently a catering truck slammed into the side of the
brunette brand new planes and they had to find out if the plane could fly with his
incident so they didn't tell anybody so i get on the plane finally and they had
a good confidence booster oh we got a little dent in the side of the plane but we'll
see if we can get this thing up in the air so apparently the truck slammed into the
plane they finally got everyone and we made it that right
flight that off the flight back can't be just as bad as it happened but it's
hopped it my father was flying into newark and i was flying at the four loaded out so we both
had a connected phoenix from vegas so we both arrived in phoenix you know for our connecting flight
that we see each other we start laughing then right next to each other flight both of our flight
to delayed again here's flight something's wrong with the plane and our flight one of the planes
can't leave because something's wrong with the plane that's supposed to be departing
so we eat fit there for two hours each there you go i've never seen anything in the world like it
the worst the worst the worst never again pal just say now to a mercenaries i just got one more
question what TV were you recommending yesterday they had touched you the uh 52 inch the uh what
they call the you know uh what is the name of that whatever the ultra vision oh hotacho
better than the Sony i like it better thank you very much okay pal have a great day
and the beginning i didn't but i'm i'm just obsessed with that set now you could reach in there and
just grab and right around the neck five so by the way you backreet boys fans something very
interesting some little nuances which if you were paying close attention when they were getting
the award last night and nick reached over and grabbed the kevin around the neck and kevin looked
real like uh like get away from me man real on kevin i'm maybe i just imagined it but it looked
like he looked a little squirmly there okay like when they were asking him outside before the concert
you guys bring your girlfriends tonight and kevin said oh yeah some of us did
and then you could see in the stands kevin brine and a j brought their girlfriends
did how he and nick bring any girls no that's okay just a coincidence oh that that the bitch will
be calling up again oh that pineapple head fat don't call in that sweetheart five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in the pompadol hello
hello yes sir hey yeah how are you doing all right all right this uh you're you like those
backreet boys don't you yeah how could you possibly like someone with no talent no talent is that
why there's a hottest group all over the world oh there's a hottest group because they're young guys
and those young little girls think they're attracting yeah they are well they're not
no they say where i'd tell you but they're not now you said you said Chris rock was boring a lot of
people were boring on that show last right but yet you like the backreet boys right sometimes i don't
understand you in the old but some of the ways the things you say just just don't get me like what
crann in other words you thought Chris rock was entertaining last night you said you did a great job
Chris rock is entertaining every time he talks he's a funny into the he wasn't the least bit funny last
that except maybe a couple of snickers with Jennifer Lopez and Ricky martin's ads other than that he
was embarrassingly bad it was terrible how do you think he's terrible sir it's like asking me if
i'm eating vanilla ice cream and you're and i say this is really bland and you say to me how do
you think it's bland we like me to draw you a picture to draw you a diaphragm that's my opinion
okay pal get over it get used to it i like the backstreet boys Chris rock who i can take
relief last night i could have left because he was weak he was really really weak and i don't
come on to watch the show hoping that it's bad or hoping the mc bombs i'm not hoping for that i'm
not going to invest three hours in my life watching something hoping it's going to be really weak
the whole thing was weak and like i said gutless and spineless putting a show on in delay
because then bleeping a few things out including some of Chris rocks line because mpbs so paranoid
because they've been burned in the past because god forbid somebody should say on the air
keeping in mind again it's a cable show it's not an over the air show it's a freaking cable show
they can say the effort they can say whatever the hell they want like they do in Europe on the
channels they had that tv 14 like the whole time it was on oh that one that one covered up okay because
oh god forbid somebody a 13 and a half should hear the effort
five six seven oh five you can't understand see i hate to break the news to you
not everybody sees the world through you are your eyes okay no that comes as a real shock
user not everybody agrees maybe the majority of people in the audience this morning thought
oh Chris rock was really great last night the people who watched that show you know something
i don't care he sucked
anybody that's getting paid big bucks who's supposed to be a real funny guy who can't
live and feel 15 seconds here 30 seconds there that's not a funny guy that's a guy any
anybody can read lines that somebody writes for him but be that isn't me i'm glad you enjoyed it
and i'm also glad you hate to backstreet boys okay here's hollywood hello
nail yes sir good morning sir alaria i'm doing great i think i kind of agree because
uh Chris rock is normally a pretty pretty funny guy agree just have a fun man he took some boggy
downers or something because he just wasn't on it he didn't have any material
i think the funniest one was in the beginning when when like you say you talk about Jennifer Lopez
coming into your team that's right and that's right that and about Tommy Lee about he came out with
11 inches yeah right and i was about it i mean everything you're right stretching this and i mean
i was i couldn't i was kind of surprised i mean the very fact that he had a say that they're
telling me to stretch just you know you do a little material or in stretch that's how you're
stretching for like yep not come on there like oh what am i going to do now they're telling me
to stretch and i got no material i live in la vida loca la vida loca you know it was like he was
desperate unbelievable yeah by the way my my four year old son he's like uh i hate to admit this
but he loves the backstreet boys there you go i mean the kids born a half he knows like every word
of every song well that's that's the demographic it's actually embarrassing okay have a great day
and by the way i hate to break the news that guy called a couple of calls ago but they're
concert here on Wednesday they had to add a second concert to they they're both sold out and the
tickets are going for a thousand bucks a piece and i'll be sitting there in the front row okay sir
and phew all right can understand how i like because they're great because they can sing i know
that comes the great shock to some of you but they can actually sing what a shot and especially
is compared to most of the people who run at show last night i don't want to mention any names
like Lauren Hill or in stink or ricky martin but compared to them there are some of the great
recording artists and history mankind compared to some of those other people and nine inch nails
in that version performance last night i love them all of that but what i have no idea what that
maybe they were hanging out with Lauren Hill before the show because it was totally incoherent
i guess you had to do a lot of drugs before to show you enjoyed it more
yeah i'm wrong loads three three three minutes before eleven at five sixty wqa and
korgy bush says that his nose is clean and never put the planet
cut his running for the wide house so he just can't do it
stone drumstick that's not all he even down a few people
he called county drugway do he even dropped the message to
why won't George just come out and simply say he did it
he preferred the crackwood shut their mouth but it's not here got him business
he did more than what you think
but he washed it down the sea and he preferred cocaine to have
that's the question that he does and he made his point much clearer like a razor on a mirror
but he wants the tubelies that he didn't do anything
korgy bush says that his nose is clean and never put the planet cut his running for the
wide house so he just can't do it
korgy's green korgy's green korgy's green
go down and could be here to look at it would write now to look up each nostril it's
1102 at five sixty wqa and here's my me beach hello
i need how you doing pretty good sir good listen uh i have you seen the hero today probably
yes did you check out the uh section v the seat at the sex club trial is a hot ticket
i just got through reading the article on i missed it i'm sorry i just i just got just two
knot to it yeah and we talked about old along to their house she's in trouble
that's all the trial i had i think thank you yeah i got it nobody cares about it but i got it
here's my amy hello deal yes sir okay did you happen to be a top-ranked show last night
now i was waved beyond my mind oh yeah me too i was just wondering if you saw it to the repeat on that
repeat oh repeat oh thank god that's a good news George says it was repeat thank god
i don't feel like he didn't listen but wouldn't you agree with me i don't want to put words in
your mouth that they could have used him a lot more effectively on that show last night
or the tv or right all right watch that no way oh good good choice no way i don't like him
to begin with they wasted their time i mean they hand him out on a street like riding around in
cars with the old ladies and giving out the numbers to call in for the viewers choice awards and
giving the who the nominees were and it was just i wasn't that even mildly amusing by his standards
you know yeah i don't like Chris rock at all so there's no way i'm gonna watch that
you've been to the time green webpage no no what is it it's all it's basically just a
lot of those pictures that's pretty pretty funny yeah i saw did you hear about Lauren yellow
she would rather go poor and have like people buy her album yeah yeah she's a real uh
psycho case she can't sing she looks like crap she's a real weirdo and she's got a real crappy
attitude that's why she got 200 awards last night yeah i'm believe it and you made a good choice
thanks thank you yeah it was a crappy show let's be honest about it okay it was really disappointing
like all of mine and i didn't even watch that show but they gave it such a hype job and i've been so
much into MTV in these videos i figured i was compelled to watch it you know the spirit of
christ compelled me damn christ five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line and and you know in all the hyping that they did the thing with Robert Culp that they showed
500 times you know with the highlights the eclipse from the previous years they pointed out at
the beginning of that thing there were like 700 award shows on tv over here 700 for these people
sit around most of them are very very marginally talented some no talent at all and they sit around
and they pat each other on the back and they tell each other how wonderful they are terrific here's
my me spring hello how you doing pretty good sir yeah i know this is a little off topic that last
night i get a call at two thirty in the morning my wife answers the phone and the ask for Alexander
my now Alexander's my seven year old son umum on sand she says well who's this calling they say
american airlines and i said uh she says american airlines what do you want and they go well we're
just calling about his flight being canceled he said well Alexander seven and he's not taking a flight
and we just look at each other like what is it what are they doing calling us at two thirty in the
morning asking about our seven year old son nice so just another great uh you didn't even have
a ticket from the ghost somewhere nothing nothing so i guess they were just looking in the phone book
uh well maybe they figured they could uh he knew where there were some good drugs
well who knows you know that uh we were uh you know that kind of just looked each other well
i just convinced you if you weren't already convinced just say no to american airlines man i agree with
that okay pal have a great day see how do you like that they are so inept i heard hankel enough on
them the other day he had a horrible experience and they shipped his luggage to uh he was going to
sandy ego for the dolphin exhibition game out there and they shipped his golf clubs to Seattle or
somewhere i mean at least it begins with an s that's american airlines for like i said they don't
have time to deal with a luggage and things like this when they're too busy worrying about where to
get the cocaine and where to stick the heroin and making sure they get some of the heroin in the
pilots coffee and making sure we get the hand grenades in the overhead and have them lined up just
right fifteen more yesterday and like somebody said that when they had the first bus a few weeks ago
this is only the tip of the iceberg all you ramp rats out there that are busy taking out full
payjabs and harrow because so you're so offended instead of being offended by the media you ought to
be offended by these all these criminals all these thugs all these lunatics that are working around
you and with an airline that the hires people like this and it is so lax so lax in their hiring
practices and obviously in their security too god what an embarrassment and as usual you know
first it was a pan and games before that it was the cigar fishing auto being banned in my
international because some bitch over there decided she didn't like the article on cash throw
and now it's all the drug stuff i mean everywhere you look this is the laughing stock of the universe
we had mayor penis with this penny sales tax which uh... you know this story by the way about
the bus yesterday this was the lead story on CNN and on headline news many many newscast yesterday
as we make the big news again let's hear it stop Florida the laughing stock of the world nice
okay great thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t
right of slide here's a mobile in north mione hello okay you know this will have
a bit of a bunch of hype yeah it's really upset last night you probably felt sleep before
palm of carton you made this camera yeah i want i forgot there was one more award coming so thank
god because i i think that would have sent me off i would have had a colon sick today if i saw
Lauren hill gets a video today they told me that he said uh... some guy named Lawrence Hill
Lawrence Hill that's correct right now it's he there was he really being stupider was he just
that his uh... protect idea of uh... joke i don't know i think it was a little bit of a single
consumer yeah you know he's you know he's pretty clever and a lot of the Lauren didn't uh...
wasn't buying into a chea didn't find it the least bit of music she was having a lot of
well she's not tight bitch anyway too bad that's it well now you know we're all getting old and
uh... when you got to see the lights of uh... Diana Ross palm of carton eat and the other
cameos that run there i feel like i'm an ancient man and i'm 45 years old Steve Tyler yeah
you know that's the least those are the great entertainers they were out there last night
they sure were okay pal take care see ya five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
eighty two wireless line do we like Lorentel oh can't stand Lorentel
i just don't get it i don't understand it i mean it's like this guy to call me before can
understand my taste i just don't understand that maybe i'm wrong i guess Georgia's wrong i'm
wrong this guy's wrong Lorentel may be great put it wrong she sucks
i just don't see what's there
Oh, yes, yes, that's right.
Alright, I think I should get the least two of the awards she got last time.
I think I just did as is a little pro.
And what about mini accompaniment?
HighOLD, okay.
How about...
At the background?
9 minutes after, 11 at 5, 60, WQF 2.
Beware of exploding balls.
In theaters now, it's the blockbuster hit of the summer from the director of Star Wars, the producer of the spy who shag me, and the food cater of Muppets from space.
It's the Muppet that shag the Yoda.
A Yoda, you are looking sexy today.
I'll float out your pie hole. I'm a short squad furry creature who hasn't had sex since episode two.
I'll be brave.
My marshmallow love.
Give me a break. I'm not even anatomically correct.
I made a force to you with you Yoda.
Hey, what's it with that lightsaber, buddy?
The Muppet that shag the Yoda.
Get off of me.
We are liking this penis.
So how's Ralph Arbisson doing, by the way?
It lived in 14 at 560, WQA in 560, 05, 05, 05, 05, 05, 060 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello?
Yeah. I watched the show last night.
Yes, sir.
And the best thing about that show I thought was that actress Denise Richards.
I mean, she's a knockout. She's quite as have a brain in her head, but she looks pretty good.
But Chris Rock, I thought he was moderately funny, but he's hot right now.
So you tend to think people are funny when they're hot.
But he wasn't so great at that.
He didn't even look lukewarm to me last night.
He looked really nervous and he had no material.
And you know what?
It's not like they announced the day before that you're going to do this.
You know, weeks and months ahead of time, they hire you to do this gig.
So you think that if you got that much time to prepare for it, and you're really on a couple of minutes out of each hour,
then you really have some good material he didn't have it.
You're right about when he was struggling when he was trying to fill time.
I mean, he was really sweating it there, but the other thing is the black music is such a big money maker now for the music industry.
I mean, they almost half the throw it on there.
And that's why I think they're winning all those awards.
And when I saw Lauren Hill win that award last night, I mean, I want to throw my shoe through the TV.
I mean, it's like my son was watching it in his room.
He got up because daddy because you believe that crap.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a joke, but I mean, that's what we're stuck with now.
She put the C in rap right at the beginning of it.
Yeah, you're right.
And the last thing I'm going to say is I will have to back back three boys on Tuesday.
I have great seats.
I'm in about the fifth row.
I'm, you know, I'm 45 years old.
I like them.
I'm taking my daughter.
The third time I saw them.
I think that saw they got out now is great.
I mean, I wish I could have wrote that song.
You bet.
I mean, you know, I think they're pretty good.
Okay, I'll see you there.
There you go, man.
See you at the show.
Thanks.
You won't mind.
My final.
You see there, we have this segment of people that goes back to the boxing thing and goes back to this whole macho thing.
We have a segment of the male audience out there.
And they feel it, you know, like, like, uh, let this good.
They got to like that record because it's called Nookie.
You know, when he says Nookie 50 minutes,
they're gonna have to say,
I'm like, I'm told you before they don't even have to boss to say ass, you know, because this is America.
It's not Europe.
So we have to sanitize everything.
And if they said ass, they'd probably have to bleep it out or have a TV version and a radio version that they wouldn't play the ass part, you know.
But they do.
Because they say a lot of other crafters.
Oh, Jesus.
Well, God forbid, you know.
So, so there's a, and it's just like the thing with TRL Carson comes on air like last month.
While the backstreet boys were number one every day in the voting.
And he's very disappointed because he of course wants to make it very clear being a macho married guy that he is that he really likes Nookie better by a limp, but the biscuit, you know.
Now there's a group and their performance last night and all they did was, uh, was, uh, do one of the things, presentations, pathetic, pathetic, including the one guy that keeps falling down on the floor.
The only problem is he keeps getting back up again.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hey, you know, I done.
Okay.
Listen, you can't confuse the MTV's awards with the Grammy Awards.
Yeah.
MTV is a very narrow market and this is what those kids are listening to.
But you know, it was funny when Paul McCartney got on.
They played one of the open.
Hello.
I'm listening. You're back.
Yeah, when Paul McCartney came on the K-play, one of the classic deals to students.
I'd like to hear anybody humming one of Lauren Hill's songs.
Nah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And as far as Ray Rekki goes, he had three columns when he discovered he had cancer.
The first one was a shock and discovering he had it.
The second one he talked about his family and how he was going to fight.
And the third one was just a few weeks ago when he talked about how happy he was.
When everybody wrote in to tell him how much they loved him.
And he had about $3,000 in the letters.
Yeah, but you know, apparently all three articles were printed at times when you were on vacation.
Yeah, I had no idea.
I mean, looking to paper and I see this and we just a total shock.
I was 51 years old.
I was shocked that it was less than two months from the time he was diagnosed with cancer the time he died.
And you know, he looks just like me.
And I just, I was a big fat guy like he was and it was kind of a shock.
Well, that's that Neil.
I'm on my way to Chicago to take mommy to show tonight.
Okay.
She's not feeling well and I don't think she's going to make it down to Florida again.
So spend a week in Chicago.
See when I get back.
Zagazone.
56670560.
I was up with that.
Well, it's just the way life is.
You know, God works in mysterious ways with all these diseases that he inflicts on us.
You know, the Lord.
Male pattern baldness, rectal cancer.
You know, you name it.
He comes up with a club foot.
What they call it with the lip.
What they call it?
We're a guy.
What they call it?
No, not a candle.
A hair lip.
Yeah.
He must have just, you know, got on that particular day.
He must have just had a bad B.M. or something like that.
You know, then a real bad, the sprayman mind when he invented the hair lip.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, now.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Good evening.
This is Mike from a topic that is marketing company.
Hello.
I'm listening, sir.
Now, what I noticed about, I heard you saying something about Chris Rock and his product being dry.
Yesterday.
I said he sucked is what I said last night.
His product is sucks.
Now, what I told you, it's the same thing.
Sir, let me say it again.
I said, sir, let me say it again.
I said, sir, let me say it again.
I said, he sucked last night.
I didn't say I don't like him.
I said, I thought he was very weak last night.
Okay.
You know, I think what I noticed from your comment, though, is that when somebody like you see somebody
who's similar to you, good at what they do, you don't like it.
You mean like Tom Green?
Oh, I love Tom Green.
And so do I.
Huh?
There are a whole lot of people who I like.
And if they're good, I'll tell you about it.
I'll be the first one.
Like Phil Henry, do I not care him.
Anybody that I think is a talent, I'm delighted to tell you how to share it with the audience.
I don't see what's wrong with his show.
He wasn't funny last night, sir.
He wasn't.
He had no material.
He had one or two lines that he kept repeating over and over again.
And how many times do I need to say that?
I didn't think he was good.
And I've spoken to a lot of other people this morning.
Who agree with me?
I mean, I've listened to your show a lot.
So in other words, if I didn't think Chris Rock was good last night, I'm full.
I'm a bad guy.
Is that what it is?
No, I'm not saying you're a bad guy.
He's just like in your show.
You know, if you say somebody is not good at what it was doing last night, what you were doing.
But for sure, you better understand.
I get paid to give my opinion.
That's all I can do.
That's my opinion.
That doesn't make it right.
That's my opinion.
Are you the same thing with Monica Lewinsky's case?
She spent a whole week on it.
And I enjoyed it.
But that doesn't mean it was...
With Monica Lewinsky's case?
Yeah.
I mean, during her situation, I mean, you repeated the same thing for about a week.
Yeah.
But I enjoyed it.
You were good at it.
Because that was a news story, sir.
It was going...
Went on for 18 months, not for a week.
I went for a year and a half.
I heard you knocking on it over...
Let me say it again.
I would challenge Chris Rock to come in here and do one hour, not four hours,
but one hour of a spontaneous talk show without any notes, without any cue cards.
I would challenge him to do that because he can't live for crap.
And he showed that very clearly last night.
I don't think there will be any context there, because you're a genius who wants to do no doubt about it.
I give you that...
I just don't respect somebody who can't feel 15 or 20 seconds a few times during a three hour telecast.
I mean, let's face it, how much time did he have to fill last night?
He wasn't on that much.
You got to give the man his little props every now and then.
You don't want...
You don't want...
You don't want...
You don't want...
You don't want...
You don't want...
You don't want...
You don't want...
Who would you rather have seen last night, being on the host of the show, Chris Rockard, Tom Green?
I'll tell you what, I'll rather prefer to see you on the show last night.
Okay, well next year, I'll be there next year, thank you.
Tom Green would have been funny for the first ten seconds without saying anything, just with that crazy look on his face.
That's right, with all the crap coming out of his mouth.
You would have been on the floor peeing in your pants, okay?
There's a guy whose funny is Tom Green.
Not just the guy who keeps coming on wine in the same racial stuff about old blackness and black death.
Why don't you sing old black magic for quite a while?
God, it gets really old and ponderous.
That's all he talked about.
In fact, he should have got the mop out, at least he did on something constructive.
5'6.7.05.60, 0.5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
In fact, I can just see him in one of those porno joints with the 25 cent booths.
He'd be good with the mop in there.
He's a good job for him.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Uncle Leo.
Yes, sir.
Tom Green is hilarious by the way.
Yes, he is.
And I have a few comments.
I don't know how many did you touch on.
But first of all, what's with all the gum chewing?
You're going to get an award.
This is gum out.
Good point.
I realize it's only MTV, but at least they have a little bit of class, right?
The other thing is, Gene Garofalo, I can't figure out her appeal yet.
Yeah.
Carson Dalyah, two words for him.
Jenny Craig.
Yeah.
Pamela Amman.
You know, I had a third word, boring.
Absolutely.
Get him some nodos.
Wake him up.
Absolutely.
Pamela Anderson looked like a Mustang ranch prostitute.
But the good thing is she had that huge hat that covered up her whole head all the way down to her it's, you know, so that was good.
Thanks, guys.
As far as Kid Rock, his body makes me want to puke.
So please keep your shirt on.
Yeah.
And I thought it was kind of amusing when Tupac and Biggie's mom got on there.
And I think Tupac's mom was going to get nominated for some award.
And when she opened the award, it was like the mother was expecting the award to go to Tupac and then, and with somebody else.
Yeah.
Tommy Lee, you're just just discussing.
Oh.
The audience booed him.
I thought that we're going to get up and have a riot and kick his ass out of there.
Terrible.
Did you see when Ricky Martin, you can almost hear a collective groan when he sang, Lovita Locke.
I think so.
Stick to that song.
I will say this.
Yeah, but like I said, he would have just stuck to that.
He'd have been okay because he can do that fine.
He's got enough practice.
And number two, all he does is shake his ass and then they make a lot of noise.
And that's fine.
It covers up the fact he can't sing.
But when he started singing that new single of his, I wanted to cry.
I mean, it was just pathetic.
That's what I was thinking.
Oh.
He was exposed at that moment.
Stick to the Ho Chi Koo Chi, baby.
Absolutely.
The Jennifer Lopez, you know, she looks ethnic.
I'll give you.
I really took a good look at her.
She looks ethnic, but she's not really ugly.
We might disagree on that.
I don't know if the word is ugly, but I think disappointing, you know, she, she,
that Shnauz needs a lot of work.
You could put a roadmap on it.
Yes, is there something with the nose?
Yeah.
Madonna, can I get the throw up sound?
She was terrible.
That boy swim.
Yeah.
You have to be the most uncorismatic beams alive.
Uh-huh.
What's with those dudes up there?
Everybody.
Yeah.
And that's what that one weird guy, the one, the, that fruitcake with the glasses that
looks like it's about crane on a bad day.
Yeah, with the skinny arm.
Oh, she is a trip.
Unbelievable.
And I have to say there's two bonuses last night, though.
One, one.
Oh wait, it's Mark Anthony.
Oh, God.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
The two bonuses of the night were when the Jerry McGuire chick came out, she has great legs,
and the bonus was when sometimes women were dressed.
It's opaque, but when you have a million lights on it, it becomes see-through,
and you can see your nipples through the dress, bonus.
Great.
And the, uh, the one ride.
The one black, the black chick that came out in Diana Ross was playing with her, uh,
Excellent.
Little it.
Yeah, she was, uh, dynamite.
She was the highlight.
Have a great day, Neil.
And back to you.
See ya.
Oh, by the way, there's Mark Anthony.
Can I sing for a sh**?
Yeah, I know.
26 after 11 at 560 WQM is Friday.
You best.
Hey Ricky, you're the only one I have to hear your stupid song that Ricky.
Ricky.
Hey Ricky, when you're done with some C-touching, don't tell me Ricky.
Hey Ricky.
Hi, everybody.
Hi, everybody.
Hi, Tom.
Super special.
You got me all wrong.
I'm done with the special.
Do you like girl that all?
You were one ten, so I'm the best runner with.
You did it, you're the best.
You're the best runner with all the fun.
You're the best runner with.
There's you.
You can eat an egg.
Yeah.
You're the highlight.
I'm the only one I have to hear your body.
Yeah.
It's time to find your recording of my body.
For your body, for your body.
For your body.
Hey Ricky, tell me why you're still inside me, Ricky.
Hey Ricky.
I'll send the special women that went when you came.
There's no promotion.
This girl's a natural thing.
One minute, you're gonna get out to the party.
Where you hide.
Talk for the new year for your fun.
And make you like a guy.
And your special life.
You hide inside.
I know who your body is.
It's time to find your recording of my body.
I know who your body is.
I know who your body is.
Okay, it's 11.32 at 5.60.
What do we got today?
We got Hank at 2.
Jimmy Johnson, 05 to 6.
We got 6 o'clock talking baseball with Donnie B.
And then we got the Marlins and the Reds.
At 6.30 pregame 7 o'clock tonight.
Nice go at Barry Jackass.
Maybe before the season is out, you can cause an upstick between
Joan Angel and Dave O'Brien that they don't speak to each other.
By the way, speaking of that,
Joanne QAM broadcasting live from hockey fest 99 tomorrow
from noon to five and Joanne interactive games,
Nick Florida Panther players and lots more
at the National Cardianta Center.
And the rumors have it that they need to sell a lot more season
tickets.
I don't want to say, but that's what I'm thinking.
That's just a vibe that I'm getting.
I'm not saying that anybody actually said that.
But I'm just picking up that vibration.
That season ticket sales aren't exactly what they were last year
that the bloom is a little bit off the rose.
And that we better keep Pavelle Bray real, real, real healthy.
I mean, real healthy or the marines will be on the bus
before November.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'll tell you what, I'm 39 years old.
I was a little excited about watching that show last night.
They kept playing those reruns of nearly young and Pearl Jam
a couple of years ago.
Yeah.
I was really looking forward to it.
I missed the first 20 minutes.
And I think the first thing I saw was who is that guy,
root boy, Slimmer, whoever he is up there performing this.
Somebody actually sat down and said, we're going to take this song
praise you.
We're going to put people up there in these fluffy blue blankets.
Yeah.
In the middle of the song, they're going to rip them off and they're going to have these
street corner flashing lights suit underneath them.
I don't know what the hell that was all about.
The thing in the club.
The thing that gets me is, I mean, I'm a closet musician.
I've been playing since I was 10 years old.
And I didn't hear a single musician last night on that show.
Not a single one.
Yeah.
How much do Tyler?
I must have gone to bed before he came on.
Yeah.
But for what I watched every act that was up, it was awful.
It was either rap or some nine inch nails.
I don't know what that thing was all about.
They were doing coherent.
They must have got the good stuff.
I have no idea what they're doing.
And you know, I would never buy a Lauren Hill record.
But I have to disagree with you.
She really can sing.
I don't know if you've ever listened to what she was with the foodies,
but they did a remake of the Roberta.
Well, maybe she can sing what she wants to.
Maybe she can sing what she's doing it lately.
All right, Neil.
I'm a lot of material.
She's glad that you're not buying a record, too.
By the way, she don't want no white folks buying the records.
She don't have to worry about us.
Is there any chance that I know?
No.
I could go into the records store and clean out every bin.
But somehow the Lauren Hill bin, I was just, oh, sorry.
Missed that one.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You got no credibility.
I mean, you were.
Good.
Good one.
Julio.
5667-0560, pound 560 on.
And that's why you're listening to the show, isn't it?
Yeah.
That must be the answer because I guess it turns you on.
Maybe that's where you're squeezing yourself right now.
Julio.
Not a cone.
Look at him.
5667-0560, probably Ricky's boyfriend, you know.
And pound 560 on.
E-18T wireless line.
Nobody cares why, but I think that's why they're all listening to you, including you.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
He said a word.
I mean, he didn't.
I mean, he stuck with it for eight words.
Yeah.
I mean, this is guy.
You know, I want to say something.
You're the best talker's going.
Everybody listens to you.
And then you get these guys you call them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I listen a little criticism.
Anybody can add a little criticism.
I know what they don't.
But the idea that I'm so so obnoxious and so detestable.
Wait a minute.
And the fact that anybody who would say that is listening, like I've told you a million times
before, it's not a commentary on me.
It's a commentary on them.
What are they listening for?
Exactly.
If he's so homophobic and uptight about what I put in my mouth and where and when.
I think the word is not homophobic.
I think it's jealous.
But Neil, you state you can't quiet and let him talk.
And he couldn't even talk.
He could have hit it.
He could have hit it.
I finally had a dump of him.
Yeah.
But, you know, I want to tell you about this.
I have three, I have two teenagers in a seven-year-old.
Yeah.
And because of you listening to D.E. yesterday, I watched this, these awards last night.
I'm sorry.
Well, I'll tell you.
I'm trying, you know, I have these kids have every radio on in the house.
Yeah.
I was someone's working out last night.
He was listening to this stuff.
I told them I was going to sit down and watch you with them, you know, bonding, right?
Six minutes into the monologue.
I couldn't stay in Chris Rock anymore.
Yeah.
I mean, it's the same thing.
You know, it's like, it's like, when he first started out, he was good.
But, like, if it's not written for him, like in the movies, he's good in the movie.
He's a staler's last year's bread.
He can't, he can't, he can't, he must have repeated 12 times about these wannabe niggas, you know?
And stuff like that.
And, you know, I don't, he couldn't come up with anything new.
At six minutes, I had them in their own room watching the TV.
I had to turn something else on.
I couldn't stand it.
You know?
But in the movies, he's scripted and everything is good, but the stuff.
There are a lot of people like that there, they're fine as long as they stick to the script,
but if you ask them to add a little bit of two words, forget it.
Exactly.
You're exactly right.
That's the difference between somebody who's a talent and somebody who can read a line good.
He couldn't stay with you an hour.
Yeah.
It's exactly right.
Great show, Neil.
Okay, pal.
I can see you.
I watch out for the big five six seven oh five 60 rhymes with big and pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Well, he said nigger, okay?
Is there something wrong with that?
No.
So what he said.
I mean, Chris Rock was the one that made it into a whole racial thing in the first place.
And I was thinking to myself, you know, if there was a white guy up there talking about all these farts is trying to make money with music like white people or making comments like that, then it would have dragged him off the stage.
They would have had to guide him ride police in there dragging him off the stage.
Oh my god.
Here's a racist on there.
Here's a clansman.
But some reason, you know, now that the issue was on the other foot, it's just black this and black that and yada yada.
I mean, how about who cares what color they are if they're if they can sing if their music is good.
That's all I'm looking for.
I don't give a crap about how you know what color they are on a goddamn Richter scale.
All the way to like Malcolm.
In fact, tomorrow I see him tomorrow.
I like him.
21 before noon at five 60 WQ I am.
I was kind of stretching.
Hey, this is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
The solitos and don't care.
Got spit marks underwear.
It makes you want to cry.
You'll know from where it came.
Down the cramps drive you insane.
It makes you want to die.
You should have bought some.
Cause now you've got the run.
Die real, get it fun to have you.
Dancing in the restroom line.
Eating tacos, salsa, salsa.
You can eat spicy sauce at one.
16 till noon at five 60 WQ by the way.
Did you know the Google dolls were from Buffalo?
Did you know that?
Well, now you know that.
Not that you care of course, but they happen.
Beyond right now, this is a matter of.
Since we're music intensive today.
Anyway, here's the facts from Steve who lives at the hotel American in Amsterdam.
Since we have facts with a little news clip.
It's under a bill expected to become law next year.
The government of the Netherlands recently proposed to loosen restrictions on
Euthanasia for pain-racked and curable ill people,
even extending the rights of children as young as age 12.
In principle, those ages 12 to 15 would also need parental permission to choose death.
But doctors in some circumstances could honor a kid's wish as even without it.
Euthanasia would still be illegal under the bill,
but doctors adhering to the new guidelines would be immune from prosecution.
Part for the course,
typical as they continue being light years ahead of us here.
Thank you, Steve.
By the way, also thank you for the recommendation on the hotel Pulitzer.
So here's this letter to the editor in a Sunset list morning.
Like I said at the beginning of the show today,
I can't imagine any newspaper if somebody would have write a virulently anti-Semitic letter to the editor.
I mean, really blatantly,
and with all kinds of inaccuracies and just grotesquely digoted or a racist letter to the editor,
I really have doubts that any newspaper responsible or not would put it in there.
But here's the lead letter to the editor in the Sunset list morning at a big fat letter
from Arsenea Rodriguez in Oakland Park.
Don't ask, don't tell columnist Sad joke, it says.
The editorial by Janet E. Halley concerning don't ask, don't tell us a joke.
Having a gay man in the confined quarters in which the military requires men to operate
is the same as having a heterosexual man dressed as a woman
in confined quarters with military women who don't know that there's a man under that dress.
Their privacy and personal space, what there is of it, is unknowingly violated.
The other issue is this, we live in a democratic society.
The majority rules express through our congressional representatives, majority rules.
So in other words, if you want to be a bigot and you're part of the majority, you have a right to do that,
according to Arsenea.
This being the case, the latest statistics that I've read declared,
now wait till you hear this, the latest statistics I've read declared that about 2% of the US population
is either gay, lesbian or has experienced a homosexual act.
Now that's interesting because Kinsey discovered way back when, I think it was in the 50s he did his research,
that 30 to 40% of men had experienced at least one homosexual act.
You see as Gorf and Al says, there are no homosexuals or heterosexuals.
There are homosexual acts and heterosexual acts, etc. and so on.
But anyway, Arsenea, not being confused with the facts and coming up with these ridiculous statistics,
goes on to say, why are we allowing 2% of the population to dictate to the other 98% what we tolerate?
In this democratic society of Christians, Jews, Muslims, Hindus, etc.,
the majority believe homosexuality be an abomination to God.
They are against special status for homosexuals against being forced to submit their children in school
to homosexual ideas as to what is acceptable sexual behavior against having their spouses in the military
being forced to cohabitate with gays and lesbians.
Adultery is an abomination to God.
We allow teachers to offer adultery as an acceptable lifestyle.
Certainly more than 2% of the population is committed adultery with a divorce rate of almost 60%.
If we aren't allowing this, then why are we allowing the 2% of the gay lesbian community to dictate to us what is and what isn't acceptable?
Are we scared of not being politically correct? Are adulterers given special legal status?
I'm not proud of what our president's done in the past regarding his immorality.
I didn't vote for him. However, he eventually admitted his mistakes and continued forward in repentance.
For that I support him.
When was the last time you heard one of the 2% of the gay population of the community saying that he or she was sorry for being gay or lesbian
and that he or she is asking for forgiveness and to help them to change?
Do we want God's forgiveness?
No.
Do we want to change?
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
The family research instituted in Washington DC conducted a national random survey and of course we know about Gary Bauer's family research council that it was just a random survey of 4,340 adults.
Of those admitting to being gay or lesbian, 85% of the men and 29% of the women reported that their first sexual experience was homosexual.
Well, now let me ask you this.
How could 85% of the men have said that if only 2% of the population has ever experienced a homosexual act?
Our city, oh.
Target.
Are you following these great statistics?
And the Sun sent it and put this convoluted crap in the newspaper.
That they had been exposed to once elicit the homosexual or and or in sexual access children and adolescents misspelled.
And in some cases, including rape by their father's brothers, uncles, etc.
That still leaves the 15% of the 2% who may have been born that way, which equals 15 times 2%, 0.3% or 0.003.
As these warp statistics continue here from our sinew.
I think that's the our sinew all.
We're going to make a comeback.
Let's take a vote on both issues by those that these issues directly affect.
How about it, Sun sent.
And it'll have about a 1-800 number of votes.
Our sinew about Riga is an Oakland Park.
How dare they?
And like I said before, we don't have a don't ask don't tell.
We have don't ask do kill is what we have.
See, it's not the straight people in the military who are have reason to be nervous and concerned.
It's the gay people in the military like very windshield who ain't feeling too good anymore.
Those are the people that have reason to be very concerned and looking over their shoulder because they want to be in dead from baseball bats to the head.
Every other civilized, every other westernized country in the world, including Israel and Canada, which are two of the latest, has gays in the military.
And these people sleep in the same quarters and life goes on and nobody gets molested.
In fact, all of the molestation cases we read about are by heterosexual men against women in the military.
Ziggins of them.
So I guess maybe we shouldn't have women in the military either based on our sinews logic there because it makes for a real dangerous environment and too much.
Hanky, punky going on of the hetero variety by the way.
But this letter I'm going to save this I'm saving this for posterity.
I'm never going to lose this letter.
The fact that the Sun Sentinel will put a piece of garbage in the newspaper with these ridiculous statistics which even contradicted within the letter itself.
85% of the men in a one study but only 2% of the people in the country ever even had a homosexual experience.
Anybody figure this out?
No.
Only Arsenio in his war pomephobic hysterical.
Good Christian mind.
Only this bit can figure it out.
His name is Rodriguez by the way.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Afternoon here.
Yes sir.
Yeah, I just had my avi police come out begging for money.
And it's pretty funny figuring how I get stopped on a regular occasion.
And after like already planned like on my way to work I have to plan like a 15 minutes stop usually because I'm like a teenager.
I could put over a lot and usually for no reason.
And they call my house.
I hope you told them.
No.
Oh yeah, I told them not to do about it.
Tell them you're a little short.
He told me I was trying to be really nice over night hang up and I'm going to tell them.
No, he heard of him.
He just like, okay.
Oh yeah, the last time I had one of the gross cause I said, gee I'm afraid I can't help you out this year.
He said, oh yeah, right.
And he hung up the phone like real sarcastic.
Which made me feel real proud that I had to told them now.
Oh yeah, but it's great considering how they like to stop me and then they go away from money and go and rate.
Swing clothes and go regulate other people sexual lives, private sex lives than nobody cares about.
Yeah, tell them to go raise some more money at the trick club trap piece.
Oh yeah, okay pal.
All right, slow down.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the route. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir. Good morning sir.
We're going to see you.
All right, listen, you took the word red on my mouth.
When you said about if there was a white comedian talking about black people.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
All the broken loose. They'd have gone nuts.
Oh jeez.
The NAACP would have been on the horn.
They'd have had Jesse Jackson on the day.
They would have had to apologize for a couple of hours.
Exactly.
What about this reverse racism crap on there where black people come on and make all kinds of demeaning remarks about white people.
And it's supposed to be funny.
That's right.
And the only two, if you notice the only two material the black comedians have is either one.
How badly they got beaten up by their mothers when they were kids.
Yeah.
That you can't get away with now.
And secondly, about white people.
Oh white people are like this, but as black people we, you know, the stuff we do is more cool.
Well the Jefferson's were funny.
Yeah.
Yeah. Right.
Another thing I did see this show yesterday.
And the whole time I watched it I thought about you.
I said Neil's kind of ripped a hell out of this.
Because it's really bad.
You know, it's really, really bad.
It was.
And you know something.
It's in my own fault because when was the last time you saw a good award show?
And award shows suck.
Yeah.
And there are a bunch of overdressed silly ass people sitting around acting very important.
And of course, you know, applauding themself in each other.
And most of them hate each other like poison anywhere in a jealous is all hell.
And pretending to be real happy when somebody else wins the word that they're nominated for.
That's a performance plan tonight, right from you guys.
Go ahead.
And that's another thing.
I was going to tell you, whatever I go to a special occasion or somewhere where I can really like show off.
I mean, I try to dress nicely.
What?
Yeah.
What is the case with people putting on t-shirts coming up looking like they just like.
Well, don't you wish you could look like the artist who used to be the artist formally known as and then used to do prints before that.
You look like a little.
You look like a little.
You look like a little girl.
Yeah.
Oh, and I saw him sitting in the eyes.
Yeah, his little red riding hood with purple on.
Right.
When I saw him in the audience, I said, what's that little purple riding hood?
And then they showed him again.
I go, oh, look who that is.
Maybe it was the purple people leader.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks for letting me enjoy this.
And I apologize to anybody who watched that crap last night because I told them about it and talked about it yesterday.
I'm sorry.
I wish I not only wouldn't have talked about it.
I wish I wouldn't have watched it.
Could have played part cheesy.
Could have picked my nose for three hours.
Had a more entertaining time.
How can you be picking up Chris Rockman?
He's great.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
I don't know what to say.
You know, if it's not, I don't know if there's a music group you like.
Lady, woman, enemy, women.
And the winner is...
That's three points!
I have to say...
I do like that video.
I can't stand her, but I do love the video.
It's her hair was clean last night.
She was okay.
I was happy for her.
I don't even like her.
But I was happy for her.
Oh, little Kevin.
Because she was getting the hair.
I can't see anything.
Little Kim with a face beyond.
And there's Diana Ross freezing it.
I think that...
Was that Diana Ross or Michael Jackson?
No, it was Diana.
Michael wouldn't have touched it.
Maybe Janet would have.
In fact, I know Janet would have squeezed it.
You notice how Janet comes out there like a cow.
You see her in the beginning?
Very cow.
Man, oh man.
You could...
Each one of her boobs could make it into a planet.
What?
Maybe she has implants.
Five.
Six, seven, oh five, 60, pond five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I don't know.
It's that big piece of you.
This now I can be louder in my head and tell her I'm a new money-laugering soul.
The soul that that's the thing is, I don't know.
And that's all I got to say.
So this is the need to be clean and be clean.
Boko came back on stolen TV.
If you did pick and pump your money for your crack at home,
that's what the money-laugering soul before.
Tony Martin's money-laundering story.
Take advantage of Tony's grand opening special and get your free coffee of
Jimmy Johnson's 1999 Judiciary Graft Guy.
I'll complete cash for your house.
So call 800.
It's by the way, Sam, the chairman of our promotion department says
Jordan a night's vote affotes like a butterfly.
Two minutes past noon at 560 WQA and 560.
George says that we're getting some idiots from Broward today because Broward school is on.
How come those punks aren't calling with something to say about the MTV Music Awards last night?
Wouldn't you think that when the kids in Broward being out of school because it's due
here tonight?
Wouldn't you think that they might have something to say?
I would have certainly have thought that.
But no, instead of that they got that, that's what they got.
Maybe they're talking a sin crap like what's it even Lauren Hill is talking.
We just don't, we just do not understand it in language.
560.560.560 on our AT&T wireless line.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I had a very interesting evening last night switching back and forth between Fony Sports,
IE Heavyweight Professional Wrestling which is actually quite funny and Fony Music.
Yeah.
About 10 years ago I was living in LA.
There was an article of a commentary in the LA Times concerning rap music.
I think Robert Krisco was the music editor back then.
I don't know.
Ted Field to was the end of the Marshall Field Department search and in Chicago.
Yeah.
Was and possibly still was the president of Interoscope and made the comment that if you don't like rap music,
you're racist because that's something you were saying earlier.
And I immediately got on the computer, wrote a commentary saying, well that's like saying that if I don't like polka,
that means I hate Polish people or if I don't like opera, means I hate Italian people, which are ridiculous.
Yeah.
Yeah.
As a musician.
But there was something that was the same thing back in the 60s.
When I lived in Detroit, it was exactly the same thing.
White people loved Motown and the black people just say, oh that's black art is singing for white folks.
That's not our music.
Our music is James Brown.
And they had radio stations like WJLB and it was one other one in Inxter outside of Detroit.
WHPK I think it was.
And black folks used to listen to all that music and they never played Motown.
So it really has nothing to do with the skin color of the artist.
Of course.
If it isn't music that they embraces their own, then you don't like it then you're a racist.
Now what is the backstreet boys other than the current version of the temptations?
I mean that's basically what it is.
Yeah.
Is it that they don't even write their own songs?
Who is the girl with the blue here that came out?
There were two girls that came out with Diana Ross.
Who is the girl that I thought that was TLC but obviously it was.
There was little boob.
Unbelievable.
And they can't, they're not only kept, they say they have no general thought.
Diana Ross is saying, wow this is just like the Supremes will over again.
And the girl with the blue here goes again.
Yeah, I'll go with Diana.
It's the new Supremes.
I mean, not an original thought and a thought.
It was unbelievable.
And you took a little bit of the fire away.
Finally, you mentioned the moron.
Oh, I will, let me give credit to Chris White Rock for one great line.
When he was talking about that stupid guy, the movie, the Blair Bitch Project.
And he was talking about $60,000.
He says, who stole the $59,000?
That was great to cry.
That was a great line.
You know, I was going to say the, I was going to take up a few things including rap.
There's nothing more than what the beat-in excuse to do in Greenwich Village of the 50s,
except they added some electronics instead of bonga drums.
But at least back then, they weren't giving gravity.
It was to beat them.
Most of it is attributed to illiteracy.
And if you listen to the lyrics, I will say one thing for Laura and Hill.
Whatever the name of the stupid recorder is, at least it's his thing.
It's my thing or it doesn't say sang.
Oh, yeah.
Now the fact that they actually, the record labels put illiterate crap like sang on the name of a record.
That tells you what it's all about.
And of course, we have to mention again, like I was saying, the moron, who used to be,
the artist, who used to be prince.
Oh, give me.
I mean, he comes out.
He's the only guy during the whole show.
I was like I said, I didn't watch the whole thing, going back and forth.
The only guy who comes out and starts doing a microphone check.
Yeah.
That's the one.
That's my microphone on, you know.
And that was the best material.
Yeah, they wanted me to perform 1999.
But I decided that I wanted to introduce my favorite band TLC.
Yeah.
And because then they come out.
And what about that?
That's a favorite band TLC.
They're garbage.
They're filming one word for the show.
Okay.
What's finding?
Nice going, Bell.
There they are.
TLC.
Couldn't see their way out of a goddamn paper's sack.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Hank Goldberg showed two Jimmy Johnson's here with Hank 5 to 6.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
And Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yes, I have to agree with you.
First of all, you say if you don't like where I feel racist, well, I'm a black American.
I guess I'm racist.
I don't understand what they're saying.
I met my mid 40s.
And it, it can to me, when I hear entertainers use the word and their jokes, negative and they
say that the way I was raised and I tell my kids, I would not have it used in my house
because they know the history behind it.
They know how many people have been killed behind that word.
They know what black Americans fought to have that word from being used.
They might not use it, but they have no sense of history.
Well, I don't know what you mean by that because black people call each other nigger in this country all the time.
It's as common as all the words that you and I are using right now.
I don't know what you mean by that.
Well, that goes into, well, not really, because, not really.
Not really.
Not really.
We don't use that word.
Well, maybe you don't put, you must try to do a different circle.
There are a lot of black Americans that don't use the word.
You have granted.
You do find it in your rap songs and I young entertainers, they use it and I'll be present with you.
Say, do you think it's against me?
It really does.
And rap.
The only thing that makes me sicker than that is seeing young white people trying to emulate illiterate black people.
That's where it really makes me sick.
Hey, what up?
What up?
You know, this is crap because they think that it's hip and it's cool and it's only one thing and it's dumb and it's annoying.
So it's two things.
And it's an error.
Right.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, everything.
Thanks.
Hey, what up?
That's how we started Chris Rock last night.
Hey, what up?
What the hell is up?
It's kind of like Peter Lender when it comes here.
What's going on?
Nothing.
What's going on?
I mean, what's happening?
What's going on?
Mr. Cool, Mr. Hip.
Mr. Gidamata here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's good.
Can't keep a pecker in his pants.
In stores now.
From the makers of Nickoderm and the makers of Viagra.
It's a totally new athletic supporter for men.
It's the Viagra Derm Jockstrap.
Not only does it protect the jewels, it enhances performance on and off the field.
Yeah, I was playing football with the guys.
I scored the winning touchdown and when I got home, I really scored with my girlfriend.
I'm on a baseball league and I wear the new Viagra Derm Jockstrap.
So today I scored two home runs and when I got home, I got the home base again.
I wear mine when I play a bingo.
My wife, Edna, really noticed the difference.
Rester Sol, the Viagra Derm Jockstrap.
And coming soon, the Viagra Roy DeFleek collar for dogs.
From 13 to 5, 50 WQM, by the way, worst performance of the night last night.
Rick.
Rick.
Rick.
He's more feminine than I am, which is quite an accomplishment.
See, one of the problems is that MTV, first of all, is so narrow anyway.
They only show about 12 videos.
I mean, that's basically it.
So there's only about a dozen artists.
You'll notice that every category, the nominees were basically the same.
Other than the R&B and the RAP group, but other every other category was the same four or five groups.
Because that's all a show.
It's whoever's on TRL every day and a couple of Schwarzer groups.
And that's it.
All these great artists that you'll see on much music.
And for the best example of the whole of the last night is international music.
They had a segment on there like it was really going to be international.
All were on with the awards show in 90 countries tonight.
So where do we go?
Here is Southeast Asia.
And here's a bunch of gooks singing.
Whatever that was.
Here is Ricky Martin again.
Yeah.
Look at La Pingaloka.
Did we see any place over there?
Then we got Russia.
And we're Ricky Martin.
Looking at La Pingaloka.
He's doing it all over the world anywhere he can.
Did we have anywhere in Europe or a course so they have their own MTV?
And Italy's got their own MTV for the country?
Did we have any of that?
No.
No.
Which would have been real interesting.
Because that's a lot of music that they ought to be playing by the way on MTV.
Are they playing it?
No.
No.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T Wireless Line.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
A few comments on last night.
I watched this every year and every year it gets worse and worse and worse.
And one of the reasons is I think that the anticipation is more than the event.
Well, I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
I've never been able to build up for this one last night.
Okay, sir.
Well, just let me start out by saying apparently,
no Sir Thomas was wrong again.
I suppose I don't know if this is right or not,
but I heard that he had predicted that the world was going to end on 99999.
Oh yeah.
I'm glad you mentioned that because yesterday, Channel 4,
and you know something, somebody ought to be horse whipped over there at Channel 4
because they're so desperate to try to catch up with Channel 7 for the hysteria quotient.
They come on with a story yesterday about some guy down in Kendall,
a business guy whose phones got all screwed up,
and they assumed it had to do with a computer glitch for 99999.
And come to fight out that it had nothing to do with that at all,
that Bell South was doing something with a service in that area,
which disrupted the phone service for a whole bunch of people,
but it had nothing to do with that.
So why put the story on there in the first place and get everybody all psychotic?
Crazy people are at Channel 4.
You're crazy.
You're desperate.
I must have been just for the news day with a three-kid dying.
Yeah.
You know, but speaking of the news,
this is why I call it, I swear to God,
I just witnessed this on the news.
The news 5 up here in Palm Beach County.
I mean, we always talk about how there's no journalism down here.
I think I just witnessed an all-time low.
I don't know if you've seen the commercials,
but McDonald's has these new salad shaker things.
And this was their news story.
They go into it.
Well, there's a new way to eat salad in there, available in this different flavor of salad dressing.
And this is on the local news.
And they're sitting there demonstrating how you shake the salad
and on the God damn news.
Yeah.
I mean, they're sitting here on my television screen.
They're showing you how to shake it, yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, they're still sitting there eating it.
I mean, they must have completely turned into bigger whores than we ever thought they were.
I mean, the bigger the whores than you guys at that station.
Well, that's been a lot.
Yeah.
And I mean, what do you, and have you heard about this simply a pretty man deal up in Palm Beach County?
No.
We don't pay too much attention to Palm Beach County.
And don't take it personally, but we just don't care.
Well, apparently she had,
she made like an offhand remark about going postal on two members of the school board.
They're treating it as death threats and like having a whole big investigation about it.
You know, you ought to check it out in the paper.
It's pretty terrible.
Okay, thanks.
Do we want to check that out?
No.
Now, we don't care about Palm Beach.
5.67, I mean, what all do we expect?
Just like our listeners over there in Fort Myers, like the lady yesterday who was talking about shooting the deer and eating her venison.
I mean, you know, what do you expect, Fort Myers?
5.670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, that's TV's for little girls anyway.
I mean, I don't know why you would think you'd get anything different.
That's not what it's for.
There's some music on there like you said.
Well, little girls are watching all the rap music.
They don't want it.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And you know, what the hell wanted to do?
I don't understand it.
Maybe you can explain it to an AT&T that died in a little liberal.
It was wrong to make fun of black people.
They made me some Andy, right?
So we had to take that off TV.
But it's okay to make fun of white people because...
I've been saying that for two hours.
I've been saying that for two hours.
I know, but...
Not okay to make fun of white people.
Explain to me, especially white men.
You can't really make fun of women.
I mean, it's not cool to make fun of women.
Yeah.
You know, even though that number is...
...there are minority somehow.
I've been saying that.
Let me say it again for two hours.
What does it have to do with being liberal or not?
Well, who do you think set it up like this?
Set up what?
Who set up what?
The popular culture.
Wait a minute.
Remember, we're going to stay in rock cuts and movies.
Oh, God.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We've reached the end of the road here today, baby.
The end of the road, we're all done.
I thought I'd just had this feeling that maybe one day out of four this week,
one day we might actually go all the way through four hours without another one of these outbursts
and hysterical, like whipping in the SNM exercise.
I don't think I may up to it today, yeah?
I really don't.
I rather play some of the music from my last night.
Let's play Lauren Hill.
Yo, yo, yo, come on.
What do you say, huh?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Okay, let's play some more in Hill.
Kill some good time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5,
and you know something, speak any young girls.
Where are the young women?
I like that bitch that called So Psychotic today that I made the comment about Nick Carter with a pineapple hit on that video
that the, on an interview that they showed, which it wasn't a knock, it was just a fact,
because it was dressed up for a video that they were shooting,
and she gets all psychotic and hysterical, and she knows that I'm a fat bag.
She knows the show well enough for that, but has she got any comment on the MTV Awards last night?
No, or anybody else?
See, the problem in this town is if you get somebody pissed off,
then all of a sudden right away they open up a big mouth, but that they'll start going on the attack.
But as far as just having a comment on something like Brittany, how good she looked last night.
I got this.
I got this.
I got this.
And the one guy is knocking because Brittany is lip syncing.
Who cares about whether she's lip syncing or not?
Nobody in his right mind or its right mind is watching that goddamn thing last night to see Brittany's spear singing.
I don't even care if it's her voice.
Exactly.
Then we even care if she sings at all.
Lip sync her otherwise.
They'd rather have her do other things with her lips.
Like Chris Rock said, that was another fairly margin line.
Which one of the back street boys is going to impregnate the Brittany Spears?
Well, Nicky, the bad back street.
Nick was laughing.
Yeah.
And he had a couple of good lines, but he was pretty weak.
Not enough.
Here's Voka.
Hello.
Yeah, when are you going to start talking about the panthers, Neil?
When?
Maybe when they're talking about something.
Maybe when there's something to talk about dealing with the panthers.
What would you like to talk about about the panthers?
Please don't tell me you're going to wear that crappy jacket.
Oh, there he is.
There's that asshole again.
The same old Jackass Mitch.
See that.
That's why they can't sell in tickets for the panthers, pal, because there's no interest here.
I should have known it was you in the first place.
And I'm going to be wearing whatever jacket I like, probably to make a leaf jacket right.
Because I'll do whatever the hell I want to do.
Okay, asshole.
And by the way, Brian Murray says, your sham would your shuck.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
There is no interest in hockey here.
None.
You think there's no interest in the Marlins?
Believe me when I tell you.
Divide by 100.
Then you got the amount of interest there isn't hockey.
And they're having one hell of a time peddling tickets for that team.
Because you know, it was a real novelty.
And then we realized here, like I predicted, there was a lot of fun to go there.
You know, the game is themselves.
Most of them weren't so much fun.
But nevertheless, it was a place to hang out.
But now the novelty is worn off and the prices keep going up.
And the product they put out there, sooner or later, people are going to demand a little entertainment for their money.
What a concept, huh?
See, it's one thing about these sports entrepreneurs we got in this time, Mr. Hippinca and Mr. Henry.
They figured we owe them something.
We owe them arenas.
We owe them building them stadiums.
That must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
But they don't owe us any quality product out there.
I mean, you know, we're just obligated to go there and buy the tickets and turn over the money and, you know, and dummy up.
And buy the overpriced crap food that they sell.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, is this, uh, this, uh, uh, Rogers?
Yes, sir.
That was amazing.
That guy come out and say, and you're putting, you're the problem, whether there's not going to be a new stadium built here.
This past weekend, you saw that article, right?
No, I did not.
I had a couple calls about it.
Yeah, they, they, he, caveman.
He labeled you an acronym, caveman, yeah.
Uh-huh.
But, uh, I'm very proud to be a caveman who doesn't want to spend my tax dollars to build a goddamn plate to it for a billionaire.
I'm, I'm proud to be a caveman, Ian Fred Flintstone.
And, what I really called about that, I think the client of the young white male is part of the, you stepped on earlier.
As part of the problem, every commercial with a black guy and a white guy, the white guy is the dummy or the fool in every commercial on TV.
It's amazing.
The black guy is the all-knowing smart guy on every commercial on TV.
What commercials are those? I never saw those.
Oh, well Shannon Sharp, the list goes on and on.
It started with Budweiser 20 years ago when, when the, uh, the black white collar worker taps the white guy in the head to keep up the good work.
You know, it's just, uh, just, um, monitor it next time.
It looks pretty interesting.
Okay, I'll monitor it.
Okay.
Okay. Let's monitor that, okay?
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh.
Sorry, Lauren.
56670560, £560 on the AT&T wireless line.
No women watched that MTV Awards Show last night.
I guarantee you 80% of the audience that watched that show last night was female.
Are we hearing from any of them today?
No.
Not a one.
We are?
Well, okay, so you got, you're pointing to me, you've got one.
One.
We had that one crazy bitch that's talking to me, trying to get about the Jewish journal and about the, which it's already the Jewish shareholder, whatever the hell it's, well, they're just talking crazy crap.
Man, oh, man, on, on, on Aero Russia, shut in the light.
She's the digging out her crap, her barbs.
Maybe her barbed wire, she's working on.
Crazy bitch.
26 past noon at 560WQAM.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
How young is too young?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
All right.
You should be scared of me.
Because you could go to jail if you see when they, if I see you when they, you're when the friends on me.
She was 25, but she's just a thief.
Perfectly, I've been my last but please.
Daddy called the cops with my, so I've got my pick and pick because I'll have to tell me.
Now my mind's got to switch by me.
My budget's been running around.
My budget's been running around.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
You should be scared of me.
Yeah, the men are holding stones right in the middle of the side of the eye.
What a side.
She's looking right in the eye.
Let me tell you something.
Okay, one or not.
You show me any guy or any red blooded heterosexual oriented guy in this country who wouldn't want to hop on Britney's bones.
And I'll show you a medical in hiding.
Okay.
A vulgar own.
Rumor is, by the way, Jennifer Lopez was once married to a five six seven oh five 60 what I just said and pound five 60 on a 18 T wireless line.
Here's the lady in four lotterdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, man.
First of all, before I go, I know I'm the only female calling today, but I was forced to watch the show because of my kids.
Yeah.
But I have to tell you, before I go into the whole award show, I want to know that this is a momentous occasion for me because this is the first time I get to hear you at work because I'm using the Internet.
How do you like that?
It's pretty cool, nice and clear.
And also, by the way, I left a message with George, but I don't know when I'll return my call.
Do you know how I can get Phil Henry?
On the Internet?
What do you know what the patient is on?
KFI.
I was going to call him after the show.
Oh, okay.
Thanks George.
KFI640.com.
What is it?
KFI640.com.
KFI640.
No, no, no.
KFI, F is in Frank.
Okay.
F is in Farmer.
KFI640.com.
Okay.
All right, now let's go into the awards.
I think Chris Rock was really good at the opening, the monologue.
I mean, I think he was really, he had some good stuff to say, but during the show, he was pretty lame.
I mean, he just doesn't improvise.
And if he said any more time, you know, let's stretch it out.
I mean, that was just really pretty bad.
Oh, there's Tom Green.
Stupid!
Good luck, George!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, go ahead, I'm sorry.
I just lose it when I see Tom Green.
Oh my goodness.
So anyway, well, I'm kind of, I was talking about Chris.
I was going to ask him about the Backstreet Boys.
Yeah.
What did you think of their parents?
What do you think they were like the best?
I thought they were very good.
Yeah, they certainly were the best live performers I thought.
And did they get anything?
Yeah, they won the Viewers' Choice, which is the most important one.
That's what the viewers were voting for all night on the phone.
So that was all they got, though.
Well, it turned out good.
Well, what did that tell you?
How come they get anything else when Lauren Hill had to get 75 different awards?
Oh, what is your opinion about her?
Because I just started looking.
She sucks.
Good, thank you.
She couldn't sing around about Paper Second.
She's got a crappy attitude.
Yeah!
She doesn't have to worry about why people buy her music, because guess what?
We won't.
I totally agree with you.
And I'm laughing.
She's an obnoxious, racist, hostile bitch.
I just didn't understand that.
I didn't understand how she got all those awards.
I have no idea.
She usually got naked pictures.
What about...
And then I saw the end with Madonna.
Yeah.
What's up with her?
I mean, that was...
She kept screaming at that stupid guy.
And then...
It just...
The whole thing was lame.
It was pretty weak.
Yeah, but...
Don't watch it again.
I promise.
Okay.
All right. Well, it's Nasis and Tina.
Thanks.
Take care.
What is it?
Who is that, Rebecca?
Don't be calling her off the air, Goddain.
And you're calling enough of these, so I've been both.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, sorry, Crystal.
Well, hey, listen.
Everybody knows why you keep going to these swing clubs.
You're not fooling anybody on this.
This is the easiest way for...
It's called cheating on your wife without having her being out of the picture.
You know?
She's there, but you're cheating on her.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
But yeah, I saw it on the other way.
Oh, wait.
This is my mind now.
I feel, you know, I'm having sex with all these other hot numbers.
But my wife's right over here in the orgy room, you know?
Let's see if we can't keep her busy or liquor her up enough.
So she passes out on the floor.
And pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You're not fooling anybody.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
This is good.
What's going on?
What's in there?
Woo!
Woo!
It's Michael Jackson and Beckwood.
Driller.
How'd you like that phone line?
You think that that line, eight effect used to be good?
That was special.
I should have kept that on the rest of the show.
Let's see if that's still on there.
No.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, okay.
Let's go to a Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Good show.
I just got a point.
I like the make here.
I'll prove to your...
Oh, there's, there's a what's your name?
Mariah Carey with that one gigantic it.
Yes, go ahead.
I like to make your point.
I think we've proved to your listening audience how right you are.
You remember a couple of years ago.
I won any award shows when Ted Danson came out with the album.
And he was a little bit of a joe and pain of fate.
Right.
It will be Goldberg.
Right.
All organizations demand that the power they had a nervous breakdown about that.
That's right.
Right.
Just not much material in New York.
You want to make a point for him?
Good point.
Nice job.
I'm gonna do.
Thank you.
Have a good day.
Yeah, see Chris Roth because he's supposed to be hip and cool and he was on Fox all the time.
You know, and naturally right away everybody, no matter what he does, he gets sucked into thinking that's hip and cool.
It's unacceptable to me.
I'm second-padd hearing everything from a black perspective.
How about just hearing it from like an everyday human perspective, like just anybody who you know could be black or white or whatever.
It's really old, stale, tired.
But she doesn't have a big ass.
So that's our pull question who's got the bigger ass Jennifer Lopez or Ricky Martin.
Of course I bet you his is this year.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe he knows the rest husband.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Yes sir.
Yeah, I want to say that.
Okay, great.
Thank you.
He doesn't like that rocket.
Yeah, I'm on.
Kraft.
Only said hit.
You know, some of you folks are going to have to clean up your lingo.
Okay, some of you dark, conflicted posts.
You can't speak five words without throwing a four letter word in there.
Okay.
Which makes it very hard to have a conversation.
Clean up your act a little bit.
Okay, you'll be talking trash.
Speak the Queen's English.
Will you please?
And stop at the four letter of vulgarity.
Okay.
Man.
Mother, okay.
22 B41 is 5.
So 22 till one.
Jesus Christ, I feel like I said that is like a marathon today.
Wow.
Feel like we've been here forever.
We should have people just foaming it to my and you notice nobody basically is
anything to say about the music.
Oh, I really can't knock that because was there really much good music there last day?
No.
How many songs out of all the songs that they had three and a half hour extravaganza
with all of the hype more than any show in a history of mankind other than the backdoor
boys with the electric were not.
I mean, even you like that song a little bit, which for you to admit it, that's quite a
concession.
A little bit, a little bit.
And compared to the other stuff last night, a lot.
I like to fat boy slim song, but that performance.
Oh, and Chris, another good line white reach.
What did he call that?
A retard white boy.
That was good.
Like I said, he was pretty good last night.
Chris rock.
He had a few good lines, but just not enough.
Just not enough.
Just that there was a, you know, what he does something good.
It's funny, but there was just wasn't enough funny stuff for a three and a half hour show.
Work up a lot.
Huh?
It was thin.
It's thin.
He ran real thin.
Just like him real thin.
21 to 1 is 560 WQAM.
I think I might even let her take a look at it.
She'd laugh.
560-705.
And she's something, man.
She is really, and of course I'm the one who had to turn you on.
What does that tell you?
What does that tell you that I know my people?
Okay?
That's one thing I know.
You can argue about Chris Rock.
You can argue about music.
But I do know my good people.
And I see somebody hot.
Whatever it is, I can tell you.
I can put my thumb on it.
560-705.
60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a lady in the point and V.
Shalom.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I love your show.
And I've called up the times before, but not lately.
And I tried to watch the show last night because my daughter asked me to.
Uh-huh.
And I was going back and forth in my room by myself because I was trying to see the US open.
And she came in.
The US open?
The tennis.
They had tennis on last night?
Yes.
How boring.
And I loved tennis.
No.
She came in and asked me to watch it.
And I tried to.
And it was, if you ever been like real embarrassed inside, I could not even watch it for two minutes.
Why not?
It was, I couldn't believe the way the people were behaving on stage.
And, uh...
What do you mean by that?
I mean, the orgies seem like we're...
I guess I just, I don't ever watch MTV.
And so I wasn't used to, um...
The Charleston, the way that we're talking and the way that I just, uh, couldn't watch it.
I just could not watch it.
Well, what is it that they were doing that grossed you out so much?
Um...
Well, I, um...
The opera singer.
I'll see if that's about the time I tuned it in and this big guy comes out with this little tiny girl.
She was, uh...
You were breathable.
She needed a, uh...
Got with the butterfly net.
Take her away.
It was breaking out.
She was a good opera singer.
And then he tried to be a good opera singer.
Yeah.
And it was just over a while.
I think I understand now.
Well, it went back to the boring timid.
I think he made the right move.
And Neil, I want to say one more thing.
I love everything you say, but I completely disagree with your political views.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Bye.
Okay, see ya.
Whatever, I couldn't care less.
Five-six-seven-oh five sixty, pomfive-six-diam, you know?
There are a lot of people like vanilla ice cream too, like I've told you a billion times,
If you like vanilla ice cream, it's the most popular flavor in the world.
Does it have any taste?
No!
Oh, I don't understand how you can say that, near!
Very easy.
It has no taste.
If it's not even in the category of his belate bill call, it used to say delicious, but no taste,
it's not even in that category cause it's not delicious.
Anything that needs something else on it to make it taste good you know.
I could go in a backyard with a shovel where my two dogs were having a good time this morning and dig up some
You know and put some Hershey's syrup on it and with cream and nuts
And I'm not saying it would taste very good
But probably that would doll it up a little bit better make it a little bit more palatable
And if some of the French Canadians came down we could probably sell it to them if the price were cheap enough and we didn't expect a tip
That's the good news by the way the great news I saw statistic. I forgot what it was
But the French Canadian tourism down here in the four south Florida especially in Broward County is way way down
We love our English speaking Canadian friends because there's a real civilized country for you especially Toronto a
In Vancouver a
But as far as Quebec they can take a parly who get lost okay all you fraud go see for now, okay?
Go suck his toenails get out of here. You make a math a match made in heaven all those French Canadians schlepping down there to Cuba
Coop he gives you
Makes you an offer you can't refuse
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing at heaven? How you doing?
Good got the hell out of town. I figured I'd give you a call and say hello when I got back in yeah
Just down visiting for French wedding and figured I'd give you a call haven't talked to you for over a year
Mm-hmm
My mom told me to give you a call and ask you what the name of that diabetes book that you always recommend is
Diabetes solution diabetes solution by doctor
Richard
Friedman doctor dick Friedman. No, that's not right. Is it Friedman? Yeah, I guess that is right. Okay. It's hardcover
Why you diabetic? Yeah, I just found out wow
Better to get get get control of it now lose some weight sweetheart. We both do that was coming
Okay, thanks a lot Neil good luck. You like that. See let me say it again the fat people are the dead people
Here was a while. I don't want to go into a cake because I'm really bummed out about that very rickety thing
I never met him. I didn't know him and
His column wasn't what I would call scintillating, but it was a hey-mush. You know, it was enjoyable
And I read it every now and then and he came it was coming from the right place
You know, he was a good-hearted guy everybody liked him and he's dead at 51
And he had pancreatic and liver cancer and I can't say just because he was heavy most of his life
That was responsible for it, but it just seems to be that the most of the dead people are the fat people
And I'll tell you again if you've never been to Europe you go to Europe and you're looking around and most of the people except for some of the fat tourists
But the locals they're thin especially in Amsterdam. They're tall. They're thin
Fives what the hell is that that you're reading Jesus Christ that is at the most estate with mushrooms
And it's really good looks like that thing is gonna crawl right out of there any second looks like something that's alive
By the way speaking of that Hank Goldberg show two to six this afternoon
Including the Jimmy Johnson show we could be special we could be special Jimmy Johnson five to six this afternoon
Anybody impressed by that crap? No, no, we could be special
I mean talk about 20 years for overacting Jimmy just calm down. Okay. I realize it's your job
But it's not quite as important as you think it is
It's important to a lot of people out there, but not quite as important as you think here is Davy hello
Davy
Okay nice talk to you here's a mobile in Miami hello
You yes, sir. How you doing okay?
Any whatever happened to Palmer Cardigan. He looks terrible. He got old. I'm telling you
10 years old what
Probably not I think when you got that kind of money you don't have to worry about what you look like
Incredible. Yeah, we think about Madonna. You think after Linda died. He's trying to pick him up
Yeah, okay five six seven oh five 60. He's much too old for her. Okay. She's got better taste in that whether you like her or not
Which I don't she's always gonna happy taste. She has like I said bad taste like the guy that she was married
She's still married to that guy. No that she was always throwing out of the house. What that was his name?
It's big. Oh, he was really grotesque like I said sex with the biggest pull in that Paul huh Dennis Rodman
She touched that she's oh I forgot about that. Oh God almighty Jesus Christ. She touched the worm
The Wonder worm
essential
Luo
up
He
you
to
God
He said, you'll pay the city, but you're dressing to the teeth.
He asked if you would pay, bearing something under his feet.
So, your way to call.
We to call.
Every time he jumps, you can see his mask at all.
To the great target, retarded for sure.
In the dropout.
To the great target, retarded for sure.
In the dropout.
He said, it's not as much as the central valve.
To the great target, retarded for sure.
In the dropout.
Come on, then, see.
Now, is the pump moving for the head.
???
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm keeping this pump
that we're going to blow!
A lot of forthومout devours the pump and other info.
Edy literally is dashing.
Edy pantalla per há cameos.
ice jet, beё está un tahà.
Oh God, you're right. How could I possibly have said that she's got, I should have said
younger things. But does it really make any difference in her case? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5,
60, and of course, she was also doing Austin Powers in that video, but nevertheless. Here's
a mobile in four-letter deal. Hello. Hey, that must be before he lost his mojo. Yes, sir.
Hey, Chris Rock. Disappointed. Yeah. I'm probably going to repeat basically what I said to
Mary of Black Girl with no problem. I don't care where you come from, what you look like.
I if we get along, that's great. Yeah. I was overwhelmed by blackness. Right. I don't know
what word I can use. It's just overwhelming. Yeah. I had to turn it off. The wife lasted about
20 minutes longer than me. She said something about McCartney calling Lauren Hill by a man's
name. Lauren's Hill. Yeah. I didn't see that. I was already in bed. Thank God. No, sir,
if I would have seen Lauren Hill, I saw her win those other words and it made me sick.
But if I would have seen her win the video of the year, I think at that point, I would have
smashed the TV with a crowbar. Hey, my wife loved her and said she didn't deserve it. What does
she love about her? In addition to what the guy that called before about when she was with the
Fouji's or whatever the hell the group was, I remember her remake of killing me softly by Roberta
Flack. And I can remember asking myself when I heard it, why did this song need to be remade?
All it was was somebody re-singing the song exactly as Roberta Flack sang it 20 years ago.
Who needed to remake it? It was a great song. Yeah, originally you'll never beat your original. Right.
Roberta Flack with Lauren Hill couldn't look Roberta Flack's ass. Absolutely. I agree. Like I said,
the wife even said she didn't agree it and she does like her. What she likes about her, I don't know.
Maybe she'd be better start getting worried, I think. Uh oh.
That's my best couple. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, thank you. But I just cannot believe how the feeling I left
with now all these young black kids are out there listening to this. This is perpetuating it.
This is not going to help. This is going to get worse. You're right. That's what I've been saying for a long time.
I'm speechless. Neil, I'm speechless. It was weak and I hope he doesn't do it again. Okay, thanks. Bye bye.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. Oh Jesus Christ. Oh.
Why?
Hey, but heads. It's a wonder to have.
Oh.
Well, where are we? Can that swing keep me?
I got to reach it, but it's falling too far. Probably what she was doing when she played her part.
Will she bang her head on the steering wheel? Not the usual way we feel. Sign on the road there straight ahead.
The rest stop was near. She would soon be fed. Give it some guess. It's worth to the right.
Heading for the fast food light. She lost control. The poor and good and landed next to the fly.
Oh.
Well, poor and not a guy.
The whiskey. Christ her car. She was hungry.
But she's in luck. Her purpose.
She's not dead. She's not dead.
Oh, right.
1 1 1 5 60.
222 R the Hengover.
222.
25.
The Marlins and the Reds tonight. 7 o'clock.
And living proof that there is no interest whatsoever in the Marlins.
Not only is nobody talk about them or about the stadium, but there's very jackass story last two days about the angel will Brian queued and about Joangels on a way out.
And we have one call about that.
No. Does anybody care about that?
No. And the sad part of it is, I mean, it's not a case of somebody leaving who was bad, who did a bad job, who people didn't like, who they hated like poison, who was a bad guy.
And they still don't care.
No. No interest.
Nice going there Greg.
As we mortgage the whole goddamn company store to away in and out of John Henry.
We have to work, we have to work morning noon and night over hot microphone the entire staff just to try to script together enough cash to pay John Henry.
So we can keep that swill on there that nobody cares about.
Here's Helen Dale. Hello.
Hey, can we talk about arrows?
Yes. Did you see them?
Yes, I did.
Pretty damn good, weren't they?
Yeah, they were, they're great. They're always great.
I mean, they can be all, they can rock.
That's right. And you want to know why? Because they're real musicians because they're real talent. They don't have to go to a studio and have, you know, technically enhanced all kind of bull crap.
They could sing out here with a microphone out on the sidewalk.
Well, that's the way it's supposed to be with music, right?
That's right.
So I mean, I don't know.
I said, the fact that you hope to win it this long is just amazing.
It is.
You're right.
5.670560 maybe because you almost had something to say and pound 560 on.
See, that's an interesting thing about assholes like him.
He could actually have something to say when he calls.
I'm sure. I mean, he is a wacko, but he could actually just like that Mitch guy who comes up to me to hockey games.
Oh, you know, I just like giving you raspberry. I just like calling it.
And he says to me, well, how about if I called you and had a real conversation about hockey?
I said, okay.
Has he ever done that?
No.
No, because he's got nothing to say.
And the same with this guy, you can have a conversation.
You might have something to say, which is the reason you were just on here that long.
Plus, I didn't recognize the guy named voice.
It was a little bit of a lower register.
I said, maybe you didn't take quite so much helium before you made the call.
Very sad, but there are some people who are more interested in being, you know, whatever little characters, little silly people that happen something to say it.
That's up to you.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, I tried to watch that MTV Awards show last night.
Right.
I don't know how a show can be decadent and boring at the same time.
You know, usually it's decadent, at least you're going to watch it.
It might be titillating it.
Yeah, but it must be boring even with that.
It was very bad.
But I saw a movie the other night and I wanted to warn you away from it.
It was so bad that the audience hissed and booed after the movie was over.
Kind of like when Tommy Lee came out last night.
Oh, another story.
The astronaut's wife is that such a bad movie.
Yeah.
Well, what is it?
I've never never seen anything about it.
Well, it's a close-up of this woman's lips throughout the whole movie.
Upside down, pink lips red lipstick, dried lips that turn out throughout the movie.
I've got two sets of lips.
Yeah.
Anyway, don't see the movie.
Okay, I won't.
I'm not that big on lips anyway.
Well, I mean, it was incredibly bad.
Okay.
And I was glad you did.
And we did a bad as the Blair Bitch project.
It was worse than that.
Even worse than that.
And I had a little bit of gossip.
Okay.
I was in London a couple of months ago.
I was just tabloid out and had a picture of Michael Jackson's two little kids.
And those kids are wider than you and me.
And they said he really...
Just like the father was, whoever he was.
Yeah, like the real father.
Right.
So...
Well, only a moron, only an imbecile would believe that Michael Jackson is fathered any children.
Right.
I agree.
It's all bullcrab.
Right.
There's a better chance that Riva is really Jonathan's mother on a guiding light than Michael Jackson being anybody's father.
Oh, it was so odd.
The kids look more English than Prince Andrew.
There you go.
And by the way, speaking of Prince Andrew, you better hang on to your chair, Ty, when I tell you this, I have it on a very, very reliable source.
That Prince Edward isn't the other queen in that family, but it was Prince Andrew, who floats like a butterfly.
How do you like that?
Unbelievable.
Light as a feather.
Unbelievable.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Oh, she sounded shocked.
Prince Andrew.
I wonder if her he had to go to Weight Watchers.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, because like I've always told you, things are not what they appear to be.
Just keep that in mind.
All you kids out there, things are never what they appear to be on the surface.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Wasn't Prince Andrew in the Royal Navy, too?
He was, yeah, he was in the submarine, I think. He was down under.
I was watching the MTV Awards last night, and like 10 minutes in, my wife says to me, is this MTV or BET?
Mm-hmm.
There were, there were, in the early part of the show, that's the way I was feeling.
It was a great shortage of white folks in the early part of the show, except for Ricky Martin and he don't count.
Well, it literally bothered me at first, but then as it went on, it seemed like Chris Rock was talking about the white boy rappers.
Yeah.
And the Puerto Rican.
He talked about was white this and white that and the Puerto Rican.
And his whole rep got so sick in time.
See, I don't care, like back in the 60s, if they would have had such a thing then, which they didn't.
But if they would have had, and the entire program would have been the temptations and the miracles and the supreme and stevy wonder.
And all of those groups, I would have had no problem with that if they never brought out one white artist that wouldn't have had any problem.
I loved all of those people.
So it's not a racial thing, but the point is if you're going to give us somebody crap, you know, kind of mix it up a little bit.
Did he ever make fun of any of the black or ex?
No.
All it was was just the Puerto Ricans and the white boys.
Right.
I never heard of any one thing about Lauren Holley.
Well, the only thing he kept saying is, well, well Smith didn't win, and finally, well Smith did win, which may be nauseous.
Also, I don't, did you see you didn't see the poem of Cardney part, did you?
No.
It was so sad.
When I was watching him, I mean, let me ask you this.
Was he trying to be funny or was he just so seen, I'll be stupid, that he didn't know the performer's name?
Because it would seem to me that if, you know, they tell you that you're going to come on and do one of these presentations, that's the very least you take about 30 seconds, and you read over the names of the artist, you know, you can pronounce them right and who the hell they are.
I think he did it trying as a joke, but it swaps so badly.
Great British humor again, yeah.
You should have seen her face when you walked up there.
Good.
Like a stone.
All right.
Great.
But I was thinking that I was watching him, he seemed so lost, and like he didn't know what he was doing there.
He was almost as pathetic as Buddy Hackett was.
Yeah, but now that, that was sad.
I mean, that way, and they kept spinning him around and bringing him back, because they had nothing to say, and they're hoping that we're depending on him to come up with an ad lib here in there, you know, because these guys from the Blair Bridge Project had nothing to say, they kept going.
Yeah, you know, like that.
That's the same thing I thought I said, you know, this is cruel.
Right.
To him, it is to Buddy Hackett, because this guy doesn't know who these people are.
He doesn't know what's going on at this show, and they just dragged him out to give the last award at the end of the night.
Yeah.
And he doesn't belong here.
Great to let bring John Lennon on next year.
Oh, but you did see David Bowie.
Yes.
With that beautiful hair.
He was okay.
I love the part where he told Chris Rockio.
Yeah, that was good.
Little British sarcasm.
Okay, I'll have a great day.
Okay.
One thing about the British man, they were childish and they're sarcastic.
I mean, real sarcastic.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Not Friday, you're fast, dude.
And now Dr. Jeremy Burnham will give us a dramatic reading of Pretty Fly for a White Guy by the offspring.
Dr. Burnham?
Uno dos tres cuatro cincos, cincos, seis.
Yeah.
He needs some cool tunes, not just any else to fight, but they don't have ice cubes, so he bought vanilla ice.
Now cruising in his pinto, he sees homies as he tags.
But if he looks twice, they're going to kick his loli.
Now he's getting a tattoo.
He's getting inked up.
He asked for a 13, but they drew a 31.
Friendsay's trying too hard, and he's not quite hit.
But in his own mind, he's the dopest trip.
Give it to me, baby.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Give it to me, baby.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Give it to me, baby.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Give it to me, baby.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
One 15, by the way, the offspring.
Did they win anything last night?
No.
No, they're great.
A little bit too good for other people giving off the awards last night.
You jackasses, you clowns, you fools.
I'd like to know who the people are who vote on those things.
Besides the viewer's choice,
thank God for the viewer's choice award.
I would have just thrown in the towel about 830 and gone to Hill to bed.
You're welcome.
Once you're cramped.
Yeah, I'd like to know what a bunch of comments sit around in the table somewhere.
Oh, yeah.
Lauren Hill and Ricky Martin.
Let's give them all a good stuff.
Okay.
They got naked pictures of us.
Let's give them the awards.
Because that's the one thing that Ricky Martin has in common with Lauren Hill.
He can't think for s**t.
Although she is a lot more masculine than he is.
5670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Lady and Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm 15 years old.
I just want to say that I love the vaccine boys.
All right.
And I'm going to the concert on Tuesday.
And I think that they should have won so many more awards.
Right.
And they were nominated for four and they should have won all four.
I know.
And it's held to something that they won the viewer's choice award.
And Lauren Hill or no, whoever from the family didn't win it.
And that's what everyone wants them to win.
But I think Lauren Hill and TLC shouldn't even like been in the same category.
Because they're like nothing.
They're like, don't even, they're not even good.
Exactly.
I just want to say that I love your show.
And you're really cool.
Thanks.
We're done.
Okay.
Bye.
See you two day.
Okay. There you go.
Finally, it only took three hours and 16 minutes.
We've got a young person that is in some serious music.
At least more serious than most of the crap we saw last night.
My final.
The one.
I'm serious.
If you actually were to sit down and examine the, uh,
Cacophony of Swilda, forget about Chris Rock and forget about all the, uh,
you know, the, the visual effects.
But if you were just to take an exam and what was passed off as music last night,
95% of it will make you sit down and puke your guts out.
And wonder how the music industry actually sells any records at all.
Because so much of it is so, so bad like that Ricky Martin.
You can't think for sure.
Exactly.
I'm going to tell you something.
This Mark Anthony guide is another one just, just like Ricky Martin.
You can't think for sure.
Although a little more macho.
Although not take that.
I don't know.
And I don't care.
Just like that whole hour they had an ABC a couple of nights ago that I talked about.
Never got one call about it about the Latin beat and Latin music and yadda yadda yadda.
Now one word about Luis Miguel who sings circles around all these other Julio's.
Man, they're a joke.
He's a real singer.
He's got the greatest voice in the world.
And they're hawking us a china with Mark Anthony and Ricky Martin.
You can't think for sure.
God damn it.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I wish you had hosted it, man.
That would have been the funniest thing I ever saw in my life.
It would have been great.
Oh man, you would have ripped all those suits in the front of it.
You would have ripped a hell of those sparsers.
Those no talent lacrosse.
I'll tell you that.
That's right.
I love it.
And that ends think I would have really let them have it.
Oh my god.
Take away their Visa and Mastercard and send it back to the Kishtaquin.
It was pretty pathetic.
And the sad thing is, like you say, there's once you take away the editing and their videos and everything,
they come out on stage and you realize that most of these performers don't really have much talent
and they can't stand alone.
You know what I mean?
That's right.
And it was just...
That's why when Steve Tyler comes in there from like through the crowd and he's carrying the portable mic.
And he's singing and Joe Perry is playing a guitar and they hop up on the stage.
And they're just doing this spontaneous thing.
And then he's great because he's a real musician.
That's right.
And a lot of these guys, they couldn't handle that.
I mean, reading a Q-card, they were just the entire...
Everything was like dead and the people were looking around and the audience like,
is this it?
Is this what we're here for?
We're the new talent.
Right.
But hey, I'm going to the Backstreet Boys and I'm going with my friend Germain and we're going to have...
We got great seats.
All right.
And if you could play that parody, she hasn't heard it yet, but I would love to hear that.
I've told her all about it.
Okay, you got it.
Love you Neil.
Take care.
Okay.
See now, why did you assume that your main was a guy?
You see, you've got this thing again.
I'm going to give you that Gorf-E-Dalb book, even though it'll be a waste of time.
I don't read back books.
Okay.
It's not a fact book.
Didn't he write it?
Okay.
Whatever you say.
I wouldn't even waste my time responding to that comment.
56670560, if there is a more brilliant person on the face of the earth, I have never read anything that they've written.
Okay.
That is beyond a shadow of a doubt.
The place is pretty smart.
It's for a fact.
Wish I could say the same about you for a spick.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
11 minutes, 11 seconds of waiting.
And Miami.
Craped out.
Craped out.
Here's Hialia.
Hello.
Are you doing Neil?
Okay, sir.
I saw the MTV Awards.
I want to.
Mr.
I'm chronic.
I'm chronic.
I have a nice day.
I can't handle it.
I mean, we've got a few calls here today.
Not overwhelming, but it's been pretty good.
Call me on a day when we're really, I mean, really desperate.
I'll let you know.
I'll give you the signal.
Probably like Monday.
Happy New Year, by the way.
Happy New Year.
Russia.
Shawna, baby.
Then we got you.
I'm Kipper antenna.
You better eat a lot today in the next few days because we'll all be fasting on you.
I'm Kipper.
No.
No.
In fact, I'm going to have my mother make some extra mindal bread for you.
I'm Kipper just to piss off the far-bison of the.
Yeah.
For our far-bison.
And you worth a lot of juice like your accountant.
Yeah, somebody was asking me about that.
When I told you your accountant you had on your and gave away a case of beer too, by the way.
I don't pay him.
So it's disgraceful.
It really is.
That you have such, such a lack of scruples.
I mean, I take a lot of freebies too.
But just because you don't pay him.
And because he's able to swindle the government out of whatever he can.
I'm sure you could find some other very dishonest accountants because it goes with the territory.
But to do business with a man who is so, even a guy with a butterfly that wouldn't go anywhere near him.
Because he'd probably tie him up with the fillin and stick him in a broom closet somewhere.
Like that.
He ain't even bright enough to go.
He couldn't do that one.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Pompano.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, I just don't understand what the whole big thing is on the MTV Awards.
Because I didn't even bother watching it.
There's nothing ever good on MTV anyway.
Yeah, you're right.
I mean, it's the whole thing.
They had a little run there for a while when they were doing road rules and in the real world.
And they had some hot-looking young teenagers on there.
Yeah, but now they put all these neurotic ugly people on there.
And you're right.
They had a little flash there for about a month or two and now they're right back in the toilet again.
Yeah.
I mean, VH1 is starting with these retrospective bands.
VH1, I agree with you.
It's pretty good.
I've been watching them a lot lately.
They got some good crap on there.
All the stuff from the 70s and where are they now?
And it's pretty interesting stuff.
That definitely is.
I didn't watch the thing on the Google Dolls last night.
They just had something.
I didn't see that one.
Yeah, from Buffalo, no less.
Yeah, well, my friend who was watching it, he was also on the internet.
So when he went online and saw the Lauren Hill internet ratings, it was one of the lowest.
So what I want to know is how she's blown over at MTV to get all these awards.
What do you mean by internet ratings?
Who rated?
MTV had the internet where people would able to sign on and vote for whoever they wanted.
What do you mean by that?
On the viewers' choice thing.
Right.
Right.
Isn't that the proof in the pudding?
Like I said, the Backstreet Boys won that award because of the most popular group in the world right now.
And she probably came in like taking up the last place, no doubt.
Yeah, it's just completely unbelievable.
Well, hopefully this will show everyone that MTV really isn't where it's at.
Exactly.
Anyway, the reason why I call on you.
This is with Tom Green on MTV.
Yes, sir.
Are you going to know any free tickets to the hockey fest?
Sure.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's go to a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
They knew.
Yes, sir.
The Pasadakun Kugashima's POHA.
Uh-huh.
Hey, a couple of things.
First of all, that's your last name.
The first name, two languages, both poorly done.
Go ahead.
That show is an abortion lesson.
Yeah, I agree with it.
Uh-huh.
The right to life is I think our marching at the MTV headquarters in Manhattan.
Uh-huh.
Secondly, I don't think Paul McCartney was trying to be funny.
I really think the guy was just in the clouds.
Mm-hmm.
When he, uh, I, I, I, I heard you didn't see that part, right?
No.
When he announced the winner, he said a guy named Lauren Phil.
Oh, and I really don't think he was trying to be funny.
Yeah.
Um, secondly, something I wanted to tell you.
I don't ever known for great comedy.
That's what Michael Jackson said.
You know, I, I don't always agree with you on your music, um,
case on bands that you, uh, that you like.
Like, but I'll tell you this.
Yeah.
But I'll tell you this.
Um, I give it the benefit of the doubt and I listen to it.
And one thing is for sure, the production value on, on these bands are, are top, are top notes.
I mean, I like the music.
But if you don't like the way you're talking about it, like the back of the boys,
the backstreet boys and, um, uh, Luis Miguel.
Well, while Luis Miguel has, I don't see where there's a lot of debate there.
He just got a great voice.
And, and, and they're produced well.
Yeah.
It's not crap.
It's done well.
Um, and that's it.
And I'm going to tell you another thing.
How come 98 degrees wasn't there last night, which I'm sure was in your kind of music.
Not your bag.
But nevertheless, these guys are great.
And they've had two, two, three big hits in the last year.
How come they weren't there last year when we get all these farsers in there?
What was that all about?
I guess, I guess you don't sing rap music anymore.
You just ain't crap.
That's what it's all about.
It's all about the rap.
You just pull a crap.
I spend a lot more time watching VH1 now than, uh, in the, yeah, that's what we're all about.
Hey, uh, Neil, in closing, sugar cookies, I wrote beancaus.
Okay.
See ya.
Thanks, Sandy.
By the way, how's Anne's, uh, will coming along?
5, 6, 7.
We ever hear any more about that?
No.
Oh, that kind of dried up real fast, just like Anne.
25 after 1 at 5, 60, WQM.
Yeah.
Oh, VD.
Like this is we sing.
Like the sea's but we must tell you we swear we're not gay if you want.
Oh.
Oh.
We look alike.
We sing like a bunch of girly whiners of the city.
Our agency's we gotta sing.
We swear we're not gay.
Our biggest fans don't swell your old girls.
You think we're as cute as you do?
Yeah.
As they get older, they all figure out.
We're hiding our late-tempsies.
One thing is for sure we get.
Let me join you.
Was I close or the traffic is fine?
I don't want to do a thing.
I shouldn't have tried to.
But today, he thinks that we have better say.
We swear we're not gay.
I swear we're not gay.
Here's some real music.
Why do you guys win 18 last time?
The offspring?
Great video.
You see the video?
I guess basically that they're trying to say it's a kid who walks up.
But anyway, 132 at 560 WQM the offspring.
Keep your eye on them.
Okay, just keep your eye on it.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Hey, the offspring rocks.
They are.
They're great.
I've got to tell you, I don't know if you were flicking your channels yesterday.
Tell the mundo had the best of the Latin Billboard Awards.
What a piece of junk.
They had switching channels back and forth and they had Ricky Martin for like 10 minutes talking.
I just feel like blowing my TV with a shotgun.
Only one thing to say about him.
He can't think for sh**.
You're right.
And Neil.
Yeah.
That'd be cool.
Okay.
Oh, by the way, I never give a plug to Atlantic City sub shops that brought us lunch today.
God, are they great?
They're not good.
They're sensational.
They're spectacular.
Thank you guys.
Good.
You want to.
There are 3355 Sheridan Street in the Hollywood.
And man, you talk about great subs and other stuff too.
Salons and.
It's right next to the T.Y. Park.
That's right next to the T.Y. Park, which is too bad we're not still at packs and they'd be right like up to three.
We can be eaten for them every 5 minutes and they could be out of business by the time we got done with them.
Thanks guys.
Atlantic City stubs are stubs in Hollywood.
Isn't that what that thing by TLC?
No stubs.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Palm 5 60 on that part.
They make me sick.
They make me physically ill TLC.
Oh, God.
I mean, you could ask me right now.
Are there any black recording artists out now that you like?
And I would tell you.
No.
And it's got nothing to do with race.
There are zillions of black recording artists from the last 40 years that I love.
You could look at my music collection at home.
Zillions and Zillions.
All the Motown stuff.
It's that stomino.
Marvin and is Marvin Gaye.
I just said Motown.
But I'm going to tell you this collection of losers you got out there now, man.
And am I missing?
Am I leaving somebody out?
I don't want to, you know, generalize like that.
Is there a black recording artist out today that I really like who's a real singer key?
Who's really a musician?
We're thinking.
We got our thinking caps on Isaac Hayes on the South Park.
No, he's OK.
He'd be good.
Here's the Pember Pine.
Hello.
I would say Clarence Clemens, but he doesn't really sing too much these days.
Yeah.
Clarence Dero.
Nice piece on Ray Rekky today.
Sorry about it.
I kind of feel with Dwayne, in terms of like that.
I thought he was a guy.
It was a good guy.
He wrote from the heart.
He didn't always agree with a little small detail.
That's right.
That was the purpose of his column.
He wasn't supposed to be in Ozyon, Provocatoria.
It was honest.
Right.
You know, it was boring honesty, whatever, but it was still his honesty.
Right.
I think that, you know, we're probably a little poorer off today.
Anyway, about MTV, I'm reminded about what I saw when I first watched ESPN2,
when the critics said it's for people who are white and want to be black and for old who want to be young.
And it's just, I think it's a non-entity.
It doesn't even exist.
Yeah.
I think you're right.
I mean, I got sucked into it real heavily there for a couple of months because they had some pretty good stuff on here.
And of course, the Tom Green show, I mean, no matter where they put that, you all watch it.
What does it tell you when their best stuff is non-music stuff?
Yeah.
And as far as radio stations down here, they all suck.
I mean, the radio stations teach you, you know, and introduce you to new music and new opportunities and new artists.
And when do you have that down here?
No.
I go to Washington to listen to good music.
Yeah.
All right. I'm out of material.
Okay.
He's back.
He's back.
He's back.
He's back.
He's back.
See, I mean, they had a good thing going there.
And that's the thing about these people that run these TV stations and TV networks.
They don't know what they're doing.
Every now and then they fall into a bucket of crap.
And all of a sudden, you know, they go through the roof.
And then, look at us.
We're brilliant.
And then all of a sudden, they're right back where they started again because they don't know what they're doing right.
If they were to just stuck with the hot young people on there, you know, on the beach and all that stuff, and real worth.
Instead of these neurotic goddamn crybaby ugly people, nobody wants to see a bunch of crybaby neurotic people, okay?
God.
Jesus Christ, it's like this stuff with these soap operas.
It's like guiding lightly.
It's not to make you want to take a goddamn shotgun.
Since everybody's got their guns out these days
and blow a big hole in the middle of the screen, you know.
Right through Reva's brain and where it used to be.
Here's the greatest love story in soap opera history.
Next maybe the Pukin Lora in general hospital is Reva and Josh.
Okay. For the last 600 years on guiding life,
the great love story.
She's only been close to that 600 different times on a show.
She's disappeared.
She drowned.
She drove off the goddamn skyway in St. Petersburg.
I mean, she keeps coming back.
And now, well, she's not so sure because she had this son
with a prince over there on some island
and nobody ever heard of before.
And Jonathan, I mean, just, and then enough to make you want to scream.
Just get that on the floor and make screaming or wrenching noises.
God.
Here's the leading coral springs. Hello.
Hi, Uncle Neil.
I just want to say that I love your show and Back She Boy's rule.
Yes, ma'am.
And what was with Uncle Lil Kim's outfit last night when the MTV Music Awards?
I think if she would have left the other one off, they would have had a probably censor it.
Well, I can't say Back She Boy's rule and I'm going to a concert on Wednesday.
All right.
And you're so awesome.
Okay. See you there.
Okay. Bye.
Bye.
Give Nick a big kiss for us.
Okay.
Don't be picking on Nick.
Okay. Like I said, Kevin Wayne.
And I didn't imagine it either.
Did not imagine it.
He put his hand around Kevin's neck, you know, kind of like a friendly like, hey, we did it.
And Kevin kind of like pulled away like, oh, don't touch me sweetheart.
Don't touch me.
5.67.0560.560.
I'm telling you, I saw it with my own four eyes.
I was watching real close.
That was what I was waiting for all night long.
I was rooting like when they had the like, when M and M one, I'm like, yeah.
You know, I'm like pumping my arm up in the air like my team discord a guy damn touchdown.
Like it was a ball game like the Maple Leafs just scored a guy then goal to win the Stanley Cup.
Yes.
And when Madonna wanted to go to them to just which I was hoping I said that yesterday she ought to win in that category.
And plus she was beaten at Dan Lauren Hilbert again anyway.
And I said, yeah.
And then when we got to the video choice awards, then I like got up and was high-fiving myself.
I was squeezing it.
22 before 2 at 5.60, which is a good see.
It's good that I went to bed at that point.
That was excellent. It was a quarter to 11.
It was late enough for an old fart like me.
I went to bed.
I said, there's nothing more.
And I forgot about that last award, which thank God I missed more Lauren Hill.
I would have called in sick today.
If I would have seen Lauren Hill get the best video of the year, that would have put me over the edge.
I'd had her relapse.
Friday, you were asleep.
MTV presents nine inch nails unplugged.
I want a fuck you like an animal.
Damn it, this thing's not on.
Welcome to season working.
She tried you knocked over my bonge.
Nine inch nails unplugged.
Only on MTV.
I'll tell you one thing.
They got the good stuff last night before they did whatever it was that they did.
Was it a performance?
No.
I don't know what it was, but it was bizarre.
Joint QAM broadcasting live from hockey fest 99 tomorrow from noon to 5 p.m.
Enjoy interactive games, meat Florida Panther players and much more at the National Car Yentos Center.
Maybe you'll be lucky enough to meet Jeff Rimmer over there tomorrow.
And he'll let you buy him dinner with some future date.
Or maybe tomorrow night.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
Oh, by the way, when he was here this morning, did he say anything about that lunch he's going to buy it?
Okay.
No.
No.
And the same day that you get that bonus from last rating book, that's when Rimmer is, in fact, that's when you're going to lunch with Rimmer
because then you'll have the money to pay for it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
Of the acts that were on last night, how many do you think performed live and how many were like singing tracks?
There were some that were half and half.
Like the Backstreet Boys did, I wanted that way.
It was a very abbreviated version live.
And then the other song, the new single, when they had a big production thing and they were all dancing, that obviously.
And anytime there's a big production number like that where everybody's dancing and jumping around, it's got to be, you know, lips singing.
Yeah, but don't you think, you know, if you're, you know, going up from an award, everything should be live.
Don't you think it's that good?
No.
I don't expect anybody can do a big, wild, dancing, choreographed number like some of those last night and sing live.
But it's just not possible.
True.
You know what I say?
I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, you know
I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, it's really very important that you learn how to talented people receive this message.
right and oddly enough he also got the screenplay for better and palim
sister is all about the biography of spanish
yes okay you demand thanks
even though he's not intellectual enough for George
five intellectual enough why
i don't have to read the book what was that jesus five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
start out with a city in the pillar okay
you want to get a real good fact book
here's Miami hello hello new yes sir why you talk so bad about low in
hill man she blows
i think she's better than the other thing about their
sucks
and you crazy man that's my opinion she i mean is that make me a bad guy
because i don't like her music well you know what by the way the back
street boy's up
yeah how do you know you see that
was that just a rumor
okay that's his material at the end of that
i wouldn't debate that i'm not so sure all of them do but i have a feeling i
know which ones might already took that out
yeah
yeah
find out which one
yeah the back street boy here's a guy that's peddling the lower in a hill
and let me say it again i'm gonna look up that thing on a website what is
do we know what the mpv website is
somebody will call it to a
yeah i'll just do the mpv search and find out what the website is and go on
the uh... interactive thing from last night don't have the results
from the of you were his choice
which the back street boys one i'm sure in a landslide
and loren hill was way way down to the bottom sucking wind okay which i'm sure
is what he does best you know i'm saying yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
uh...
that's that's your act that's her whole routine now
he just make a lot of noises and and in her spurs a few lines of lyrics in
between
in between a whole bunch
you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you
he sucks man she blows
here's poppano hello
the cleaned up with the goberg exactly very very well put
very well put
and there's something about re reiki
he died i had no idea
yeah i didn't want to that happen
it happened last night i guess
well that's what he was fifty one yet pancreatic in the um... uh... liver cancer
fifty one
and when in the hospital a couple months ago on be notes to me i was out of time
on vacation i guess when he wrote a column saying that he was in the hospital
fighting for his life and etc and uh... bingo fifty one years old is that it was a
good guy
that i mean i was away for a few days but i didn't see the paper with an
wedding
on page of the sun sent us more
uh...
okay the past a morbid going back to last night
that guy's a moron who called up and said he thought paul mccarney was serious
when he introduced her loren hill
he was clearly just a know the winner is some guy named loren
that great that great british humor you know it'll kill you every time
i didn't know who she was talking about the dot it came out so that i had to
introduce someone's the first person that
that got me nervous and i'm not easily impressed because i meet so many great
people with them like i have got like the artist from the way known as human being
hey which one is nick i thought nick had blonde hair he does okay so he's the other
he's like the lead singer out there because i never watch mtb but i was kind of
what he's uh... i would say if you had to pick a lead singer i'm off of the songs
he is yet i mean i'm the one where they did a little medley where they did uh...
i wanted that right right here's the one on the left i don't really like a pineapple head
more like a no no no no no let me explain it to you
this was a it was an interview that they did from mtb when the guys went or land
out taping their new video right and they were all made up he was he had his head
uh... his hair up in the air like a pineapple head for the video is that that's not
the way it's here usually is and so all i did was just make an offhand comment
and it's young bitch i heard a call calls it oh my god you know and she called up
scus she called up in tears i mean hysterical and here i love the backstreet boys i
love that carter i mean okay don't look so good but nevertheless i like their music
they're great guys and she's she's a given me a bunch of crap
i never listened to music greater on here because i don't but that song is that they are
really good i would tell them whether george likes it or not they're then good
i mean they're no limit biscuit but they're not too bad okay
the funniest line last night was the fifty nine thousand dollars in the pocket that was
good that was great thank god i remember that you can have the rest of it after that
okay yeah what happened the other fifty nine thousand something's got his pocket for
making that piece of crap sixty thousand dollars man make that shake that camera around
where did it go yeah where where that sixty thousand go like i said chris rock is great
oh he is great when he's doing his thing but unfortunately he left most of his thing uh
somewhere else last night he left his thing god these people get so defensive oh you must be
erases do you know like i like chris rock he just wasn't that good last night was disappointing
when you build something up it's like sex you know it's like if there's a build up for like
20 weeks you're gonna have the greatest sex in your life with the whatever it is okay
and then it turns out to be maybe they smell not so good you know and maybe they're like cold as
an ice cube and maybe it's like a little squirt squirt dribble you know and that's as much as
you can work up not all that good disappointing and the bigger you build something up it better
be really great it's like a meal i don't want to mention you know like smith and mullinsky
i don't want to mention that because i don't want them to feel bad because they still have
the expensive set of steak knives they brought me thank you by the way so the nice huh they're
they're real good they're special in fact it's a good thing i got them and not then because they
probably like to come over here and use them on me right
