Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
On the Neil called 567 0560 toll free, Bernadine and Broward form pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
Beasley Read Acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
I can't think of anything to say.
It isn't gentlemen. This is left over's number five.
On Thanksgiving Day, everybody ate the food that was on their plate.
We had turkey with all the fixed things. Grandma said eat up because there's a lot more education.
I had to stop because there was so stuff. Five plate fools was fighting up.
I had to wipe me, dark me, turn up some stuff in, unbutton my pants, cause my belly was bustin'.
When it was time for me to get out of there, Grandma gave me lots of stuff for where I fool the gravy potatoes.
I'll be eating all of this until Christmas.
A little bit of stuff and you can take home.
I found a match for tables and a turkey's bone.
A little bit of ham on wrapped in form.
Better eat it up before it's far.
The cranberry sauce and the side to cheese.
Put some in the fridge and the rest you freeze.
A little bit of jam and misnip pie.
Eating turkey sandwiches till I die.
Left over's number five.
One wheel, I do make a Honda, got another turkey suit.
My fridge is old, full, that the door won't shut.
Got turkey coming out of my butt.
Left over's number five.
Can't think of anything to say.
10.02.560 WQM, I have a feeling.
I don't want to start getting nervous here, but I have a feeling in the balls of my stomach.
That we could have another technical disaster here today.
I could be wrong about that.
Greg reads running around in the hallway going like that.
That's that, cause they're finally, it looked like they actually did something out here.
The contractors, they must have paid them $50 this week.
And they actually did something out there to guide them a hallway.
And he's running around back and forth.
How come he's not running around in here?
They're getting these goofballs to get this stuff fixed.
God damn it.
We got important Barry Jackass stuff to do here today for about three or four hours.
And we got to make sure everybody hears it.
You know what I'm talking about?
You get the message, God damn it.
Yeah, I'm sure you do.
I mean, this is not rocket science.
Okay, we've been in here for eight months, the overheads, other than maybe one or two days.
That wasn't a problem.
The freaking phone has always been a problem, which we understand that we know it's going to take another five, ten years to get that straightened out.
So the good news is Barry Jackass has gone off the deep ass.
I found Joe.
Joe Rose in the worst team.
I take back anything I've ever said in a negative about that show.
The greater show in the history of sports radio right there, the worst thing, the best thing.
That's right.
They redeemed themselves this morning.
They put this putts, this little putt-wacking putts over the edge.
I actually don't handed me the phone there in the studio there about ten minutes ago.
The 85th time that Barry called.
And I put it to my ear just he was saying, goodbye, goodbye.
And slamming the phone down.
Barry, I think you've lost it, baby.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Maniac, schmuck.
And you want to know why he's lost it because he's been outed again for the eight million times.
How's Don Smiley doing with those marlins, by the way, with his Marlin baseball team?
Oh, feel good, huh?
Not.
How's that whaffin doing there that didn't show not one diary that wasn't mentioned in the summer arbitrawn book?
Wasn't mentioned, doesn't exist that the broadcast notes from Barry Jackass in the hero today goes on and on and on about seventeen hundred of the fans knew a line up.
They're doing this.
And that there were a lot of this because their salespeople are all walking out and they keep juggling the line up every five minutes because they can't pay anybody.
And so Barry's got all of that in there.
And at the very end of his broadcast notes, all with WQM carrying Panther Sabers and Saturday Night, the University of Miami Virginia Tech games shifts to Waxi 790, which is a kind of a shot because all of you that put that the UM game on Waxi because they got the damn Panther hockey game.
Barry, you are perfect for this town.
You and the newspaper for which you write.
Front story after front story, then of course the best part of it was because it's such a bushling town.
Alan Snell at the Sun Sentinel was matching him story for story and they were putting that crap on the front page too.
So that each newspaper, both of our two major newspapers could match each other for that.
That's right.
Mistake for mistake.
Perfect for this town.
Barry Jackass in the hero.
Bill Torrey says there's nothing new with the sale of the team.
We told you when they first moved into the goddamn macarena before last season started, Wayne had indicated he wanted to sell the team.
Before they ever moved in there, that wasn't a news story.
Hank mentioned that yesterday.
We've been talking about this for ages.
He was getting ready to unload if a buyer came along, but it's not like there's some kind of a fire sale going on now.
Is it? No, there's no news there.
There's no news.
There is no story and Barry Jackass again.
You know, I read the thing yesterday, I said, you know, but it's written by Barry Jackass.
So you have to kind of like raise three eyebrows.
That's exactly what I said.
And wonder, could it possibly be another goddamn Barry Jackass mistake?
Yes.
It doesn't make any difference what the price is.
There are no buyers, Barry.
There is no activity going on.
There are no discussions.
There is no transaction.
There is nothing taking place.
And once again, on the front page of a supposedly major market newspaper.
And when they do something good like the story, the 85-part story on my international airport.
We're all more than happy to get incredible credit to do.
I mean, it's the old story.
If you throw enough crap up in the air, some of it will come back in at the ground.
So when you got 75,000 pages every day, 74,800 of which are advertising, just like us.
Sooner or later, they're going to put something in their turns out to be pretty good.
I'd like to investigate a thing, even though it's 20 years too late on MIA.
And like turning on Mayor Pingo, that's very good too, because they stuck their little thing out the window.
And they saw which way to win was low.
And they said, ah, everybody hates him. He's an asshole.
There you go. Nice going.
That took a lot of balls.
At least we commend you for that. Better late than ever.
But Barry Jackass, who, and by the way, he's not even a sports columnist.
The sports columnist in this town of the people who write a column like that appears on the first couple of pages.
Not somebody that writes some throwaway crap pretending to know about the NBA way to hell in the back there.
Or write so called broadcast notes, which always appears like back on the inside back page like today.
You know, Eddie Pope, I mean as bad as he is and Dave Hyde and Dave Joseph and what's his name?
A Michael Holdemail. Those are the sports columnists in here.
And this little punwacker, this little pucks who walked up to me in the airport in Toronto a year and a half ago.
I'm sitting there, my own business waiting for the plane.
Walks up to the waddles. Didn't walk he waddled up to me.
Said, hi Neil, you know who I am. I said, not really. I want Barry Jackson.
And you know, a lot of what you say about me is true.
And I said, hey Barry, I'm holding the newspaper. I said, here's the Toronto son of you. Do you ever read this paper?
No, I never saw it. I said, well, here you go. I'm finished with it. Read a real newspaper with a real sports section. Find out what a real sports section is all about.
And he took the paper and waddled away. He waddled away.
You're an imbasa. You're a blathering jackass.
That's why you got the name that fits Barry. Barry Jackass. I might do the whole four hours on you when you're God damn newspaper.
Today I'm so whipped up. And by the way, he isn't allowed to call this radio station on the air.
So he's calling off the year 60,000 times. And Joe Rose is in there calling him every God they'm in a name in a book.
All of them accurate, by the way. And he's calling back.
Wayne Hingert is on the best suckle at the ever met and John Hamle is on the biggest suckle and the best suckle.
He has sucked this, Barry. No, I'm for the second thought I'll pass.
I'd have to wear a body condom before I even spoke to you again, Barry.
Yeah, that's right. I'm afraid that I would catch Barry Jackass disease.
That I would all of a sudden start running around all over town going like that, which is your especially, Barry.
You're a moron. You're a jackass. You're a big part. You and your newspaper are a big part of what's wrong with this town.
Bush league would be a compliment for you. Okay, sweetheart. Bush league. You're not even in the category to be Bush league.
And you're so transparent. It's like looking through a paint of glass.
Oh, yeah. Here's a chance. We hate QAM. We hate the morning guys. We hate Hank. We especially hate that bag in the middle of the day.
We hate him like poison and Harold hated him for 20 years.
So now here's a chance for us to pump up this Phantom radio station on there with a bunch of silly people that nobody ever heard of sitting around talking to each other doing amateur sit down comedy.
Let me say it again, Barry. They didn't even show in the summer rating book. They didn't have one diary. They aren't listed according to the arbitraried ratings.
The station that you're writing about every day doesn't exist. They don't exist.
You got it, Barry? Yeah. I knew you would.
10 past 10 at 560 WQM. Parakeite.
You think blackmail is the worst of all?
A big blackmail.
You don't think blackmailing a charity is wrong?
You then don't look over and saw anybody. We see child's clothing strong.
That's a fail, right? What throws up your ass at the side?
Watch that side.
Don't you raise your eyes?
That's a fail, right?
It's real well.
Roy?
You'll be the big job back tonight.
All right.
I smack your hand and throw something on it the way you like.
Screw it.
You get my boat going long and strong.
It carries everybody in to hold your hands no fair if it's wrong.
You've gone dead, you wife.
You just beat myself.
The kind of bitch we love.
You know how to do that.
All right.
The big with no kids is out here.
10.
10.
10.
10.
837,
12.
945...
10.
of them this morning never popped the CD in there, never out popped the Zit, never did
anything because I was so fascinated. I'm thinking, hey, these guys are taking a gloves off.
Now they're really actually saying something. I'm giving them high five right here in the
car. Are we on the air? By the way, where's my line check? Where's the call here so I can
put the guy to the empty on the air? You bozos? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
wireless light. I think they shut the transmitter off. Maybe that's why Greg Reed was running
right up and down the hallway. Look at that. We can't even get a test call here this morning.
And then the callers are all calling in while I'm enjoying this and it also happened
in the last 20 minutes there while Barry was calling and Joe was running back and forth
and we were all peeing in our pants. And what are the callers talking about? Oh,
Danny and Danny and Danny get out of here. My end of those people. Look at this. Let
me, what's going on here? Hey, how you doing, Neil? What is that? The lines aren't ringing
now. I was the right thing ring like 10 times on my end. Oh my God. Here we go again.
How you doing, sir? Pretty good. What lucky number was that? You were lucky number
one. Lucky number one line. But the problem is that the
lines aren't flashing. They're not ringing. They're just punched you up just to
another awful. The phone is just a nightmare now. It's crazy. It's a nut house. Oh,
boy. Thanks, pal. You sound fine. Yep. There you go. At least he sounds good, but the
problem we had a new problem every day. It's a new problem here at Beasley Grade. It
every day. You know something I got news for you. You want me to say goodbye, write me a
check right now, Greg. Okay, just come on in. I know you can't sign it. We'll have the
Beasley's come over. We'll pick them up in a limo and I'll have them sign a
check. Okay, and I'll sit. Okay, bye bye. I'll take my CDs, my picture of Enrique
Eglaceus. I'll take my blow up dolls, all my good stuff. See you later. Bye bye. Just
write a check. I'll leave them out. Give me a 50% off. How's that?
On the last two years and 10 months, not that I'm counting. This is unbelievable.
And I come into this morning and the engineer is told bluff. You know,
bluff is wipe at a couple of tears from the quarter of his eye. I guess because of that
terrible hockey game last night, which I'm proud to say I left after the second period.
So I can go home and see that amazing finish of the Penguin Montreal game.
This is just unbelievable. The goddamn computer one is thing. Now they're flashing here on the
phone. W-Q-I-N. I'm going to miss frequent meal bliss. Speaking. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Is your old tip the third buddy? All right. Yeah, I was got a bunch of rings and then I had
a busy time. Uh, what? I got a busy signal and the phone rang about 10 times and then back to my
way. It's ringing because it doesn't, it's, uh, it's, uh, we're all screwed up again here.
And that sounds clear now. It sounds great. Yeah. Okay, pal, thanks.
Want to say good morning. Okay, tip tip about your turn.
It's the third right over on the floor. Okay. Thanks. Oh my god. I'm sitting here again. I'm wondering
what the hell's going on. I can't even get a line checker here and then coming to find out the
lines are all smoldering. They're ringing off the hook. Even line nine and if they're not showing
up on the computer here again. Again, again, like Frato said, as Marlon Brando was shot there,
Don Corleone for the eight-mediate time on the sidewalk and Frato was rocking back and forth
with his head in his hand going again, again. That's how I feel here.
Every day I come in here this morning, everything's supposed to be okay.
The overhead speakers, the volume in here is so loud that if I barely crack the pot on here,
if I barely spoke the pot, you know what I mean? Yeah. If I barely crack it a little bit,
all of a sudden it's like blurring the speakers hopping off the wall.
Oh, now we're, we're now we're reconfiguring we're rebooting the whole phone thing here now.
I see, I would have thought that if the engineers really cared, if Greg Reed really cared,
if the program director really cared, they would have made sure that they went all this through
with a fine tooth comb yesterday after we left here with another goddamn Pukin Ducing show,
because the stress factor here is just too great to do a goddamn radio show. We can't even get a
goddamn studio that works two years after the fact. There is something for you to write about.
Very, but of course you won't because you'd have to mention my name and acknowledge that I'm on the
year. Oh, there we go. What the hell did we have to do there? What was that all about?
I just had to fix something. We just had to fix something. Even Roberts developed a great sense of
humor about this half-ass towards graphic equipment. Jesus Joseph and Mary, when are you going to
get with it, Mr. Reed, Mr. Big Shot, Mr. Sports Mogul? That's wandering around in a hallway,
making gutterable sounds. God, are you a make-ball? Are you a wannabe?
Oh, we want. That's all. Just give us a room here that works and then we'll be out of your hair.
Is, you know, that's it. Unbelievable. 15 more minutes of living hell here because now we finally
had to go through a big sauna to dance and we figured this piece of dirt. There's some great pawn shops
on 441, by the way. Why don't we just go out with the engineering department and we'll just hop
into the QAM van and we'll get some reconditioned crap at the pawn shop. It's got to be better
in the equipment we got here. I just can't believe it. Every day this studio has developing new
and exciting problems that never happened before. I think it's sabotage. That's what I think.
The Rogers guy. Yeah, that's right. Sabotage. We got to bring in God and try lock home.
I don't have every freaking day. I mean, how difficult should it be after like you've been on a
year for two years in this building? I mean, way back in the beginning when Greg Wien turned tail
and got on a plane around off to Chicago because he knew that he was giving us a bunch of crap
and that we probably wouldn't be able to get on here without a lot of technical problems.
That he was right. And he's actually walking around around. Do we see him anywhere here? Is he
like involved in this? No, he's busy running around making sure what color is what color 11 are.
They're going to paint the hallway out there outside the power 96 studio. What color are
sure to say they're going to paint the hallways out there? Jesus Joseph and Saul.
I just don't I don't get it. I don't get it. And yesterday having been paiday that means there's
like an hour and other two weeks till today until the next pay day. So the motivation factor for
me just to get up and run the hell out of here and just screaming into the hallway is very great.
It's very high. But nevertheless. Was that bluff that just opened the door and gave you a look
like like what is he doing besides wiping the tears from the corner of his eye? What is he doing?
You want to make sure everything was all right. Oh, everything's beautiful right for the moment
for the moment. Of course, I'm already warned that the overhead that the speaker is probably
will deteriorate because our $15 Cresgh amplifier is like on a way. It's on the fritz. It's on the
blink. It's blinking at me. Okay. The wink and blink and then nodding off.
Just when you least expect it, I'm feeling great. I'm on a roll. We got to we're just slicing the
crap. Very Jackson is going off the deep edge. We plan to know something Greg Reed ought to be
kissing our ass. He and each other like poison him and the Harold and very Jackass. His good buddy.
And by the way, he's the one who encouraged him because he's the only person that Greg Reed would
return his phone calls with very Jackass. Did he return my phone calls? No. No.
Lawyers? No. Anybody else? No. But very Jackass, he's got this affinity. Even gives him his home number.
Even gives very Jackass his home number and says,
Barry, don't call me at home unless it's really an emergency. I don't want to get into all this
stuff at home. The first day after he gives him the number, Barry calls him to ask him what time it is
or something like that at home. See, I'm glad that you're having an opportunity to be a part of
this robbery because now you have a chance to see firsthand why I walk around going,
boom, boom, boom, like that. Why I'm such a miserable nasty son of a bitch. I was actually not a bad
guy when I first came here. Now I'm just a nasty old part. Like Randy Moher said to me as he was
sitting out there in the lobby last night doing his make-believe show. He says, boy, I've been listening.
You've been pretty crabby this week and I said, yeah, I can't imagine why, Randy. How'd you like to go
and try to put a show on here with equipment that doesn't work? And he looked at me like, yeah,
you may be out of point. And I said, by the way, poke jigs and ribs and wake him up for you.
Just wake him up a little bit.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Hello, hey, your phone sucks. Get a new phone,
man, bye. Okay, thanks. There's a bulletin from one of our Julios. He said our phone sucks
get a new phone and he happens to be right. Even a Julios out there. Even a Julios that are
capping avocado juice, even they know that this phone system blows. It blows big time.
It blows chunks is what it does. Here, let's punch up another line.
Yeah, it's blowing chunks all over the guy at the end board here.
Because this place doesn't care enough to send it very best because it's a cheap ass outfit.
I don't care what anybody says. Yeah, it's a cheap ass outfit that's trying to make gold out of
chicken droppings. That's what they're trying to do. They're trying to make masa out of sawdust.
Can you do it? No, by the way, George is crazy very, very much to Jewish accountant came by last night
talking again, David. Give me my Jewish calendar for the whatever the hell you're it is.
What are yours? What does it say on there? He's on a fun page.
Yeah, 5767. Yeah, it also brings me some sugar free halibut.
Which combined, I do want to tell you this. I want to report this. It was delicious, even better than
the regular stuff. But speaking of regular, the good thing I went home after the second period
because I'm going to tell you even Beethoven never saw movements like this.
Thank you very much, David. Oh yeah. Oh.
God. And of course, I couldn't tell whether there was sorbitol in there or not because I go to
read the ingredients, it's all in Hebrew. The first word was, and the second word was,
and the last word was, yeah, something like Dreck. Oh, Berry Dreck, that's what it was.
Berry Dreck, Jackass. That is middle name, Berry Dreck Jackass. Yeah.
You're just, I'm telling you, seriously, I was squeezing myself listening to the first
team this morning. Never in my life have I had such sexual excitement listening to the radio.
As hearing them just slice in carpe and then watching a little dog running back and forth
because Berry was on the phone over and over again, going, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good,
26 past 10 and 560 WQN. This station stands for nothing.
Who can take the carcass? Make sure it is dead.
Put it in the oven after it is stuffed with bread, the turkey man.
Yeah, the turkey man can.
The turkey man can, cosy, covers it with spice and makes the bird taste good.
Yeah.
Who can take some white pitch?
Cut it with a knife.
Cover it with gravy so it doesn't seem to dry the turkey man.
Oh, the turkey man can.
Yeah, the turkey man can, cosy, knows a thing or two about a butter ball.
Oh, the turkey man makes all the birds he makes, what bench you see and delicious.
Talk about Thanksgiving wishes. You can even eat the chipwebs.
Yum yum yum who can take the drumstick?
Cook it golden brown.
When you take a bite you want to eat 11 pounds, just the turkey man can.
Cunse cooks it up with love and makes the bird taste good.
A turkey man, a turkey man, a turkey man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man.
What are you doing there?
Just coming back from home.
Shooting at the adventure mall.
What are you being told right now is your boss telling you you will not be going to work today.
I mean, what is the situation?
What are they telling us?
I have no idea. Nothing yet.
They told us that they don't know yet.
They were just the day inside.
That's it.
Can you describe what you're doing?
This is channel four shooting at the foot-eins of the adventure mall.
Yeah, see how it's all locked in.
What was it like inside the store when these shots were reported?
Nothing. We just had a lot of phone calls with people calling.
Just worried. Make sure everybody was okay.
And everybody's inside the store and we're all safe and fine.
Did you know that they were gunshots at first?
Did you anticipate it was something else?
No, we didn't hear nothing.
We were locked in.
You're locked in the bird-eye story?
Yeah, because we hadn't even opened the story yet.
Now, are you inside the store right now?
Okay, so the employees are being kept inside?
Yes.
Are the police looking for this suspect right now?
Can you see anything?
I can't see nothing.
Okay, everybody is calm at this point.
Inside the bird-eye store?
Yeah, the store usually acts this morning with a lot of employees around.
Yeah.
I mean, how many people would you say?
I mean, lots of the stores, just the gradinies.
Give us a number.
I mean, it's a lot.
I would like to see people talking about the press.
Come in, if you want to talk about what happened there.
I mean, is it still pretty packed in there with all different shots?
Yeah, they're packing it in there.
That's not how.
Pack in the key room.
Okay, just give us information.
They just come on with what's happening.
I think our children out of it, I'm sure they feel a lot better leaving that scene.
Let me ask you, the ambulance employee on the phone there.
We've told that the store is an open until 10,
but does the Starbucks coffee shop open earlier?
I have no idea.
Okay, because that's where the shots were fired.
I'm mad at him.
The coffee that they must have started.
The coffee?
No, the coffee that they put in for.
The coffee was pretty close about it.
They put it in the beasons.
I think we're joining us.
Come on, Elliot.
Get down to the nitty-gritty.
Okay, I don't have some people leaving the mall.
We saw Leon with her child.
Yeah, there's several children there.
You can see the women holding some incense.
They're being led away by it appears to be a security,
which is obviously a good idea.
You do.
I think we're not that bad.
No, I have better idea.
I look like in.
They're looming overhead.
You look like a police officer
who is going into that unmarked unit.
In that look, what you're calling.
In that look, what you're calling.
We're going to lighten up that.
Who they are.
That's a close-up.
Those pictures may have been left.
That looks like a blower.
They're just simply leaving cheese the mall.
Christ, this is journalism or what?
No, no.
That use here.
Just tell us what happened again.
It just never was a recraft.
Well, yeah.
That's an employee going to work in the morning.
And then all of a sudden, you're in work mode.
Then you can't go to work.
You can't see anything.
You don't know what's going on.
All you know is that there's a gunman out there.
You don't know what's going to happen today.
I mean, obviously, the person on the phone
must be really concerned for their safety.
I think we're going to have to move on like this channel.
Just joining us shortly with 4 o'clock this morning,
there was a shooting at the Starbucks cafe in Aventora Mall.
We were told that two people are dead.
We don't know, excuse me, we want to go right now to Beno Schmitt.
This is a live on the phone.
I want to see you very late.
It's when we get a good morning, Beno.
Well, good morning.
Just about five minutes ago, Sheriff's Deputy
confirmed that there are two dead bodies on the second floor here
in the new part of this mall.
Oh, my God.
The police are dealing with this scene.
They have been moving us back steadily from that entrance.
You see there in the last hour, hour.
But according to a Sheriff's Deputy,
there are two victims on the second floor.
I'm joined now by an employee of the mall, sir.
If you can just tell us what you heard,
describe the scene as best you can for us.
I just heard, like I said earlier,
we were in the store getting ready to open up.
And we just heard six gunshot ones,
made my co-worker.
And it was very loud gunshot noise.
And we heard a scream.
That was pretty much it.
Describe for me if you want the scene for you
and some of your co-workers.
For example, what's the mall open?
Were you preparing to open?
I'm just getting ready to open the store.
And basically we were just really at that point.
It's very nervous and very,
just prepared for ourselves,
we're far safe here.
And again, if you can describe for me again,
the scene, how many people were in the mall,
how many people were around you?
Actually, it was just me, my co-worker.
There weren't that many people.
All, you know, just a few other people
maybe coming in getting ready for work.
It's just normal day for the most part.
It's supposed to be normal day.
And tell me what happened.
After we're done shooting,
you said you and others went down.
What happened next with police?
Actually, nothing else happened.
I was pretty quiet.
And they asked us to all keep actually
the building to leave the area.
We were all out by that point anyway,
but they all just wanted us to get as far away
from the building as-
Okay, so that's channel six.
We heard from channel four,
which was doing a much worse job, by the way.
And that's going to our channel six.
We better do a good job where we're
going to drill on here.
And spiderwey did this one to very jackass.
Two people shot their dead loud shots,
starbucks in the amateur mall.
So all I can say is,
you're going to have your best shot.
Join the Anoray to start guns today.
Have yourself come down on Christmas and fun.
Oh, yeah.
Blow your friends away.
We'll back you all away.
Then you are right, you won't have gone.
You think of all the benefits you're getting.
Life will be sweeter when you pass your heater.
You'll carry a light,
then to be deadly.
We're enjoying today.
You see America's winning.
It's November of the Anoray.
Aint more than we need.
Aint more than chess.
It's all the same for the head.
It's a laughin' at us.
As you share it.
Charging your skills.
You'll more touch the energy that you spend.
You're right to hold us.
Come on and die today.
And you'll be proud to say you're on November of the Anoray.
All right, here we go.
Right up the street there.
The Aventora Mall Starbucks.
Two people shot dead.
Gunfire.
It's the American-Effin-Way, baby.
All you gun huggers out there.
This is a country like I've been telling you for years.
And getting a lot of crap for Santa,
but it happens to be true.
This is a barbaric, freaking place.
We're crazy people run around with guns
blowing each other away.
In church, in school, at the shopping mall.
Uh, wherever.
No place is safe in America.
Because the gun huggers, the guns,
squeezers, the gun lovers,
have keep our keepin' us like the wild, wild west.
It's a never-ending,
shh, shh, shh.
Without.
As opposed to like civilized countries,
we're gonna even think a second time
that this could happen,
because it doesn't happen.
Oh my god, there can't be such a place.
Can there?
Oh yeah.
A lot of them.
Maybe we'll hear from that lady who called me last week who said,
well, I don't have time to care about these things.
I just don't have time to care.
Well, guess what?
Here's two people that,
yeah, they don't have time to care anymore either.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
You don't think it was that coffee
that got somebody pissed off to you?
Starbox?
Or maybe it was that ice cream.
Have that starbox ice cream?
Oh god.
Wow.
No, seriously.
I mean, it don't taste bad,
but it'll make you shh.
Like crazy.
Anyway, 21 before 11 at 5,
50 WQM,
we got another late breaking story right here.
We're on top of it like a blanket, baby.
We got channel four.
We got channel six.
We got channel seven.
We got channel 21.
Channel 125.
Channel 51.
Channel no spitting, lays 20 trace.
No portion of this broad guess may be reproduced
without the express written permission.
No.
WQA,
QE,
EW,
acquisition,
core.
That's the American f**king way.
The following is a paid public service announcement
from the International Racial Association.
Let's face.
Most of us will never be rich.
Health, we probably won't even be successful.
And that's pretty damn depressing.
But as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi.
I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns.
They scare the s**t out of people.
Intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right, handguns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Probably bank.
Don't have enough money for beer.
Call up a convenience store.
Take chips and pretzels, wire ass.
It's all free if you've got a handguns.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
The simple solution of life's complex props.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it
and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Find the damn thing off the street.
Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out.
If you consider the population control.
Yes, handguns.
They just might make your thing.
So I'm going to sit again.
Who would be, I mean, the suspect is on a loose.
He's armed and dangerous.
Just keep that in mind.
So just crawl under your car until we tell you it's safe to come out.
Who do you think it might be?
Oh, man.
I mean, who's the first person that comes to mind?
Oh, man.
It takes place at a Starbucks on the second level of Aventura Mall.
We are told it is the southeast section of that mall.
And at this point, you're looking at a helicopter,
police helicopters.
They are searching for the suspect on the air.
It's at the end on the ground because at this point,
it's difficult for them to know.
It's a suspect.
It's still in the fall.
There's the green stuff that's the green.
There's a more area to cover.
Or the suspecting has actually made it away from the mall.
But they're not taking any chances considering that so many employees
and customers are in that area.
I want to make sure that they search every...
They got to keep in mind.
This is right up the street here now.
Aventura Mall.
It's just a few blocks up the street.
Obviously, they don't want to complicate the situation by allowing more people
to get into that area so they have access.
They have access.
Blocked off the entrances to the mall and to the parking garage.
That's just going, keeping people out
so that they can continue with their investigation
without adding more confusion to the scene by actually having customers go inside.
Because, obviously, if the shooter is still inside the mall,
it's very dangerous situation.
They are searching from the air and from the ground at this point.
Something else that might be interesting to mention too is that the mall is
filled with surveillance cameras.
So it's a good bet that perhaps this suspect,
who they described with a gray hair...
They can't even have your eyes on that bet tonight.
They call it on with surveillance cameras
perhaps even catching the crime on surveillance tape.
And obviously, that will be something that the police will be looking into later on
as they continue their investigation.
But a very tense situation at this point,
when they really don't even know where this suspect is,
and as time goes on,
they just get further and further away,
perhaps, from actually finding this person.
Yeah, right now, we mentioned a short while ago,
what Patrick, from the Miami-Dade Police Department,
explained to us is that they have 20 to 25 police officers on the scene.
Many of them, not only assisting in the search,
but speaking with witnesses as well,
interviewing anyone that they have seen,
what took place, they try to figure out exactly what happened and why.
They started to get a better description of the suspect.
They have very little to go on at this point.
What we've been told is they believe it's a white male,
possibly Latin, gray hair, and green shirts.
Oh, my God, I don't know if it's a beautiful mall.
Which is an extremely large mall, but it's a parking garage.
Let's listen in now to police officers.
Our officers responded, arrived,
and there were, in fact, two people shot on the second floor of the Piazza,
which is a place where you're on the morning day.
Right now, we do have two confirm that are dead.
And by the way, Sean green, $14 million, nice Jewish floor, but...
We're in 30 and 40, the other in its 50s.
We have two scenarios that we're looking at right now.
The first scenario is that someone came in and shot and killed him,
and fled.
We have received information on the second scenario,
which it may be a homicide suicide.
Again, I don't have all the particulars at this time.
I need for more time to go back inside.
I just arrived, and we've talked to my investigators,
find out if they've interviewed any other witnesses.
Get the wash off, by the way.
The mall has been closed.
Right now, we are in the process of removing anybody that may have been in a mall.
Prior to the shooting.
Get them out.
It's a very large mall.
It takes a while to do it.
It's not something you can do in private.
Put them recorded in the arm, don't I?
Don't panic.
The ship is just on fire and just put that out there.
Get out of here.
Calm down.
The hysterical reporters is like,
Bapapapapa.
You know this, you know, he just got to tell you what he knows.
Bapapapa, there's a stick in the mics and his phone.
And it's over to bomb him very strong.
Okay, because you've got to put up with all these crazy reporters.
Especially to one of the channels.
The seven, which we were just listening to right there.
Thank you, Jeff Cohen.
By the way, thank god we got Jeff Cohen to put this TV in here.
What we first came here two years ago.
Because otherwise we'd be sitting here with our finger up our butt.
Yeah.
I haven't any idea what's going on.
But because we got a contact to the outside world here now,
we're on top of it, baby.
Here on QEM, your new station between 10 and two.
That's right.
You think that if this was going on during the sports shows
that they would be talking about this,
you'd bet your suite as they wouldn't.
Hey, what about Danny and the Damien Danny, huh?
You know, Danny, he ain't so good in all mall.
And that Damien, he's pretty cute.
You know, he's, yeah.
Looks like the bottom of my shoe.
I mean, this is heavy-duty stuff.
We got two dead people there.
And he haven't sure them all right up the street.
More shooting.
We're done nuts.
All you gun huggers out there.
Where are you?
All you gun squeezers.
Guns don't kill people.
Bullets do or have it at thing goes, yeah.
Oh, that's right.
Guns don't kill people.
It's the bullets that go into them.
Those are the things that can get better in crap.
That's right.
Bullets.
Let's not outlaw guns.
Let's just outlaw bullets.
What do you say?
Let's pick a pull on this.
Let's outlaw bullets.
They can have all the guns they want.
Okay, they can squeeze them.
They can find them.
They can stick in between their legs.
They can rub it a lot.
Yeah.
But then if we only got no bullets for them,
then we'd be safe.
Like in a civilized place.
What do you say?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Outlawing bullets.
Yay or nay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Wow.
And you wonder why I tell you every day this is a slaughterhouse.
So you can get angry at me all you want.
You can give me a bunch of crap.
Oh, he's such a nasty.
He's such a hard ass.
I'm just telling you the way it is.
I'd like for it to be like a peaceful tranquil place
with a lot of nice white people.
I mean, people.
Safe people.
I guess that's what we're done.
Isn't it safe?
But this was a white guy.
And he was not white.
He was Hispanic.
Maybe.
Is what they said.
Which makes me think.
And even some of them are like a little on a barbaric side.
You know what I'm saying?
I'll release the progressing from La Bomba.
To both voletos.
What is a belay to?
Is it like a ticket window in the Italian?
That's what that is.
Maybe that's what that is.
There we're looking at the inside of the amateur mall right now in Channel 7.
What do you mean the other one?
Really please.
The other one looks like a scene from
police are telling us at this point that they leave their
confinaries that will have to.
The shooter actually came into the Starbucks.
By the way, is there such a place that's saying crystal ball?
Or they just make that up?
Is there such a place?
Maybe some of the audience can tell us a guiding light person.
Is there such a place that's saying crystal ball?
No.
I don't think so.
I guess there is, but maybe it's run by some dick.
5, 6, 7, 8, I put this on and now everybody
be head on hold.
All the lines are pretty much open now because they all ran to their TV set.
And they want to make sure that they ran over in the state.
You know, they're probably all the rubber knickers now.
They're going to drive over to amateur mall and they're going to try to get
as close as they can.
They're going to take their binoculars.
They're going to take their shotguns in KC7.
Looks suspicious.
Yeah, if you see anybody in Hispanic that looks suspicious over by amateur,
I would suggest you just let the cops do their job.
Okay, don't go over there and start with your people and adjust this.
Oh, how come you shot that poor Hispanic?
I mean, well, he looked suspicious to me.
They just, you know, yeah, he was just delivering pizza.
Well, he looked suspicious anyway.
He had that coat and that thing, you know, he was carrying that red sack.
I was sure there was like shotguns in there.
Hang grenades.
Looks like he worked for American Airlines.
Here's a facts by the way that says,
do you need a lot of ever seen Barry Jackson and the ferret for the Budweiser commercial
in the same room?
No.
Excellent point.
That's the one, by the way.
Very good.
Larry from Hollywood.
Excellent.
I know each bottom.
It says, in fact, they play if they play the ferrets voice,
if you have any of the spots on tape, which we do,
you'll hear that it sounds exactly like Barry Jackass.
Very perspicacious of you, Larry.
Larry from Hollywood is on top of it.
Baby, he knows what it's all about.
Barry Jackass is the ferret.
He's the gerbil in somebody's...
Correct him.
That's what he is.
He's a real pain in the ass.
Yeah, Wayne Hypinga said he's the best suckle in town.
John Henry said it.
Pat Riley said it.
Jimmy Johnson said it.
Jimmy, we could be special.
Johnson, we got a shot.
Said it.
He's the most professional.
The best suckle in town.
That's what they all said.
Barry Jackass.
You see, just because we had a double shooting over there and having two are Barry,
that isn't going to let your ugly fat little pimpley ass off the hook here today.
I'm not going to forget about you ever.
Or the newspaper that you work for all these years,
the herald has been doing their best to do whatever they can to stick it to neo-ronges.
When I was on KAT because I had the audacity to attack the herald,
you just go coming to this town and pick on the herald.
Well, tough crap.
I hate the herald.
When I was at INZ,
it caused thousands of people to cancel their subscriptions to the Miami herald.
Then they really got bent out of shape.
And you know something?
In spite of that, I'm doing pretty good.
Last time I checked,
when I looked at that paycheck yesterday,
before I stuck it in the bank,
it looked pretty good to me.
Yeah.
A big fat one and a check too.
How do you like that?
Are you gliaum over there at the herald?
Oh, yeah.
The professional glia's your place.
I think Barry Jackass is,
I don't want to say it.
I know.
Okay.
I don't want to say it.
I don't want to say that because Robert will get upset.
Hey, listen, everybody, we also, we had Myrland's key too.
You know, nothing's perfect.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
We'll keep you up to date with this
because it's almost as exciting as the OJ Chase.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, let me put the phone out the window.
You can hear a...
Yeah, I can hear the people screaming.
Yeah.
Take the way out there in the phone too.
Yeah, another scenario they had.
They said, could have been a gentleman from Helddale.
He might be at the rest of the house.
He got his bill, starbucks, and he scratched his page.
Oh, yeah.
I could have had to put him over the egg.
What is that?
A couple of coffee to get over there.
That's right.
It's a little heavy duty if you pardon that expression.
Those old cockers from Helddale.
I don't mean to be insensitive,
but I got to change the subject for a minute.
Please, go ahead.
I don't have anything you want, pal.
It's America.
There's no time to care, you know?
I gotta know because I'm going over to Amsterdam.
Yes.
Well, you were there, though.
At Deccan August.
Yeah.
Late August?
Wow.
The early September late August.
Yeah.
I believe the Hurtscoons were playing
on that pig-spin classic, whatever.
Did you happen to find a sports bar over there
when you were there watching that game?
Sports bar?
You went to watch that game over there, didn't you?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I watched all the football games all over here.
I figured I'd do sports book.
I was plunging my brains out on them.
Okay.
So there are sports bars over there?
No.
I figured it's okay.
No.
You know, that's all good.
They got a great hooligans over there.
They got a great hooligans and they got a tremendous,
what about the top list of what they call it?
Hooters.
Hooters.
Oh, please.
Well, sorry.
I need to remember that.
I'm not too much into hooters.
Oh, oh, wait.
We'll find one like me.
Wait, breaking bull.
Today, you have some fine hooters over there.
You'll see them in the window.
Yes.
Metro spade is on.
That means they'll find them now.
Metro spade is on it.
Yeah, they're on it.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
I feel like.
If we can just put sand spade on it with Metro spade,
we'll have it made in the shade.
I mean, we don't want to make light of this.
It's a tragedy.
We know who these two people are.
They're dead.
But, you know, like the lady says,
I don't have time to care.
I don't have time to care.
I don't care.
Which I'd play that song,
except it's still so effinent,
by the way, Jocostello, wherever you are.
Not a very good job putting that leap in there, Jocostello.
I mean, we still love you.
I wonder how they did made out with all those
free meals yesterday at Outback.
Huh?
They're probably still online.
I was online when they announced it.
I'm going to get my lunch guide,
damn it.
I want my free meat now.
Even if it's cold and stale from yesterday,
I'll take it home and heat up my meat.
Yeah, you should live so long.
Your meat's been cold for 30 years, pal.
1056 at 560 WQA.
And this is 560 QAM.
Only one South Florida radio show has to have her.
And you're listening to it.
Go for it.
Weekday afternoon to two sports radio 560 QAM.
All right.
Here's a friend who came on the kids.
I learned to play now.
In every big city I've got to you.
Let's have a day now.
Skulls, keep yourself in hard.
Wearing blow the other fellow away now.
They've all got done.
I've learned to face to face.
I've learned to face to face.
I've got a music he's brought in to show in town.
All right.
So yeah, you're feeling brought in.
Well, you're in a pretty special dispel now.
With your hair and future, you're in a little happy form.
The cell now, happy form.
There's got guns, guns, guns.
Up there on the street, it's a daily life.
Yeah, got guns, guns, guns, guns.
There's got to be a street.
Now I'm going for some zeroes.
You can make like a green parade.
Yeah, see the parade.
See the first dude on your block.
Just a cop, just a carry away now.
So what a Johnny can't treat.
He can still join the car.
All right now.
He's got to be on the kids.
Got guns, guns, guns.
They can all go each other.
The way he can touch me.
Yeah, that's a guy.
Got guns, guns, guns.
Up there on the streets, it's a day.
He's done.
Got to be on the streets.
What a great way to celebrate veterans day.
He's shooting zero in air.
He, American, effing way with now a disrespect to our veterans who put their lives on the line.
And some of whom many of whom never.
Came back.
But it's a sickness baby.
It's an American sickness.
Not unique to America, but it's an epidemic in America.
People are blowing each other away like crazy and the gunhugger is the gun squeezers out there.
And they're pawns in the Congress.
They ought to be ashamed of themselves.
And of course, every time something like this happens, they say,
Oh, here you guys go again.
Well, of course, it's happening like every five minutes.
That's the problem, which is why we never stop talking about it.
All we really don't have time to care.
We want you to understand that.
So don't get too concerned because we don't have time to care.
So keep your guns, rub them, polish them, keep them clean and spanky and shining.
Just we're not going to give you no more bullets.
That's right.
When bullets are outlawed, only outlaws will have bullets.
Isn't that what the thing says?
Something like like that.
Here's a call in four Myers where they don't believe in guns.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's going on?
How you doing, sir?
All right.
Let me ask you a question.
Thank God you're running a bunch of violent barbaric people over there.
Thank God for four Myers.
Well, I used to live over there and you never heard of it.
Listen, you answer your question.
First of all, Sanctuary Stable is a town in the Dominican Republic.
Oh my god.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
He served because I know that.
I know that because my dad is from there.
Yeah.
Okay.
So that's where we'll find Riva is down here and God in the Dominican Republic
with the Dominicans.
I don't know.
I haven't been there since I was eight now.
I would stay the hell away from there.
There are a bunch of crazy people doing soap operas down there.
Oh, I love Sanctuary Stable.
But nevertheless, okay, second point.
What is going on with this?
I mean, was the Starbucks coffee that mad?
Yeah.
Was this me the stock?
I don't think it was the coffee.
I think the price got him out.
The stock?
And now, by the way, they're saying it.
It was either a double murder or it was a murder suicide
because they didn't find a weapon there.
But I guess they forgotten Godfather.
Remember the first thing that Clemens had kept telling Michael to do?
Oh.
After he did the shooting, he showed drop the gun.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Drop the gun, which he did.
He just threw, remember, he threw the gun away and he like rushed out of there
and a tablecloth looked a little bit bad, but they cleaned him up.
Now, have they made any mention of Jimmy Johnson there?
Not yet.
Oh.
We got a shot.
And he still doesn't have a hair out of joint.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
He got hit with five shots and he still got his hair all in place.
That's terrible.
That's how we respect him.
It is horrible.
But you know, sometimes these people don't care.
They're in a unit too.
And it's only two.
Just keep that in mind.
It's only two.
Unbelievable.
Let me know his rich fanship going here.
He's hopping up and down.
He's not saying anything.
He's just type of ventilated.
He's hopping up and down like a fruit fly.
I think he's singing La Cooca-Rachio.
OK, pal.
All right.
I think I see it.
He's doing La Cooca-Rachio going.
I was open.
So I got the last shot this morning as well as walkers who go
to the land and do some exercise before the walk.
No doubt.
It's a worse situation than it already is.
How horrific it already is considering the amount of people
that were probably inside the mall at the time.
But that obviously led to making the situation.
It's one thing when you see it's happening in Atlanta.
It happened in Seattle.
It happened.
And by the way, they put that kid Kinkle and jail for 700 years,
which ain't going to bring any of those people back, by the way,
including his parents.
It happens in Denver.
And people are saying, well, we don't have time to care about that.
Here it is.
It's the Avenger of Mall boys and girls.
By the way, we'll be at the specs of the hot wall.
Isn't it the Avenger of Mall will be at the specs down here in
Coral Gables 1570 South Texas.
Yeah, right by you.
And the Saturday noon to two with our best stuff stuff,
including those key chains and CDs and cassettes and T shirts and
a Pomegranate and the pear tree.
All I could stuff.
So we hope you all come down.
But anyway, this is an Avenger of Mall at the Starbucks.
People are better than crap.
I just I would like that woman to call in right now and tell me that
she doesn't have time to care.
We will trace the call.
We will come to your house and beat you to within the interview
life and make you care.
How's that?
We will make sure that you care, lady.
Oh God, what a subhuman bitch.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Hey, yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
First time call here.
All right.
Just call.
You're going to shoot me now.
No, no, no, no, no.
The little bonus.
Just call it about the bullet scene.
It's a bullet area.
You know, if we get rid of the bolsters,
we keep the bolt.
I think what we need to do is to get all the cops that get all
these guns and from all these criminals and stuff like that
and start going door to door and handing the guns and the bullets
to these people that want to protect their families and protect
themselves.
Yeah, that would have worked on your job.
I guess when you go in the mall and you pack a piece is that it?
All right.
Sir, did you hear what I just said?
No.
I said, in other words, when you go to Starbucks for a cup of coffee
you pack a piece with you and put a holster on your hip.
There you go.
OK, thanks.
OK, there's a solution.
John Wayne is still alive.
I like that.
He smoked too many packets that Mary and whatever his name was.
But he's still alive.
He fought the big C and he won.
He was, they thought he was dead and he made it come back.
He's got his holster on.
He's got his shoe a six-year-old.
He cannot throw the vest in, baby.
The Duke.
The Duke is still alive.
That's right.
Let's round up all these guns in hand about.
I like to little kids in school, everybody.
Here you go.
Here's a gun.
Here's a couple more for you.
OK.
By the way, there is some good news in the middle of all this tragic
crap.
Diasties ready to fingerprint priests.
There's no fact in the church.
Let's hear it.
That's right.
I mean, can you think of any of the like broadcasts?
There's a lot of be honest with it.
If you're going to work in this radio station,
you probably should be fingerprinted.
Oh, I can think a lot of people in here should have been
fingerprinted before they were allowed in the building,
but nevertheless Miami, the archdiocese of Miami will begin
fingerprinting members of the clergy, religious, and lay
pardon that expression, lay workers and volunteers today.
Following the lead of other Florida diocese,
responding to allegations of sexual misconduct by priests.
Disgusting fact.
Oh, my God.
I thought those were just isolated incidents.
You know what I mean?
Huh?
Father O'Toole.
God.
No, that's more like it.
Archbishop John C. Favallora and his viciously fingerprinted
today to show support for a new, I wonder about all that money
that was fingered by the way from the Vatican bank.
I guess better late than ever, right?
Long ago.
Yeah, right.
Long ago.
No, that's more like it.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than ever.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than ever.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than ever.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than ever.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than ever.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than ever.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than ever.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than ever.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than ever.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than ever.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than ever.
We should have kept confidential by the arts diocese.
It will be kept confidential.
In other words, they'll sweep it out of the carpet.
Mary Ross Agosta spokesman for the arts diocese.
He said to approve the plan in September.
She said the fingerprinting is already taking place
at Catholic schools and charities.
Yeah, we speak into charities.
We should have had them finger printing done at that golf term.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I wonder who's fingerprints who suspicious fingerprints
we would have found out somebody had cash
at the golf tournament.
Oh, man.
You know what I'm saying?
In South Florida, the most recent case of a led sexual impropriety was that of the Reverend
Joseph Seneisi.
Remember that one, of course, that's here recently, who in September resigned as pastor of
a Fort Lauderdale area parish after he was accused of stalking and exposing himself to
a man in 1998.
There's no fact in the church.
Seneisi was denied the allegation to a person as he resigned to defend himself in the courts.
He said he's got a good head on his shoulders.
It's something like that.
As part of the Evelcozano, I'll get to the rest of it.
It's a great story there.
They're getting in their finger printing.
It's about time they're finally catching on.
Okay, this is where you'll find the criminals.
This is where you'll find the child molestous.
This is where you'll find the dangerous people in the Catlick Church.
There you go.
Ooooo!
I wonder what Pilar would think of this.
Ten minutes after 11 at 5.
60 W.A.M.
Wake up with the first key.
No.
Go roll.
Jeff DeFarris and C. Goatty.
Weat the mornings and six.
All right.
On the fourth radio, 5.60, Q.A.M.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I don't have to grow up.
I'm a Dunster of kids.
I can always feel my help for something that I do.
There.
It's gonna be cool when I kill everyone at school.
So if my dad says it's okay.
I'll exercise my rights.
That's why we M.R.A.
That lets me be a Dunster of kids.
In the Guns of Uski, I told him how to shoot.
What he really loves the sound of was no way that John the cute.
I'm a homo-saddle, not sea red-neck with the sight on the internet.
I'm a lifetime number of the N.R.A.
That's why I raise the Guns of Uski's dear son.
Oh boy, I click it for my gun.
I'll play that moral Guns of Uski.
Of course, you know North of the border that the Aquedom has a different meaning.
They say, hey, you listen to that N.R.A.
Meaning me, of course.
Damn, God!
I'm just personally in Toronto.
Listen to that N.R.A.
5.670560.
That's the situation as you see it.
So it's just an idea of why the ball.
This point is shut down.
Yeah, probably not a good idea to be able to get a ball in your bowl.
And right now, grandma, the ball.
It's okay.
It's not a good idea to stay away from having a criminal.
It's okay.
Listen to me.
It is closed.
Yeah.
Close.
Don't go to adventurer.
They found a gun at the site.
But of course, like I said, it could be that maybe he had several weapons.
And he went out to shoot some other people.
Or maybe it was one of those two guys.
Maybe it was a murder suicide.
Or maybe it was Josh Friedman done it.
Or maybe somebody smelt from Josh Friedman.
And they got so hysterical and upset.
He started shooting at random.
Because they smelt from his belt.
And believe me, they didn't kill.
5, 6, 7, open.
By the way, terrible game last night.
I want to refund.
I looked at the price on my tickets and the station buys these.
Thank God.
60 bucks to see that.
We left after the second period, which to be honest with, we already had plans to leave after the second period.
But I mean, that was definitely refund city last night.
That was pathetic.
Anybody who would make a case for that thing.
And by the way, instead of blaming the fans of this time, Wayne,
we had a good turn off their last night for an expansion little girls team.
I would, that was no seriously.
That was better than our average turn out.
Just by my visual, the upper bowl was more full and usual.
I'd say we had about 13, 14,000 in their last night, regardless of what the paper says.
Probably was at the 50 cents special from the worst thing that put us in love over the top.
But seriously, the fan showed up to see a girls game.
60 bucks a seat.
Plus about 20 bucks for a hot dog in a soda.
Thank God we left after the second period.
So I can go home and see a real game.
Stopping back in a thing with real estate.
With three and a half to go in the third period.
The auger slows the paint.
It's on the slager, cut around two red shirts.
Here he comes.
Look at eighty cents.
Left.
Yay!
So far!
Here he slagged her inside of for the fake one.
How scrap-fied back with a hacksaw.
So close.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
The gate's on key talk.
Bobby Brown.
They can have fucking stuffy to down them pipes.
I had to get a new stick and the auger finally comes on with 55 seconds to go here.
We hit the ice.
Just free. Here's the man going to the top of the front.
Jogger scores a pig with athlete.
Five to four.
It's jumped off a packet.
The pig with athlete.
For the first time in this game.
And Jeff Hackett doesn't know whether to cry or win is what.
How do I like?
Well that was something.
Contra also had a Pittsburgh 41 with seven and a half minutes to go.
And a penguin score four goals.
I realized that it's nothing to do with people getting shot.
But I just have to mention that after seeing that horrible horse crap performance of ours last night.
That we should add refunds.
That was weak. That was.
You know, Robert just handed me something here from the business section of the hero that may give a little clue.
You know something I'm better than child.
I come.
A little inside as to why we had the civil disturbance at the adventure of all the day.
Singer's wife to open store.
Oh.
Singer John Zakada's wife.
He's got a wife.
What's his name?
Mara Teer.
What does that stand for?
A man.
Expect to open a franchise store.
Jocati Pari today at the adventure.
I'm all in the adventure.
Oh.
Uh oh.
The French children's clothing store is more than 350 stores worldwide.
And one other store in South Florida in South Miami.
Pari Wu, it's closed.
How do you like that?
John Zakada.
This story is shocking to me for many reasons.
The other wife, you know.
That's why it's shocking because believe you me, you think I've re-soap floats.
But anyway.
I knew that.
You think they, okay.
I know.
I say that about everybody.
You're right.
The other wife, you know.
Oh, yeah. That convinces me.
Just like that.
Holy way glaci is junior that was floating around the hallways near Carlos was chasing Mara
out of the hall out here the other day.
Power 96.
How do you like that?
And according to the thing that happened out there in Xerox and Hawaiian and seven people got killed out there.
And we don't have time to care about those things.
We're too busy.
Uh, what and doing whatever we're doing.
Sitting around watching Jerry Springer.
I mean this, I mean, you know, if this is your idea of life and that, that's fine.
Not for me.
Not for this kid.
I mean, if you want to donate right now, if you want to come in with your $1,000 checks, $10,000 checks,
I can be gone by this weekend permanent.
Okay.
I'll send you a card.
Just leave me your address.
I'll send you a nice postcard.
Signed civilization somewhere in the civilized world.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I gotta say it.
I'm like, yeah, it's fucking last night.
That was terrible.
Oh, that was there.
Was there a game last night here?
I don't know.
I didn't see one.
I'm watching on sports channel.
I'm like, well, whatever.
Tell them.
Even if you watch it on TV, you should ask for a refund.
Yeah, really, right?
That's right.
Yeah, you haven't watched Tom Green maybe?
No, I haven't seen him in a long time now.
Oh, he's got a new episode tonight.
Oh, does he?
Yeah.
Let's catch it tonight.
That's my man, Tom Green.
Yeah, he's just here.
Last week, he did this skip with, uh, he was, uh, his red neck, dude, his big teeth, named
the Billet Bob.
Yeah.
And, uh, he has caramel.
I don't think he's caramel.
He goes nuts.
You know, he starts kicking his legs, you know.
Oh, no, he's like, make you go out, you know, and he's in this, uh, he's in a store, like,
where they sell mattresses and beds, you know, and he's like, Tom Green is the only guy we could be in the middle of World War 3.
They could be dropping nuclear weapons in our backyard.
And if we could just see Tom Green, we'd still be laughing.
Yeah.
Hey, we could go in the fight.
Have a great day, pal.
I think the white people are going to win the fight.
I could be wrong because we're getting our numbered.
5667 at 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line line line.
Of course, where they're kind of out of touch with us today, 877785 Niel and those civilized places like over there in Port Charlotte,
where they don't shoot each other.
They just shoot little or defenseless animals.
Well, by the way, if you see that horrible story on the news last night about those Chinese,
and what the, uh, Al sunshine of all people who like to spies, and rightfully so,
had this expose on these little toy cats and the stuff.
And the barbaric Chinese over there, the rotesque things they had these,
this videotape, which of course, have to show us right in the middle of the dinner out of the barbaric things.
They're the torture and the mutilation and killing of dogs and cats.
I mean, everybody's got to eat, but let's get serious.
How come the Chinese in this country, most of them are so civilized and so nice?
And the Chinese over there are so many of them are so barbaric.
It must be that common Easter thing.
That must be it.
God, you show me somebody who doesn't respect dogs.
And I'll show you somebody that is wasting space that needs to be separated from the rest of the world.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Don't go to adventurer. That's my best advice.
Because they'll arrest your ass and maybe they'll arrest you too.
Here's homestead. Hello.
Good morning, sir. How are you?
Okay, sir.
A couple of things.
Uh, for one, I, I have the collect guns, but I only use them to shoot my pets with.
Uh-huh.
Um, I hope you have cats. That's okay.
Yeah, that's, yeah, I do actually do.
Well, they got to agree with the Chinese on.
Um, last couple of days, I missed the first good-
I'm not good at pushing.
I missed the worst thing this morning, so.
Oh, they were great.
I don't know what very jackass did.
I'm on their side, baby.
I'm on the side forever.
They were here.
They were here.
Whatever Jackass did, I can't find it in a damn herald at all, anywhere.
Oh, no, it was yesterday on the front page.
Oh, I got that.
Well, I guess they're in the front page.
The front page story about Wayne's going to sell a catfish.
And Bill Puyris says there's nothing to it that Wayne isn't anymore like.
I mean, he's, you know, he will sell them at the right price.
It's always been that wait last two years.
But he's not on any, uh, crusade, not a sell the team.
It's all another figment of his imagination.
Just like Don Smiley was buying a Marlon,
and that was on the front page 15,000 times with very Jackass.
He's re-running old stories.
Right.
Right, and they put it on the front page of the lead story in the upper right hand side.
Yeah, I cut that.
I cut that.
But it would be really horrible.
In my section of the paper wasn't in the upper right.
It was in the lower left.
Oh, the drawer paper.
We get a whole different paper down here in the country.
I don't know whether you get it.
That's right.
And, uh, Spirryport, I heard earlier, a friend of mine called,
and said that Chuck Heston and O.J. Simpson were doing a book signing at an undisclosed location in North Miami somewhere.
He was on the first page.
Yeah, that's what I hear.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, sir.
A couple of eye-rope right citizens for us.
You know, it's when Chuck Heston was a testifying in front of Congress,
and we could do it go,
and he got up, and he stood like upright,
which is, uh, I thought he was going to kind of tilt his hand a little bit like this,
like Heinrich Himmler, you know,
but like, uh, where up in the air.
I mean, who are you, kid man, Chuck?
You know, too much of that cheap booze.
It's really affecting your brain.
What's left of it?
566-70560, and what is this?
It's because they're all watching TV news.
One of those, if it were a factual lead,
and take every possible precaution,
because if they were to operate on the assumption that this was a murder suicide,
and it was over, and there was no armed suspect in God forbid,
there was an armed suspect running around.
Well, that'd be a terrible situation.
They want to get pre-posed by everyone.
They can take care of every precaution as they've got a situation like this.
Yeah, and chances are, with Mike telling us and describing force
that the special response teams are checking in every empty space,
you're talking about bushes and under staircases.
Why? Because of the broken space.
It's quite possible at this point to believe that police think perhaps an armed suspect
is still out there because they're treating it that way.
And again, it may be that they're just not taking any chances.
Mike, describe force as far as the moral is concerned.
What is the scene right now?
We know that, and we can see through these live pictures that much of it appears
to be closed off, police officers, police cars,
they're locating the air well.
But have you witnessed any of the police or any of the customers showing up trying to get into the mall?
I have witnessed some of the customers going into the mall.
As you get on the opposite side of the mall from the client.
Get away from that mall and you crazy people.
Get away from the other mall.
The perimeter road around the mall.
God damn it.
Really looked on that side as if nothing was wrong,
but for all of the choppers flying overhead.
Yeah.
So on that side, I think there are people who are going into the mall and choppers in the middle of the mall.
No, for that there is anything wrong out here.
Going about their shopping as they would on any other day.
And as you get closer to the client scene, you definitely see a secured perimeter.
Police are very tense out here, and they're certainly treating you.
So we can start to handle that.
To the east and southeast sides of the mall.
But Mike, it's pretty much confirmed that the mall is indeed closed.
Even if anybody shows up at the area where you are and there is no police presence,
they still cannot go into the mall though, correct?
Well, again, what I saw is we drove by there about a half hour ago.
We saw, over by where the TDI Friday says,
we did see people walking into the mall more towards the north and western side of the mall.
There are people walking into the mall.
All of the police are walking into the mall.
They're on the east and southeast sides of the mall.
Hey, welcome to the amateur mall.
I'm sorry.
Didn't see him hatched a little bit more, but about a half hour ago,
when we were driving around that part of the mall, I did see people coming in.
Oh!
Pardon me while I bark, okay?
Pardon me while I upchuck several meals from the past couple of weeks.
They're letting people into the freaking mall according to Channel 7 News,
which never makes a mistake.
Wow, 1126 at 560 WQM.
You've got to stick your spoon in it loud.
Don't worry, it's not gonna break.
I had communion and my hands just started bleeding.
This man suffers from the consequences of what some might call a civil life religion.
Stigmata, the forming of bleeding holes in the palms of the hands,
resulted from sacrificial blood deserts.
Hello, I'm Kippadatta for the fight against Stigmata.
Now, a lot of you don't got a father that in case you don't want a Stigmata,
that body or blood of anybody,
or you may never play handball again.
Stigmata, it's sticky food.
Yeah, it is, and you know when they start fingerprinting those priests today,
I would be surprised that blood starts burning out of their palms.
Won't that be something else?
Oh, man.
56670560, Palm 560 on the 18T line.
We're monitoring the situation.
We're on top of it, baby.
Just to stay cool, stay calm.
And stay the hell away from adventure and mall.
They've witnessed people going in.
Are these cops crazy? Are you people crazy?
Those doors should be shut,
and they should have security guards at every exit,
and only open them to let people out, only outgoing, please.
After their first in the body and the stripped in the body search,
all the cavities.
Back home.
Exactly.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm getting the ice, so I'm going to have to go quick.
But before I go, I want to hear about your opinion on Abe Hirschfeld,
running for the Senate in New York.
Abe Hirschfeld is running for his life.
I want to do it under under under under under.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
That's my opinion, sir.
Next question.
56670560, Palm, he did spin in a hero report.
So like I said, if I were in New York, he's got my vote.
We're going, Abe, baby. Good Jewish boy.
Little crazy, but nevertheless.
Loan me $50 million Abe.
56670, look at this.
They had a shooting two murders at Evans Square.
And I got open lines on here because they're all watching TV.
This is the result of a murder suicide.
Is that they found a weapon on the scene.
But still, there are many other scenarios that they could also fall into finding the weapon.
That could be the weapon that gunmen used.
Perhaps one of the victims pulls out a weapon to try to defend himself or what.
Yeah, it was just when I was laying around from the other day.
That could be a two-sweet art.
Here's Coral Gable. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm sorry I didn't call you last week about your birthday.
I had to work. I heard you're on the way to work.
Well, thanks very much.
I got to, you do not look 57.
No, I look about 58.
No, I thought you looked around for 50.
Yeah, 50. Is she? I'm not too bad.
Yeah, I do a surprise.
They're considering I'm working here.
Yeah, I know. Anne, I had two things.
I need to shame about what happened up in Aventura.
It's a shame.
I mean, I'm the one who called you. I was up in the net.
I'm the one who turned the net.
I was based on the Air Force.
Yeah.
They don't do stuff like this over there.
Oh, yeah, right.
I mean, it's a very free-loving country over there.
I mean, they don't know racism, no Kate.
No.
It's a very nice country over there.
How come people are smoking so much weed and hash over
and doing so much hash?
How come they're not to shoot each other?
If drugs are as evil as they tell a story,
yeah, no, no.
It's in this brain-washed ration of stupidity.
It's so legal over there, people don't care.
Yeah, that's right.
I mean, it's people are nice.
They're not full of hostility and hate,
and they're not all, you know, psychotic.
I don't even know Channel 6, the thing that might be a racism shooting.
A racist?
Was it one of the victims black?
Maybe they've known it.
They're both white.
If there is a victim, there is a shooter.
What we better call Jesse Jackson then?
It might be a black guy.
Yeah.
That's not sure.
Because there was a black guy with black.
There was a black guy running from the scene,
but it might have just been another shopper or store owner.
Yeah, he's just probably a shoplifter.
Yeah, well, yeah.
And the other thing that I saw is...
Oh, God, I just forgot what I was going to say.
I know.
The stupid...
You didn't.
No, but I just want to say, once you're next signing...
I'll put Eddie out.
Yeah.
Once you're next signing.
My next signing?
Where are you going to be next?
This Saturday, I expect, in the bodygables in U of M,
1570 South-Ixia Highway.
What time?
Noon to two this Saturday.
Okay, because I lived just about a mile away from there.
Okay.
I've seen you before.
I've met you a couple times.
You're very nice.
Well, don't get carried away.
I know.
I have a grant...
Can I give a sign with...
Can I give a...
You're an awful request.
An asshole request?
No, no.
I do spelt your...
No, we don't do that anymore.
Sir, get with the times, okay?
Get with the times.
Catch up.
I mean, you mean well, but please, you sound dangerous.
Praise the call.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, longtime manager, first time caller.
How you doing?
Okay.
I can't say I'm a big hooligan from Westchester.
I play golf.
I watch golf.
I don't batfish.
I batfish.
Oh, boy.
But I batfish.
You want to catch it?
No, I batfish.
Oh, batfish.
Yeah, what about catfish?
No, not only catfish.
Oh, holy, I don't need catfish, I guess.
That's what I'm saying.
Hey, Neil, when you listen to 60 minutes about,
I think it was a week ago, they had a program on about, it was a person golf floor.
The government were using the soldiers as guinea pigs, right?
It's drug.
And now they're all having these bowel movements and they're, yeah, you know, and actually,
the people and the people in sunrise and tamarack are petitioning the government to give them some of the same drugs.
No, no, no, no.
They understand sunny Rosenberg's trying to get 50 gallons of it, 50th into hell and they'll open it.
Yeah, you know, I like to say about that is, you know, I don't care, you know.
They don't care.
That's right, we don't care.
The government doesn't care, you know.
Well, the right lady, they call, we just don't have time to care.
Yeah, and Neil, maybe they're letting that lady into the mall, you know, that'd be a good thing.
Maybe she'd get, you know.
Maybe then she'd start caring a little bit, that's a good idea.
Right, you know.
We'll take her by limo right there and stick her in the middle of the mall and just take her up and,
exactly, okay, I have a right day pal.
That's a good idea.
Put her right by one of those fountains there and just sit her down.
They're tire-op, real tight, tire-legs together.
Huh?
And just kind of sit her there and everybody go out and just leave her there.
It's okay now, let's see if you care a little bit.
You think she'd care?
No.
No, she's too busy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It's not the parking garage.
And like as we were speaking with you, we got to get another vantage point from 7th Sky Force,
and we saw a couple more SRT officers, one with a canine that were actually outside on the bottom floor there of the parking garage on.
That's okay now, but they got those dogs here, right?
One of the other dogs, a car in the garage, perhaps getting ready to go in as well.
You can have the police dog getting in the car.
Okay, the car is actually pulling out right now.
I was saying.
But we just saw them getting out of the vehicle.
So perhaps they're looking at a different side, a different angle, or they're going to actually go in and investigate another area of the mall.
Yes, maybe not.
It could be because the mall was so huge.
Oh, just keep conjecturing out of it.
Maybe they will, maybe they won't.
Maybe they will, and maybe they won't, you know.
Let's start singing the song.
Have Ricky do a little number to it, huh?
A little mumble number 85.
Mumble number 69.
There you go.
Come on, Ricky.
I mean, the fact that, I mean, if they're right,
let me turn on a real channel.
Okay, let's turn out its channel six and see what the story is here.
Oh, that's right.
This is this crazy cable.
You got four, then seven, then six.
We're going to have some nice folks with us here today.
Okay, now come on, Bob.
I love you, Bob Weaver.
But come on.
Put your teeth back in, Bob, and stop making silly person out of yourself.
Come on.
The shooting beliefs were taken place anywhere between nine and ten eight in the morning.
So they don't want to take any chances, and they need to cover an extremely large area.
This could take hours and a half.
What about channel ten?
They work.
Where the hell is channel ten?
Is that on this thing?
Or what is the channel sixty and ninety channel ten?
Where is it on this stupid cable?
What number is channel ten?
What cable company is this?
Oh, one is the greatest.
I have to say goodbye to the cable.
Then we can just turn the small dish in this white corner.
What number is channel ten?
What number is channel ten?
14 is some direct 13 is some free channel.
12 is the total.
The spot ten is two let's be in the doing a little jiggly of kitchen.
Nine is some faith eating a faker on eight is a couple of sports.
Seven is the WLRN.
Where is the whole pit of the...
I don't think it's on the melting story for us and of the case for us this morning.
We also have a little ball.
Oh man, we just got to take here that redneck senator Phil Graham from Texas.
He could be the chigger in the wood pile on his bill that's already passed the house on getting the local channels on the small dish.
Better straighten his ass out.
Ready to block it if they leave us some little thing in there that they want to do.
Just cut the crap Phil Graham.
Okay, you yahoo drooling redneck and sign that thing and let's get it going.
We can have those channels under by next week.
Oh, it's speaking of that.
The cable people must be peeing in their pants.
Because all over my neighborhood now, including right by me yesterday, all of a sudden magically appears all this cable.
All this wire, this cable stuff that they're all getting ready to put up there.
So I have a feeling that they're like rewiring and maybe they're going to give a lot more choices and upgrade the picture.
All of a sudden the cable people are making a renewed presence all over the hood.
Like we're going to impress you with what a great picture and all great choices.
Sorry, as soon as this bill assigned mail president, they buy a bubble.
Bye bye.
Bye cable people.
Bye bye.
Don't take it personal as you want to.
Twenty-till-a-noom to five sixty WQA.
Is that what I said?
This is five sixty QAM.
Only one South Florida radio station has to have.
I'm going to see you in a little bit.
Over weekday after noon to two sports radio five sixty QAM.
I think I'll be doing a show from Flagler.
They's got all the Vino at five.
But anyway, it's a murder suicide.
They got the Lieutenant skip wash off the Eventure Police on here right now.
And he said they're at it.
They spoke to some people who were like witnesses on the scene in the Starbucks.
And they said it was a homicide suicide.
And the manager of the Mall of Eventure says this was a, and I'm quoting him now,
a tragic isolated incident and the mall is closed.
A tragic isolated incident.
In other words, not everybody else getting shot.
They don't have it every day.
It is a tragic isolated incident.
I'm interested in that the choice of words, but nevertheless.
Homicide suicide.
So I don't think you have to pee in your pants and panic that we got some crazy gunmen on the list.
Running around all over town.
At least not this one anyway.
Maybe a few others, probably a few others, probably several others, but not this one.
Homicide suicide.
And the mall, it'd be closed.
Stop going in there already.
Okay.
Stop going in there to have an insurer right now.
They'd like to have your business.
It's right before the holidays.
And they'd like, you know, I'm sure the department stores want your money.
Just save your money.
Don't shop anywhere else because they're get upset.
Just go home for a while and stay loose.
Stay loose is a caboose.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Our Florida line is open.
877785.
Nail.
8777856345.
And you notice, like I said, they don't care about the gun thing that people are getting shot all over.
Even though it's right here in the middle of our town, not in Hawaii, not in Seattle.
Not in places very, very far away.
It's happening right here.
Somebody gets pissed off.
Happens every single day.
All these domestic disputes.
And then we have these assholes saying, well, if we just, you know, have the death penalty,
well, how do you get the death penalty?
Somebody committed suicide after they're blown people away.
Happens all the time now.
Littleton, Colorado.
Murders and suicide.
Over there in plantation, that deal kills the wife or the ex-wife, closes brains up.
Doesn't even give us a chance to a fries ass.
Savings us a lot of money, but nevertheless.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Pompano.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Look, I was listening to the show yesterday, and as well today.
You know, I'm a white male, and I have two children from seven years old.
Yes, sir.
And it upsets me very much to think that our governor, Bush, along with Clinton and everybody else,
is doing everything they can to give all the minorities everything.
And in reality, my kids have a right.
Why can't we get somebody in government that could just not look at color?
I believe black people have rights.
No.
But how come we don't get equal rights?
How come there's a Miss Black America?
No, Miss White America.
You have a Miss White America that makes accused you of being a racist.
It would be like a clan thing.
If you have a, it's okay to have a t-shirt that's his black power, but if you had a t-shirt that said white power,
they'd put a hood on your head and say you were a clansman, see?
Oh, I agree with you, sir.
In fact, this diversity plan that the governor has come up with, this perversity plan is,
which is nothing but a window dressing, and trying to get this thing off the ballot next year,
because it's not politically correct, and he'll be embarrassed when the voters, including me, vote overwhelmingly,
to end affirmative action.
This is just window dressing.
It's a bullcrap, because it won't be politically good for him to be in a state where we out-vote out affirmative action.
I say, you know, it's interesting that we have all of these problems with these minorities.
There's an easy way to solve that.
Let's just us white people take over, and we'll have a couple of states where all the minorities go,
except those people we choose can stay here.
We'll take a vote.
Well, I'll tell you, I've been here.
Who has to leave?
I've been born and raised right here in Pompeo, B.
Looks pretty good.
Yes.
And I like it, and I hear everybody complaining about everything all the time.
Yeah.
And bottom line is, is if we just worry about ourselves,
and just stop looking at colors, bullcrap.
I'm just so angry.
It's our government.
It's not the black people.
I'm talking about minorities, though.
I just thought you said they have all the rights, and the white people don't have any rights.
And you just say, how can you say that when you don't want to look at color?
Or maybe?
I do want to look at color.
Oh, you're right.
You're right.
Yeah, admit it.
You're right.
I want to look at it.
I'm prejudiced against people that are prejudiced against me.
Oh, I see.
Well, you got a good reason for that.
I treat every man the way he treats me.
Right.
It's a lot of fun.
I just like the black people at the black man, I hate Dan Marino because he's a super star, and he's white.
And I pay.
And then we'll call the show an admitted, even though we know it's true.
Red Fox is one of my favorite actors who's already dead.
I'm the best person to call it.
No, I can't.
Anyway, maybe they got a good suntan.
I wouldn't say they're darker than men.
Ha, ha.
Yeah, that's about it.
Bottom line is white, white, just why is it like this?
I don't understand this.
Well, because you got all these bleeding heart levels of which I used to be one,
pandering, and I'll even people like Bush because he thinks it's politically correct.
Pandering to minorities.
I think everybody's got to stand on his own thing.
In order to say, and that's the way America's got to be, stand on your own mirror.
Get yourself an education.
Get a brain if you can compete.
Go out there and compete.
And stop looking for a special treatment.
Stop looking for a handout no matter what the hell you happen to be.
Well, I'll tell you, if this is a hit, this is not a radio.
Is that correct?
You are definitely correct.
Right.
Definitely.
I'll tell you.
I would like to know, if this is on the hair, I'd like to state Mr. Bush.
Why can't you look at everybody the same?
I mean, my children have a right to be looked at.
I'd like them to go to college.
It's sad to think that the black kids are going to get to go to college.
Well, mine can't.
Well, that's part of the governor's new plan.
Now, no more white kids go into college.
Only minorities.
Only blacks in very dark Hispanics.
Those are the only kids in maybe a few Chinese.
Well, maybe someday will be the minority.
I don't know.
But we're not already.
Don't you already live in South Florida?
Yeah, right.
Well, not in Miami-Dade, but.
Yeah, take a look around, pal.
I know.
I know.
And I've learned to speak Spanish.
I still will go.
One more thing on the dolphins, if you don't mind.
No, I don't mind.
I don't mind.
No dolphin talk on this show.
Okay, we got somebody.
We got two people got shot and killed over here in Aventura Mall.
And this guy wants to talk about the guy named Dolphins for Christ'sakes.
They're killing dogs and cats in China.
And this guy wants to talk about dolphins.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a call from four Myers.
Is this maybe a breath of first year or not?
Hello.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Last call points to the change in liberalism.
I think it's taken place over the years.
You said you need liberalism?
I think so.
I'll tell you what I mean.
Liberalism used to be the call for a colorblind society.
If you were a liberal, that was what you were articulating.
Judge every person on his own merits not by the color of his skin.
No, I don't think that's what it meant.
And liberalism used to be, you know, in for all kinds of spending billions and billions of dollars to build housing projects.
And to drive to drag people out of the ghettos and drag people, you know, up by their bootstraps and all this other stuff.
That's what liberalism was all about and didn't work.
Well, that was part of it too.
But I think that liberalism initially had a colorblind society as its ideal.
And liberalism has become now the most color conscious ideology.
Well, are you trying to tell me that Jeb Bush is a liberal?
No, but he's not a proactive, affirmative, acts of her.
No, he is not, but he's a right wing fanatic.
Yeah, absolutely.
I'm talking about...
Like I said, it's all window dressing.
It is all window dressing as the cover up for his A plus plan for the public school system where he's trying to penalize blacks and other people in the words in the ghettos schools and make sure that those people continue to fail and reward people in the, you know, the wealthiest schools and the wealthiest neighborhoods.
They don't need any more rewards.
Right.
Long range go up.
This is a cover up.
Right. Long range go up being to undermine the public school system.
Absolutely. And parochial schools.
That's where it's all at.
Private schools and parochial schools.
Education for the rich and crack for the poor. That's what it's all about.
Yeah, subsidized education while you're at it.
Right.
Let me ask you another question while we're talking.
I read this movie that was discussed on your show a while back.
This Blair Whitt's project. Did you ever see it?
No, I sure did not.
Thank you.
Absolutely. We can't can free me of it.
Right.
Not a thing.
Not a thing.
Okay.
But it has a lot of, you know, screaming and carrying on in front of our tools.
Evidently, yeah.
A lot of matching of teeth.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's the experience of watching a home video camera.
And you hear the guy behind the camera talking.
The experience of watching something trying to figure out why the hell it became such a cult thing
and all these young people get sucked into it.
And it made millions and millions of dollars when there's no story there.
And why all these so-called critics were raving about it.
It's a pity.
It's unbelievable.
Every person I have spoken to without exception has said they got a headache.
They got vertigo and they want their money back.
There's nothing next.
Right.
And right when you think that maybe it's going to start.
Maybe something's going to happen.
Right.
That's what it ends.
Exactly.
I'm like this station.
Okay. I have a right day pal.
All right.
Just like this radio station.
When you think you're going to come in and everything's going to work.
Surprise.
Like this morning again.
Again.
I mean, you know, it's just astonishing to me that they're this blatant, this flagrant.
Like I said, Greg, you want to say goodbye?
Tell the beastly.
He's going to have to check book.
I can be gone this weekend, baby.
I take about a five year vacation.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
That out of town line, it's sitting there, baby.
877-785-0.
785-6345.
We heard any more about when it's going to become the All-American line.
Oh.
And it's going to work from coast to coast.
No.
Because our program directors running around greener hawk.
It's a shooting, it's a shooting, Greg.
Yeah, he's running around the hall.
Dancing with Bill Tanner.
Yeah, they're listening to disco records.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm sitting over here in North Miami in that dark county.
And I've heard about North County.
With dark county?
I sat here and heard about 10 gunshots over here in North Miami this morning alone.
All over the place.
Well, they're just celebrating the better Wednesday.
I guess.
There's no way you can stop guns.
They're never going to stop the gun.
Okay.
Hey, one thing.
I'm really pissed off about one thing.
Manage has not been on the station, but one time in the past couple months.
Yeah.
We'll go with that.
You're asking me?
That sucks.
It really does.
Yeah.
You need to be on the air a little bit more.
I agree with that.
Okay, man, it's going to be on 15 hours a day.
He'd have me.
I'm going to have to have audience with a mad dog, is that you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I got to go.
I got to roll it.
I'm sure I'll buy a good one.
Okay, see you.
Yeah.
560-560, found 560 on the AT&T White House Line.
Plenty of open lines here now, baby.
And while they investigate and take their pictures of the crime scene and interview the witnesses,
they'll also have to wait for medical examiners, whether they're on the scene or not.
That's interesting.
Yeah, great.
Okay.
Let's do a lady in Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah.
This is, of course, a lot of you are talking about the preceiver talking about.
The pedophile situation in the church.
And I think it's terrible because they're not reported.
It's not put out in their press.
And there's this past priest then for Lauderdale, there was three incidents in the...
The incident that were published on the news.
People came out with it.
But they want to happen to the church just move in some place else, but you don't know about it.
It's like a chess game.
They keep moving them around from one place to another.
They sweep it on the carpet.
They pay me.
Like Michael Jackson, you know, they pay people off to keep their mouth shut.
And then it goes on.
Yeah.
And if they send them to some other part of the country, you don't want somebody else's kids.
Yeah. If you're an accused pedophile and you move into a neighborhood, it's put out there's a pedophile in your neighborhood.
Unless you're a priest, right?
Yeah.
Unless you're a priest.
And I'm a Catholic.
And I think it's terrible because it's this crazy Catholic church.
Are you supporting this?
No.
I'm supporting the fact that it should be known that that...
No, but I mean, are you financially supporting the Catholic church?
Do you give money?
I haven't lately now.
Good.
Stop putting money in that way.
I will not until they do something with this situation.
I really do.
I think it's just great.
Every time they put the plate around and say, Amen, get out of here.
Get lost.
Well, I have done my own little way of doing it, but I think it's time that we did something and starting right here right now.
It shouldn't be going right now.
Right now. Let's start it now, sweetheart.
Okay. I'll leave you.
Keep publishing it, Neil.
Keep telling people that it's wrong.
It's wrong.
Amen.
It's wrong.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah. I've been telling you this for years.
You know, all you people that agree with me on this.
In fact, we got 8 million horse stories, including Columbus High, of course, which we know about that.
But nevertheless.
And you continue going every Sunday, which is your prerogative supporting this corrupt institution.
But for crying out loud for Christ's sake, if you part that expression, why you got to support it with a tangible with dollars and cents.
So they can have more money to pay off the guy that insurance all the lawsuits because the insurance companies won't ensure them anymore, which they won't, by the way, because they've had so many lawsuits for pedophilia.
That's right.
They've had so the Catholic church in this country has had so many lawsuits for these pedophile priest that they can't be insured.
The insurance companies have dropped them all of them.
And so now they have to keep raising these millions and I was just to pay off and harsh up these families.
And you're subsidizing it. Very nice.
Very nice. Talk about brainwashed and obedient.
And by the way, don't forget to cross yourself before you go to the mall.
Three minutes till noon at 2 a.m.
This is 560.
2 a.m.
2 a.m.
It's got the code.
We've got a shot.
We've got to send the label.
Look Jimmy Johnson's show with JJ and the hammer.
Brighties and five. All season love.
Here on Sports Radio 560.
2 a.m.
Don't you see, Ray?
I have a sports party bail.
I met a priest when I was a lad.
I was a little bit of a man.
I was a little bit of a man.
I was a little bit of a man.
I was a little bit of a man.
I was a little bit of a man.
And by the preacher man,
Welcome.
The next lady,
I felt like a sinner
And I showed up to get communion
With all my tongue
That wasn't a wafer
And it was that one of the trippin' up my chin.
Squirt, squirt?
Well, he was standin' in his underwear.
Told me to bend over and say it prayer.
Pulled up his rope and went and thank you, ma'am.
I got a letter by the preacher man behind the rectory.
Practice him.
Yeah, he was standin' in his underwear.
Oh!
Told me to bend over and say it prayer.
Yeah.
Told up his rope and went and thank you, ma'am.
I got a letter by the preacher man behind the rectory.
There's no fact in the chart.
That's her name, sure.
1202 at 560 WQM.
Who's this?
You know, by our own.
There's a lane on the floor.
And right now, it's gonna go from...
Why do they have to share them?
You see, every sit on his face.
You know, you people are Channel 7.
You know, he looked like a pretty good looking young guy there.
There was one of the witnesses who was going on in there.
And then, the closer they got, you start seeing the acne and the zits and the pores in his face.
You know, why do you have to do that to try to make everybody look bad?
Now, there's at least a bald one you got on there right now.
From about 600 yards away, she don't look too bad.
Not too bad.
Not too bad.
This blonde bimbo.
But I've got you if you got a real close on her.
Air B-Pore is probably the same.
I remember the guy like Kathy Willenson, Romeo.
Modeled and puff-marked and awed.
Geez.
Anyway.
560-560, 05-60, 05-60 on the AT&T line.
You know, everything in this country seems to come back.
I think Bill Bradley is definitely right about that.
We got racial problems in America.
Isn't that news?
I guess that's not big news.
But everything comes back to that.
Education system.
That's Jesse Jackson running around.
You know, you try to have, you try to meet out a little bit of justice.
You got disobedient kids.
And if they happen to be of a certain color of skin, right away you got demagogues like Jesse Jackson running around,
sticking their nose in there.
And our Rudy Giuliani in New York says he'll fight discrimination by cab drivers.
Right.
A week after actor Danny Glover filed a discrimination complaint saying five New York City taxi drivers refused to pick him up.
Well, who the hell would you pick him up?
I sure wouldn't pick him up.
Mayor Rudy Giuliani promised to crack down on cabbies who bypassed black folks, sparklers.
The mayor, that's what he said.
He said, you don't pick up those sparksers and I'm going to kick your ass.
The mayor on Wednesday and out to the 100 undercover black officers would begin hailing cabs and issuing summonses.
How do you like that?
We're going to have undercover or your sparser police hailing cabs.
And saying hail Mary's suspending license, even confiscating the taxis of drivers who don't stop.
If you don't stop for a dangerous looking black guy to pick him up in your cab, you got tourists, baby.
There's a good way to avoid all of this.
That's for the owners of the cabs and the cab drivers just to come to the reality that life's going to be different now, Giuliani said.
I think everybody who lives in the city knows this has been going on for a very, very long time.
And this is an opportunity to change it.
The mayor acknowledged the Glover's complaint prompted to crack down the Reverend Al Sharpton.
There we go.
Has also said he plans to file a class action lawsuit on behalf of blacks who've been passed by taxi drivers.
Be Ravi decide another one of those laundry heads no doubt a staff worker for the taxi workers alliance, which represents drivers called the crack down pure skate coating.
It's just an attempt by a racist mayor to pit black people against brown or black workers of color.
He said Glover's attorney Randolph Scott McLaughlin suggested better training for new driver taxi drivers, including introducing them to ordinary black New Yorkers, ordinary sparsers as opposed to dangerous forcers.
I think it's the wrong application to a chronic problem of bandaid on a cancer.
He said it's a waste of resources to have black officers on corners hailing cabs.
The city requires a one day cultural diversity seminar for a seminar for cab drivers and has tried for years to weed out discrimination using undercover inspectors.
Officials said about 400 cab drivers are cited each year.
400 cab drivers are said at each year, which of course is only the tip of the iceberg.
So there's a lot of cab drivers in New York who don't want to pick up the dark folks. You think that they're all racist? Is that what it is? Must be 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. New. Yes, I did what you went on in spaniq. You don't like it's panic. What is it? You don't like it's panic.
Why are you talking about sir? What language are you speaking? Why you scared that they might take over your job or something?
No, I'm not. Then we always take it out. What are you talking about? What do you do about? Yeah, that's for you. There's a big one for you. Okay. Don't like his panics.
Here's a guy who's got nothing to say and he hasn't got any idea what I'm talking about. Are we talking about his panics now?
Oh, another professional spick is what you are, sir. We're not even talking about his panics.
Just because one of these guys in his murder or homicide thing, they would have into a mall at the at the goddamn coffee Starbucks was allegedly perhaps his panic or maybe once had a little too much coffee.
Lately or something like that. This guy don't like his spaniq. I like nice people, sir. I like civilized decent people. I don't care. I see what I meet people. I don't ask about their family tree. Where did their family come from? Are they Cuban Americans, Puerto Rican American? Are they sparsas? I don't care. I like nice people. That's all. What the hell do I care?
But you sound to me like a professional spick is what you sound like to me. So you too. Okay, pal, back at you.
And thanks for your brilliant input here on the The Arrogers Show on WDQA. I mean, God bless you for listening. I'll pray for you, sir.
Here's Lantana. Hello. I use Owen sir. Okay. Good. You know what I was doing a while until you brought up for a off Jesse Jackson. Yeah. He's a real pain in the ground. I'm chucking when you heard that. Yeah, you got to get your wife.
Hey, please don't have a gag reflex. I didn't know he was just spaniq though. You know what? I don't know what that guy was. That was on the line.
Not to tend. But anyway, you know, he can't run me. So many refried beans. He thinks he's Mexican this guy. I'm telling you.
The tea on a breath. Refine. But anyway, you can't be herby Albert records. That's what did it put this guy over the edge.
Too much taco bell. Too much Julio Iglesias Jr. Maybe he's George Jr. Could be. But anyway, you know what? Michael Jr.
Revin Jackson. He kind of reminds me of her all though. Yeah. But you never seen him in the same room at the same time. Have you?
Oh, sure. He's on there all the time. I can't start with him. I have to go to the bathroom. Sorry. Excuse me. But anyway, yeah.
Linda, your Rudy Pudy. Two. Okay. Thanks. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T. I see we don't know. Nobody care.
But I plan that came anywhere on this show about Rudy, Tudy, douche bags. Just playing the ordinary douche bags. Nobody cares. It's boring. It's pathetic. That's that ancient history. Let's move on now.
Okay. Let's move onward and upward. Shall we move onward and upward? Oh, come on. Let's do it. God.
They just, you know, I realize you have to be drag kicking and screaming into the next generation of whatever we're going to do on the show. But that's ancient history.
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello. North Miami Beach. Oh, yeah. Yes. We made it happy birthday. Thank you. I want to talk to you about this asshole.
Charles Heston. Yes. It was on a TV the other day and was talking to the legislature telling them that guns don't kill people.
The fremo. I know. That's what he was saying. He started a surgeon pull a gun out of somebody's body.
And while he was talking this guy in Hawaii, I killed seven people. Yeah. And when I checked his home, he had 70 guns. That is correct. That is absolutely correct.
And I met him. He was busy shining those guns all the time. And while he was shining those guns, he says, what the hell do I need these guns for? I got used one of them.
Uh huh. And apparently you got to him after a while having all these guns. Well, what good are they? I might have killed somebody. There you go.
And actually, I need people think of course if he wouldn't have had any of those guns, he probably wouldn't have shot anybody. That's right. That's what I'm trying to say.
This thing had happened to Ramal. If there wouldn't have been any guns involved, there probably would have nobody dead in that. And people could be doing their goddamn holy shopping right. That's right. They're right. And I don't know how you're going to stop it.
No, it's in great in American palaces. America dogs in him. That's right. Okay. God bless you, sir. I'll see you at the passport office.
Just have somebody to give you a ride. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. It's toll free on the AT&T wireless line. It's 10 past noon at QA.
And it's a man. It's toss. Right here on sports radio. 5 6 8 AM. This is the Neal Roger show. This is your brain. Any question?
There's a dead. There's a dead. So hold on a cast is that there's a dead. There's a dead. There's a dead. There's a dead.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
