Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for date and brow or £560 on your cell phone.
Here's the opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions or the Feezie broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
It's Monday.
Oh God Friday, this is so far away.
Here I'm trapped in this office today.
I feel like crap.
Cross it Monday.
Meet the horn.
Woo.
Can'tites the wonder boy taught entertain me to win Sarge.
The Fred and Jason Gamer, the fans, the fans, all of these idols, when they find out he makes it triple,
why can't they wait?
Ford Ford?
I can't afford you, Jay!
Gordon and Jay!
Will the earth...
Gordon and Jay!
Will!
Yes!
Even on the racetrack
Laptop in the new bear!
As the biggest fan club!
And you suck just like a hoover!
The fans don't afford a guy in the face, and the fans that he likes to hold.
Racing out the hoes with fans, they're so good at being wearing red clothes,
fans who don't receive them,
but they find out he makes it triple.
Once you break away,
I'm down the board and Jay!
Gordon and Jay!
Will!
Gordon and Jay!
Will!
Yes!
Will!
Will!
Will!
Will!
Yes!
The place will be rocking because it's Saturday night.
He choking up his weight and the
That's a title
operating right now.
Don't出来.
the
because it's Saturday night.
Welcome to a commemorative edition of Love That Saturday Night.
For the last time from Maple Leaf Garden.
Here's from McLean.
Wow, the emotion, the sweat, the tears, the nostalgia.
Anybody out there in that?
No, of course not.
This place, man, I'm telling you.
When I sit and listen to what these ancillos talk about, they call it on this station.
It's enough to make you want to sit on a curb somewhere and cry for like hours and hours.
It really is.
The entire world, the universe was tuned in.
ESPN 2, the douche, CBC, Chicago, whatever that sports, the Fox Sports, whatever that thing is.
On a small dish, the big dish, on the Flashek dishes, and the Milchek dishes.
And you had the leaves, they stopped playing a horrible game, but who cares?
Is they closed one being, but I guess that's the last of the grade in any sport.
The last of the great sports venues, Maple Leaf Gardens.
And then afterward they had a ceremony, they brought everybody who had ever even been in the city of Toronto out there.
I mean, people that haven't been invented yet.
They even brought back Harold Ballard and Foster Hewitt.
They were like, brought the bodies back and rolled them across, standardized, stuck each one in the net.
By the way, speaking of sticking people in the net, that's an East Park fan.
And is this guy a moron or what?
Is he an idiot?
Yes.
That horrible performance by the Panthers in Montreal on Saturday night.
And this guy, which I didn't watch much of that, because obviously I was watching Leapkin.
This asshole, I mean, he's a moron.
He's an asshole.
He's talking about, well, the puck is bouncing around and he was out there in the morning,
which we'll find out later on that they had him out there with Mark Parrish.
Nice going, by the way, Terry Murry, you jackass.
Another late episode.
Kid over sleeps, takes the cab to the wrong arena, shows up and practice late.
Oh, you're a bench, I can't believe this.
This is unacceptable.
Again, like a kindergarten teacher.
You missed your calling, Terry.
You should have been a kindergarten teacher.
And they just, they're in a coma Saturday night.
So Denise Pothan makes the comment.
I was lucky enough to be tuned in when he said, well, you know, I was out there on the ice this morning.
And this ice here in Montreal at the Moulson Center is very not what they were used to playing on.
It's real chippy and the puck bounces a lot.
It's not like what we're used to playing on.
The ice is real chippy and it bounces a lot.
And I thought, well, what the hell are they used to playing on?
You moron, you imbecile, you fat frog, you dumb jerk, you idiot.
God, how could anybody be so stupid?
How could anybody be alive that long and be that dumb?
That's, that's what I wonder about Denise Pothan.
How anybody could even just not absorb some intelligence.
A lot of foodstrapers.
Yeah, right.
That we know.
Man, they seem idiot.
So we got a lot of crap going on here this morning.
Thank God, the, you know, and the talking heads and networks, they're trying desperately.
They got the polls out.
They just won't let go of this penis gate.
I hate to break the news, dear boys.
It's all over.
As you heard here on this show on Friday, as we did the countdown, it's all over.
In fact, well, this is the best poll of all.
They show you how brilliant the American public is.
CNN showed this morning, and I just looked up briefly.
So I may have the wrong order as far as the top two.
They took a pool of the American public who doesn't quite frankly know Thomas Jefferson from Jefferson Department store, which is closed, by the way.
Asking the greatest US presidents in their opinion.
Now, one and two was George Washington, Abe Lincoln.
I'm not really sure what your order does make any difference.
Number three was Ronald Reagan.
Number four was Bubba, president Clinton.
And after that, I didn't say, okay.
So even after all of this stuff, and then they got the other polls about, well, their opinion of him has gone down and his legacy.
What will it be?
Because they got nothing else to talk about.
In spite of all of this stuff, in spite of penis gate and the stain gate, they still think he's the fourth greatest president in history.
Which of course is ridiculous on the face of it.
But it goes to show you what I mean, anybody ever here of Roosevelt?
No.
Huh? Either one of them?
No.
Or anybody else.
But Jefferson?
No.
Well, they don't like guys that do their slave.
That's what really soured them on Jefferson, right?
How about George Jefferson?
Anyway, by the way, I got a letter which I haven't shared with the ad George.
You'll be real excited about this.
Henry and Miami who wants the cassette of Gondra, be good.
Who sent a save?
You know, I mean, Henry, I hate to break the news to you, but you're a little bit slow, okay?
Here's a guy that sent us a $10 check for George to make a cassette.
A recording of that and sent him.
We made the check out to WIOD.
And I thought, well, what is wrong with you, man?
What are we going to do with that?
Huh?
What are we going to do with the check made out to IOD?
We're going to do that.
Which is about the only thing we could wipe our ass with, though, yes?
So I had to tear the check up and toss it in the circular file.
Since we another letter today, requested a cassette of smoke gondra smoke a few weeks ago.
No success.
Maybe it got lost.
If my contribution wasn't enough, please let me know what I, oh, don't be 50 dollars.
Yeah, how about a hundred, Henry?
What are schmuck?
We'll appreciate any consideration.
Need cassette for fun purposes.
Henry with a name and address.
Oh, DAV.
Oh, we know what he's doing with that weed.
Veteran of two wars.
Henry, I don't care if you're a veteran of 80 wars.
You're still a putt.
Okay?
PS been listening since day one.
We buried five terminal family members who listened daily.
Never missed.
Now I'm starting to like Henry a little bit better.
Okay?
So it's got his address on there.
Maybe you can have like a little pen pal back and forth with Henry until he figures out who to make the check out.
Or maybe just stick the ten dollar bill in the envelope.
Okay?
So George can stuff it in his pocket in the money too.
Okay, Henry?
You got that, Henry?
No.
Okay.
This is your born, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Laura Taylor is a being solid.
I always make that tip.
It is a being solid.
Carly man tip.
It is a being solid.
Yeah, it's too elderly.
A being so stupid.
A being solid.
A being so stupid.
A being so stupid.
A being so stupid.
A being so stupid.
Leo!
Actually we're always searching for things somewhere he loves to hang you on the threatens words for you.
But again we are very peaceful.
How about youemuap this soon?
Wasn't that solely a being?
A feeling?
Can't think of the asshole back to his life in some particular setting I was thinking.
Why is that thing so sh**?
Throwing the car to me.
Why is that thing so sh**?
Zectry down the nut.
Why is that thing so sh**?
That's your last name.
That's being said sh**.
And then I'll leave the sh**.
And then I'll leave the sh**.
And then I'll leave the sh**.
I think the volume is following the ass over.
I think it's the sh**.
10.50 to 5.60 W to Q I N.
So every day that I see, you know, as I watch and listen and hear and live more and more,
it reinforces all these things that I talk about and show all of them.
All of these things.
For example, just give you one example.
This horrible story we had at Boka High last week,
with a 17-year-old kid, the soccer player had a heart attack and collapsed and died on the field.
So this morning I'm watching the news and they're showing the funeral service for this soccer player.
And of course, the big porter says,
oh, they were seeking all the young, all his classmates and teammates.
They were seeking answers.
Well, first of all, let me tell you this.
If you're looking for answers, don't go to church.
Don't go to any religious institution.
You won't get no answers there.
Well, yeah, you'll get a bunch of bullcrap.
And the priest who's doing this eulogy, he's going on and on about,
well, we don't know because it's a big mystery.
It's everything to see because he works in mysterious ways.
It's a mystery.
And then one of the relatives is saying,
well, he was taken from us so early because he was too good for this earth, for, you know,
well, what does that mean?
He was too good for the crap that we got here on earth.
And then the best line of all is from the priest.
Well, at least if nothing else, we know that God has got a great soccer player up there in heaven.
I mean, how, why do we do this?
I realize that people are terrified of death,
whether it's their own or somebody they love, somebody they know.
But why do we do this?
Why do we say all of these things?
Do the things, right?
God has got a great soccer player up there in heaven.
He's in heaven now.
Anybody really believe that?
No, of course nobody really believes it.
So why do we have to say these things?
Why are people compelled to say crap?
That's what I would like to know.
Which we'll never get an answer on that because, you know, being the heathen that I am,
I'm a bad guy.
I just don't want to play the game, you know,
out there on the periphery of reality.
Thank God.
I noticed Channel 4, by the way, they did their,
they did, they took the piece from the morning show that they dropped what's your beef,
and they made a whole week out of it last week.
Did you see the summary of that over the weekend?
Well, guess what the number one beef is in South Florida?
And guess who is hot going to China about it the most?
Language.
That's right.
And they had these women on there.
Oh, we talk about it constantly.
We talk about this all the time.
Yeah.
See, that's why we don't have a big female audience on this show.
If I would pull a standy paint, of course,
you don't have any audience at all.
But if I would do like, she doesn't talk about bilingualism all the time.
The guys would probably all be gone,
but we'd have all the women out there.
That's why we have no women interested in this show.
That's all they want to talk about is,
bap bap bap bap bap, you know.
And I don't disagree with the basic premise that it's very rude and obnoxious
and impudent and arrogant and, uh, et cetera and so on.
Of people who come here will make no effort to speak at English.
And they showed all these different people on their own channel for the other.
Oh, no, speak at English.
And go, sorry, and no, speak at English.
Yeah, well, blowing out your ass.
I don't give a damn.
I have no room for those people.
And they showed the same old tired craft,
the arrogant asshole saying, well, you know,
you couldn't get a great job.
A dead cow, you don't have to learn to speak English.
Well, that's my comment to you, okay?
You live in here, show a little bit of gratitude learning goddamn language
and stop being about your arrogance speaks.
That's my comment, which I've said for like 23 years.
And I stand by that.
But talk about beating a dead horse.
You see, you can talk about this until telefreezes over.
And people who are arrogant and obnoxious,
they're still not going to learn English.
And people who are getting out of brain,
they're going to learn whatever they want to learn.
Because basically, it's a dumb country anywhere.
We have all these fungley, literate people.
And if you didn't feel dumb before,
if you saw the 60 minutes piece last night
and a nine-year-old kid,
oh, he's so percouchist.
Yeah, I think he needs a spanking is what he needs,
sticking with arrogance.
Yeah, right.
Irrigant little blonde-headed kid.
Nine years old, he's a genius, okay?
Is he a genius because he did something to become a genius?
Oh, no, he did it because he's got lucky, lucky genes.
That's the only reason, just like I tell you guys
that I got a big shlong, okay?
Don't be running around the bracket about it.
You didn't do anything to make a big.
You may have thought you were working on it.
You didn't make your shlong big.
You were born with it.
So whatever you're born with,
do you do the best you got with it?
But what difference does it make?
Like it's an accomplishment?
Yeah, Ed Bradley is interviewing this little nine-year-old kid
who's going to college next year,
who's another child prodigy.
He's a genius.
Smarter than maybe all of us put together.
And you know something, he's still a bratty little kid
with a crappy attitude and also arrogant and impudent.
He's a good spanking is what he needs.
Don't you think he needs a real good spanking?
I change his attitude a little bit.
But in any way, to make it into, of course,
they had the piece last night on 60 minutes about the,
which he's just like talking about bilingualism.
It's the same thing.
The same thing, it is a total and universal waste of time
because America is a slaughterhouse.
America loves guns.
Why don't these people just understand
like Mayor Daly, a dick up there in Chicago?
I mean, he's doing the right thing, I think.
But why doesn't he understand?
People love guns.
I mean, we got a long, rich history of...
That's the American fucking way.
...flowing each other's brains out with guns.
Everybody and their brother walking around the streets with guns.
Just ask Brian Blades, he'll tell you.
Yeah, the family that shoots together gets filled together.
It's a sickness and you know, you can argue in this and that
and you got to the NRA people.
I mean, I'm not saying I'm not trying to discourage anybody
from doing anything to get rid of this gun sickness
and the proliferation of handguns,
especially with gang members and scumbags.
Maybe that's part of the problem.
Maybe we've got too many gang members, too many scumbags in this country.
Ever think of that?
That could be part of the problem.
There's an awful lot of scumbags out there.
Some of them, by the way, play professional sports.
And you're supposed to admire them and coddle them
and overlook every goddamn thing that they do.
And many of you do, by the way.
Congratulations.
Just like what's his name?
Very Schmeck Switzer.
Switzer.
Swisher.
Back when he was the coach of the Cowboys still.
Last year, year ago, whatever the hell was,
year and a half ago, in the airport there in Dallas.
Just that little little thing in his bag.
Where's the bike to carry it around?
He likes his little thing.
And he said, what are you bugging me for?
That's the American fucking way.
Right, that's what various swisher said.
So, how can I try to quit the gun thing
as a total waste of time?
Because they don't give a crap.
Got an interesting fact.
Well, it's not really very interesting.
A long fact.
Some of the rabbi-informed Myers.
Are there Jews in Fort Myers?
Uh-huh.
Like one or two, I can't believe that.
Enough Jews for there to be a,
it says, this is the February 12th Friday night,
so I'm giving him my shul-informed Myers.
And it's about the teletubbies and about Jerry Fallwell
and about the Barney, the dinosaur,
and about the Tinky Winky.
Yeah, I saw Jerry with his fat push.
See, the media knows that they're really desperate right now.
Board the tears now that penis gate is all over with.
So now they're back to John Bonet.
Ramsey again, they're dead.
I told you they'd be back on that again.
Are they back?
Uh-huh.
Big time.
It's all over the place.
Because they're desperate.
And the Jerry Fallwell thing,
even Wolf Blitzkrieg on CNN yesterday,
he's got that fat-faced piece of turd on there.
He's got Jesse Jackson,
who never met a controversy that he didn't want to exploit.
He's got him on one side of the screen
and that big fat-faced, uh,
glowering jackass,
Jerry Fallwell in the middle.
That's sneering, jueling jackass.
And now the story is,
well, you know, he never, he never wrote that.
He never said that he wrote it.
It was in his publication.
He's never even seen the teletubbies.
And yada yada yada.
So it's the same thing I told you about last week.
Just try out the outrageous,
bigoted statements.
See how they fly like a little trawl balloon.
And then as soon as there's a backlash,
oh, I didn't really mean that.
I mean, did you, uh,
did you, uh, any Christ?
Oh, I mean, I didn't really mean to say it,
even though I do believe it.
I didn't mean to say it because it just doesn't go
over very bad.
Oh, yeah.
Did you, any Christ bastard?
And now it's the teletubbies.
A faggot thinking when he's a faggot.
He's got a little purse.
He speaks with a squeaky voice.
Oh, I mean, nobody ever said nothing about
gildy and that little purse.
He carries to work in the morning.
And a squeaky voice.
He's getting laid a lot.
Women know less.
Well, now seriously, that's a living proof right there.
Just because you got a squeaky voice,
you carry a little bag.
And you're like a little poor.
Doesn't mean you're a fag.
Am I right?
Uh-huh.
Gildy is the living proof of that.
Boy, jury fall on strike.
You know, again, every time you think
that we're rid of some of these tired old faces,
some of the tired old bull crap in rhetoric,
they can make a comeback.
All of a sudden, they make a comeback
by saying ridiculous things down out of face of them.
Anybody in the media who's got a brain would say,
this man needs to be locked up somewhere.
Let's stop giving him more publicity.
And by the way, just to prove my point,
authors says John Venet's mom capable of harm.
See if they're going to bring the,
this is on the inside page.
It'll be back on a front page before long.
Boulder, Colorado,
John Venet ran these mother-switched from charming to tough
when challenged by a detective,
leading police to believe she was capable of bringing harm
to her daughter,
author Lawrence Schiller writes in a new book on crime.
Now, let's see,
Lawrence Schiller wrote one of the OJ books.
And I'm trying to remember what it was.
Oh, yeah, he used to be a horrible book.
He used to be OJ's neighbor,
which you don't find out until the middle of the book.
And then he starts like,
suck it around and covering up and suck an OJ's ass.
Perfect murder, perfect town,
which will be released later this week,
examines differences between police and prosecutors,
tabloid speculation in the culture of Boulder.
Lawrence Schiller, you're going to buy this book,
not if you're smart.
Just another exploiter.
And I'm going to tell you who else I really,
oh, did I change my opinion this last two days?
You know who turned out to be a real jackass,
that Alan Dushowitz.
It wasn't just an aberration that OJ think.
They hit him on a few days ago on one of the morning shows
and he was talking about how he might defend this anti-Semite,
this obnoxious clown they had on there.
They had him on in New York with Katie Curric on Today's show.
And Alan Dushowitz was up there at Harvard,
where he was talking about, wow,
he might defend him because he believes in the first amendment
and yada yada yada,
and even though he's a virulent anti-Semite.
And then over the weekend,
Alan Dushowitz goes even further,
it says that if Hitler were still alive today,
he would defend him and get him off.
He could do it.
Huh?
Yeah, so in other words,
another returning asshole.
See, the old thing about most lawyers or assholes
is absolutely correct, sir.
It is absolutely correct.
He could defend him and he could get him off.
Even as OJ says his behavior was,
and we've pugged in a disgusting,
nevertheless, Alan Dushowitz, he's smarter
and all the rest of us, even that nine-year-old kid on 60 minutes,
and he could get him off.
Maybe with his lips, maybe he could get him off.
What a jackass.
He's high on the list.
Jews were embarrassed of Alan Dushowitz.
He's on the top five.
Oh, f**k me off.
What you heard, Alan, was to hear
by the Beatles or about the Beatles?
Have you witnessed somebody
Beatles do his wetly that you're ready to puke?
We'll hold onto your lunch,
cause there's much, much more
when you order beetles or aps.
That's right, all of Beatles phones
know the man one complete volume.
Son by the rap stars of today.
Hear ice cubes do the classic.
I want to hold your hand.
I want to hold your hand and slap your motherf***** head.
Bobby Brown and I see Kulio,
or Alan Kulge doing the unforgettable valid.
Hey, Jude.
Hey, you sh**, Joe.
F**king man.
They're all here on Beatles rap order today.
We'll even throw in Yoko Hoto's own arrangements of yesterday.
Yeah.
Kulio, 1,800, rap me up.
Right, Kulio, 1,800, rap me up.
Presenting facts, well, not really.
So, regarding your comment on the soccer players funeral,
why do people keep believing this crap?
It's because they are full of crap is what it's said.
Well, I mean,
rather simplistic, all that maybe right on target.
Okay, let's take a caller to here today because I'm loaded.
I got all kinds of good crap to unload today.
Now that we're finally over this penis gating,
let's have another party over it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Last week you've made a number of disparaging comments,
and you've done so again this morning.
Oh, disparaging comments about what?
You've taken out of context some of the things.
Out of context?
The rap that the rap farmer was saying last week,
and then you went on the air.
And then you continued to trash the man.
And deservedly so.
That's where you can answer as an idiot.
I'm sure there's a fact that you are smart at.
There's no question about that.
You've heard that self over there on the air.
Yeah.
Well, what does that have to do with it?
Let's not make an attack on me.
Let's talk about whatever comments I took out of context.
You've taken it, sir.
You've mentioned maybe one or two times.
What?
He said, and then you went on and to call him names.
I don't think it's appropriate for you to get on the air.
First thing I would say, you're going to have
one of these good religious people that's going to tell me
what's appropriate for me to say.
You're going to tell me what I should say and what I shouldn't say.
What would you let me say?
I'm looking to you, but you're not telling me.
But you're telling me you're talking absurdity, sir.
Let's get one thing straight, sir, to a conversation.
I mean, a conversation means that you dummy up when I'm talking.
And then I'll listen to you.
Then I'll listen to you, but I'm saying something.
An appropriate conversation is not somebody calling it on the show
and telling me what I can say or can't say.
I'm not commanding you to do anything.
You just got to tell me what's appropriate and not appropriate.
I'm asking you to respect me like I'm respecting you.
I don't respect you.
You sound like an imbecile.
Well, I take that in context.
See what's coming from.
In context, yeah.
End.
Okay.
You're going to be able to say what's the point?
The point is I'm proud to be a member of this organization.
I've sent him money over.
Like I said, you're an imbecile.
I had you peg right from the start.
What I'm saying is you get on the air and you use,
you cannot defend your position.
And you have to use dirty language that I have.
Can't defend that position like that.
Tinky Winky is a homosexual?
Sir, did you ever see a cartoon character who was a homosexual?
Yes, I have.
But this team Pumba and the team-owned character
is certainly a homosexual because I don't know if you've heard
the point of view that this program point of view
which is hosted by Marlon Maddick.
He outed Timmo.
Now we're...
Timmo, sir, you know something?
You're the best.
You're the best caller I've ever had on a show.
I'm getting used to it.
I'm getting used to it.
I have to be the best.
I can't back up.
Well, let me ask you something.
How does a cartoon character commit homosexuality?
Okay, well, I've seen these a couple of times.
No, no, sir.
Let me answer my question.
How does a cartoon character commit any sexual acts?
We're not talking about sexual acts.
We're talking about homosexuality.
How can you be a homosexual unless you're acting it out?
You don't have to act it out.
You can...
There are signs and there are things you do.
Oh, well, Emily, okay.
Let's hear what those signs are.
Come on.
Okay, Timmo speaks with a...
He's got...
You know, they have a certain accent when they speak.
He's got that accent.
You mean like a...
You mean like a...
Like a list?
Right.
That's what I'm...
So it's one of the...
When you say they...
Sir, they have an accent.
So in other words, all homosexuals speak with a list?
Oh, right.
Sir, let me ask you this.
Do I have a list?
I think sometimes you can make your one of them.
No, sir.
Let's...
So don't you want to get to that?
Let me ask you again.
Do I have a list?
No, you don't.
Okay.
I've been out of the closet for 22 years.
I am a homosexual.
I don't have a list.
So it proves right off the bat.
You're taking a line.
To me, I think you're just putting on an act.
I'm putting on an act.
I think it's because some of them are experts
are doing, but what I'm saying is...
Yeah.
So it's in any...
Anybody who's a homosexual,
an accountant, a list, is just putting on an act.
Right.
Now why would anybody...
With all the bigots running around like yourself
and the Reverend fall well?
Why would anybody put on an act?
Why would anybody put on an act
to pretend to be a homosexual?
I don't know if I want to continue this conversation
because I'm already curious.
Because you don't have...
Because you're back against the wall.
Because I already shown that you're full of crap.
Right.
I'm male.
Okay. Thank you.
Right.
Is that incredible or what?
That is all right off the bat to start the week.
God bless you, sir.
God bless you and that fat friend of yours,
that fat-pony friend.
That's the best.
I think it's inappropriate for you to tell the truth.
That was beautiful.
Okay.
That's our poll question today, by the way.
Let's name all the gay cartoon characters.
Maybe we know about Batman and Robin.
Rex, Bannon, and Dr. Quest.
And what about Dick Tracy?
Yeah.
Sylvester.
And what about Superman?
What kind of a guy walks around with a cape on?
Sylvester had the list.
Yes, Sylvester.
How about Sylvester and Tweety,
but I think they were doing it.
Tweety birds of war, you know, and he had the war.
We are talking like I've been telling you folks for years
and now they're coming out of their closets.
I mean, they're just whipping it right out,
showing you beyond a shadow,
but out these people are crazier than a bedbug.
They're sort of fireball.
We need to have an instead of building more prisons,
we need to build more sanitarians
and put all these crazy people away.
It's astonishing.
It's going to show you how many stoop
and he's sending money to this faker.
Oh my god, this is beautiful.
What this is, the great,
in my wildest dreams I could have never anticipated
starting the week right out of the box with our very first call.
Sir, the greatest, the best call in the history of talk radio,
Barnum. Nobody can ever top that
for absolute idiocy and stupidity and unabashed lunacy.
He's sending the money and how dare I wrap the
the ribbon followed by foul ball.
And he took a comment out of contest.
That's an evil thing, you know,
only Elante Cristo would take things out of contest.
22 before 11 at 5.
60 WQAM, where the stupidity just keep is running rampant, baby.
He's on the loose.
She's starting to get that list begin.
Yeah, you're starting to shout like one of them.
I am one of them.
Oh my god.
Now it's just an act.
You don't talk like one of them.
Exit it.
Yeah, it's just an act.
I'm trying to get in the butt, honey.
Sayyell THAGUTH.
Oh.
What did I like ya?
Oh,
Oh, gay guys got your back remember that because that's where we're looking for love
It's where you're crack that the fetish held by me f. A. G. I got not facial hair
Ben a lezzet that'll make fun don't poke your nose at the queer gay boy lifestyle
I like Joe talk your gay Joe can start being violent because you might get a taste of homosexual violence
We don't play your butt my target like a dog in his territory
Martin when you see us with a Ray Banzon was just tying the parts that we want to get our hands on
We're the f. A. G. That's hurt
Don't you forget it
Really all at a heart of swallow
Now let me see you just trans with me just trans with me now slide
Right there. Let me see you do some weights then
Perfect make wrist lift
Oh
That's a baby
Look at you went dead. Oh, I got a wet
Okay, this every art
Everybody have a moist towel
Okay, look I'm cut the crap out
You're no beauty girl
That's 4.5 60. You know I'm 60 minutes last night. It Bradley asked a kid about Santa Claus that nine-year-old genius
And he said oh no, I you know, I got over Santa Claus first
It was the tooth for and I realized there was no tooth for me and then after that it was like
Whatever was and then Santa Claus you'll notice though
He didn't ask him about the God bull crap did he ask him about that?
No, that would have been a little bit too embarrassing on 60 minutes on network TV to find out there's a nine-year-old kids smart enough to realize
It's all a bunch of bull crap and at color a couple minutes ago
He was the personification of religious stupidity. Thank you so much, sir
And this rabbi this rabbi Benjamin sender over there and four Myers who fact me this thing about
Winky tinky and tinky winky and all this other crap would you follow?
Well, he reminds us that it was Siri fall well at the brought Bert Nerny out of the closet from Sesame Street
Yeah, they have to be gay because they're two guys. They both live in the same house
Doesn't that prove it?
They have separate beds though. How do you know that?
How do you know they just leap in separate? Oh, I think it just been after the light just to cover up
Not to mention of course Barney the dinosaur incarnation of the devil and being purple beside that you know what he must be
Don't you?
Okay two open lines and day two and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's Miami B. Hello
He's hard to follow a car like that. Yeah old Jerry and the boys. Well, let's make a contest out of it
I'll take it out of contest. Yeah, really what a jackass that's putting it mildly. No, I really and that was the first call of the day
That was great. Yeah, well happy club of day because today is president's day a couple things
I was over on the fine city of Braini's in Florida this week
We can with busy and my father. Oh my god. Oh my god. Yeah, and they did an hour long
Program before the good old boys ran the stock cars. Yeah on the last great sports arena and it was great
It was fantastic. They told about the different color seats. I you knew if you had a expensive seat or
But it was really it was really really interesting and they had players that they were
Interviewing and stuff like that. It was it was pretty neat. I think I you know that's really they lost a really really good
Good study art. I mean what's this?
They are but it was just got a lot of history to it. So I'm money man. They got to get in over the end of the month
They made they got to make them bigger and bigger and have three thousand more seats
They made a comment about that too about
How much more revenue that the new sky boxes would generate right and they also made a comment about the food courts and how the food courts were controlled by
I don't know some person that the group of people who control
Downtown Toronto, you know all the food courts there. It's the same great tall tall. It's all politics
You can't have the same crap though. Yeah, but I thought it was pretty interesting. I mean, I thought you might find it
You see it at all. It was on a small dish. Did I see it? I watched the CBC had a phenomenal from six o'clock Saturday night till about
10 30 a night. We are getting this bad because I was doing something out. But it's fantastic
Yeah, it was well, but they even brought some of the dead players back some new
Yeah, they rolled him right out there on the eye. Foster and boys. Yeah
Well, no, listen, you have a good dog Bubba day. Oh, hey, one thing else too. I'd like to tell you about this
You know white to white K-2 thing. Yeah, I got my new credit card a gas card. I won't say what company is
I looked at it. It's good to the year 2002. Yeah, most of my credit cards are good to 2001 2002
So I think I think we might make it well
I did today. I use it for the first time. Not you know, I didn't know if I did gas or not
Okay, I mean it was like big unknown, okay, and you know low-of-y hole. I got gas and not only did I get gas
But I got a bill. How do you like that? I'll see you in the other way. I'll go for it. Come on this plot. Okay, I'm about to say sir
Probably another jury fall-well play, you know because these are the final times you don't understand that don't you?
These are the final times Jesus is coming. Jesus is coming
Somebody get a towel
Mother Mary she's coming back to like I've told you before the more religious they are the crazier they are for example right on the front page of the hero this morning
Of course, we know they're here all their anti-Semite anyway, so they love they they just fell from this
Israel's ripped over religion and they show again the orthodox used protesting high-court rulings a
Demonstrator calls out in prayer during demonstration on Sunday
You can see from the shape of his mouth. He's yelling out. Oh, you can see that look at look at he's yelling out
Molding it. Oh yeah
Which of course all you smarts is out there is yo backwards. So yo mama
Jerusalem rallies draw 300,000 and intensifying struggle over the identity in soul of the Jewish state
Ten of thousands of ultra orthodox and secular Jews
Ported into the streets of Jerusalem Sunday to pray sing supporter and vague against Israel's liberal Supreme Court in separate rallies
And of course the ultra orthodox they came out in humongous numbers. They were all going
And they were laying to fill in and lay in each other and just they're going crazy
Crazy people bigoted see I hate to break the news to you
But that's primarily what religion is all about. It's not about love and compassion
It's about hate ignorance and superstition
Those are the three main components without organized religion can't survive hate ignorance and superstition
All of which of course leads to
The box. I mean more you guys like that guy. We had the first caller out of the box this morning
Sir, I'm gonna tell you something for a million dollars cash. I couldn't have bought a call like that
especially the start the week and the best part of it is he was serious
I think what we ought to do now that Ken star failed on penis gate
Don't stop now man when you just getting rolling. I think you ought to investigate all the cartoon characters
Starting with that goddamn Batman and Robin. Okay sliding up it down at Greece pool
Just like just like at the fire station, baby. You show me a bunch of guys that hang around and live together
Especially that age and they're sliding up and down at Greece pool together. I'll show you a real bunch of
Madakones
Here's the mobile and West Palm Beach hello
Hey, Neil have to go. Okay, sir. I want to out out a another cartoon character. Yes
Woody woodpecker. Oh, you're definitely no question about that the name alone
But I saw him this week in South Beach with the atele tube to be a drinking white wine spritzers over the news cafe
Yeah, that's that's the first tip off
And the other thing is he was wearing a thong and so he's there. He's Brazilian or he's gay
My god is that thing real? Yeah
Um, can you play that that once you used to do the think of the mile where the Mexicans, you know, and they yes sir
Okay, it's getting close to that time have a great day sir. I'll put you up a little bit
We have an open line at Broward to a date how dare you say how dare you say these true things about that fat faker jerry fallwell, huh?
The tele tummies are gay or at least the purple one is gay and this one over there
He's a chink and this one he's a bisexual and this one is in the SNM
Like I've told you many times before the ones that are talking about all of this stuff are the ones that suffer from the roses of the liver
Sexual neurotics like Jim Baker he was doing everybody
I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if it turns out jury fallwell's taken something in the back
Oh, if it's only a finger or two or three or a fist
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, oh god. Yes, sir. Yeah, I could I couldn't agree with you more, you know in
In 79 here I am this young Jewish kid. I moved out that northern Alabama
next city
And they're telling me are you Jewish that's too bad you're not going to heaven because you got to be
Something about Jesus Christ. I got news for a pal if your last name is levin you ain't going to heaven
And that's the first time I heard about that stuff, but Neil
the
Bible pounding
People are the greatest sinners in the world they're doing more sinning than than any other people that you can imagine and the ones just like you said
The ones that speak out against this stuff are the ones that are doing it
Okay
I'll see in summer with a banjo on my knee. Oh, they're drilling again. Okay, they're doing more construction now
They started right here as soon as we got on a year making noise. I mean we're only in here four hours a day
But god forbid they should do it at a time that makes sense on this floor
Okay, we have an open line of day well. I know I realized I'm starting to complain too much
Why do it at the time when it's you know makes it the reasonable to do a show in this room
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good morning. Yes, I am
The pleasure speaking with you. Yes, it is. I'd like to talk about the incompetency at the National Carler General Center
Yeah, and the S.O. Police in sunrise
Yeah
My 14 year old son divorced me to take him to wrestling Saturday afternoon was which was my biggest mistake
Oh my god. Yes, and coming down the elevator from section 421
The National Carler General Center in their
Magnificence decided to put a wrestling souvenir stand at the base of the escalator
Backing the escalator up 20 feet with people flowing over
Children's training women's training pushing shoving the whole nine yards. Yeah, it was really a very dangerous situation
Okay, get down to the bottom push my way off with my 14 year old son
Go around the corner on the way out the door and there's two sunrise police there. I woke up to him said
Brooks you have a very dangerous situation over there
The elevator's being backed up people can't get off the elevator. I think you need to look at it. Somebody's really gonna get hurt
Yeah, they steer that me for 30 seconds blink twice and never did a thing about it. Right. This is what makes America wonderful
That's right. They don't give a crap
It's like all the other things in the arena that have been screaming about for months now since the day they opened it and nobody cares about it
I'm a seasoned ticket holder. I'm in four-twenties
And then Denise Poppins got the nerve of the stupidity come on in that Montreal telecast Saturday and say oh
Well, you know, they're having a tough time because the ice is real chippy and the puck is bouncing around like a ball
Things were not used to things they ought to be perfectly used to the panthers ought to play great on that kind of surface because they get
The every home game they play on ice like that exactly
Got a bunch of spineless ass sucking shields who absolutely refused to talk up about the all these all these things that they do in that arena that are acceptable
Just one thing else
Sunrise police you're a shonda. Okay
Okay, oh his name was leaveny going to heaven
We a lot of Jews out there in a magic city, baby
We're not going to heaven. You know where we're going. We're going to show we're going for poor him in just a few days
Maybe you need home in Tasha
See that's why the go-em are so jealous first. They stole the beanie that didn't work that didn't do it
Then they know first they stole the god. They stole that crazy old god
That was uh, then they had to make up a new one because that one wasn't very satisfactory
Then they stole the beanie that still didn't do it
Then they started sneaking into the deli even as far as you as a lot of love the deli
How do you like that?
Unlike I told that crazy woman in Toronto that time in the deli
I told her I said if he eat that kiski sweet art, it's going to make you Jewish and she went oh and I said see you're doing it already
Don't you believe in anything? I said make believe she said why did I make believe make believe oh
Create see every have you and no seriously why doesn't anybody ever talk about the fact
I've mentioned it over the years sporadically, but nobody responds because they try to ignore it that every time you go to a big city
New York Toronto wherever it is L.A. and they have these
Which doctors on the street corners handing out religious pamphlets. They're always people like that. She's a bag lady like crazy people
Now do you think that maybe there might be some coincidence between the fact that they're using crazy people stand out religious literature
propaganda
Because same people of course uh, they got too much of a brain to believe it
Crazy people that's what we're talking about hate intolerance and
superstition
The end is coming the date on the calendar is changing
He's in heaven now like in fatso remember that down deli
The cousin dies not because god decided it was time to take him because he was a big fat pig choking on his own fat and croak from a heart attack
He's in heaven now
Well the next is feel better. Okay if it makes it you feel better fine, but you're still stupid
Rose nasty
Where does morning breath come from
Hey
I'm not very I'm not in the day except for nothing I'm really a fairy
You know
And I love it when your mouth is opening your snoring because that's why
And that's where morning breath comes from so uh
pressure
Yep, there you go there's him out of the one the morning breath fairy
He's all over the goddamn place and jury fall well. How they springing him out pretty soon. I'll be exposing it
Here's the fact that says jury fall miles boyfriend was the best call in years
Thank you for leading that bigger than soul on the year long enough to expose his crap
I don't list be this so I guess it's just an act
There you go. We got many in fact. Let's hear from homosexuals. They don't list five actually there's three or four of us huh?
I think that that's probably a fat oh sorry see I'm lancing lancing lancing and listening again
Open line of date to enbrowered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Will the American public ever grow up? No. Will we ever become just a little bit more mature? No about anything
Will we ever uh will a country as a whole that's with an H?
Will it ever like emancipate itself from this yoke of religious insanity? Will it ever happen? No
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line hanket chulas today through the six books
They're six to seven from the national car Yanta center and then seven o'clock. We got the pregame game at seven thirty five
That night the panthers and the San Jose sharks. I bet you there's a lot empty seats unfortunately for that
Because pop albury will not be playing the night. He's still on the mend
still and
You know at San Jose being in the western conference and of course having got shut out for nothing on the Saturday
You put all these components together and probably a few thousand empty seats sadly. He says
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello
Hello
Neil yes, sir. I saw movies
last night and
Light interest you. Did you see the general? No
There's a scene in there where he's in this
He takes the island and this priest has these kids lined up with their butt sticking out
And giving him a squat across the butt. Backed him
That's it
but the
worst part and the next part is later on
The boy is asleep. The general is asleep
And the priest comes in and reaches under the cover and says wakes him up and says yeah
puts his finger to his mouth to keep him quiet
He put it in his mouth
No, he didn't put it in his mouth
But it's a scene showing
That what the priest said
He's not packed in the church. Yeah
And I guess what will let you know is for that one scene
Surprise that the Catholic Church hasn't condemned it
I just wait till they find out
Yeah, what's he called a general? It's called the general. I saw it in
In Boca
Yeah
I forget which movies they were
I'm going to go to I'm seeing a half an hour
Thank you for hearing God bless you. I said have a great day two open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
The all these people in their time of grief. Who do they run to? They run to the priest
They run to the silly man in a dress
Talk about people in the closet and guess what not all them list be there. Oh boy
Huh?
Not all many many of them do though
Many of them do in fact remember the priest at the end in the fatso
Wasn't that the movie in the end where they were getting married in the priest was uh, yeah
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello
Yeah, what's up buddy? Are you doing sir?
Oh, maybe God needed a new player to make the playoffs or something like that
God could come well
Maybe that's why God takes such a special interest in all these sports events and that's why they're always praying to him
Maybe the big sports fan you never know
Maybe God listen to Q.I.M
I also want to make one suggestion. Does that mean that because uh,
Berkner and this together they're okay?
That's what Jerry says. Yeah, of course
Or you know who really knows what the rubber duck is and don't forget about big bird
Yes, not for us I guess. What about the fact that officer was in the garbage can uh, huh?
And what about the fact that uh the count has banks coming out of his day for the counts and others all of these things
Okay, date counties open five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's pompino. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Hey Neil. What's the pleasure to act here? Yes, it is. I'm a homosexual that does not list
Hmm. I'm up from the
Then you're truly a breath of fresh here. Yeah. I mean, it's great to
Here you put down these assholes like Collins like that guy. Yeah
Okay, have a great day. Okay, and put you up a little bit. He's a he's borderline. Why's that little two thing today?
We have an open line and brown all three and they what's going on with this audience today for Christ's
We start the show and don't give me its Monday. It's a holiday. The kids are out of school. There's no traffic today
It's a bustman's holiday today
In a real place these phones would be smoking off the goddamn hook
After that to that first phone call are they smoking no they're smoking it all right
Just like that thing about the closing of Maple Leaf Gardens the final NHL game their Saturday
Which was on the do she was on cbc was all over the world one call I had about that one of the most emotional nights of my life
These people like I told you they're in La La Land. They're oblivious to anything
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello
I need all you doing okay, sir
I think I agree with what you said about the sanitarians. I think what we should do is get fall wells
mailing list tell all these people were building new churches and then
Going putting the paper saying the Pope's coming yeah send them to that address and then lock them down
Okay, thank you so much
Two open lines in date two and brown were five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miramar hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. I'd tell you you know
I got about three things for you ready a number one. I'm looking at my television and there's dom dela weenies
Starring in fatso right now on what on on core that the honey junior exactly number two
Identify myself freely as a sexually repressed right wing asshole, but that guy this morning is so embarrassing
I got to turn my ID card is yeah, I think you're maybe kicking you out. You're not right wing enough. You're not repressed enough
That guy actually touched it this year
Oh once and twice as weak anyway that guy is really scary
I'd say he mixed up the Lord and quizz and a token model look like a flaming liberal for god's sake
Yeah, and one more thing Neil. I like auction google
Okay, see you dumb. Dama's on that the honey junior. Okay. I guess they're not gonna be talking to us today
But that's okay. I can handle it like I said we got a lot of good stuff here
I'll read all the articles about the Orthodox Jews and like I've always told you before every time I bring that up
And there's a story right on the front page of the newspapers. Do we get any response on it?
Nothing zero zippity do da
Because even you're like mainstream Jews are too embarrassed by the altar Orthodox
They don't want to talk about oh, let's just let's bury it under the covers and it's embarrassing
Why not talk about it? Just look at this picture look at these ridiculous people with a schmattas and their beards and look at from the stone age
They're out of the dark ages like your friend there. I don't care what you say. I don't care what kind of an accountant is
I don't care how much money saving you on your taxes. What kind of a shifter he is
He needs help
He needs serious serious health
And it wouldn't be so bad if the rest of us the rest of the world didn't need to be uh help from them
If they were like just do with their own thing then everybody else would say okay
There are animals anyway. Let them lose their souls
But they're not
I don't remember junior
My sack is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearl. I don't even have enough to pack us world
I try to seek riddles and technology
But if don't get no bigger than a cow's feet there's nothing I can do
I only got a three inch two
You'll be disappointed when we reach my house
Because you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a mouse
It ain't no big Mac or like a happy meal
You get more satisfaction from your high heel
You're where I was in the pool
Because I only got a three inch two
Have a nice day
That night I wonder if they will ever grow
If I was a homosexual I couldn't even push in your stool
Oh it looks like Mr. Peanut with a cocaine
It's got capillaries instead of veins
I could cut circulation with a piggy ring
For Halloween I dress in like a buffalo wing
It's in a suction tube
Because I only got a three inch stool
Even with a metric rule
I only got a three inch two
Tell him guys
Baby
Come here honey
It's not
I like it only find a three inch stool
It's 11.15 at 5.60 WDQM that's very far wild boy
He's a real look at me. He's a real Joker
Oh by the way the Joker I think he was one too
All those Batman characters all faggots
Let's take you call from Davy. Hello
Davy
Hello Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. I got a quote
I want to ask you about the uh I was watching the ESPN 2 coverage of the closing of Maple Leaf Gardens
Yes sir
And I was watching the post game show
Now one mention of number seven 10 Horton
Yeah, I probably because he's dead. Well probably because he's dead but I figured he was
He was watching it on the CBC. He uh his uh post was on there several times several times
Okay, I just want to check that out and I just want to
And you know something yeah the uh small dish by the way
Did they tremendous the service and on the late game the Boston van Covergan they showed the CBC feed
But instead of showing the CBC feed from Toronto of the Leap Chicago game
They showed the black hog telecast what a bunch of idiots there at direct TV man. What a joke
Yeah, the best part of the whole deal was the pregame show and the post game ceremony
Why what a hell are they show the Chicago telecast
Idiots have no idea then you would have seen number seven. Yeah, well there's bad haircut
And his donut and his donuts right uh yeah, I just wanted to ask you about that and uh you know
I was pretty corked off about that
Uh there's no mention of money at ESPN 2 but what do you expect?
Okay, so he's dead you said and have a great day. He's still collecting signatures for Doug McLean though
I'm Tim
Two open lines a day two and brow. This is our last call to kick this audience in the ass today to start the week
I really uh again. I'm so stupid man
It just amazes me every day that I come in here. I'll dumb and naive I am
We get started with that phenomenal a call of a lifetime a call of the century
Perhaps the greatest call like I said in the history of talk radio and it's like
Same usual crap
These people their tongue is tied
Probably to each other's record. That could be the problem five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless live
Here's a lady in hallowedale. Hello. Yes, man. I just want to thank you. I really enjoyed your show today
Uh, since then I keep got it all together and you really help a lot of people
I just you know, I just go around working all the time listening to you. Yeah, and I really appreciate you for what you're doing
What am I doing? Well, you're you might people please besides begging for phone calls. What am I doing?
Well, you're you're telling them the truth about certain situations. Yeah, I think they're all wearing false vices
And I even have one arms to like the Mardi Gras. I think Americans do
I'll go and scare the dogs to the Mardi Gras
Yeah, I think that's what done at the Mardi Gras. Okay, have a great day, sweetheart. Whatever you say. What do you say? She's too much
Reason to Mardi Gras
Okay, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a hialia. Hello
Yo, God. How you doing? Okay. I wanted to ask your opinion about what do you think about Rick Sanchez? He made a few comments
Oh
Even in my heart
I see
You're not being true to me
You're within my soul
I see
What's the matter you used to be? Sometimes I wish I could
Some bad rhyme
Impments to letters amazing
So
In games with
I'm by your side
I'm by your side
I'm in my life
The way
To keep you coming back to me
Everything I do
For you
So what is it that you can't see?
Sometimes I wish I could
And back then
Impossible as it may seem
But I wish I could
So then
Baby
You can't play in games with my heart
It's not a whole new world
My heart is beating
My heart is beating
Your foot is a toll
That's not a toll
My heart is beating
My heart is beating
I'm by your side
I'm by your side
But I know we had
We were so strong
We were only hanging in forever
Oh baby
Baby
Let's just not arise
Let's stop
Tonight
Baby
You can't play there
We're playing in games
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Sometimes I wish I could
And back then
Impossible as it may seem
But I wish I could
So then
Baby
You can't play in games with my heart
It's not a whole new world
My heart is beating
My heart
My heart is beating
Your foot is beating
Your foot is beating
Your foot is beating
Your foot is beating
Your foot is beating
Your foot is beating
Your foot is beating
I'm by your side
You can't play in games with my heart
Okay, it's the 2012-2560 WDQM
all the a backstreet boys all day today
this audience ain't got nothing to say after we have went off to a
assimilating start and just like that big as usual a big gigantic movement
right there on the floor collectively that's what this audience does day after
day and this woman of course he cracks me up I'm doing such a wonderful job of
what a begging for phone calls begging for people to talk to about just about
anything in the world all of these things that's right and they still got
nothing to say I'm gonna tell you one thing that I've determined I mean it's
you know it doesn't take a rocket scientist to see it and that is that the
audience even though they're listening even the ones that like me they're
very uncomfortable about this homosexual thing in fact I guarantee you that if
I was as straight as an arrow I'd have tripled the numbers in this in when
these books come out guaranteed because then there would be no closet audience
so instead of 10 shares and then we'd have 30 shares not that those people
aren't listening but it's a hysteria they're very very uncomfortable then I'm
gonna tell you another thing about that and that is the phonies many of whom
work on this radio station including the ex-Jocks who are in total denial
just just like again another example pros and cons that book even though it's a
different topic on the guy the author calls here on here you know one of the
authors of that book and we've been discussing it on this on this program are
they discussing that on the rest of the station on this port station no no because
it's embarrassing because it doesn't contribute to that jock mentality where
you get to get down on your hands and knees and worship all these a little bit
more on these scumbags and God forbid that any of the ex-Jocks on here on this
station or any other one we'll get on here and talk about all the homosexuality
international football league and all our professional sports just like all
these guys that call in these retired military guys oh no you're dreaming it was
out of that going on right that's right why do you think they call them
semen man oh man I mean you know you can be in denial and it's the all the only
thing it makes you is boring that's what it makes you to me is very boring you
know these guys that get on there talking about the same crap over and over again
like on a sports shows talking about watching golf watching a bunch of guys
hit balls which may quite frankly maybe there's something subliminal there
about that much of guys running around out there whacking balls all over the
place up in the trees you name it into little holes no less what what does that
sound like to you a plate no seriously what does that sound like a place where
a bunch of guys run around sticking balls into a little hole that's a date
club you more on yeah that's what it sounds like to me a lot of polyester
yeah right leave a stir out of this now he's gonna make it into a Jewish
home and vice-member here's a mobile and four Myers hello I know I already
today okay sir you know I just think it's funny I you know far well supposed to
be a religious leader and supposedly trying to do some good in the community
and then they have nothing where do you get that where do the ever said he was
going to do good in the community well you know you would think that he would
try to do some good instead of harping on a little child's cartoon of a
telepathy feeling so threatened that this thing is supposedly yeah because it
carries a bag and it's purple I don't understand the motivation there the
motivation is to make this to perpetuate the scapegoat don't you understand
paranoia that's where guys like him get all their followers from paranoid
delusionary assholes like our first caller this morning I think it's that but
you know all through the years of cartoon I used to watch cartoons growing up
every cartoon character has some type of problem male if you look into the
comedian Paul Rodriguez he touched on it saying that olive oil you know she's
a she's on crack and she's anorexic Elmer foot has a speech impediment
yogi bear more than as a speech impediment we know what that means you know
yogi bear he's a pot smoker because he always has the munchies so I mean you
know what about slowpoke the guys in alcoholics yeah yeah so anyway the other
one to say hi thanks for the call okay now I'll call you again okay to open
lines a day to a grower you're like deadly today this so every time this has
been going on for weeks now every day when I come in I said this is the worst
day in the history of the show and the next day is even worse and worse and
worse and worse it's a lot of the diminishing return oh yeah well you know
let's be not like the other one but we know we know when we see when yeah right
yeah sure you do it's a 130 at 5 60 WQ and by the way that's one reason a lot
of you glamour there will never get to heaven because you're not eating enough
halva and of course once you taste the first the mouthful you'll say oh my
got it taste like cardboard and it does have you ever had halva I had I like
what I had like the chocolate yeah that's normal chocolate halva yeah another
you mentioned it hmm loaded with sugar by the way which I can't eat anymore of
that thanks to my new doctor by the way he's pulling on an enforced diet which
I don't want to go into right now that's I got no choice if I eat even a little
bit of carbohydrates my blood sugar is going to go so high but I don't want to go
into that I do want to ask by the way about the herb teas what's a good herb tea
to flush your drugs out of your system I'm not talking about the recreational
drugs I'm talking about prescription drugs okay George how many knows about the
other stuff what would be a great herb tea to flush all of that crap out of your
system like as fast as possible because that stuff stays in there and stays in
there for like an eternity when in doubt flush it out oh and here's the worst
news I wonder everybody's not talking to us today bad news from the facts
machine it says I know party dialed by buddy knocks is one of your favorite
all these well guess what he's dead he died yesterday of bone cancer he was
66 not anymore well he's in heaven now about what he's singing in heaven now
God need a good old dial time rock and roll singer good old guitar man of
huh he's in heaven now he could go last time for all those games right all those
soccer games buddy not just gonna be singing it at the halftime right here's
a plantation hello Neil God yes sir happy Monday and back to you happy president
taser oh yeah I'm off work today I'm calling wow sitting here reading farewell to
God yeah yeah I got pros and cons sitting there right here he's smoking a bowl
yeah and all as well yeah I'm on and I just gotta call and say hi I don't have
much material but you keep me going okay have a great day pal okay trace that
get the address maybe he's got some good stuff for you we have an open line in
day one and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless one that's our
poll question today can't it's must macho tinky winky or a buddy knocks I guess
it's gonna make it it's kind of irrelevant now it's a move point here's
temper pines hello temper pines hello yes sir hey I've got some Christianity related
ideas to give to you you know I thought you might like it all right what if the
zygote in the version Mary's womb split creating identical twins we have
created Christian polytheism okay here's the homestead hello what the hell is wrong
with that guy what do you know what's wrong with him he's a pseudo intellectual he's
a nine years old God bless him I just done 50 minutes last night hey happy
presidency then back to you and I was watching that interview you were talking
about earlier today we have Henry Harrison day yes exactly I'm a favorite
Clinton about about the young kid you know and this guy is very smart but he's
sad the guy from the little kids from Jacksonville yeah that he's not enjoying
his childhood right he's going up so fast and there's so many things that you
want to enjoy I mean if that kid want to even be watching television it I don't
think so well you know he's this all I think you want to do when you're a
little kid you want to go to the worst bathroom is smoke you know whatever right
and you know enjoy but it's that you know their parents they're pushing him
forward like nothing you know when they should give him a chance you know and
then go to church yeah that would do it okay okay that's a time okay okay
we have a whole lot of day one of bright that's right take away all that stuff in
his brain the problem of anything he's got in that gray matter that rhymes with
game matter 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line we should just
take the first call and just keep playing it over and over again that's what we
ought to do here's Miami hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir happy Monday
you know I got a funny story to tell you real quickly I got two things first of
all number one a while back I was a musician and I didn't even a friend of
my refer me to this band I didn't even know there were Christians who were
so on and so far all he had told me was well they're gonna take the trip down
to San Antonio to New Mexico into California that's it fine we went on the trip
all of a sudden when I first got on the bus all over but your Christians on the
way to San Antonio we broke down over by Oklahoma or passing how could you
rock it you break down it's all right I'm sorry I was it was in Texas I don't
know where it was and we broke down and all of a sudden that's a Satan that was
Satan is doing this to us and you want to so forth of course and then when I've
been in AT&T I told my life I never believed in God and my parents you know at
the house or anything I've never had any saints up or anything of God oh my
God so we get up to we finally we get on the trip we come back to Miami all
of a sudden they were supposed to pay me when I went inside the office the
bishop told me well you're not you're not gonna do for Jesus I said well as far
as I know Jesus doesn't pay my bills right so I thought that was pretty funny
but they were paying for me they didn't pay me for almost a month you know and I
was like two months out of my house and it was like almost like four thousand
dollars and you know I tell you what this was the mission and I have I mean I had
to almost beg and plead to get my money you know and and when I get finally get
my check the check bounces you know maybe maybe they funneled some of it
off to past your lines of their you know that he was only four or five million
you know you know but I'm sure but Neil I don't want I want to protect the
innocent I don't want to say who it was but they're they're very famous and they
shout the people here before really yes they're on seven street of flag
flag with okay flag with 37 okay good luck
and Neil one more thing I was watching the Maple leaves the ceremony on Saturday
what a beautiful ceremony wasn't it it was great let me tell you something a
lot of tears to my eye yeah I'm still a wipe in them you know maybe that was the
game that got me so upset yeah well I agree with you but what they want to
tell you is you know some some Florida hockey fans down here have to really
embrace what happened over the outside of it because you know what I make the
referral what happened when Bees are came down here with Philadelphia I don't
know if you remember that or not yeah better Channing him when he was
doing him yeah exactly you know and I think he wanted he made some saves in that
filling game yesterday oh my goodness that will be on belief there was that
two on one he made a save the life so which nobody has ever seen in their life
did you see it was on overtime it was an overtime and I don't know how that
bug got into it was unbelievable yeah one more thing Neil you know some
people you know when you watch Dougie Gilmore when he played over there back three
four or five years ago yeah and he's on the opposing team and the people are
actually Channing for him there you know some you know some of course he's a hero
there he was the captain he had some great years in Toronto they had those two
great years to the semi finals two year in a row people understand the game
there they appreciate talent they got some class that's one thing about the
fans in Toronto they have class these people have the class without the seal on
it exactly you know and and the reference I'm trying to make is you know if
Bees are he was an icon here South Florida you know he's a wonder he's a
school that we want to really brought hockey up to the table here so well these
people don't want to know from that these people are just a bunch of dodo birds
man all you got to do is sit in that macarena for about a half an hour and you
realize you're in a hockey vacuum most they might as well be having a knitting
session in there exactly well Neil and closing Darrell Sutler God okay see you
suck it in and hold it
I'll just call it you.
I'll just call it you.
Wow.
Wow.
Okay.
It's 11, 43 and 5, 60.
See what I mean?
I mean, I can sit down here at 10 o'clock and I can bring something up and guarantee you,
but you were life on it that I'm not going to get a response on.
I like the thing about the Orthodox Jews on a front page of the Hurled Again this morning
that anti-Semitic rag, making assholes out of themselves again, hate intolerance, stupidity,
ignorance, superstition.
But anyway, speaking of that, by the way, you got a great facts here about the Italian
holotubbies about Winky at Tinky Winky.
Tinky.
He just might be the second coming or Christ according to this facts here.
It says, there's a heterosexual.
I want to thank you, a follow-up for warning us about gay symbology.
We now realize that not only should we avoid the homosexuality of children's TV programs,
tele-tubbies, but we should avoid the gainess of Jesus in the Bible.
It says, Tinky Winky has a triangle shaped antenna.
Jesus represents a third of the triangle of the Trinity.
Christians have used triangles to represent the triad of Father Son Jesus, the Fatherward
Ghost.
The triangle of faith, hope, and charity has been used by many Christian organizations,
not to mention these symbolic representations of the number three throughout the New Testament.
Follow-up sees gainess when the Tinky Winky carries a purse, actually a magic bag.
Yet Jesus commanded his disciples to carry nothing in their purse.
No doubt they were gay too.
And what about the flowing gown and long hair of Jesus portrayed by many Christians, even
though the Bible forbids men to wear long hair?
What about that?
Uh-huh.
Then there is Jesus who never married or had sex with any woman, but lived with twelve men
whom he claimed to love.
I can't imagine anything more gay inspiring it says.
And the on-named disciple whom Jesus loved the most has received many comments from
gays and biblical scholars alike.
Many scholars have commented on the implied homosexual scene in Mark, where Jesus followed
a young man with a linen cast about his naked body, and the young man laid hold on him.
Then he left the linen cloth and fled from them naked.
Ooooo!
And the writings of early Nostec Christians who thought Jesus was a homosexual or a hermaphrodite.
And there were early Christians who practiced sex with young men and worshiped these sacred
semen later banned by the orthodoxy.
Because the Pope wanted it all for himself.
Today with many gay Christian organizations they use Jesus as their gay model.
There only one of two conclusions one can derive from this one.
Jesus is gay.
If purples and triangles are symbols for gain is then the same as told true for Jesus.
And number two, Tinky Winky represents Jesus.
Perhaps this is the second comment.
Ooooo!
Do you like that?
Squirt, Squirt.
Does Tinky Winky represent instrument of God to convert children?
The Bible says, except ye be converted and become as little children, ye shall not enter
the kingdom of heaven.
Does this mean that one must convert to homosexuality and her heaven?
Yes.
Christians remain.
Will Tinky Winky be crucified on a cross?
Will homosexuality become the sexual position of future Christianity?
Should we warn people about purple and triads from Bible churches and children's programs?
Thanks to Jerry Fowell, all straight people should be worn against the homosexuality
of Tinky Winky and Jesus.
Clearly Christianity is meant for only homosexuality.
Yes.
Oh, God.
What do you have to say to that?
People fact in the church.
Yeah, right.
How do you like that?
Here's a lady in tendle.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm one of the lucky ones.
I'm just back from Toronto.
It was wonderful up there.
What a class place.
It was just great to be there with the atmosphere.
I got to go over and have a look at the new air-candidate center, too.
Right.
They had a public open house.
Or did it, really?
Yeah.
Yeah, yesterday morning.
And it was funny.
They had the court set up half for the raptors and half for the ice.
Right.
They had the old facade of the building that was there and incorporated it into the new architecture.
Rather than just fold those, it really fits and it really looks great.
It's so much more room than the garden.
Do you remember trying to make your way down to get something to drink there?
Well, the first time I was there was back in the late 50s.
Right.
And that's when they still had the big picture of the queen up there on the end that Harold Ballard ripped out.
And they had the big pipe organ with the pipes on the walls.
Oh my god.
That was really something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was so amazing.
Just to see all the old guys come trotting out onto the ice.
Yeah.
I'm not glad that it's starting.
Too bad.
There's none of that here.
Yeah.
There isn't.
If they could have a hockey team here for 100 years, none of that will ever exist here.
So true.
And the weather was so refreshing.
I enjoyed every minute of it.
And the exchange rate is great.
What's that to like?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was really fun.
We went to the hockey hall of fame as well and met a couple of players there.
And they couldn't have been nicer.
Just so down to earth.
And you know, just looking around, checking out the trophies like the rest of us.
Right.
It was great.
It was a great night.
Oh, the best.
Except for the score.
Yeah.
It was nothing's perfect.
Yeah.
Right.
I think it maybe was meant to be.
You know, the Hawks won the first game ever played and made the leaves gardens and they won the last game.
But I'll never cheer for them.
Never.
Never I bleed blue.
Okay, sweetheart.
That had a great time.
Yeah.
Take care of you.
And you too.
And say hi to Bill Hewitt.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
As a man is going to have a father.
Because he's out.
The big will help.
Because he's been doing what.
To be a lot of things to do.
When I'm back, I run for things.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
I'm going to throw my money.
Chaotic tractor
He's bad, but he wants us to feel better.
He's sickening all the benghis, he's belching that out over and over again up in heaven for eternity.
I mean, he had a couple of other, you know, that rocky little baby to sleep.
That was kind of like marginal.
And that was the medley of his big smash party doll.
He's just singing that one over and over and over again and having...
Look at that.
There's not a call on the board here today.
Just like I said, when you think you started with a gigantic bang this morning like we
did, that unbelievable call, and then the bottom falls out in this God for a second place.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on a mobile one line.
Do you like chili?
Really hot chili?
Then you should try omales.
Do really fucking hot chili.
That's right, omales.
Do really fucking hot chili is so hot.
It's guaranteed to burn the rough of your fucking mouth or your money back.
Say from the hottest, jalapeno, spices and peppers.
After just one bite, you'll say, wow, that's the hottest fucking chili I've ever tasted.
That's omales.
Do really fucking hot chili.
From the makers of goddamn good judder and ass kick-and-soo.
Pick some up with your fucking grocer today.
Remember, if it's not omales, it's not that...
Fucking hot.
Four minutes after 12 at 5-60 here in the land of walking death.
I said the 22 years ago when I came to this town, I said, this is an outdoor funeral
parlor.
I never realized that no matter what I was talking about the old folks, because that's
why I was talking to one K-80.
It doesn't make any difference what your age is in this town.
The young hour of the walking dead, the middle age, the old, the oldest, the...
They're all the walking dead.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Yes, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I can't help but agree with you 110 percent about most of the people down here being
among the walking dead.
It's craziness.
You go out, you drive in the car, you go out, you have to watch all different five sides
so that some of these inane idiots don't run into it.
It's just absolutely ridiculous.
I'm an ex-New Yorker, so I guess that sort of disqualifies me for having your brain
too, I guess.
Any event?
I just want to call you and say how much I enjoy your show.
Okay, have a great day and nothing to say.
Okay, two open lines in day 5, 6, 7, 05.
They got nothing to say.
I mean, they just been barreling, scraping the bottom of the barrel for months now, just
hanging on by the edge of their teeth.
And they have nothing to say.
Even on Friday, when we had the final vote, we finally got it out of our system.
We regurgitated the Homanica Gate, penis gate thing.
And we count down.
We got the votes on here.
We got the...
Yes.
And we got the...
We still had basically nothing to say.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, it's Chris.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
I'm not a real big Christian, anything, but I do practice a little bit.
But all of the things with...
Can't practice what?
I can't practice what?
I wouldn't, God.
But I don't go as far...
I don't get to start every weekend and everything.
Sort of, Raymond.
Yeah.
But all this stuff with Jerry Fowell, phone, pinky, winky, a big sag and everything.
I don't know where the hell he gets off because, you know, there's going to be gay people
everywhere.
The show's got to help represent the kids with the real world as like, you know.
And I just wanted to say that that I think it's a lot of bull and I don't think he has
the right to...
Even say that the show is wrong or anything.
He's got a right to say any jackass thing he wants to say, but we just as much right
to say he's a jackass.
All right, he's a jackass.
Okay, thank you.
Like I said, okay, open line and Broward, all three and Dave.
But maybe I should come back another day when these people have something to say.
You think that might be a good idea?
Because obviously today is not the day for that.
A little...
Yeah, I really, again, of course the kids are out of school.
Maybe that's a good excuse today.
I thought it would be the other way around.
We even had one guy called a little while ago and said he's off from work today because
his president's day.
But you notice the roads were vacant.
What a great...
There was a high adriving to work this morning.
It was great.
Zipping along like a bad out of hell.
Maybe they all just bailed out.
Maybe they got on American and bailed out.
They didn't have anything to say about that on Friday.
Maybe all the people that are pissed off are still stuck at MIA because they're slowly
but surely now that they threaten them with a $10 million fine, the Appilots Union.
Now all of a sudden they're trickling back a little bit, but there are still thousands
of people hung up.
And they still got nothing to say about that.
I mean, that's not true.
This is the greatest thing that the politicians who have taken over this town could ever
want because they've got a passive, a captive, passive audience no matter what they do to
them.
They'll say, oh, like that.
And that's why it is the way it is.
Open-line and brown are at all three and Dave.
Are these working?
Is this possible that this is going on here today?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
and don't worry about doing a show, okay? Don't worry about making anybody call, about taking any call about people hanging on. Don't worry about that stuff. Get the spot, because we got to make $7 or $8 million a year, just off the top to pay Wayne before we get about paying everybody else.
Come down here to tell me where the top bill or the market to weigh in, we kicked ass in January, and as I was coming to work this morning, I'm thinking to myself, what does that mean? Because look at all the money we have to build just to pay Wayne for these sports franchises.
So Greg can be a sports event all over the country before we start taking care of any real business.
How do you like that? How would you like to have to build $7 million a year just to break even on those sports franchises before even start running a radio station? Anybody want to try that?
No, decriminalize pot in Florida.
What treated you badly? I know that was wrong, like a fist in the ocean, strung me well long. Then I found out the show to some me and I keep saying it over.
You give me a... No.
Blow me!
Okay!
Won't you blow me?
Just come to the top, keep.
No. You can show me what you've got to do. I want to give you a kiss.
Yes, if you blow me, just one kiss.
Blow me!
One kiss, the kiss.
Won't you blow me?
Just one kiss, the kiss.
So happy.
Blow me!
Just one kiss.
One kiss.
Yeah, more I think about it. I'm looking at this depiction of this particular Jesus as he's, you know, always depicted.
Real girly looking guy, you know. Real girly long hair.
Real, and look at the way he's got his hand up in here. You can tell by the guy holds his hand like that.
I can't show you on a radio, but you know what I'm talking about. Kind of like with the limperist. You can tell right off the bat.
That's the faggot. Right, no question about it.
I mean, if Jesus really were like a manly guy, how come they didn't like depicted like Samson?
You know, all those other real macho guys from biblical days. I mean, we didn't have no pictures then either.
But they always depict these people in a certain way. And Samson was like this big, you know, macho.
Of course, once he got the haircut, he was like another pansy.
So when he got the haircut, did that make him a pansy?
Yeah, so.
I mean, that's why Jesus kept along here.
Here's a mobile in the Boyton Beach. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about Jimmy Bowen? I'm sticking with you.
Is he dead?
I don't know. I don't think so.
That was exactly the same time. What a memory.
Yeah, on real like records, right?
Okay, both him and buddy knocks at the same time.
Yeah, you did. You did both at the same time. I'm looking.
Congratulations. Okay, we have two open lines in Broward. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
That's our poll question. Dead or alive. Jimmy Bowens. I'm sticking with you.
I wonder if that's back there somewhere. Maybe I'll look or maybe not.
That was that was a bit like his mesh.
They're in the mood in the mood for music today. I think they're going to be getting a lot of it. That's right.
Music today. I don't want to hear all these bubble my season anymore. This crowd knows it's a bunch of crap.
Here's Lake Worth. Hello.
Lake Worth. Hey, like they have a gun. Neil. Okay.
I'm not in the mood for music. I wanted to talk to you about the closing of Maple Leaf Garden. Yeah.
I'm not I'm not from Toronto. I'm not a Canadian, but I did happen to watch Saturday night.
The ceremony is after the game. And I grew up with hockey in the 60s.
I was born in Baltimore. And the old days me and my brother used to listen to the AM radio.
And that's how we got turned on the hockey so much. One year right after expansion and right after the Toronto Maple Leafs traded at East Shack,
the Pittsburgh. We sent away for tickets and went up there at Maple Leaf Garden.
I don't think the sports fans down here are probably anywhere in the United States can get an idea of, you know,
the relationship between the Toronto Maple Leafs and the city and the team.
I guess the closest thing we would have would be the dolphins.
But overlaid. I mean, since you're probably the only city in the world where you go get off the subway at College Street.
And on the walls of the subway, when you get off there, all these paintings of hockey players and all these pictures,
autographed pictures of great leafs, captains of the past and other players. Right there at the subway stop.
And you're always talking about, you know, the fans down in Florida being, you know, front runners and phone either.
They are. But these are the worst fans.
They call these people sports fans down here as such a mistake. I mean, most of these people would know as sports fans if they stepped on their ass.
But when you think of what Toronto's been through, I mean, they've had many, many great years to be sure like tanky.
But when you think of the, you know, the failures they've had too and what they've had to go through,
when they were in the original six to see expansion to the NHL and then the C teams like the Kansas City Scouts come in.
And the Harold Ballard years when they had, you know, you're talking about almost 70 years of capacity crowd to straight.
Right. I mean, I used to read the hockey news and I'd always turn and look at the attendances and the NHL.
And sure enough, I mean, every game, game after game, it didn't matter how good they were, how bad they were over the years, 16,000.
Because they're real fans. That's what a real fan is. Like, like, I'll be at the arena tonight to see you at the Panther Game even though they're playing San Jose.
And that's what a real fan is. He shows up. Doesn't make any difference who the opponent is.
It was unbelievable. And, you know, since I did grow up in that era, you know, to see guys like Johnny Bauer and people from our family.
Clear the track here. Come Shackie came out there. But I didn't see Davey Keon.
No, he boycotted. He's had some running feud with the organization for many years now.
For whatever the reason he wasn't there, he didn't show up. That's too bad. You'd see who got the biggest applause of all the Maple Leafs past and present.
Ducky Dillmore. They introduced him towards the end.
I saw it. I saw the whole thing. Yeah. And he got a tremendous wave. Tremendous of it.
Yeah, I'm not sure you can compare. I mean, Gerald Siddler got a tremendous celebration. So in Frank Bahavelich and Johnny Bauer, I thought maybe Johnny got the big.
Well, you know, you can't compare them. They all were emotional.
It was, I thought it was. I'm going to tell you who did get the biggest innovation more than any other player than anybody with was Paul Morris, the PA announcer at the beginning.
I don't know if they showed that on the telecast you saw. I missed like the first few minutes.
Right. The very beginning of the ceremony. They had Paul Morris, who's got a bad wig and he's a big fat guy.
But he's been the PA not to the end later on for 40 years. And he got a tremendous salvation.
Well, deserved to one other thing before I go. You think the Panthers are going to trade for an offensive.
My defenseman before the even reading too much. Mike Russo propaganda. The newspapers and the idea about how we needed.
We should have tried to get Brian Barard. Let me tell you, Mike Russo evidently don't watch any other games because Brian Barard's performance with the Leafs.
He's been embarrassing, humiliating at best. He can't play defense. A lick. That's the last thing this organization needs is another defense.
I'm not going to have a great day. Yeah, Mike Russo, another idiotic column in the local papers yesterday.
Another man who doesn't another big fat chubby guy, Mike Russo has no clue what he's writing about.
Open line and day one and Broward, five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one on T.
These so called sports writers and casters in this town. What they should do is like by satellite dish.
And actually see a sports that happen outside of this town so they might have some idea of what they're writing about. I know it's a frightening concept.
Here's Davey. Hello.
Hey, Neil, maybe I missed something, but how does Jerry Falwell know whether an Inky Dinky is a fag or a dike?
I mean, there's most incipit sexless things in the world and how does he know what gender they even are?
Because he probably looked.
Well, and obviously, you know, you talk about putting your own fears and beliefs and you know, whatever hang up front something else.
I mean, he's putting that on a blank slate. Those things are just sexless. He's automatically going to the game.
No, it's not fierce. It's his own instrument of creating hate and of getting more disciples. You have to have a scapegoat.
That's how what Hitler did. That's what Jimmy Baker did. That's what Jerry Falwell does. You have to have a scapegoat.
Last week it was the Jews with the Antichrist. This week he's back to the Gays again with a teletubbies with Tinky Winky.
I think you're right, but that doesn't exclude the fact that he's still a late normal sexual himself.
Could be. There you go.
Okay, there you go. Back to him. Yeah, something like that.
We have an open line and date one and Broward five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
If we had one call about the Orthodox Jews yet, not one.
Is there one not Orthodox Jew out there who's got the hoots, but got the guts to call it and say how reviled and embarrassed they are by the behavior and the stone age mentality of the Orthodox.
Yes. No, do we have one? No. Oh, scared the hell out of me.
No, we don't. I have no idea why unless it's that same thing I mentioned last week.
Oh, we don't want to hear our dirty laundry. We don't want to fight our battles in public. Why not?
That's the stereotype. That's what a lot of these under the rock kind of people think a Jew is.
Is one of those crazy Orthodox out of front page of the paper this morning. That's their idea of a Jew.
Just like that first call of this morning. Oh, when you know they meaning gay people, they they all speak with a list, but they carry the purse.
Right. And then when I say to them, do I have a list? Oh, that that that you know, and that was pretty much the end of the call.
In fact, I'm thinking of most of the gay people that I know and I don't know any gay people who speak with a list.
We have some callers who I'm trying to try to discourage and not because they're not nice people, but because I don't like to perpetuate the stereotype.
We have some flameers out there. You know the one that you're always putting on by the way, because I think you're a not a cool and hater.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I agreed with you most of the time, but I think you've called it wrong. I called it wrong. Okay. Here we go.
I'm the American Airlines strike. Yes, because those pilots are a not striking in the legal manner. And also they're not doing it over anything really substantial. They're just trying to get it.
I said that they were well, you sort of said last week. Let me say it again. Let me clarify my position very clearly.
If I'm the president of American Airlines, if I'm the CEO, I'm going to do when I see a nightmare like this, especially on a holiday weekend Valentine's Day, President's Day, 3 Day Weekends, People's Vacations, being ruined.
I'm going to do whatever it takes to bring it to an immediate halt and get this to the planes running again, especially since as you just said, it wasn't over like a major amount of money.
It wasn't over anything. It was about the pilots in Reno, what they were getting paid. It wasn't over any money for the people. Right. That's exactly.
Well, I mean, the pilots are not negotiating in good faith. I mean, if they were not defending the pilots, I think the pilots who've been calling and sick are rotten hell.
Well, I agree with that. I just wonder why you were saying, you know, American Airlines should be filed down.
Let me say this to you, sir. And that is if I'm the flying public, if I'm a passenger, which I do a lot of flying, as you know, and I've got my vacation plan, which most people can't move them around, can't change their lives, and most people only get like maybe a week or two weeks of vacation a year, unlike some of us.
And in some airlines, excuse me, I don't care what the reasons are. I'm not interested in what the reasons are. I want to fly. I want to get from point A to point B. And if they've got all kinds, let them straighten that out. Okay. But don't destroy my life and my vacation, because you can't get your act together.
But it's the pilots who are doing it. Let me say it again. The public, if you listen to all these interviews, they're doing the airport. You hear one after the other saying, I'll never fly American again. And then they interview the people from American Airlines.
They'll say, oh, people have short memories in the audio. The bull crap people don't have short memories. And as a matter of fact, I'm going to keep reminding them American airline sucks. Okay. I tore up my frequent flyer card on here, which I can fly whatever I want. I can fly Delta or Canada. I can fly continental. You name it. I'll tell you you name the airline. I'll fly it.
But American Airlines, I will not fly it again because I don't want to make a reservation and then show up at the airport and then stand and look up on a screen. Your flight's been canceled and got only knows if we'll ever have a flight for you and probably not an F the end of your good time.
Life is too short. I'm looking at all these hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people in the airports here in all around the country. And their life has been screwed up because some airline can't get their crap together.
Whatever it would have taken, whatever concessions they had to make. And especially since it wasn't this guy admit it wasn't over any big amount of money was because the pilots that were coming in from the Reno airline weren't being started into the proper amount they were getting the sure you know because birds of a feather stick together.
So getting the guy they'm raised. Okay. They're going to wind up losing a hell of a lot more. They've already lost a hell of a lot more than if they would have just paid the other pilots what they wanted.
Just like this place man penny wise and pound foolish just like Q a m just like the beastly greed people man penny wise and pound foolish.
Don't put in any real equipment. Don't give anybody here anything to work with and then look like a jackass every time somebody turns to you for some information.
I mean even with our TV set up here that we got on the wall about the only thing we can ever tell you is.
And only if we feel it. That's right. Only if we can feel it falling like on our head or that's just the ants falling from the ceiling again.
Guy doesn't even have an exterminator has anybody in this business when we worked in surges Michigan there was a bug guy that used to come in at a million years ago.
A bug guy.
Can we even have an exterminator in this place now and believe me I can think of four or five upstairs that need to be exterminated right now.
But I have a heart or a liver.
My dad knocked me out.
He made two and he had me up with him.
When I was your baby man.
I would kill my daddy.
He was my daddy and my dad knocked me over.
I was a small tree.
It's not a medium.
It's a very young dime and I'm a good one to know.
He beat me and beat me and beat me to the hell.
And that's my head and do not.
He's got the end.
Oh, so come on out, so they're gonna let him go
My dad knocked me off
He need you to get it up to me
Tell you the ones who beat it
You'll never hear it knock me in it
My dad knocked me off
Now the dogs are in poverty to assist
You and me we're gonna be hearing a lot more about Jambore
And the weeks and months to come because Lapina skaters over the media's desperate
Let's see what was this fact I just got in all these great facts is today course
There's no response on the audience because they don't understand it
Here's a Nazi photo is two photos showing the Christianity of the Nazis
Momentos of German soldiers before the Christian cross and Hitler's brought army attending church service
All right, let's hear it
Great off, okay, and that good seasons
Other dead rockers of great oldies
Here's Bobby full of the Bobby full of four course
I don't have that record here because we had a lot of to the panthers because every time Paul laws gets in the fight
They play I fought the laws and you know that
He was found beaten and had ingested gasoline. That's right 1966 dead
The guy who sounded like buddy Holly also shared a manager was richy valed
Dead in 206. Well, that was a plane crash for the big father right there
You are funny huh?
Yeah, yeah
You know
Now let me ask you was he an Indian
Richie valedine well Mexican
Well, no, the guy that played him Lou
Skies and I'm in the loop Lou Diamond Phillips now what is he Mexican?
He's not an Indian
Well, he's a two by the way buddy Holly
What's the difference
You
Way you can step on buddy Holly he can't feel it anymore
We have an open-minded Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 we're talking dead rockers, okay?
Because buddy nox died 66 yesterday bone cancer
You ain't gonna be no party doll anymore, but he's in heaven now. Oh
Let's feel good about it for him. Okay. He's in heaven now
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, man. How are you great? I'm calling first lock because I'm going to Cuba tomorrow
You're going to Cuba. Yep. I'm gonna Cuba tomorrow bring you back a cigar
Liberty power
Yeah, I wanted to tell you that how are you gonna do that? Where are you going first? Well?
You're going by way of someplace else going straight going straight. I'm not
Well, I'll stay straight, but you could do whatever you want. Yeah, I will my grandma has family over there
So I'm going with my grandma and me and my husband are going but we're gonna go do the tourist stuff and my grandma's going to go
Stay with our family. Yeah, yeah
They're having a meeting by the tourist stuff. Are you gonna go see the starving Cubans?
Yeah, and we're gonna go and stay in the nice hotels and watch everybody want to eat in there and then we will be eating in their faces
They're including the bird out the window on the van
Exactly and having a cigar convention while we're there great and I wanted to first of all make a request and ask you to please play
Put the lotion in the basket
Yeah, and I wanted to tell you that Paul Bell is a babe
Who?
Paul Bell for a. Oh, Paul Bell. Yeah, uh-huh. We have a seam again. Yeah
Okay, have a good time. Thanks. Say hi to Fidel. I will okay powder that mustache
Okay, maybe she's what it's gonna. We'll like drop the La Bamba on the shoes or powder the mustache do something like that for Fidel
Edagirl sweetheart can't do it fast enough
Then we'll see how many people leave how many people get on those Rick and he been anabot and go back
Open on a date five say Monic Cone come on. Let's hear we haven't heard that one today Monic Cone
Oh, that was great last week. There was the one day. I was I was actually getting a little on the firm side just hearing that the way that guy said it
He was like a real spec he wasn't just your make-belief, but he was like a real honest to God's pick my colon
Oh, I love it. Here's Meribar. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Yeah, it disappoints you but the while I was waiting in son it like the sound is still kind of
Well, I did something there's nothing I can do about it. You know, I keep I keep saying that every day in our engineers too busy a runner-up holiday a ruler
Well, I wanted to tell you this right around with a tape measure
See if you can find it. I heard your comments about Jerry fall on I think there's probably forgot that the one thing that
Christians are supposed to do that I think they forgot about it. What is it supposed to treat the other people the way you'd like
Could be true. No, that's that's it, but that's when I would high-button shoes. That's old stuff and
But there are some things that I'd like to address here about Florida
You know Florida these people are worried about not killing the guys even though they commit the heinous crimes
But you know one thing in Florida's got it's a rare thing for a state one out of 17 only is if you commit a felony in Florida
Yes, you're right to vote
Are extinguished for a life. Oh my god. Wow. Yes. That's true. Whoa. So you're gonna make me think twice
It's called disenfranchisement before I go out and shoot anybody. I'm gonna think twice
Well, what I'm saying is this the once somebody is disenfranchised from the society when they got no say about how things are gonna go
You know, I would think of it alienate them a little
You really you really think that people are gonna go out and commit serious violent crimes
I'm worried about whether they're gonna lose their right to vote. You really believe that?
No, well, you know another thing
About the marijuana thing. Yeah, a lot of these people are getting convicted on these ridiculous marijuana laws getting
And then yeah, they can't vote for the rest of their life because of this you want incident or you know something
Well, I get one issue little sure teach Emma thing or two they won't be growing all those
Two 300 plants at a backyard anymore. Thank God. I just I just think that the Florida needs to really come up
To the you know get themselves into the year
So 21st century. Well, just keep in mind pal. It's the only state shaped like a gigantic penis
So just keep that in mind. Okay, you know what you're gonna get when you come here
We have an open line and date one and brownered five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a prestigious mobile one line
No comments yet on the on the fact it looks very obvious to me that if you can tell what somebody is about there
If you can identify somebody sexuality by their persona by their physical appearance
Jesus was a flamer. I think you know
I've got somebody thanks me one of the pictures and you've seen this a million times
This is pretty generally the way all around the world
Jesus is depicted how I don't know
How do they depict it as somebody who lived two thousand years ago
Based on what?
Well, you know, there's that shroud
And then the shroud don't look anything like this
In fact, has anybody ever seen anything alive? They look like that shroud. No
Huh?
Give me a break. It was a he was like a pencil neck geek if he looked like that. Was he really a pencil neck geek?
Yes
Of course he denied being then let's see was he the one that denied being the Messiah or was he the one that said yes? I am
Huh and what both
But what did money first be denied it then?
Then he said all right. The money Python say that the one who denies it is the one who is it and then if he says he is it you say aha told you
But he was definitely one of those wasn't he one of those? Uh-huh
You're a god and a great way to start your day with Marvin's frosted face. Yes
Now there's a new practice cereal for adults Marvin's frosted face. Yes, you've got frosted corn flakes
Ain't like marv average base. Yes, each lake is lovingly shot with a hot splooge of sugar to frost
Yes, and best of all it's made of corn so it goes through
Yes, oh start your day the climactic way
Ordin's frosted face
Okay, in fact, yes, he is 1244 at 560 QM TNT
Ted Turner hires marv average to do a basketball on TNT anybody worried about that? No
Hey, he likes to rest up. They don't care. Clinton likes blow jobs. They don't care
Maybe it's about time Jerry fell while I got the message, okay?
Here's a mobile and four-lettered ill hello
Yeah, hi, I'm Neil how are you today sir?
I heard him talking a little bit earlier about the orthodox Jews and how they're trying to control the integration
They are the craziest people if you would got to bid drive down their street after friday and night
They lock the street right throw stone to your car
Right start screaming and yelling at you, right and and they are the ones that want to control the immigration policies
So if I was born Jewish and I'm not conservative, they don't want me to come to Israel. Oh, absolutely not
No, because I'm not orthodox enough for them. Let me say it again the greatest anti-Semitism in the world comes from orthodox Jews
If we did not have the Arab war the Jews would have their own war against the other Jews, right?
They don't like their religious following I happen to have a conversation with an interesting Christian woman the other day
Where she told me you know if I don't believe in Jesus?
I won't go to heaven now 47 I will never forget yeah, but I've never heard the head before directly from a person who I thought had a brain sure
Yeah, and she's all the Christians will tell you that all the boy again Christians the only way you can get to have it is
Through Jesus she told me if I don't Jesus is gonna come like a decent a night
To take me
Yeah, yeah, and we're gonna take you I watch myself if I were you I'm not having a co-aggressive some heavy flannel pajamas
Yeah, and then they came up with based on this picture of Jesus that they fact me here. I'd watch yourself like you know like a hawk
Right, I've got a new friend. Of course, naturally they believe in the devil the devil is real right of course is real
Israel, but the funny thing is if I can go a little further. I'm going to the panther game tonight
Yeah, because of you with my family of four. Yeah, and I'm looking forward to the game and I want to say I asked for one thing about the religious thing
I said
Is Hitler forgiven if he asked to be forgiven by Christ? He says well of course, of course, then they all tell you that sure
I said well, you know, I had a rule you do as long as you claim to believe in those bubble mice
You're forgiven which shows you right off the bat. How about what kind of lunacy you're dealing with crazy people sir
You're dealing with lunatics if I get one thing I told her that after somebody kills 2.5 million people that's where I draw them how many people
Well, I know I know I tried about 12 million yeah, but I stopped at 2.5 if I forgive you up to the 2.5 was kidding her about
Yeah, but I want to thank you Neil because I've been listening to you for 20 years
You've been making my afternoons fabulous. I've heard you go from show to show your consistency is great
There's people absolutely right. Okay, I have a great day
Consistently desperate because I'm on here in this town anybody tells me this orthodox you on the front of the hill this morning isn't going
You can you can never read in his lips
Am I right looks like he's saying I from here. No, he's saying boy
Maybe he's going
Yeah, maybe he's doing both
Crazy people with the hats and the payus and the beard and the smelly armpits and the heavy clothing
I bet it's 120 degrees in the shade over there right now
Hope it's you know Jerry fall while he's a good friend of Israel remember the days when he used to come up with that crap the dumb Jews
Oh, yeah, you don't know Jerry fall was a good friend. Yeah, he's got plans or israel baby
Because of course all the Jews no matter what it said the fact got you know
It's also ridiculous. It's also contradictory. You have to be certifiably crazy to believe any of it
The Jews were God chosen people but unless you believe in Jesus you're gonna go to hell well there you go
Another catch 22 I guess
Always screwing us around the snm god of the Jews in the goyam
You can't win for losing with this god damn it
Here's a mobile inform buyer. Hello. I knew how you do it. Okay, sir
I was calling first to ask what you had in your paper about the orthodox
But I think I picked it up from the last call or is reals rift over religion
It's got to picture on the cover then about how the orthodox are like
Having a nervous breakdown over the less orthodox in the supreme court is ruled that the orthodox can't control
immigration there and they can let some of the less from Jews and erud's veterans so on. It's embarrassing
Well, I could go on and on and on so when they went enough some nights you cut me off
No, okay one thing I'd like to put out on the table is that this is in part a political problem as a result of the Israeli
Electoral system because what you had there is a crazy small minority
Up from crazy absolutely about a small minority because of the coalition system and the low threshold of votes
votes they need to get representation in the knesset they hold the rest of the government
By the throw. Jan I know this comes as being very radical
But I think that anybody who lives in Israel by choice is crazy to begin with okay any Jew who goes to Israel to live to be surrounded by their
Mortal enemies whether they're or the orthodox Jews or the the Arabs or anybody else
They got to be crazy in the first place
Well, there's a lot I like about being in Israel, but I'd never want to live there for anything
cuisine
Well actually if you keep kosher to Jerusalem and then in foreign buyers I'll tell you that yeah
That's
But that's our poll question by the way would Jews have a better time in foreign buyers or Israel? Oh, man
That's an easy one
Um
This uh, you know lately the past election they reformed the the system a little bit so that you now get two votes in Israel one for a political party
And one for direct election of the prime minister and they hope that that would alleviate this fourth that ox
Stranglehold and it's actually made it worse because
Uh, they're the reason that that time you haven't gotten and he's very beholden to them and it only strength in their hand
Yeah, so tell him coxal hoises what I say
Coxal hoises are really right, you know, they don't they don't have a monopoly on Jewish authenticity what they have is a
Monopoly with some happy to grant them or what Judaism was like in the 17th century right there
Not really Judaism always evolved over time and was always well there's stuck in Estonians there's stuck in the like the hundreds and that by definition
And I'm excluding from this the modern Orthodox but the black had orthodox are stuck in the 1700s
Where they want to be and they claim that that is the most traditional form of Jewish life and in fact the authentic
Traditional form of Jewish life is for Judaism to evolve the meat the demands of any particular time including the 21st century
I thought it was in the deli is the most that's the most authentic that I know well listen
Zagazunt and happy perm thanks you too. Okay. We have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Yeah, I'm a queue literary to you, baby. That's where it's at give me some good kishki anytime give me some good cheese blinches
Now we're talking good stuff. Give me you know some good bagels. Give me those great
things on forum
commentation
Then you know even the glamour there can be Jewish if you just put aside all that the glisha food and try
Like the stuff we were talking about before
that the cardboard
Halafa two open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line as we
Continue squeezing here. We're squeezing for a good reason
For our lives
Here's Miami. Hello. I do a nail. Okay, sir
I'm a guy couple calls back to say something about Jesus coming as a thief in the night
Well, have you heard the theory of the black Jesus?
Of course, maybe that's related to each other somehow somewhere. Yeah, you know
Every day that goes by it's I never stop to feel even more embarrassed about being a Julio
And I'm gonna give you an example this. I mean I've had a cone
Like a month said say for me one time. Oh, yeah, Maricone. No, there you go. Not bad about two times
That that's called and you know granted I do sound like a Julio. I've got a little Julio's big you know
Affectation the voice a little bit. Yeah, you do you sound like a spec. Yeah, definitely and you know George
Confused with me with one of these little sports apples and whatever
I think it's it's such that these people have nothing better do that the car show instead of calling radio mambi or la cuanissima
And you know, you know screaming Maricone Maricone comorita comorita over there
Yeah, they're doing it on your show. I mean, and they should I mean what's the what's the Jewish word for homo
They should make a segala. Yeah, maybe they should learn that and said maybe a little bit more
Come on. Let's have some jute call in here. They call me fake alive. We're waiting for that. Any other two more things um
Okay, maybe not okay. Have you know what? Yes, sir. Listen, you were talking about um, you know
How these people Jesus this and Jesus that how do we know that Jesus wasn't you know the crush of his time or the man
Of this time like a you know master of illusion or what not maybe the jury follow this time
Amy, you were talking about extermination and start in the in the station. Yeah, maybe you should be careful because we all know that
Okay, he's got it all cute up. He's working on it and the bit too
Two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty animal one line. That was from a good fellows. Am I right?
George from what good fellows? I think so yes
Very good wasn't from no godfather. No, what's some good fellows exterminate. That's a bad word exterminate
Then of course remember when they had to get that deer out of the trunk
Hey, we're hunting out there. They were hunting okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on our mobile one line
Here's a call from locks of hatchy. Hello
Okay, sir
I don't care barely here. Are you on a payphone? I actually have a power in my head
Because there's all kinds of machinery going on. I can't back in bed with you. You're a longer head. Okay. Yeah, that's
Well, so I was talking to those fired up and pissed off of a previous part. Yeah
Uh, a few male that say she was taking up to the island that amount away. Right
I was born there, but raised in the state so like hopefully continue myself and that's American as a next apple pie. Yeah
I'm about to tell that's what this is me out because you people are bunch of idiots because they're
But the one polo that's it better they keep this man in power. I go over there
Give it a moment for the trip. Yeah, they're gonna go to the big hotels and subsidize this
I'm gonna go there. It's like a thousand bucks to fly over. Yeah, mom does over there sometime
And like like my father is out there to go there as long as he's in power. You're still speaking to your mom? Yes, I do
Oh, you know, she gave birth to me
So well, that was only an accident, but you know, these people just don't understand that's what they're doing
All this money's going to him right
You know, one of these people get you know, don't go
Well, let's do a voodoo curse. Let's show a chicken on the front lawn just to get in with that
You know, people that are there
They're spectacular because they were forwarded in the beginning now they're all sorry. Hey, how are you?
Are we for dirtie?
Okay, well, that was an accident, but nobody got hurt
We have an open-ended broward that line was from the godfather by the way, Josh Friedman had to call him remind us
It was when that was clemenza when they were going mattress hunting poorly. Oh, yeah. Oh, Pauli won't see him no more
You're good close personal friend Josh Friedman called you to write. I can't believe he speaks to you. Well, I guess in his case he can't be choosy, huh?
1256 and 560 wqa. I mean, Pauli won't see him no more. He ain't feeling they're good
That commensor thank god he had like a weak bladder. You know how to keep getting out to take a leak
Well, that's the thing by the way
You notice they're all upset about the homeless thing about how if the homeless shelters are all full
The homeless people it's legal for them in Miami to take a leak in public
See, I'm asking myself if they can take a leak in public and they take a
In public too
Because it would seem to me if they have to take a you know, they'd probably go into a lechemic donals or somewhere
So fast food joints are great for taking a good or even a good squirt squirt
So instead of taking a leak in public away to McDonald's or Burger King or Wendy's Quartz Quartz
Yeah
In fact, I think we got to start building a lot more fast food joints in the homeless parts of town where they got all the homeless people stuck in there so they can
Quartz Quartz and even that yeah, not out there in the street
Like what like a Billy Carter. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
��� round
There's no
In
You're asking the panel, like that, that's all.
Oh my, that's all, I'm asking.
Hey, I see that's all, yeah.
Two, three, I see that's all, yeah.
Oh, yeah, I see that's all, yeah.
Oh, it's one of one at five, fifty course, we had a nice brisket.
By the way, the guy that brought the brisket and all that stuff that day stopped by at the
hockey game two weeks ago.
It said, yeah, it's too bad you didn't get any.
I said, yeah, and the brisket too.
Two open lines and day five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
I mean, you look at the picture.
First of all, there's two different rallies going on over there in Jerusalem.
One on the inside of the hill, you look at the inside page and these are the non-orthodox,
fifty thousand secular Jews holding their demonstration in downtown Jerusalem, supporting
the Israeli Supreme Court rulings to roll back Orthodox, implement the Nareels of Civil
Law.
But on the front page, of course, they got to show the stereotypical, the Hatsidim, the
real from the crazy Orthodox.
Now, you notice the difference on the inside page where they have the secular Jews, nobody's
wearing no smitas on their head, how do you like that?
But on the front page, it looked like something out of the goddamn Stone Age.
Oh, by the way.
Hello, baby.
He's dead too.
Well, it was on the same disc I figured a big bopper ought to get like a word or two,
middle of his mash.
Here's a lady mobile in Bokeh, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Um, I, not to bring up an issue that you've already gone over, but I'd like to tell you,
I really agree with you on American Airlines, um, situation.
Right.
And, um, I'd like to know if I could point out a couple things.
One is that it's not just about money, it's about flying the slides and the pilots want
to fly the Renault Air Route, but because they have the cheap labor flying them, they're
not letting us do that.
Um, and that's something we have to work out that something the company says they want
to work out that they haven't.
And that's where, um, the problem, I believe, lays.
And so that's why everybody's standing in the airport watching their vacation times
slip away.
Exactly, but also, side of time, if I'm watching their paychecks slip away because the
flight attendants do not fly a certain amount of hours, they get paid next to nothing.
So in the situation is a loose, loose situation right now for everyone.
And I do support the union.
I support my union.
I walk a ticket line.
And I feel very strongly, however, I don't feel this was handled well on both sides.
Um, of the situation.
And I agree with you totally that if it is a problem, it's got to be fixed and management
should be able to fix this.
Right.
And, uh, but anyway, that's the only one I wanted to point out was that, um, the passengers
are not the only one suffering.
Other employees are suffering at this time.
Okay, good luck.
Thanks.
Okay, bye bye.
There you go right from the horses from the inside.
We have an open line at Broward to and date five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on
the AT&T wireless line.
So let me say it again, when you're sitting there in the airport and you've been sitting
there for 48 hours and you watch your vacation time and your life slipping away, you're not
interested in the glory details.
You don't care if it's this one's fault.
If it's that one's fault, all you know is that you're being screwed over that you've paid
a hell of a lot of money because there ain't no bargains on airlines anymore.
You've paid an arm and four legs.
So you might be able to go and have a good time.
Where the hell are you supposed to be going?
Well, there are people who were gone away to their merit to get married.
Like in the islands.
And of course, why anybody wants to go to the islands for the life of me, I can't figure
out.
Yeah, but nevertheless, that's their that's their option.
This is my wedding because I'm sitting in the airport with some guy said probably the best
damn thing that ever happened to him.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, you're doing it.
Okay, sir.
You're like your first call this morning, the best one that'll be all year.
Yeah.
The one number three spots on that call too, right?
No, nothing.
Well, see, you blew it right off the bat because I did like everybody else that George
said fatso was on and I flipped it over to encore and I started watching it.
Watching it and listening to you at the same time.
That's a good excuse.
And about five minutes after they said that was the scene with the jelly donut and all
that funny tune.
Yeah, I've never seen I've never saw that movie.
Really?
As old as it is.
And the reason why I called, but I thought I'd hold on right at the board.
I like luxury and cook.
Yeah.
Well, as when they said exterminating, you said good fellows and I almost felt it before.
I think you're slipping.
I'm slipping.
The donut is slipping.
You're slipping.
You got a great show, Neil.
A great day.
See, I don't remember it.
I mean, just vaguely, I can remember Clementsa saying it, you know, but I just can't
remember at what point he said it.
Oh, exterminate.
Oh, do you?
That's a bad word to use about here.
It's terminate.
That was definitely Clementsa.
Big fat Clementsa.
Okay.
I'm going to lose a county five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless
line.
And a real gut wrenching a gut twisted today.
But I sure hope you enjoyed that.
So let's just play that whole feeding friends.
The over and over again.
We'll play that back to back with that hockey night and Canada thing that they cooked up
for the closing game on Saturday and they believe gardens will just play those back
to back.
We'll piggyback him.
Speaking of that, Hank Goldberg at two, Luke Shamby, who's bigger than Hank and
they put together.
Oh, that's that was the best line of the century, by the way.
Joe Costello is in here this morning and for whatever reason we all start talking about
how fat this places, all the fat people are working this joint.
And I mentioned about how booge since I saw him briefly a couple of days ago has ballooned
up to enormous size since I had seen him a few months ago.
And Joe says, yeah, but he's working out and we all went.
Yeah, everybody in the building, even people on different floors.
So like, he's working out.
He's working out.
He's working out.
He's working out.
He's working out.
He's working out.
He's working out.
I'm thinking.
Man, you can see this guy.
Seriously, me, Hank and the Will the Beast put together.
Don't constitute one, Luke Shamby.
He's a monster.
He'll be long at six.
He's breathing heavy.
Not because he's looking at exciting people in the ring just that he can barely breathe.
He's choking on his own fat.
And at seven o'clock, we got Kelti with a pregame show.
Panthers in the San Jose Sharks, 7.30 tonight.
Anybody know who that team is?
No.
Any interest at all?
Pavel Burr is not playing the interest.
No.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
I'm a whole deal too, by the way.
Yes.
So I mean, I may sound like one.
I may not.
But part about, yeah, when you said that that wasn't good to fellas, that wasn't the Godfather.
Yeah, sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, you remember now.
No, remember now.
Okay.
Good.
Good.
That's all I wanted to point out.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
Thank you.
And there's no fact in the church.
We know.
By the way, do you know George, that was in Godfather when they were going to the mattresses?
Oh, Lee Chow.
Aaron's coming.
We've got a video six pack and every way down.
It's a way of keeping Robert's up and toss the way that he had a grow in keeping that
work just for people, merciless.
But it's like shiny broadcast towers.
Do you want me, Horus, energetic, Robert, offers food?
Who's supposed to be a pistol but turned out to be a gun?
But it's like, but it's like, but it's like shiny broadcast towers.
Do you want me, Horus, energetic, profit offers food?
I'm not going to be a dog.
But when it comes time to time to start it's fine.
It turns the safety space through the wall.
Jesus Christ is kind of Christian.
You could ever find a couple thousand people just licking his behind.
And then he plays with my wrist on the kind of loose like almost blood.
But it's blood, but it's blood.
Don't have a bone spot.
I'm dying out of here.
It's like throwing a lot of fire at the ground.
But it's calling a flame, but it doesn't know the score.
And when Wayne runs out of garbage, but he'll go and make some more.
Who mismanaged amounts of media and make him in his mud?
Butter, butter, butter.
He's got way too many things to own and oversee which he calls on
some of the most important things in the world.
And then he's got a lot of things to do.
And then he's got a lot of things to do.
He's got a lot of things to do.
He's got a lot of things to do.
He's got a lot of things to do.
He's got a lot of things to do.
In other words, if you watch Teletubbies, will it make you gay?
Yes, your children all be a star, where all the guys, all the little kids,
they'll be walking around with a purse.
They'll start talking, but like real fly away, it's all over the place.
Because you know how they talk, don't you?
Yes.
He was beautiful.
He was perfect.
If you wanted to have the stereotypical right wing religious automaton bigot,
there was that guy, poster child, first stupidity.
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I just got back from Amsterdam last week.
I was thinking about you over there.
It was great.
Yeah, I'm on.
I never had a chance to go anywhere out of the country except the Bahamas.
I had invited and jumped on it and boy was it great.
In other words, you've been to the Bahamas and I'm stood on.
That's a tough choice.
Well, I like the Bahamas.
I really like it over there.
Do you think there's a comparison between going to the Bahamas and the Bahamas?
Absolutely not.
Oh, I'm just thinking of when I got over there, we were kind of disoriented and lost.
Everybody was so nice and helpful and here's where you change your money and here's the train.
We hopped on the train.
Right.
It was great.
We had a super time over there.
I got my shoes messed up a couple times.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, they had only a little in the streets.
The only complaint.
The rest of it was fabulous.
Everybody was great.
We get back home and get off the plane and the train to make our connection.
Are you waiting on Northwest?
Yeah.
My brother and I worked with them so I went for a good fare and all that.
But the dog grabbed him when he got off the plane.
He had nothing on him.
We had some smell from being in the coffee shops or whatever.
Maybe he was walking in that street and the dog recognized it.
45 minutes.
They searched him from top to bottom inside outside which believed he had a ballpoint pen on him.
They opened the pen to look inside the pen.
Checking and how is embarrassed.
You know what kind of nut is he?
Does he look like a drug addict or something?
No, but what are you going to find in a pen?
That's going to hurt anybody or affect anyone.
James Bond, he'll tell you.
I mean, unbelievable.
Right.
Then we have to get into a mini bus to transfer to another terminal and the first thing you hear is,
hey, get to the back.
I can't leave till we get much every bit.
And I think, you know, what a difference.
There's people on that plane that aren't from this country and that's their first experience compared to mine over there.
Welcome to America.
Yeah.
Something else.
But it was great. Thanks for the recommendations.
Okay, glad you had a good time.
Okay, man. Bye-bye.
Okay, there's a guy who says the Amsterdam may have the Bahamas beaten by just a little bit.
It's nip and tuck.
It's real close right down to the wire.
Yeah, man.
We have an open line at day 200 of men, Fort Myers and Palm Beach and et cetera.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Getting close to the end again.
Close to some music.
Here's Sport Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
How are you, Neil?
Okay.
Good. I'm glad to hear that.
I just want to tell you that I'm just another person pissed off at American Airlines.
And I'm not a big flying fan myself anyways.
But I did have a very close friend who I used to, his father used to pilot for heaster in the middle of the airline.
Yes.
Way back when.
And I'm telling you, as a guy that's my judge, Neil, this guy was a raving alcoholic.
So I'm not a big fan of flying anyways, but I got to tell you that, you know,
I, these guys get paid a lot of money to do what they do and they should be up in the air and they should be flying people where they want to go.
Amen.
Thank you.
Just say no to American.
That's our model on this show.
Just say no to American Airlines.
Okay.
It's not complicated.
Okay. One call left on the board.
Any interest here in this last 41 minutes?
Any interest at all?
No.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
We may have to crack out those pantheros, sanos 8 tickets.
You know what?
I have to crack those out.
It's like a desperation movie to get this crowd back on their off their ass again.
Man, you talk about lethargy.
You talk about indifference.
You talk about squeezing and prodding and kicking in the big fat.
Braco man.
These people are brutal today.
Man, why is this day any different from any other day on the show?
It's not.
You might think it's going to be, but it's not.
Here's a mobile in Miami Lakes.
Hello.
But nearly.
Yes, sir.
Hey, talking about the homeless.
They can go in public if the shelters are full.
Right.
They can work for the industry.
And being one of the guys on the road, you know, you get a lot of on the road business people, sales people.
You know, they rely on you on the radio.
They rely on gas stations.
They rely on fast food places.
Right.
Well, I pull over.
You use a bit restroom and a gas station.
I just pull in.
You said, if I get a soda or something, maybe if I need gas, I'll do that too.
I just needed to use the restroom.
And there was no purchase made.
Right.
There's about five employees in there.
Two stock and shelves and two behind the register.
Excuse me.
Is the restroom opened or do I need a key?
I'm sorry.
A restroom is out of service.
I said, I look at them and then I put them on the spot.
Well, we're at all you four go to the restroom when you need to go.
And she just shrugged her shoulders and laughs.
She's on the floor, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, if your homeless shelter is full, you can go outside with me.
Come on out.
Okay.
Have a good time, pal.
Squirt, squirt.
Wow.
How do you like that?
See, and why do they do that at gas stations?
I mean, during the daytime, I can understand at night they don't want no drifters, deadbeats, drug dealing, you know, in the turlits.
And why do they do that?
Why do they have to lock the guy?
No, seriously, why do they lock the restrooms?
Crime scene.
In the daytime?
Sure.
The mugger's hide and installs.
Oh, get out of here.
The mugger's hide and the stalls.
Maybe the, uh, maybe the toilet police, the glory hole police might be hiding the stalls.
Just that's the excuse that I heard about you going to McDonald's.
They don't lock the tea room.
You go to Burger King.
You go to Wendy's.
Kentucky fried.
Maybe a top five.
They're too.
What about churches?
Chicken.
Do you think they lock the turlits?
Open line and Broward, too.
And date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty.
In fact, that ought to be the law.
I mean, let's face it, there are times when nature calls.
You got to go.
A guy I sure know that.
Man.
I remember like it was only yesterday.
I could still smell it.
Nature calls.
I think that ought to be like a man.
That's one of the most important laws.
We got too many laws in this country.
But there's one that's not on the books and should be.
You've got a restroom in your joint.
It should be open to the public.
And if they don't happen to make a purchase of that boy, too bad.
You got to go.
You got to go.
Christ.
Even he probably had a go now and then.
Here's a mobile in the keys.
Hello.
Mobile in the keys.
Going once.
Well, maybe they had a go.
Here's a mobile in four buyers.
Hello.
Yes, man.
Hey, I want to end this problem with you to make as an a haste on your show right now.
You want to do one?
And this squabble between the haste and Jamaican.
Yeah, man.
The Jamaican is the lactation because they believe in a brutal garbage, which does not work, obviously.
But I want to say that if any haste can prove to me that it works, by making new arranges have diarrhea any day this week.
This day of work.
Yeah.
That we will believe them and everything will be cool.
Okay.
But you'll be here Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, right?
We'll see.
We got for fish food.
Time will tell.
No more fish food for this kid.
I'm off for sugar because my doctor, I see these doctors don't know anything any of them.
They don't, I have no faith in doctors.
Any of them.
Okay, I hate to say that.
They know nothing.
They guess it's not that best guest theory.
In fact, if you look at the medical books, it'll say best guess.
Well, I understand that you can't like diagnose everything, especially by looking at somebody's face by shaking their hand and saying how you doing?
How do I feel?
But I just, I have no faith in them.
I don't believe.
Like, for example, when somebody tells me, well, you know, it's going to take you a couple days for that.
Adelaide to get out of your system.
And now here it is 10 days later.
Is it out of my system?
No.
I mean, every day is a slow, real slow, a little better, but still some of the same side effects.
No.
In the meantime, I got the new blood pressure drug, which totally, the, it totally makes useless.
My glionase that I take for diabetes.
And also, and also it raises your blood sugar, which he knows, and it also makes your blood sugar medication useless.
So between the two of them three, four days ago, I'm waking up in the morning.
My blood sugar is like 226, 195.
It's terrible.
And you can't take the pill because it's been rendered useless.
Oh, in a few days, don't worry your body adjust to it.
So now I'm on what you call the enforced actin.
I mean, if I even inhaled the carbohydrate right now, my sugar would go skyrocketing up.
And I couldn't bring it down only a time. I'd have to fast for like a day.
So I'm on his great enforced diet now.
Right, Dr.?
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
I'm leaving tomorrow for Vegas.
And I'm not flying America. I'm flying Delta.
Luckily.
All right.
Yeah.
And I just wanted to know, where's the best place out there to throw away my money?
I've heard you talk about the MGM.
Probably in the casino would be good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But do you like the MGM, don't you?
Well, there's no such thing as the best place to throw away your money.
Wherever you go and have a good time, that's a good place.
Just don't go to the Rio Suite.
Some of the people in this station for some reason, maybe they're getting a Schmierer offer or something.
The Rio blows, okay?
Yeah.
Don't go on it.
It's way off the beaten path anyway.
It's off the strip.
They treat you like garbage.
And they don't go in the Rio Suite.
It sucks.
Okay.
What about the show?
They could show it out there.
It's a great show.
I don't go to shows.
But every major casino has got great shows.
See when you go, when you check into your place, there'll be on the table in your room.
There'll be a book with it.
It'll show you all who's playing at which place, et cetera.
You go down, you talk to the confiers, you get tickets to whatever you want to say.
Okay.
Thanks, Dale.
You have a great time, pal.
All right.
Very lucky.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, different strokes for different folks.
Some people like a marginal garbage places that are way off the beaten path.
I don't.
I happen to like a being on the strip being continued to wherever all the action is and seeing all the good places.
And that's what I like.
If you want to be like a mile off where they treat you like garbage, where, you know, the casino is like,
it can seem like a phone booth, like this studio, the casino in the real sweets.
It blows.
Where you crunch back in.
First of all, it's first of all, it's first of all, it's real.
Now the folks depends on you.
And the powers you possess.
Think you say this life would just like to their life.
He's got a job for you to do.
First of all, you have a brand new style too.
We love the way you plot your doom.
With the big B on your chest and through the light, just spending those tomorrow's friends.
And the bad guys try to help when the building starts to fall.
And the bad guys try to help when the building starts to fall.
And the bad guys try to help when the building starts to fall.
Well, 30 at 560 WQN, the Hank Glover show at Schulis State 2.
And to a clock, we got books through a 6-free game at 7 Panthers in the San Jose Sharks.
Any interest in that San Jose game with a Panthers night?
No.
735 at a Macarena. Any interest at all?
No.
Anyway, somebody thanks us as this, which we have great interest in because it's from our good friend Dr. Jim Kennedy.
The Groverage Presbyterian Church.
Who never made a scapegoat they didn't like.
Dear friend, this is a copy of a letter that James Kennedy is sending out.
Dear friend, and by the way, Dr. Kennedy, we've got spies in your organization, okay?
And we know about that guy that plays the organ.
Guess what, Dr. Jim?
Then at the oldy organ he's dealing with.
But anyway, it says, dear friend, perhaps you've already felt the birth pangs of a new millennium.
Anticipation is in the air.
Maybe you've even asked, where is America headed and can I make a difference?
I believe you can make a difference.
In fact, Christians like you, foot soldiers serving our Lord and every community are the key to America's future.
That's why I invite you to join me and dozens of the most respected Christian leaders
at reclaiming America for Christ 99 in Fort Lauderdale, February 26th to 28th.
These three inspiring days will equip you to influence a local election.
Defend the unborn.
Protect your community from pornography.
Reach the lost for Christ.
Whatever God leads you to do.
Reach the lost for Christ.
The new millennium beckons, we must boldly take action.
If we ever lose this truly historic opportunity to reclaim our nation.
Now is the time planned to join the Infabory Dr. James Kennedy.
There's a picture of that smiling obnoxious sanctimonious push with his flowing robes
and his multi-million dollar organization and his satellite network, and so on.
Take back our nation, this Christian nation, the Gaiash nation.
I guess that's the choice.
I guess that's what it's going to be.
It's either going to be queer nation or Gaiash nation.
Those are the only choices.
Here's Pemberpine.
Tell us.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
First of all, happy birthday to me yesterday.
Yeah.
Number one.
Second, I guess you and I are the only two non-listing fags in the country.
Is that it?
Speak for yourself, Pat.
Oh, okay.
Well, you know, I guess all those guys I slept with, it was just for what controversy or what?
I mean, what's the deal there?
The guy was wonderful.
The tea room report.
McDonald's, Rower Boulevard, downtown Fort Lauderdale, blocks the tea room.
Well, it's probably because you're hanging out there.
We have an open line in Broward, all three and day in 5, 6, 7, they know.
Oh, they know exactly what you're doing, the nurse, sir.
You're looking for glory holes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got 26 minutes to go.
It's going to be right out of the wire today.
Can we do it?
Oh, I don't think so.
This crowdman, they're emaciated.
They've lost a chechic to do this anymore.
They just can't get it up, even to get to the phone and dial the numbers.
We're paying for it and they still can't do it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 0, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We always got...
Here's Tamara, hello.
I'm new.
I'm Dean and you're at this bag.
Okay, thank you so much.
Oh, that's right.
The kids are out of school today.
They're paying the S little kids.
At least they made the effort to have daddy call.
Oh, yeah, he didn't call.
We always appreciate those parents that call.
Have George put you on hold and put your punky little opinion as kids on here.
Too bad your kid didn't watch that 60 minutes piece last night with that nine-year-old genius
and see what smart kids are really all about.
Okay, down to one call.
Oh, boy.
You see how God punishes me for this?
Boy, does he work in mysterious ways or what?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Any idea how I do it today?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, a question for you please.
I'll start around this you show.
You shot down to Rio.
Pretty hard.
I just made reservations out there for late March, really April.
Go somewhere else.
Go someplace else.
The Rio sucks.
As far as anything.
It's a crap place, okay?
If you want to go there for the buffet, which I have no idea why you go there for the buffet when you go to the buffet.
If you want to go there, you can go it off the street, but you don't want to stay there.
Because you know, blows.
They're rooting there.
They're crap.
You know what?
If one person treats me rudely in Vegas, I know I'm never going to go back there again.
Because there are too many places where they treat you great in Vegas.
Why would you go to a place where they treat you like garbage?
Never ever.
Why base this whole thing on that?
You ever pick up the gaming magazine and the local cigar shops or anything?
No.
They raised about the Rio.
See, it's like the famous, I mean, yeah, the, I mean, the, the, the, the, the, the Rascal House.
And it's like the Rascal House.
No, you're not listening to me.
It's like the Rascal House and the forge and all these others at Joe Stone Crab's, all these state of mind places.
Okay.
That they were people, people were rave about them, but you go there.
It's nothing special.
It's absolutely nothing.
It's a state of mind.
Oh, I get it.
No, no, seriously, if you want to go there, I'm sure that other people on the station would say, oh, the Rio is great.
We had a great time.
Fine, check it out.
But you know something.
The MGM is a thousand times better.
A Mariah Caesar's, I mean, a blog deal.
There's a big in place to go.
Why would you want to go to a place that's off the beaten path anyway?
Ah, truthfully, I mean, like I said, I've been there a bag of a few times.
You know, going out there, I got the honeymoon suite.
I get, you know, I'd buy a bunch of...
But why do you want to stay at a place that's off the strip?
What's the point?
Ah, there is no point.
I've got, you know, what am I going to do?
It's gone, it's gone.
Even the imperial palace, which to me is a dump, but even that place is so gravely low.
Now you're killing me.
No, but I'm just saying, even that place is strategically located.
It's right in the middle of the strip.
You can, I mean, you can sleep anywhere.
I mean, no place is going to give you crappy rooms.
Maybe some of the real old rooms in the start of us, you want to stay in that little place.
But you stay at almost any casino, the rooms are going to be okay.
What are you going to do there except sleep?
Yeah, right?
You're going to go out and about plunging your brains out.
You're right.
We'll go this way.
The worst thing in Vegas is still better than the best thing here in the world.
Well, that's where damn you're even out on the street, right?
Have a great time, pal.
Take care.
Okay, see, I feel bad about that because I know other people are like,
oh, you had one lousy experience in your bed.
That's right.
That's right.
That was my experience.
It's like, if I fly in an airline one time for the first time and they treat me like crap
and it's a real, you know, they're way late in the food is garbage and they treat you like,
I'm not going to try it again.
I'm not going to say, oh, boy, you know, I just want to have a bad experience.
I'm not going to try it again.
There are too many other choices.
There are too many other alternatives.
And in Vegas, there's a zillion different alternatives.
Most of them right there on the strip.
I mean, I run a car every time I go there, but what do I want to stay off the strip?
No.
Of course not.
I mean, you're at the MGM.
You walk across the street to the Trapper, Canada, or you can walk over to New York, New York,
or next door to Belagio.
You can go anywhere.
But when you stand at what, I mean, I like palestation for gambling,
which is like a mile off the strip.
It's a good place to go.
They got a good buffet.
They got a great breakfast joint in there in palestation.
But do I want to stay there?
No.
Of course not.
Don't know what I want to stay there for.
See if you're smart, not dumb, like Frater, if you're smart.
You rent a car, you valet park at any casino you go to,
and then you go in there for however long you want.
You come out, you smear the guy a couple of bucks, you get your car, and you go wherever you want.
That's the way to do it.
Or if you're too cheap to even do that, you're self-parked.
Anyplace you want to go.
I mean, what's, what's the problem?
What's the mystery?
Oh, the Rio, it's great.
Okay.
I want to throw up just thinking about it.
Just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just,
just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just,
just, tell me what your problem is.
On the gooo, ship, on this dot, it's the slave ship, and it's very hot,
when you roll all day, it's the one you want to back with change.
It's the wooden ship, and it smells a lot like an art,
it's all about eight bucks, and it's too diabinsied.
They throw the body in this heat.
Fish in the holes of toilet, full of thorns, and longings are rad,
and if you can't play it, oh no, white debris to its rusty,
so it's a slave ship, they don't have no food,
when you can see, see, they feed it back to you, life is very hot,
but it's a good chick, mother's dad.
144 or 560 WQM on a great Monday, boy, we're almost up to poor him,
or it's present, by the way, it's presidency, how can we add any talk about that today?
No.
No.
President's day, why aren't we all whipped up and pissed off about that?
I'm not.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
I could agree with you more about Vegas.
I think those magazines that you have out there,
just like down here, you know, the best restaurant,
the best list, the best of that,
is whoever pays.
Whoever smears the most, right?
MGM is the place to be.
I agree.
I would never stay anyplace else unless I couldn't get in there,
if they were booked up or something.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
If I did have a bad experience, I'd check out them, go to that,
go somewhere else.
Sure.
I mean, you have to have a range of dangerous, but I mean, come on.
You're paying good money to be out there.
They love you when you're out there.
I've never had a bad time.
And then...
And this is the guy who says he's been out there a couple of times already.
But if you've already been out there, you see where the Rio is.
Why does anybody want to stay there?
Well, what's the point?
What's the benefit of staying that far?
I mean, can you walk anywhere from there?
Of course not.
And the way to do is, like you said, you get the car, you know,
$30, $40, $50, or whatever.
You know, whatever you want to get.
You can get a little crappy car.
You're a smender, you're a smender.
You're better off to this.
You get a crappy car.
You get a little crappy car.
You go on the back streets, call the lane, whatever those streets are.
About the mountains.
Right.
A few doobs, whatever.
And you're going to do it.
And what's with Kerry Murray?
Let me ask you if Pavel is waiting.
Is he going to bench him?
I mean, what is this guy's problem?
The problem is he's in jackass.
Okay.
He's got nothing.
He thinks he's a Sunday school teacher.
He's a kindergarten teacher.
He's not a hockey coach.
He never will be here.
They finally bring Mark Perish back after the emoting of the minors,
which is a mistaken of his place.
He's playing out of his mind.
He's one of the few guys left in the line up,
who actually is a danger to score for.
He's playing great.
Oh, well, gee.
And of course, when you look at the extended waiting circumstances,
if you read the story, he never got the wake up call.
He got a call from a Brett Hediken, who had got up early,
his roommate to go to the doctor, because he got the eye thing.
So he calls him and he seems that he's still there,
wakes him up, and he jumps into the cabs.
And I'll probably beat the team bus to the right.
But he goes to the wrong arena, okay, to practice.
He doesn't look much at you.
A lot of life is in Ottawa.
Not like in Tennessee.
But like in Tennessee, he got there late.
And it's spider that holds him to excuses.
And Terry Murray is an asshole.
A lot of people are just like a simple team in a single file order,
and they all go on a bus together and hold hands,
that's where they get it.
I mean, you know, I coax him.
He even stiffed his brother.
Did you read that to bus the day before?
He was about Brian.
I got the bus left early before Brian thought,
and he had to pay 40 bucks for a cab to go to the arena,
because Terry is such a jackass.
You know what, it is.
I coach a bunch of high school kids,
and if I even try to pull that crap on them,
they're like,
I'm going to play for you.
You know, I'll screw you up.
They're going to screw off.
Hey, can I get that goldie bit?
Okay.
Thank you.
Well, it's short and sweet to the point.
I think he just means...
Go, re-hide the line!
Yeah, that's what he meant.
Okay, we have an open line of Broward to a date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 0.5, 60.
And let me say this again.
Okay, I mean, whatever you like, you like.
If you like vanilla ice cream, that's fine.
But if you go to Vegas,
and you're one of those people,
that's such a pig,
that that's the main thing you go for.
You can eat here.
There's all kinds of food here.
You want to go to buffet, go to Emerald Coast.
You want a great steak, go to Ruth's Quiz.
Go wherever you like.
But I mean, people that stand online for 45 minutes
or an hour and a half in these buffet lines,
well, they could be losing their money
and have it a great time.
I don't understand that.
To each its own,
and lots of people do it, believe me.
But when you go to the MGM,
or the Mirage, a lot of those places,
unless you pick a really bizarre time
or you just have it to be lucky,
you've got to be crazy to waste that much time
standing in line for buffet.
I've never been able to understand people
that take thousands of dollars
and are perfectly willing to lose it in Vegas.
But they'll stand online for an hour and a half
to get a $5.95 or a $10 buffet
so they can pick out.
Well, what's the logic in that?
Huh?
I mean, there's lots of great expensive restaurants out there.
Why not, you know, gamble $100 less
and go out and have a great dinner for two?
They're great cheap restaurants.
Yes, there are. There's all air be kind of food
out of the sun out there.
But the notion of standing online for the buffet
for like an hour and two hours and just standing,
how can you do it?
I look at those people.
They remind me of the old people standing in line
at the Radsco House.
All they need is the little bag with the dill pickles
and the course law inside
and they'd be a match made in purgatory.
Here's a mobile and four-lettered ale.
Hello?
Male.
Yes, sir.
Is this male?
Speaking.
My collar 10?
Yeah, you're collar 10.
What can we do for you, sir?
What can we do for you?
Yeah, here's the ticket for you, okay?
Open line and Broward to and date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What are you putting your head in your hand for?
Don't you recognize him?
That cracker?
That red neck?
That Yahoo?
That...
Rectome.
Licker.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, one thing you hit the nail right on the head.
I mean, I think that these people are in the lines in Vegas,
because like you said, 595 or 375,
they just think they're getting such a bargain
that they just have to get something for free or something.
And I'm not saying that the food in some of the faces isn't great.
I've eaten in the face, but that was years ago,
before the hotel's got so congested and crowded
that now you have to stand in line forever.
And I've also stood in line in some of those places years ago
and learned a bad lesson.
That is, it's not worth standing in line.
There's nothing in those buffets that's so great.
It's worth standing in line an hour and a half for?
Absolutely.
Along with that, what that other color said, Terry Murray,
total A-hole.
He was totally outcoached last week in the St. Louis game
and was like, oh, what do you mean?
He really doesn't know what he's doing.
And now he's got Peter Worello.
Guy scored against a couple of goals into games.
Now he's on the first line.
He's on the power play.
He's got Christina Wells out there in a power play.
I mean, is Guy, I'm going to forget it.
Oh, you're up.
He better hope that PawVel heals up real quick
and gets back in that lineup.
And scores about 100 goals between on the end of the year.
Where their playoff chances are none.
That's it.
It's all right.
If they make the playoffs, it won't be because of the coach
you're here into you that.
It'll be in spite of it.
Right.
But as you said, the people down here, I'm originally from Canada myself.
The people down here don't know, you know,
the first incident outside, yes, he figures.
He can pull it over.
It's like he knows what he's doing.
He can pull the wooly over their eyes.
That's right.
Exactly, sir.
And back to us.
Thank you.
Everybody.
See you around, eh?
Dave County is waiting on you.
5, 6, 7, I see Book of Bryan's in here now.
So that guy that hates him like poison, you might call him speaking personally.
If he calls, put him on a forward Bryan, let him mark.
She was asked out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the 18 to 1.
Hey, he's your biggest fan.
He's our biggest pain in the ass and you're a biggest fan, mister.
Every day George gets 285 calls.
And if we even played like a note, just one note of anything by Book of Bryan.
And have the other stuff, too.
What?
He thinks it's all Book of Bryan.
It is.
Every bit that we place, you may not sound like him,
but he's amazing with those voices.
Everything we play, for example, that's Book of Bryan.
Yeah, that's Book of Bryan.
Okay, sounds like Mandage.
Even a ride.
A lot of people think that's Mandage is Book of Bryan.
And when we play, hey, stupid.
A lot of people think that tank is Book of Bryan.
So everything we play on the show, sir, I want you to get your finger in that dining position.
Stick one finger in the foam, one in the ear.
Correct.
Just have a great time.
Oh, he already has.
