Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Port Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show to talk to Neil
called 560 560 toll free for date and rarer or count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Oh, so you're so big hello.
This be esterol.
I've played Florida on the hit show Good Time and since my residuals ran out over 20 years ago,
I've been helping other brothers and sisters find their way with the psychic Negro network.
We welcome your calls because nobody has a better understanding of black
oppression.
That's why you don't even need a credit card.
It's just like renting your TV.
We'll gladly bill it right to your phone.
Negro psychic is standing by right now at 1900 Gimio Money to take your call for the
low price of only $799.00 limit while they can tell you if that van a Yose is leaving.
Oh, if he already left and if the reds are going to be stringy or tender.
So let the psychic Negro network guide you down the primrose path of both his prophecy.
Don't you call my friends.
So what did London Robertson say about all that the heat you got this morning?
From home, baby.
Come play with these titties.
It's a 10.02 at 5.60 WQAM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
Man, I'm talking to this Tony Martin thing and we'll have the verdict immediately if
not soon or how do you like that?
That's right.
We got our crack staff.
We got 50,000 guys down there at the courthouse waiting for the jury to come in because for
whatever reason, I don't know what it is.
All these other gangsters.
I'm not talking about people just accused of things, but people that have been convicted
of things never seemed to bother anybody in this town.
No matter how many of you have come back, Jimmy Johnson signed up.
But the Tony Martin thing wasn't convicted yet of anything.
And as far as Linda Robertson's concerned, you know, I guess it's something to kill
some good time, but why would anybody waste their time with her?
She's a dumb bitch.
Marino degrades himself.
Linda, do you ever hear of something called a character witness?
No.
That's what I said yesterday.
It's very simple.
It's amazing how I can take something and simplify a doubt of a couple of words and all
these people, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
like there's something complicated about this.
It happens all the time.
All kinds of trials.
People around trial for whatever.
And the prosecution calls in one group of people to say, oh, they stole a freight train
and the defense calls in character witnesses to say, oh, you're wrong.
They never stole a freight train.
Maybe a caboose, but not the whole train.
And that's the way it works.
Character witness.
You got it, Linda?
No.
You dumb bitch.
Go back and bake cookies, OK?
I don't want to sound like a sexist pig, but this business of women covering professional
sports or any other kind of sports, it's a joke.
All these idiots, they're big on it on Nesson, the England sports network in Boston.
They even got a female PA announcer up there.
Sounds like crap, OK?
Stick to, you know, stick to whatever you do best, which is definitely not covering sports,
because you don't know what you're writing about.
Reno degrades himself by supporting Martin.
Again, the assumption being that even though we don't have a verdict yet, Tony must be
guilty of all these things that he's been charged with.
And if Danny Boygo is there, it's that, hey, you never stole a freight train, that makes
him a new, a bad guy.
And if it turns out that Martin's guilty, that makes Dan Reno bad guy.
You're a dumb bitch, OK, Linda?
That's the way to sum it up for this down.
It's about all the verbiage.
I just heard the last 15 minutes of the worst team.
And from the way it sounds, I guess they've been on it all morning long.
I don't get it.
What's the point of dignifying a dumb bitch like Linda Robertson who has got no business,
but then again, this very jackass had business writing the sports column, broadcast and
call them on anything.
So what are you so surprised about?
It's a crap newspaper.
So there's your column, Linda, OK, little tiny pieces, and I wouldn't waste any more
time with it.
Dumb bitch.
God.
They're all incensed and bent out of shape.
Just consider the source.
Consider the source.
Believe me, they didn't sell one extra newspaper today because Linda Robertson wrote that
column.
Nobody goes out and buys the newspaper.
See, I hate to break the news to you.
But if you're going to put newspapers out on the news stands or in those vending machines
and people are going to go and buy them, it's because you splashed something on a front
page and make it a way sensational song of Dan, not on the front page of the sports
section with her push on it.
You know what I'm saying, Linda?
Come on, baby.
Come play with these titties.
Yeah.
So there you go.
Shabbat with the Mundo and Shion.
And stick to what you know best.
Like I said, maybe bad baking brownies.
Maybe fudge.
Like what's your name?
Fudge of brown there with the Adolfins?
Kind of a name is Dan anyway.
But I've always wanted that.
No Harvey Green.
He's not a very good guy.
But that's a name.
It's like a normal name.
But that whole thing about fudge brown.
Will you fudge back him?
Makes you wonder, doesn't it?
So anyway, in Newsweek magazine, and I don't want to spend more than two or three hours
on this.
Since this is a topic a lot more people ought to be talking about than whether a Linda
Robertson ought to be writing some crap in a Miami-Herald.
Here is the big story about George W. Ok, the van debate.
And only read one paragraph here, not even a whole paragraph.
And then you make your own decisions as to whether this man is a hypocrite or not.
And as to whether somebody's got to write to ask him any of these questions.
In 1997, George W. Boystein, a measure authorizing judges to give jail time to people convicted
of possessing or selling less than one gram, one-twenty-eighth of an ounce of cocaine.
Texas sentencing guidelines had previously prescribed mandatory probation for such
small quantities.
So in other words, he made it stiffer and the penalty too.
So who knows how many people are going to the slammer for possessing a teeny tiny
amount of cocaine in the state of Texas.
So I think it does make it relevant as to whether he was ever a felon and broke the law.
Maybe that has nothing to do with your perception of whether he's qualified to be president
or not, but as to whether he's a hypocrite.
Just makes it that in passing.
Didn't make it up.
It's right there in Newsweek magazine.
If it's Newsweek, it must be right, right?
Here's a letter to the editor.
Is this the Sunday?
This is the scum sentinel.
And it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just a hysterical.
It's not a good letter.
It's not even a bad letter.
It's just a hysterical from a guy who must be a hundred years old.
William J. David and Wilton Manners, who says, media messing up.
That's the headline they put on the letter.
He says, good old Ted Williams, 80 years old.
God bless him.
Oy!
Anyone who saw him come out and be greeted by players like Cal Ripkin, Mark McGuire,
our King Gryffi Jr. to name a few.
There was your real news story.
The expressions on the faces of so many of the great young players to see Ted Williams
and try to shake his hand, the smile on old Ted's face, and he greeted these players.
That was the real story of the All Star game.
Young people need role models and we need the media to bring them up first.
Now here comes the good part.
You media people should also get up to speed with the fact that most of your average readers
are fed up.
Fed up you here with you making a crimous celebs out of criminals.
Sign William J. David Wilton Manners.
Fed up you here.
You think the public is fed up?
No.
No.
Of course not.
Like I said before, maybe old crusty farts like William David and Wilton Manners and
me, maybe were fed up with it.
But it wouldn't happen unless the public liked it because like I've toured a million times
you for as long as you can win.
Whether it's the meatiest underwood, whether it's Lee Roy Phillips, the McCayne
difference to the hell of it.
Lawrence Phillips, whatever his name is, Lee Roy column, Lawrence Phillips.
It doesn't make any difference to what the hell it is.
Or what they've done.
How many felonies?
How much time might Tyson?
Makes no difference.
If you can cash your bet, you know betting on him on a fight like Tyson or if you can
cash your bet at winning a ball game or if you just go to the game and want to win
and just a passing fan, which in this audience I doubt because we got nothing but chronic
gamblers.
But if that were the case, that's all I care about is winning.
They don't give a crap.
There is no such thing as principal or morals or ethics anymore when it comes to professional
sports or even college sports.
So get with it, William Davis.
Get with the times, okay?
Get with the 20th century, which is almost over in case you didn't notice.
Nobody cares.
This Tony Martin thing, like I said for whatever reason, I don't get it.
I just don't understand what the big cynicism is about this.
There will be a verdict coming out probably very shortly, which we'll have.
And then life will go on.
In addition to what he's accused of having done is so minimal.
I mean, I'm not saying that it's good.
So minimal compared to what some of these other scumbags have done, like Lawrence Phillips
for example, and yet nobody had any problem.
You know, oh, let's give him a chance.
Maybe he just made me.
He can do it.
Get the job done.
You know, Cecil Adizel, we don't care about what he did before.
He's looking great, man.
He's exhibition games.
He's going to be.
He's the great dark hope for this ball club.
That's all I care about.
So if you want role models, like I said before, it better be the parents.
And that's one of the big problems because we got a lot of scumbags reproducing in America
these days.
But that's about your only chance.
You're not going to find role models in professional sports.
I mean, that's a joke.
And as far as Ted Williams is concerned, I remember those days when he was shooting pigeons
out there in front of Fenway Park when Red Sox had days off.
That was always very impressive to me, you know.
That was my favorite.
Plus, he's a sour old hermudge in anyway.
But believe that is in me.
Nine minutes after Ted at five, say, oh, look at that.
I passed 10 at five, 60 WQM are great play like men and they look like women.
He lives in the gay part of town.
Unfortunately, he likes girls and coming soon to feeders everywhere.
You'll see why he has his ass wide shut.
Oh my god, I dropped my cheese.
What am I going to do?
Hey, hot stuff.
You're going to bend over and pick those up, boy.
You're just going to stand there and stare at them.
Bend over?
Impossible.
He has to keep his ass wide shut.
Fuck the emergency, sir.
I dropped my keys, officer.
Oh my.
Can you cover me?
Quickly, clenched and gone.
No matter where he goes or who he meets, he must remember to keep his ass wide shut.
Thank you, officer.
That was a close one.
Look up behind you.
Keep your ass wide shut.
Coming soon.
10, 14 at five, 60 WQM.
By the way, more bad news for four men's treatment.
Do you see this today in the paper?
Daniel Maun, teacher gave son drugs and booze.
This is another kid, which I could, I'll get into this a little bit later.
But let's take all of these call first.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Boynton V.
Chill out.
Hi.
How you doing, Neil?
OK, sir.
Hi, let me just give you my phone a bill.
You may not just agree, but I don't think he's a hypocrite.
Only because if you're still doing it, then you're a hypocrite.
But if it was done 20, 25 years ago, and you've changed your ways, and you've repented,
and you don't do any acts like that again, and you know it's wrong, and you want to put
people away for doing it right.
Then why won't he answer the question?
Well, could he, he doesn't want to get into it.
Well, what do you mean he doesn't want to get into it?
The people don't have a right to know that?
Neil, I'll quote you as you quote it during the Clinton thing.
OK, 85% with the polls right now say, they don't care if you did it before he was in
public office.
They don't want to know about it.
That's what they said.
That's what that is.
Not what it says.
I never saw a poll.
That's it.
In fact, 11% of the people said that it would change their vote.
I don't see any poll.
It's at 85% of the people don't care.
It was about 50, 50.
Nick, I saw that they said 84% said they don't care.
I don't know where you saw that poll.
It was on the MSNBC.
It was on CNN.
The Gallup poll.
84%.
And yes, it doesn't.
I think poll that said the 11% did care.
Yeah, it was a great poll.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's not near.
You're misreading it.
It's not whether they cared or not.
Would you change your vote?
And it's got nothing to do with whether he has, he's got an obligation to answer the question.
Of course, he's got an obligation to answer the question.
I don't think he does when we know for a fact that Bill Clinton did cocaine in the
debate.
No, Bill Clinton did not do cocaine in fact.
If you'd read your newspaper today, sir, there's a whole article in there about how
Clinton never did cocaine.
Roger Clinton is on a surveillance tape thing.
His brother had a nose like a vacuum.
Let me say it again.
Let me say it again.
We don't know that.
I don't care what Roger Clinton said.
Okay, we don't know that.
He was right.
And the article and they deny it.
Okay.
Jennifer Flowers said she knows that he did it too.
Yeah.
Why wouldn't I believe her?
I mean, she slept with him for 12 years.
I guess I can't believe her.
Yeah, okay.
So what you're saying then is it doesn't make a difference.
It was Clinton that did make a difference, but if it's Bush, it doesn't.
When you do it while you're in public office in the public trust of the people, no, sir,
you don't understand.
Here is a man who admits to having a booze problem in the past and his cocaine or other
drug involvement.
These are all things that contribute to the kind of personality.
Like I said yesterday, if this man has that kind of addictive personality, this is something
people ought to know before they decide to put him in a position of being the president.
Well, he has said, no matter who it is.
It's a yet a drinking problem.
He hasn't drank in 15 years.
And I probably, you know, if I had to put my two cents on it, yeah, he probably did
do cocaine 20, 25 years ago.
Yeah.
How much?
It can be between the lines.
And it doesn't make him a hypocrite to be putting young people in jail for what he did
25 years ago.
That doesn't make him a hypocrite.
No more than it would be a hypocrite if I told my son not to do drugs if I did a year
ago.
If you know it's wrong and you've changed your ways, of course, you're not a hypocrite.
You're not a hypocrite.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, you see the people who are the Bush people, it's not going to make
a difference what you tell them.
It would make a difference if it came out that he just, you know, he butchered up for
more women 30 years ago or whatever it makes no difference what it was.
Because this is the way that the partisan political animals in his country work.
It makes no difference what the hell these people did.
Just answer the goddamn question.
That's all.
And if there was an, and the longer it goes on that he stonewalls and refuses to answer
the question, the more and more suspicions that they're going to be.
When you're going to put somebody in position as being the most powerful goddamn man in
the world with his finger on a button and the power to blow up the whole goddamn world,
yeah, you have a right to know these things.
I don't give a crap about who he slept with.
Those things are immaterial.
Who cares about that?
But if he's got an addictive personality and he had a drug problem, I think it's the
very least we got to write to know how serious it was along with his booze problem.
No, no, he's not a hypocrite.
No, just the fact that he, just let me read it again.
Let me read the paragraph again.
In 1997, he signed a measure authorizing judges to give GL time to people convicted of
possessing or selling less than one gram, one twenty eighth of an ounce of cocaine, a
twenty eighth of an ounce.
Texas sentencing guidelines had previously prescribed mandatory probation for such small
quantities.
In other words, don't do as I did do as I say.
Because now I'm now an adult, now I know it was bad.
Like Henry Hyde, you know, he was only 41 when he screwed up that guy, broke up that guy's
a marriage to go up there in Western.
He was only 41 with sewing his wild oats.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
I want to make a comment about Demetri's Sunday, a little bit first.
I agree with you.
He should answer the question.
And it doesn't matter that you're right.
If he did do that, I had heard that now in Texas, he was, and this may be true or may
not be, but I had heard that he was trying to steer first time users into some sort of
drug prevention program.
And now what you just said doesn't square with that.
So I don't know the facts, but if what you just said is true, then yeah.
Well, I didn't make it up.
I got a newsweek magazine.
I didn't put it in there before and true.
I understand, but I think the totality is he might also be trying to get these guys into
prevent, you know, some sort of treatment programs.
But like I said, I'm not sure.
That's not the case.
That's not what it said.
Well, if I've heard that that is the case, now whether they're doing that or not reporting
that.
How do you know he's not getting people into prevention programs?
How do I know that there isn't, there aren't men on the moon?
I mean, what kind of a statement is that?
How do I know that he's not?
All I do know is what I read here in a reliable news magazine about how he helped change
the law in the state of Texas where he's the governor.
That's what I do know.
Well, I understand that.
Somebody hung up on a talk show, which is I heard it, and you can't even tell me where
you heard it.
You heard it through the grape.
That doesn't mean anything.
Well, I'm sure what you read is true, but I'm sure newsweek called to a myth, a lot.
Yeah, they're objective.
Yeah, right.
I'm sure that they're not going to tell you.
Now you're going to tell me that newsweek is a liberal magazine.
Oh, no, no, gosh, no, it's not liberal.
Come on, 95% of the media vote Democrats.
Get out of here.
Yeah, see what I'm talking about?
You can't deal with these people.
Sir, well, someday maybe I doubt it, but someday maybe you'll grow off.
Then call me back and we can have an intelligent conversation.
I can't deal with professional Republicans, Democrats, left wingers, right wingers.
That's why I quit doing that crap years ago.
It's a waste of time.
Jesus Christ, what when you, he heard somewhere, he heard somewhere.
So, you know, they, they, they purposely omitted that.
They purposely left that part out because they're so slanted and they want to get
go or some Democrat in their newsweek.
What a joke that is.
Time in newsweek in US news.
You tell me if any one of those three news magazines are liberal and I'll, I'll eat the
goddamn magazine right here on the ear.
You maniac.
Tell you talking about it.
And by the way, if you look at the inside last page who writes the last word in newsweek
every week, George will.
And of course, we know what a raving liberal he is.
Yeah.
He's the one that does the editorial page for Newsweek magazine every week with his column.
Get out of here.
Grow up.
Oh, yeah, we know the 95% of the media is all this.
Jew liberal media conspiracy, right?
Okay.
Whatever you say, pal.
Don't confuse you with the facts.
That's why I brought the thing and I read it here because they read it out of a credible
news publication as opposed to having a bunch of bozos calling it and say, well, I heard
the opposite.
I heard it through.
I heard it in the dream.
I had a vision.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
I don't know, sir.
It's a loss cause.
Well, I said, I won both of Bush.
If he did cocaine, I would vote for him.
If he did do cocaine, yeah, that's a good point.
I would vote for him.
If he drank beer or drink water.
Right.
So I'm not.
I'm not.
Where we walked on water.
Did you happen to catch anything on American Airlines and their drugs smuggling?
Yes, sir.
I was going to talk about that 58 year old.
Where do you want?
And employees arrested this morning.
No, okay.
American Airlines employees.
Mostly the guys who work out there with the luggage handlers and the DEA arrested 58
for drugs.
The smuggling drugs and all kinds of drug dealing at Miami International Airport.
Let's hear it from American Airlines again.
But that explains why their planes are always late.
That's right.
That's exactly the idea.
I'm going to have to take a lot of time to go through all the luggage and make sure you
get through right once.
Hey, listen, one thing for you.
Check out page 10, A of the herald in the back.
It says media on this.
That talks about Bush, eluding the question about cocaine.
And it's got it.
Well, just I don't want to read it.
Just read it when you get time.
You'll like it.
Okay.
Take care, Neil.
Thanks.
American Airlines is they continue just disgracing it.
Wouldn't make great.
I mean, we lost the eastern that was unforcined.
I like the eastern airlines.
But it would be nice.
Maybe we could get American to move to peoria or somewhere.
You know, make that their hub instead of Miami, we get a real airline in there instead
of a banana boat thing that they got going on with their drug smuggling.
58 people arrested by the DEA this morning.
Late breaking story to stop this morning on the news.
American Airlines employees.
Everyone five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Like I said, you bush people.
Lick him.
Okay.
Lick him.
Love him.
Lack him.
Kiss him.
Hug him.
Whatever you like.
Embrace him.
I don't care.
Makes no difference to me because I wouldn't vote for him anyway for dog catcher.
He stands for nothing.
But the fact is that, you know, you can't have it both ways.
You have to and even if he is a lie, okay.
Lie about it.
Just like Clinton did.
We like liars lie about it.
But don't you pay the question and get an act in sense about this like, wow, you know,
you played this gotcha game.
I've got to answer the guy then question.
Yes, I know would be a sufficient and let's move on.
And by the way, the people that have covered him for some period of time, as he's been governor
there, the I've been watching these discussions on TV last several days.
This real short fuse that he's got.
This is nothing new.
This ill temper that he's showing to the media.
Now, guy that had a drinking problem and maybe it may be a harder drug problem, maybe
we don't know for sure.
And that's all I already got a short fuse, a real ill tempered guy.
That's exactly the kind of guy we want to have the finger on a body.
I'm good to me.
Something a good kind of responsible guy.
I prefer somebody like Litty Dool.
Yeah, she's my favorite Litty Dool.
That's why her husband can't get it up.
Let me tell you right now.
He don't need to buy a griggy.
He needs a new wife.
Oh my.
Now we finished in the top three and we're very excited about it.
That's your America, baby.
And if these are the candidates, if you would think that these are the people who are
best qualified, the best and the brightest, then heaven help us all.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
I just say good morning.
Good evening, sir.
Can we change the subject and talk about meat?
I mean, steak.
Yeah.
And it was my brother bought a house over in Brand and just south of Tampa.
And we hear burns.
We got to go to burn.
Yeah.
We had a chance to get out there.
And our wife and I were not very impressed.
Yeah, besides the atmosphere, the soup, the steak wasn't very good compared to root
crisp, which is my wife and I's favorite.
We go there for a birthday.
Yeah, I would agree.
I do like root chips that are all.
I haven't been at burns in many, many, many, many, a zillion years.
So I, you know, it's hard to comment.
Well, they got that, you know, they got that fancy dessert room upstairs.
And, you know, we were expecting some kind of super fancy dessert.
And they give you, you know, like a little scoop of ice cream and some, you know, some
squeeze.
Fudge on it.
It wasn't.
There was one week back.
Yeah, exactly.
It wasn't one week back.
Yeah, the cherry on top.
It wasn't one week back.
But we had a good time.
But there's nothing like root crisp.
We've been to about six around the country and they're all the same.
They're all great.
The atmosphere is good.
Great selection of wines.
Great desserts.
And I just wanted to give you a call that you know, we went out there on, you know, from
hearing it on the show, but it wasn't.
We were very disappointed.
Really?
Yeah.
I was wondering if I could call someone a douchebag.
Go ahead.
Thanks, Neil.
Scott Klein with the rest of my trouble in your case solving douchebag.
Okay.
Don't forget.
It burns.
That's what Linda Blair said.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
They like the bush, man.
That's going to be the task of the Democratic Party in 19, whatever it is, 2000, lick bush.
1026 at 560, WQMH.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
I'm going to push all this aside.
He's a goal.
He's a cowboy.
What he does, oh, he's a cat, cat, cat, cat, cat, cat, cat, cat.
He's a servant, our business, what he used to do.
He's got the music in with the truth.
He's got the B.S.A.
He's only a strong mother, a fanboy.
And the one with this dress, all of his beautiful men.
He's been special and just not that I'm a Christian right.
So they're the only circumstances he can say.
And if he's just able to get ties with the play, all life, he's too much.
Push his tongue to sing anyway.
He's a goal.
He's a cowboy.
Don't stop, oh, he was a bush, hold his impact.
He's a goal.
He's a cowboy.
What he does, oh, he'll be cat, cat, cat, cat, cat, cat, cat.
I'm a page 3a and a Sunsental this morning.
White House Clinton never used cocaine.
Which, you know, again, if you believe him fine, if you don't believe him, that's probably
the case anyway.
But there it is.
Just a few short paragraphs.
But nevertheless, whether we did it or he didn't, it's a little bit late now.
56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Kibis Gain.
Hello.
Neil, great show.
Yes, sir.
Hey, when George Bush was president, he elected a drug czar.
Yeah.
What is that?
Drug czar.
I mean, who's Bill Clinton's drug czar?
His czar and the Zarina.
It's a joke.
Yeah.
Drug czar.
We're going to stop all the drugs coming in the country.
Drug czar.
Yeah.
You don't hear it about it?
No, they didn't check with American Airlines first, I guess.
Ugh.
I mean, come on.
Drug czar.
Okay, thank you.
56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Maybe that's where George W. was getting his drugs from the drugs czar.
In fact, isn't that the place where he was shopping drugs czar us?
Here's West Palm Beach, hello.
Well, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Neil.
I've been out of the country for about the last six or seven years, and it was such a nice
pleasure to turn on the radio and find you still here.
Still there.
Still stuck here, yeah.
Well, you know, the ice back left, I might talk to you.
You had gone to lunch or dinner with Joey Reynolds to an empty restaurant.
Yeah.
Who was a Chinese restaurant?
Something.
And that was the left, so what's that?
I need to try to get me to Stab Rick and Sudzen to back him in the Russ Oasis, yeah.
So you're now on WQAM?
Last time I checked.
Yes, well, you know, I have nothing wrong with your radio.
I haven't listened to that station since Ricky Tickishaw was on.
Yeah, well, and with, I think with you on the radio station, it's probably going to draw some
people, at least, in the 10 to 2 hours.
Well, I've been here for, it's not like I just started last week.
I know you've been away, but I've been here for almost two years, and we're kicking serious
ass.
So it's already a fated company, sir.
Well, you know, you built WIOD.
You'll build this station up big, too.
No, we're trying to.
I know you got, you know, this crappy equipment we got here in a cheap ass outfit.
We're trying.
We're not calling on my own dime, because the cheap SOBs don't even give you an 8-hour.
Don't even have an 8-hour line.
We got, we're on a year over and four.
Myers, those vaccines can't call in unless they want to pay for it.
We're on the audio net all over the world.
These people can't pay unless they call unless they want to pay for it, because we got a bunch of cheap bricks running
this joint.
But anyway, it's nice hearing from Mr. Havigre.
Have a great day.
I'm going to show you a part of your argument that I think is flawed a little bit.
And I want to make this point straight up, and I'm not a bush supporter.
Yeah.
So I don't want you to, you know, come me off and say, oh, that's one of those bush guys, because I'm not.
You say you have a problem with people who are not in the community.
But I'm not talking about sex addicts.
I'm talking about people who are addicted to substances that could alter their mood and thinking.
So once you say Clinton has an addictive personality, not just the sex, but just the sex.
A addictive to what?
What's Clinton's addicted to?
Yeah.
Women's sex.
I just got through saying that.
What does that have to do with anything?
It's an addictive to what?
I don't know.
Have that thing?
Well, read some books, okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
See, these people, well, what's the point?
I'm arguing with people.
I don't know about history.
Nothing about anything that's happened in the last 30 or 40 years.
Forget about Long Be For That.
People's sex lives generally speaking, unless it was something really bizarre that something might be blackmailed for.
Which, of course, in the Kennedy's that was the case.
It could have been.
But, short of that, it doesn't make any difference whether it was Roosevelt, with his mistress, or Rockefeller, or any of them.
It's got nothing to do with anything.
And trying to make comparisons.
It's so lame to try to make comparisons of guys that want to screw around, which is most every guy, by the way, left from last time I checked.
With people who are addicted to very dangerous mind-altering substances.
And I'm not talking about marijuana.
I'm talking about cocaine.
I'm talking about heroin.
I'm talking about stuff like that.
Hard drugs.
This guy's worried about something else being hard.
That's what he's worried about.
But, of course, that's the Merkin FN way anyway.
And it's perfect that he lives in South Florida.
Because you're not supposed to get it hard in South Florida.
And believe me, the odds are you probably won't anyway.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Meal, good morning.
Yes, sir.
I was a little bit surprised, listen to you for a long, long time, that you would throw your face entirely behind any publication, or any faster to the media in this country.
And believe 100% what you hear or read in print.
I'd like to quote something from a newsweek article.
If I could recently, that has been proven to be completely false.
They did an article and it's one of your favorite subjects about gun control.
And it was called Caught in the Crossfire.
It appeared June 28, 1999 in Newsweek.
And it was a chart there that said, do laws save lives?
And the graphic portrayed the US firearm related death rate in 1993, the year that the Brady's pack was passed.
As 4,000 deaths for every 100,000 people in the country.
In truth, the rate is actually 15 per 100,000, which is less than one half of 1% of the figure that was claimed in the graphic.
And they have yet to retry that.
To try to make a comparison between a statistical mistake or whatever you want to call that.
Wait a minute. This is a very simple paragraph.
They couldn't make up the fact that he signed a bill authorizing judges to put these people in jail.
What would be the point? They could never get away with that.
What's the comparison?
Well, my point is here that Newsweek was presented with the facts and they kept toad around it and they did not print a direct retraction.
And as far as media biases concerned, the University of Michigan did a research that just released over a nine years period of time,
1500 audits in the New York Times, the Washington Post, the LA Times, the Wall Street Journal.
And it was proven in that study that, for instance, the NRA is indeed treated much differently than any other group.
Good. That's good. I'm delighted that they're treated differently.
They ought to be treated differently. They ought to be treated differently.
It's obvious that you're one of their members and I don't waste my time trying to argue with the NRA members.
Because it's like talking to my little dog.
I couldn't have said it better. Thank you, Charlton.
God.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Let me say it again.
One little paragraph here, an article by Stuart Taylor Jr.
Why the story matters.
A legal expert calls for a national debate on the penalties for drug abuse.
In this week's August 30th issue of Newsweek Magazine, and it says he signed a measure authorizing judges to increase the penalties just like I read.
We're not talking about statistics.
We're talking about a statement of fact.
And if you can prove to me that it's wrong, sir, I'll be more than happy to correct it.
Because God forbid that we should trust that liberal media, the Goddamn Newsweek Magazine, with their article by George Will on the back-inside page.
Talk about paranoid.
Let's talk to trial-lateral commission.
Come on.
Man, I'm shocked.
I'm delighted that we got so many right-wing wing nuts out there listening to this show.
You son of a...
Hallelujah.
We're really making it big.
I'm 44 at 560 WQM.
So I'm going to read the entire article by Stuart Taylor Jr.
It's very short, just a few paragraphs.
And what you don't seem to understand, and maybe I didn't make it clear in the beginning, is that this article questions the whole concept of the drug laws that we have an American community.
Okay, today.
And the hypocrisy of it.
Why the story matters by Stuart Taylor Jr. who is a senior writer with National Journal and a Newsweek contributing editor?
A legal expert calls for a national debate on the penalties for drug abuse.
So the most important cocaine question for George W. Bush is this, would you seek long prison terms for today's 18-year-olds for doing what you say you may or may not have done as a young man.
And when you now suggest that whatever you did was a mere youthful indiscretion and thus irrelevant to your candidacy.
Countless thousands of people are rotting in prisons all across America, many in Texas, for being caught with small amounts of cocaine or crack its moccable variant.
Many were only peripherally involved in drug sales.
Some were mere users.
As governor of Texas, Bush, like most other politicians in both parties, has joined in this orgy of punishment with enthusiasm, signing laws that toughened penalties for drug users, as well as pushers.
And that's in juveniles as young as 14, to prison for especially serious crimes, including some drug crimes.
How can he square this with his position that whether he used drugs as irrelevant to his candidacy?
If Bush won't tell us whether he used cocaine or other illegal drugs in his first 28 years, and there's no evidence that he did, he should at least tell us whether it was admitted but unspecified, young and irresponsible escapades, would have landed him in prison during the drug law.
He supports that if they've been enforced against him.
In 1997, Bush signed a measure authorizing judges to give jail time to people convicted of possessing or selling less than one gram, one twenty-eighth of an ounce of cocaine.
Texas sentencing guidelines had previously prescribed mandatory probation for such small quantities.
And in 1995, Bush pushed through a new law, expanding the list of crimes for which juveniles as young as 14, down from 15, can be tried and imprisoned as adults.
It's not that Bush has been exceptionally tough on drug crimes.
Most national Democrats, including President Clinton and Vice President Gore, support mandatory federal penalties for small time drug offenders that are far harsher than the laws in Texas where judges have at least discretion to show leniency to non-dangerous abusers.
Still, there was strong journalistic justification for confronting any drug use in Bush's past.
That would foster debate on a vital issue of national policy.
Should Congress and the next President, as well as the states, revise the draconian drug sentencing regime that is packed prisons with non-violent small time drug offenders, mostly tore in non-white and helped send the number of Americans behind bars, soaring to above 1.8 million.
As James Madison wrote in Federalist 57, one of the Constitution safeguards against oppressive measures is that Congress can make no law which will not have its full operation on themselves and their friends, as well as on the Great Massive Society.
The same logic argues that politicians should be pressed to say and voters should be spurred to think about how they would have feared if they had committed their own youthful indiscretions in the presence of say an undercover cop.
Any Bush admission that he used cocaine when he was say 25 years old, if he did, should force him as supporters in the rest of us to do some hard thinking about whether today's 25 year olds and 18 year olds should go to prison for doing the same thing.
Great article by Stuart Taylor Jr. about the idiotic drug laws and enforcement of say with all the millions of people we got in jail for doing petty things while hard criminals out there, the dangerous people are running around loose on the streets.
But again, it's a newsweek magazine, so it must be some commie liberal pink hoed you conspiracy, etc. etc.
You know what I'm saying?
You son of a bitch.
Exactly.
5670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in Hialeah. Hello.
Hey, D.L.
I'm not a big event guy, but I hear you talking about this and other people talking about the Bush thing.
That last article, they're cleared up a little bit. There's no evidence that he's using him of all this.
Who's accusing him?
Well, he backed himself into a corner because he said that he could have passed the National Security Test when his father was president because he hadn't done this and he had to at that time.
And he backed himself into a corner when they asked him this about drugs, so the admitted is lose problem. He refused to answer the question.
What exactly is he being accused of? I didn't get that out of the article.
Well, what do you mean is he be a... Don't you read the news? Don't you watch a newscast or read a newspaper?
Not much. No, it's all crap.
It's all crap?
Well, you know, it's what the media wants you to hear. It doesn't mean anything to do with the truth.
So then what's the point of talking about it?
Well, I thought we were going to give you the truth. Where are you going to get the truth?
You, sir.
That's why I was listening.
Oh, I don't want to burden you with the truth, sir. I don't think you can handle it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Pompano. Hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
It's my report. I was a universal student of this salary waiting to buy my $30 hamburger.
Next to me, Mayor Pinella with the entire family, mother, father, granddaughter.
And I said, Mayor, how's the transportation situation going on in the county?
No answer. You're down to me like you wanted to kill me.
Go back to my table. I started arguing with my relatives.
And they call me a Hispanic trader.
Yeah.
What do you think about that?
I think they're assholes is what I think.
But not a word, Neil. He just looked at me.
Yeah. I was waiting for him to pull out his day-county, met your day-
OK, well, I'll squeeze my passport real tight if I were you in your visa too.
OK, and your master card.
Here's the mobile and four-letter deal. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, it's me, of course. Sounds like I've seen some of these that is obvious that he passed law.
And anybody that would argue that is completely idiot.
Well, I mean, these people are so paranoid.
Unless I get some kind of a written affidavit in here, I guess I can't read anything out of a newspaper or a magazine or whatever.
Because if they don't happen to like what it is, they're going to question the veracity of it.
I like the whole article because it was something that I'm in favor of,
which is to do away with putting people up for smoking and joining and or whatever.
That was the emphasis the article will start with.
But Bush being good or bad, basically we have three institutions in the United States that have the same credibility.
It would be the government, religion, and championship wrestling.
Right.
Exactly.
I think that's my first job. That's my first job.
The answer is the perfect candidate.
Absolutely. I know what I'm getting.
He's got two out of the three nailed out of a science.
Absolutely. Absolutely.
So, you know, I think Bill Murray got it right when he said it really doesn't matter.
Because the rich guys are going to get all the good looking guys and girls anyway.
There you go.
So maybe the last guy was right. Who gives a crap? That's all a bunch of crap.
I don't know. I'm long in the tooth a bit, but I still work and I read five papers a day.
And if you read them, it's just as the world turns.
It's just a joke.
I mean, it's insane. I read the New York Post, I read the Harold, I read the Florida Waterdale News, I read the USA today.
And it's all the same crap, so it in the blender.
We could have a universal newspaper and you just get one for your whole life.
Yeah, just a bunch of crap. You're right.
And it would be the same.
I mean, if you don't take that way, you're going to go nuts.
You're right. Like I said, my philosophy, do the best you can. That's all we can do.
That's it. Okay, pal.
Have a good day.
Right. Right.
Now, he's right. Just do the best you can.
And the other guy to call them in a go, you're better off.
Don't read the newspapers. Don't worry about these things.
You're right. It's all a bunch of crap. That's true.
Because it's like, you know, it's like shooting fish in a barrel.
You stick your hand in there and pull them out. They're all the same.
And a lot of you people are so juvenile and so immature.
I mean, it's a sad thing in this country.
And I guess maybe this isn't the only country, but because we only have two political parties, there's this schism.
It's about even right down the middle.
And it's, you know, Democrats good and Republicans bad or the other way around, you know.
And it's idiotic. They all suck.
They all stink.
And the best I can say for a Bubba and some of the people of his ilk is that they were a buffer against right wing extremism.
That's all they didn't offer us anything sensational.
And the fact that by luck, we, you know, the economy is going great.
That's what we're supposed to be all excited about is if they had a lot to do with that.
I think maybe just Reagan going off and forgetting what it was all about.
Maybe that helped. Okay, because it wasn't trickling down too good.
Nancy says, squirt squirt trickling down pretty bad these days, by the way.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Hey, Neil, you're one about one thing there, but all hard and criminals.
And not on the street.
I think they're all playing from Miami Dolphins right now.
Yeah.
And, uh, no, I was, you know, listening to your conversation on Monday about American Airlines, just reaffirming the fact that I want to find it.
And then this morning when I hear in the news that the drugs going on board and guns and explosives ammunition.
And then I hear that one of those people who got arrested is a Broward County deputy sheriff.
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah. So maybe, uh, there was a doubt Broward County deputy sheriff and two IRS federal agents,
uh, those working part time at the airport.
So, uh, I'm thinking maybe, uh, Sheriff Jen Kennedy, uh, Ken Jenney there.
Ken Jenney, yeah.
It's not going about, uh, private, uh, swing club.
The people doing their own time and maybe they're waiting about what some of these deputies are doing.
Start cleaning up your own act, Sheriff.
I'm not.
They all.
You're Sheriff, that's right.
I'm out of here on the, uh, okay.
God bless you, sir.
And don't fly American, whatever you do.
We despise American Airlines.
And spite of some of your silly clean code in the last couple of days.
We know who you are.
You're not fooling us.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
58 people busted drugs over there, smuggling stuff on the planes.
And like I said, you know, it takes a long time to go through all that luggage and find out which ones are the right ones who,
which one got the Tony and stuff like that.
Here's Virginia Key.
Hello.
Campbell Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is something with Bush started.
The Bush thing?
Yeah, I have the quote on my wild.
The one that started his problems.
I believe it was a reporter for Texas Monthly Magazine with interviewing him for a biographer, a sort of biographical article.
And he said, quote, marijuana cocaine, I'm not going to talk about what I did as a child.
That's a child.
As a child.
Right?
That's like Henry Hyde when he was so wild young, oh it's when he was 41, right?
So right there, I mean, he's basically admitting that he didn't.
He just doesn't want to discuss it.
Right.
So there's no question any idiots that are still out there thinking that.
And then he went beyond it.
It made it even worse by saying before the last 25 years, in other words, after he was 28 years old, he didn't do any of these things.
So that's like saying, I mean, okay, before I was 28, obviously I did.
I was doing kilos.
Right.
Anyway, I just wanted to call you in.
In fact, I heard that it's going to be the state model when Texas things go better with Coke.
That's just normal.
I would be more than I started.
I have a great day, sir.
Because you know me, Tommy Pincofag, I start things like that just to be an Ojaan provocateur.
Because I'm the anti-Bushman.
I mean.
Hey, when this is on, I don't, I can't be bothered.
Oh, my gosh.
I feel great here, so okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
By the way, let me tell you again on the new Britney Spears video, Crazy.
The one where she's got the green outfit on.
Oh, man.
Now, you guys that are wasting your time with Jennifer Lopez.
Forget that ugly bitch, okay?
Just get back to Britney.
Get back on the, uh, get back on the right track, so to speak.
I'm so stupid of you waiting here.
I'm here to support our dance.
Oh.
Look at my butt.
I'm such a beautiful singer.
All the guys they want me from the old to the teenager.
I am hard, I have to say.
I think real good, my acting though, the cake out I was good.
I might have a chance with a steerable singer.
I got so trees that you might and a body like you show.
With my thoughts in creamy size, how to kid you never know.
To see me is to want me.
Got up your tight booty.
My daughter's packed with sea.
You see me all over MTV.
Now that is 40 years.
I know you want me.
Beautiful singer.
We got the bandage.
Who is the sixth and sixth known from Shula's to be talking baseball.
Why is that?
I wonder the diamond backs in Marlon's seven o'clock.
Maybe they make a mistake in newsweek.
I don't know if you are a bad singer.
I don't know if you are a bad singer.
I don't know if you are a bad singer.
I don't know if you are a bad singer.
I don't know if you are a bad singer.
I don't know if you are a bad singer.
I don't know if you are a bad singer.
I don't know if you are a bad singer.
I don't know if you are a bad singer.
I don't know if you are a bad singer.
For example, I love this.
The North Miami Beach Police Department said there were no plans to further investigate
the crash, the one involving this RJ Intendola, the city mangler from a hellendale for 100
years with his outhouse gang.
The matter is close, said Sergeant Alan Graham, spokesman for the department, there's no
need for further investigation.
The police department stands behind its decision not to further charge in Tendola, although
the policy the decision was based on is on written-seg Graham.
Although according to Graham, if someone involved in an accident returns to admit the incident,
he or she is not charged with leaving the scene.
You know who that reminds me of?
A few years ago, and by the way, the guy is dead?
It's not Rick's inches.
Well, I'm glad I didn't say it.
5'6, 7'0, 5'60, 0.5'60 on the AT&T wireless life, and the guy is still dead, by the way.
Here's Waterhill, hello.
Hey, Neil O'Gott.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I want to touch on two things.
First of all, sorry.
Now these folks would say that the media is liberal biased.
You know, the two most unbest in presidents of my lifetime have to be Carter and Clinton.
Carter deserved it, but he was...
They were all over Clinton from even before he took office.
They were all over him like Stinc on Grant.
How can anybody see?
Well, you have to not read the papers.
Listen to the TV news to say that Clinton and Carter will not touch by the media.
How could you call liberal media when they fill in best and ask their life?
In addition to which, like if you look at our local newspapers, 95% of the columns that
are in there, you got Cal Thomas, you got William Sapphire, George Will, I mean, finding
a liberal or even a moderate columnist in it was like looking for a needle in a haystack
down here.
In a general hack in a bush, whatever it is, it's awful.
A technical on the stage.
General Hock in a China.
Now about looking bush.
I want to just compare the two most likely candidates for both parties for president,
Gore and Bush.
One of them was from powerful tennis, the powerful Rich Family in Tennessee who ended up
joining the US Army and went to Vietnam.
When he could have gotten out of it, the other one was from a powerful Rich Family in Texas
who avoided the dress by doing this for the international guard.
What is the concern of us have to say about that if they just left the Clinton for all
this stuff?
Yeah.
Just a point I wanted to make out.
No, I can't wait to get to the sex party.
Well, this is why they're squirming so good now.
Don't you understand?
This is why they're having a nervous breakdown because now that she was on the other
foot, and we just, and now we're going through Newt Gingrich with his messy, smarmy divorce
and all of his affairs.
I mean, when she was on the other foot, all these right wingers, man, all of a sudden they
start squirming to get real uneasy and carrying on like a bunch of lunatics.
Yeah, of course.
And with Bob, Bob, taking this girlfriend, having a abortion.
Right.
Right.
And there's little things like that in Bob Livingston and all of these things, right?
I don't agree with it, but I could respect people who are against abortion or whatever.
But then you have to practice what you preach and these people aren't doing it and rehydrate
in such.
Just remember, don't do what I do, do what I say.
Amen.
Hey, have a nice day.
And have a nice, great life.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Palm, we're waiting breathlessly on that Tony Martin decision.
We've had no calls on it yet.
And also no calls on that bitch that wrote that article in the hero, which I already
threw in the paper this morning, threw in a basket.
Linda Robertson.
Why I just, I listened to that thing this morning with the worst team and maybe it's the
sports nerds.
They get so whipped up and so bad out of shape over nothing.
As though somehow that she writes an idiotic column like that she's got no credibility.
And that's going to like a tarnished Dan Marino's image or his reputation or somehow
shmere his life.
I don't think so.
Nobody with a brain is going to believe what she wrote for a second in addition to which
like I said before, a character witness testifying it a trial for a friend of theirs or
a colleague or whoever the hell it is.
There's nothing unusual about it.
So I'm like, you know what they remind me of now.
Maybe if it was somebody like, roo, testifying at the OJ trial, maybe then we might kind of
have a different view on it.
You know what I'm saying?
You think so?
Yeah, I know I would.
Roi.
Here's a Pemberpine.
Hello.
Yes.
Are you doing me?
Okay, sir.
Enjoy your show.
Thank you.
You know, it's funny.
We spent seven years absolutely hearing that everything Bill Clinton did was absolutely
relevant.
Yeah.
And yet, you know, my question on this, does George W. is when did he do this?
Did he do it when his father was president or when his father was vice president?
When he was in the national guard?
Yeah.
I mean, how do we know that he wasn't busted and let go because?
Well, he says it was not in the last 25 years.
Okay.
So that would make him 28.
Okay.
So when did Bill Clinton get involved in the, you know, his problem with the land deal?
In the 70s.
Exactly.
So it was relevant there to get a special prosecutor and go after his father.
And by the way, the special prosecutor says he's still ain't done, by the way.
Right.
What's the length on it?
The investigation isn't finished yet.
They look down on each every single rock.
Right.
This guy is the most investigated president in history.
And they're still going after him.
Hey, you know what?
We need to get a special prosecutor to look into your stuff.
You can't, Chad.
Yeah.
No, don't forget Carmella.
Yeah.
Oh, that's another one there.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, and you notice, by the way, how that story just got lost over really
quickly.
And you know, it's amazing that we supposedly had this raving liberal bias in the media.
And yet here's this story about a Republican governor, a right wing Republican governor
here in Florida whose wife committed a serious crime that most other people would have had
very severe consequences for.
And they were like, yeah, she just made a mistake.
She was nervous and at the end of that.
Yeah.
And my question is, you know, the governor, the couple of grand, whatever it was, and that
was it.
My question is, is that was that the first time that this woman's been going out of the
country for years?
And for all we know, she's been doing this now for you.
Yeah.
I think it's Jack Webb on the case.
It's called hypocrisy.
Right.
Don't do what I do.
Do what I say.
Right.
The politicians, credo in America, and most of them fit right in there very nicely.
Don't do what we do.
Just do what we say.
We say all the right things, even though we're a bunch of bullcrap artists.
Just like you said about Newt here, Newt's tap, they're talking about how back planned
this meal while he's having an affair.
Yeah.
During the time he was talking about my favorite.
My favorite was when he was screwing around and his first wife was dying from cancer.
He came in and she's dying on her deathbed and he comes in to get her to sign the divorce
papers.
That was really classy.
That was special.
When they talk about the liberal media, have you gone out of this area and tried to find
anybody who's not a conservative right wing racco on the radio?
You can't find anybody who's not a right wing.
That's right.
You got Gordon Litty.
You got Lardass Limbaugh.
You got that Alan Kees guy who the sparts are right winger.
I mean, I mean, Olly North, 95% of the people on there are right wingers, almost all the
talk shows in America that are politically oriented are right winged and yet it's this
tremendous liberal bias we got.
Yeah, I don't know where it is.
God, I must have tremendous power.
I didn't realize it.
Every day, pal.
You have a liberal bias.
Okay.
See ya.
I'm proud of it.
10, 10, 11, 5, 60, QA.
Let me know.
Carikay, f**king blow.
Yeah, no suckers.
My name is Colamba.
I got off that plane.
I was jumping in front to get your money away.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I like the weather.
There's a heater.
I buy anything I need and just one thing more.
I'll reach a risky family value.
When I get back from this world.
My touch.
Only the name has been changed to protect the Yismagler.
I'm sorry about that.
How can I call her Carmella?
Do I know anybody named?
No.
Well, whatever.
I don't call her that thing about brown.
She's a brown.
You're left.
It's so bad.
You want that anti-Mexican thing you got.
But at any rate, it's Colombo.
Okay, Colombo.
Get the name right, okay?
And don't do the thing about she only had one eye.
Okay, that's the other bush.
567-0560-0.5 was Colombo.
And 0.560 on the AT&T wireless light.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
I wear the article this morning by Robinson.
And it's 99% of it was bad.
The only thing that may have made sense.
It really put Marino on the spot.
They ask him to do it.
He's going to go and he doesn't.
He looks bad.
And if he does go, he looks bad.
He was kind of putting a bad.
He looks bad.
He was thinking of first bad.
Why did he look bad?
No, that's what people think.
If he doesn't go, then he's selfish.
If he does go, he looks bad.
I don't know what to do.
You keep repeating that.
I haven't heard anybody who said he looks bad except her.
Yeah, that was the article.
That's that.
It really put him in a situation.
But I think he did the right thing.
Someone asked him to go as a friend of his parents.
Being a character witness for a friend.
And especially somebody you've known for years.
And somebody who hasn't been gay.
He wasn't accused of murdering people like OJ.
You know?
What's your weapon?
What's really unnecessary?
And it really was bad.
But then they okayed.
And that's the hurdle.
That's why it has to be the worst paper I've ever read.
It is.
It's the worst piece of crap in the history of the human race.
And about, I remember years ago, and everyone was whipping Clinton.
And I'm thinking, you know, what if down the line?
And I'm a Republican.
And I'm moderate.
But what if a candidate is what the Republican party and the shoes on the other foot?
It, you know, we really feel what it was like.
And now that's true.
I mean, if he did something a quarter of a century ago, I mean, you can't look back.
You know, look forward to.
He says, yes.
They ask him the question.
He answers, let's move on.
Am I sorry?
Yes.
I just be honest.
Just a clean and now let's let's address it evaluated for whatever they will.
And let's move on.
That distresses me more.
And then in scouting the issue, then just being upfront and saying, yes.
Yes, I did.
Am I sorry?
Yes.
Make them look really devious and make them look like a liar.
And of course, that's the last thing that people want.
We've already had a liar for eight years.
And even though, you know, the public are happy with the job he did, they don't want another liar.
So they said, but the shoes on the other foot now and then four years from now, it'll probably be back to the other way.
But you know what the press is?
You notice, in spite of this allegedly tremendous liberal bias of the media, the Dan Burton scandal, the Henry Hyde scandal, the Bob Livington scandal,
the New Kingworth's two scandals with the book deal and then with the divorce business.
These things, they just get like ten seconds worth of immediate covers and you never hear another word about.
That's the end of it.
The Republicans will feel there are guys, so it's okay.
And I'm sure the other party feels well a far as guy.
Well, that doesn't matter if it does, but it's still bad.
And you know, you live in a glass house, you can't throw stones.
And I think they're fine in that, but after there's no one other than Bush.
I mean, it's all downhill after him.
And so our party is really pretty sad right now.
And I just wish he would be upfront and stand up and say the right thing and move on from there.
Amen.
You got a good show.
Thanks.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Does America need more Bush?
No.
That's the question.
Thank God his father wasn't a liar.
Read my lips.
I'm sorry.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
He's...
That's current.
Is current.
He's current.
I'm sorry.
I generatecare.
I generatebooks.
I generate more rooting on comics.
liberal bull crap on the iran's morning
yeah
yeah about anything liberal must be bull crap at the end of the war being a
war hero he was a military journalist
yeah
where he must have put his butt on the line
who got a match of the military journalist i wonder if i have probably a
probably people that knew his daddy senator gore
right i mean it's a nil but you see the the
in addition to it in addition to which i'm not the one that said that a color
said that i didn't say
now i know that but me you're seeing the media not liberal you ever watch the
annery cds or a bc all the time all the time
you ever read the new year you ever watch a bc did you ever watch a
sunday morning on a bc they have one conservative
towards world at what about bill crystal he's not conservative and what
about what about you robberts
cookie robberts is a liberal you're out of your mind
you know he was hyperventilating on that and that last day that last gas
with a uh... impeachment hearing she was hyperventilating when robber birds
that he might vote in favor of impeachment she was foaming at the mouth
you're out of your mind she's
he's a much clenched me you know that democrat robberts
yeah i know about that yeah we know that
and also you know there's another one of these political children okay
democrats bad republicans but i don't have time to waste with overgrown
children okay
i just got to say a few minutes ago they all suck and you can't deal with that
okay because you're a political child you're a juvenile
you're like your your pre-adolescence pre-pubescence politically you can't grow
up
five six seventy a goodie in fact who was the one that was on the air talking
about robberts for the ex-clansman during the so-called impeachment hearings
i was the one who pointed that out and brought it up over and over again
born again clansman five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
eighteen t-rattles line
here's pompano hello
yes sir
points if i might number one on George w
you gotta realize that uh...
he sort of uh... fired the first shot when he volunteered
on this character issues that he was so faithful to his wife yeah
so we'll answer some
and then he said about the booz problem about that yes i was pretty much
public knowledge anyway
right he was forthcoming about that and then he he decided he's picking and
choosing
he'll answer uh... you know these over here and he's on column b evil answer
you that that's not the way the game is played you can't do that
and on colombo
why in the world that you fly back into uh... and then a heart field
coming from europe why didn't you go into my am at what she
might have got a little
preferential treatment being the first lady i think the word you're looking for
is done
well yet
all right that around thank you just like the voters of florida put him in the
first place but again he ran against the dead man yet built a run against the
dead man their bob dole
the one time
and then you had uh... jet bush ran against the dead man buddy mcay
so this is the kind of these are the kind of elections the public as an
american people can go you got to be more involved you got to be an
active at you uh...
great
i mean you take a look at these you take a look at bill bradley and and
al gore between the two of them have a personality of a dead man
they have they have been a reminder of don i miss
a dead man in a chair that's a kind of personality they got
and then you look on the other side you got george w who stands basically for
nothing which is i think the reason that he's ahead of everybody else is
because the name is bush needs to answer nothing
the words of the road in fact that ought to be that ought to be his uh... theme
song my name is bush and i stand for nothing something like that
and then you got a little bit of the whole
steve for like i said with a face that looks like the end of the world like
like they just want a war on it
who's just another babbling right wing that case
is all over the place by the way
although i do like his uh... tax cut for the rich and uh... yeah
uh... i do like that
but certainly the fact that is a great idea
that's what the price is you pay for being a new vote democratic is you'll
ever get a break on that because of the idea you should never make any money
you're right
will you put that crap up give it back to carlos ill appreciate that
god he's got bad taste
all this poor no that we're sitting here pouring over you know something
what's it's so pleasant here today you know it
it's so pleasant
i don't know what it is that happened but it's almost like uh... some miracle
is happening this building
here's a mobile in hollywood hello
good afternoon you know yes sir
uh... it i think today society be hard for us to find
uh... somebody in the genia of the population that has an at least experiment
with drugs
in one way or the other yeah
and my only point is that you know it's obvious that bush is hiding something
uh... i think that the majority the people
uh... those the republican party may think that you know most of us are
stupid
we know that you know if he was forthright and honest which doesn't come
with politics like his sister in law right
correct that you know i think you would earn a little bit more
respect if he just came out and said look i did it i had a problem
you know it's one thing you know i would have a little apprehension if if he
had a cocaine problem because once an addict always an addict
but uh... it my thing is you know if you're looking at the next four years with
bush and gore's your front runners for to be president yeah i think we're
in a sad state of politics in this country
uh... you know it and i usually you know i vote i'm not a democrat i'm not a
republican i vote for the best candidate that i think is out there
and at this time i think that there's too many people that i've decided you have
gore who's got the personality of a wet mob yeah
and you have bush you we just cannot find it in itself
to be honest with the people that you know he wants to represent
and i have a hard time you know accepting the fact that
you won't explain what he did twenty five years ago
uh... you know when he didn't in the state alone
pass them to the toughest drug laws are in the country
thank you and have a great
okay well the uh... the nature of the drug was like i said we didn't have
an record before said speaker itself all of course that was in newsweek so
was probably a lie five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
eighteen to all the cookie robberts is a liberal how do you like that
that was a bulletin
in the next will find out that the crystals of liberal too and then there's
that's your step on top of us they finally got him off of their
that little weasel that little by-stabbing weasel
that
oh yeah he's one of those two
twenty six after eleven at five sixty wq and
you
uh...
all
court year ago port
I've been watching you during that macarena on Delta.
And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate to you the Al-Borp version of the macarena.
I am not John.
I'm not John. I'm Dr. Rayden. I'm Dr. Rayden.
Dr. Rayden. Would you like to see it again?
I'm not John. I'm Dr. Rayden. I'm Dr. Rayden. I'm Dr. Rayden.
When your alarm goes off in the morning, lock or rate up.
When one of your children reaches for cereal and through vodka, Rayden.
I'm not going to put it in the locker-rate.
I'm not going to put it in the locker-rate.
1-32-560 W. Kim, Jim Adog, managed from Shula State to a two-a-two o'clock for Hank this afternoon.
There's only one next to Jesse DeBottie. There's only one person in this country who's really it would be a great leader to be the president and never will be because he's too liberal.
And because he was against the death penalty in New York.
Mario Cuomo, that's right.
Oh, gee, there he goes again. What a liberal, and liberal craft again.
Yeah, and we know he's one of the most in all the sitting guys.
Yeah, brilliant guy.
Of course, heads and shoulders about the average American public.
So he's like too much of an intellectual.
Great speaker, tremendous inspiration.
That's what you need, a face man. That's what Kennedy was, which most people don't realize.
He was a face man.
5-6705-60, Pond, St. Louis Roosevelt.
Face man.
Here's four Lauderdale. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Wouldn't you say it's just a little bit hypocritical to condone.
Everything that Clinton has done.
Who's condoning everything that he's done? I've never done that.
I've heard you rant and rave for months and months. It says everything is bad. He's done about getting laid and getting a good BJ.
Okay, it's getting laid. Let me say it again. What did I say about George Bush's sex life?
I don't care about his sex life.
Did I say that this morning?
Oh, but you're going to crucify the guy because he did a little blow 25 years ago.
I didn't say I'm going to crucify. I wouldn't vote for him if he did or didn't do blow.
I'm just talking about the automobile forthcoming. The public has got to write to know about blow.
That's what I said and blow is something you know. Believe me, I could tell.
You're going to crucify the guy because he did a little blow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Trace that call, by the way.
Co-CAD. Got a serious, uh, rectum, crack problem.
Here's North Miami. Hello. North Miami.
Okay, good one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Yeah, yeah. Yes, sir. Do you know who Co-CAD wireless father is?
No. Hellbox. Do you know who Hellbox was?
Yeah. He was one of the biggest liberal Democrats in the 60s.
And you know who are husband and Steve Roberts. You know who that is, right?
I don't care who. You know what father was. You know what you're saying? You're trying to call it the cheese or conservative.
Sir, I read an article here on the year during the impeachment hearings telling us where she was coming from.
At least as far as Clinton is concerned, she was as anti-Planon as anybody in the year.
You mean honest, that's all? I mean, there's honest with you about that.
And what about Bill Crystal on that show? Is he a liberal?
No, I agree with him. I agree with what he said.
No, that's not the question. Do you agree with him? And obviously you do because you're a conservative.
I agree with what he said about this bush thing.
Sir, let me say it to you again.
Okay. Bill Crystal, a liberal.
He's a conservative.
Yeah, and as well as he's a liberal. He's a conservative.
Okay. Sam Donaldson is a watered down. He's a meaningless.
He's a watered down liberal. You're right.
No, he's not even watered down, little. He was hot to try for Clinton's ass all during the impeachment hearings.
Can I make a couple points?
So that's three out of four that I hear so far.
Well, I mean, well, you know the poll they took in motion. I don't want to talk about that.
About the Washington press court.
Okay. And you know something.
Maybe the reason that there's so many people in the press who are liberal is because they're more highly educated.
But I would, you know, I hate to say that to you.
Because you'd probably take it personal.
That could be.
Yeah, that probably is.
You know that the guy called about George Bush going to Vietnam. You know what he didn't get now?
What did he do?
He was a tycoast.
He never came to the North.
No, not George Bush. Al Gore.
I mean, Al Gore.
You're so tongue tied and so worked up into a frenzy.
My right wing friend. You can't even get the name right.
We already heard that. He was a typist. He was typing.
But Lity was there. That was a start.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Well, I'm proud today.
I can't believe we got this many good old right wingers out there. Listen, it's phenomenal.
Man, it's incredible.
Bapapapa, bapapa, bapapa.
This guy so worked up. He's a stubble and all over himself.
He's obsessed with Bush.
I've never been a big unbush. I'll tell you that right now.
Here's South Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I saw Cuomo when I was 22. I was inspired beyond belief.
Yeah.
But you know, two days later you wake up. He really can't do much.
I just think what people lose point is that Gore is a lot more conservative.
It is thinking and it is when he was in the Senate that most people give him credit for.
Yeah, Gore is conservative.
He is pre-conservative.
No, I don't agree.
You don't agree?
I really think this whole bush thing with it's planted by mostly the Republicans to, you know,
again, talk about that liberal media.
And I don't think they're scared, of course, as much as they're scared of the Republicans.
First of all, you're forgetting that the Republican and the other Republican candidate are hopefuls there.
They're the ones that are using this now.
In fact, all the Democrats that I see coming on now, the people from the White House,
that are saying, hey, enough with this crap already.
Let's move on.
And who cares about this?
From what I hate?
The Republicans just slice each other up.
Exactly.
I just really hate this.
The Republicans are throwing the presidential election.
They're concentrating a lot more in the Senate's tutorial.
Because they're going to stand back whatever Democrat...
No, listen to me.
They're going to stand back whatever Democrat's going to come on.
You know?
And the Senate will be...
Wow, okay.
Yeah, they're standing back in it.
They don't want the White House.
They're just going after the Senate.
I thought they already controlled the Senate.
Oh, they just want to strengthen their grip on it and the Senate too.
Oh, man, if we got some politically stupid people in this crowd,
and you guys are right on top, you got your thumb on it.
No question about that.
People don't read a newspaper.
They don't read a magazine.
And it's guy, oh yeah, Bill Crystal.
He's a real good model with guy there.
Real fascist.
A real ultra-right wing fat.
In fact, you know, the rumor has it.
I just started the rumor that he and George Will run around the table singing Deutschland
Uberollas before they tape that show every Sunday morning on ABC.
That's just the rumor I started.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
In fact, George would look really good with it on those little mustaches.
George Will, he'd look really cute, you know?
BD glasses.
Kind of like a Heinrich Himmler on a bad day.
Looks a little like Hermann Gehring.
If he just gains some weight.
21 before noon at 5.60 WQIM.
But the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
My friends, I believe in time this country has a poor,
Christian leadership.
For that, I need your chicks and money.
Friends, I can assure you I know what's best for you.
Good man, oh Christian, trying to run online.
With best baldness there's no fun Friday night.
Good little Christians, you ain't there hate around.
And power's having for a new start.
Right?
Good little Christians, praying watching all their kids.
Row up believing fairy tales are true.
Why do you have to pay?
We have a lot of them, they always told you to.
If business needs checks from you.
God, they're marketing too.
Good little Christians, for giving it simply.
That's why they never have to tell that true.
Good little Christians, now they do stuff for wise.
They like to stop and swing and cheap on cow.
Good little Christians, protecting us from our bells.
From bringing the fire in the depths of hell.
By the hands of the Lord.
I think George raised a good plumb.
I think they call our cokey Roberts.
It's 1145 at 560 W to QIM.
Let's vote for Gary Bauer.
Somebody who looks like we can trust him.
560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Still waiting for the verdict.
They're talking about the same thing.
They're talking about the same thing.
Here's the lady mobile in Pember pine.
I have to tell you that it was never big on camera.
You're putting your phone cutting up.
I'm sorry, I talk radio.
My children sit in the car and put the lotion in the basket.
Everybody will say, hey, Pope, I need to say, yeah,
put the lotion in the basket.
We enjoy you thoroughly and I was never also into politics.
I enjoy listening to you and every now and then in the conversation,
I can tune in to what I remember from your show.
I contribute to a conversation.
Thank you very much.
Thank you and God bless you.
You too.
Don't forget.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
See you.
Bye.
Well, there you go.
There's a nice lady with a set of humor that didn't sound all up tight about this.
Why is it that the right wingers are so all god damn up tight?
You know?
You can hear the stress in their voice and the strain.
Maybe now that she was on the other foot, maybe that's why they're so stressed out.
Oh, you know that cookie robbers, your father is that rabie liberal.
Yeah, and so what about it?
She's still a piece of crap.
Next, they're going to be picking on poor libbal David Brickley.
That's Isaac fall on of his head and leave him alone.
Okay, he's busy doing those Tony spots for that.
Whatever that thing is.
What is it?
When they just got sued for all that deceptive advertising and they food.
The food.
He does those spots for that.
What's the name of that thing that his sponsor that show for 100 years.
ABC this morning that David Brickley show.
He does the spot about all those starving people and about how they're putting that crappy makefully food together.
You know what I'm talking about?
Arthur Daniels Midland.
Thank God I got a great mind.
A.D.M.
A little slow.
Let's see what later it comes back in there.
You know five five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless live.
Oh, it's the good guys in the bad guys.
See, that's the kind of world that some of you people live in.
It's so pathetic.
It's so sad.
It's so tragic.
That's why that kind of radio by the way went in the toilet.
The only people who are still glued to that garbage are the right wing nuts.
That's why the only folks you got on here doing it are larga salimba and Gordon Liddy and Oli North.
And all those right wing fashers back here.
That's it because there is nobody else with a brain that would listen.
What's a wasted time?
Who the hell cares?
We good, they bad, you know.
I mean we know that some of our sponsors are great like sofa king, you know.
Sofakin good.
But they bad.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I mean, I think you mentioned something earlier about like the Republicans and who they're putting, who they have to run and how mediocre the field is.
I mean, the Republicans, I said all of them sir.
Oh well that's true too.
And I mean, I even, as far back as once you all run and, huh?
They all suck.
Yeah, they do.
But what do you, the one guy that haven't talked about, I guess, because he didn't do the Iowa stupid poll thing with John McCain, we think him.
I mean, I know he's a Republican.
Yeah.
I know he's a Republican.
Yeah.
I mean, of all the people that in the race, I mean, don't you think he's in the Republicans?
I mean, don't you think he's like, you know, he's never stole a freight train.
Yeah, it seems very weak.
But of course, too many appearances on the I'm a show that's his biggest negative.
Oh, I didn't know.
Oh, yeah, always under with a dead man.
Not good.
Is that the guy with a cowboy hat?
Yeah.
He's always about the farm and tells you about it.
Yeah.
Okay, well, Neil, I'm not a material.
I can't remember how they all suck.
Yep.
Okay.
Bye bye.
5 6 7, see it's fashionable.
He said, oh, that John McCain, he's great.
Well, what does he stand for?
Wow.
I don't know.
See, maybe this is a blessing this coke diversion for George W.
You know, because instead of having to answer the questions about the issues,
which so far, basically, he never really does.
He's kind of like a beefo, you know, Jeff the fourth.
He's riding the fence.
He's got those Texas taps on it.
He's wearing Rick.
Well, yeah, you know, prevents a lot of chafing there.
Yeah.
He's answering whatever the issue is.
He's been on the right to life crap.
Kind of an anti-human kind of guy.
Exactly what they want.
You know, good religious fanatic kind.
Not quite as religious fanatic as Pat Buchanan or Gary Bauer, of course, but almost.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and steward.
Hello.
Neil, what's up?
You may wish to remind your George W.Fan that this week the lid by their star investigation
reporter Mike Isikov.
They're the one to start the whole of the monocholobonics.
Very good points here.
They're the ones that started the whole impeachment thing against Clinton.
Excellent point.
I was going to be the previous caller mentioned that the Texas reporter had first raised the question of cocaine use.
But as a month ago, at a forum, I think it was an Iowa online Republican presidential candidates were on the stage.
And reporter asked the question, have any of you ever used cocaine?
Eight unhazutatingly answered no.
Only Bush refused to answer the question.
So either the other eight are wrong.
If this question is not appropriate, well, Mr. Bush stands alone.
One last thing.
Cokie Roberts is not a liberal.
She's an idiot.
Exactly.
Very well put.
Okay, thank you.
He's an airhead.
She's a bubblehead.
She's a co-head.
Excellent, sir.
Couldn't have put a better myself.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
I tell you one thing that the right wingers, I don't want to love all conservatives as being right wingers because they're not.
But the real right wingers, you know the ones I'm talking about, the ones that see a liberal boogie man under every rock.
One thing they have in common.
Perinoia.
Oh yeah.
One world government, the trial lateral commission, the little little manata thank God.
I don't do that kind of radio anymore.
Thank the Lord for that.
How come I'm doing that today?
I don't know.
Just because I felt like it.
Because I read that thing in the news week about George W.
In addition to which, if he's supposed to be, if he's looking for the support of the evangelical right,
then he's got to fast up because they always forgive the centurion if he becomes clean.
That's it.
Come clean, admit it.
You know, you're passed in this question.
But don't lie about it.
Don't stone wall, then they get pissed off.
I mean, if they even forgave Jim Baker and Jimmy Swagrid for quite a lot, what's a little blog going to do?
Here's for a lot of deal.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Part of the problem is I think, I don't know if you agree with me here, is that we got too many dummies here that can't comprehend more than I've done.
We got to corrupt two-party monopolized systems.
That's right, absolutely correct.
Right now, all we have is a choice.
We don't have a free choice.
And...
We got a crappy choice.
It always comes down the way horrendous choice.
Yeah, if we had any intelligence in this kind of, we'd have a plethora of strong parties, but we have these two, we have the Democrats.
Right.
And, you know, it's a...
We have that.
That's not the raw of stupidity, right?
And one other thing, as far as the real corrupt bush, it's the one out in Colorado.
That's our Herbert Bush.
Oh Herbert?
He's the one that...
What about Neil?
Well, yeah, I don't think it's your name's safe.
I think it's Herbert.
But he took out a small business loan when his old man was present in 89 for $750,000.
Yeah.
With no intention of starting a business.
Longing $50.
Some of you took out the loan, he went belly up, and you'll add a payback 20% of that loan.
I thought that was Neil Bush.
OK, OK, I got my name's...
Oh, I understand.
You don't want to...
That name, you know, generally can...
He can deal with that.
It's a little better, I know.
Yeah, but anyway, Neil, thanks a lot.
Keep up the good work.
And God bless you, sir, and have a great life.
And the $50,000 years from now, who's going to give a crap about all this?
I say Elizabeth Dole, that's my perfect Republican candidate for the year 2000.
Litty Dole.
She's perfect.
Yeah.
Let's hook her up with, let's say, a Tom Selec for Vice President.
That would be good.
Kenneth Musmatchewanette Pairing, huh?
$5670, $560, $560 on AT&D White House.
He gets so upset about that, Port Tom Selec.
If that's the case, how come he played the Fag of that movie?
What was that movie he was in?
We played the Cowboy Fag, whatever the hell he was.
It was just a few months ago.
And it was a gigantic bomb, too, by the way.
Not D-bomb, it was A-bomb.
All your kids out there, you know the difference between A-bomb and D-bomb.
As in...
That's it.
How come you got a question mark on line one?
I'm always fascinated by those.
Hello, Hollywood.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Well, you know, Jeb and George, I don't know about those guys, but Harry's okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Listen, I don't know if you've talked about this, but American Airlines, did you hear about the news today?
No, you're not going to tell me that 58 employees got arrested at Miami International Airport, are you?
Actually, they arrested it.
Yeah, I've probably been in the number 100.
I just turned on the news.
No, no, I saw it first thing out of the box this morning, because I actually watched the news.
I'm like, most of these people out there that are watching reading the funny papers.
I actually watched the news, yeah.
Well, now you know why your plane was delayed, something that happened back then.
And my impression that that's why all the American flights are late, because they had to scope out to get just the right bags.
And then, of course, they got to have a rip snort and time there in between, you know,
I'm loading and off loading and unloading.
What was that loading, you know what I'm saying?
Why please the customers when that's not your main function?
That's right.
You know, you're making your money through the back door.
Well, thank God they're doing something good over there anyway.
They're doing something constructive.
Yeah.
All right, thanks.
And have a great day.
A good buy to American Airlines forever.
Okay, you're through.
You're done.
And the best part of it is they don't care.
They don't give a crap.
The last two days that a bunch of wise guys from over there call it.
I mean, we didn't have a few American employees who, you know, called in and apologized and feel very bad
and admit that they work for a crappy company and they're pretty embarrassed about it.
And there are a lot of, you know, I'm very careful to point that out because I know there are a lot of folks who do work over there
who work very hard and are conscientious and try to do the best they can.
And I feel sorry for them because they work for a really crappy outfit that doesn't give a crap about the public
or doing a kind of job that we expect them to do when you're paying through the nose.
I shouldn't say through the nose.
Yeah.
When you fly American, it's going through the nose and your money too.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's 1156 here at QAN.
We're waiting on pins and needles. I'm on the edge of my chair.
We got Orlando Alza Gary out there.
We got Josh Friedman.
We got the customer, sitting down there at the courthouse, waiting for the vertical and the Tony Martin trial.
In a drug money laundering trial.
We're waiting.
We got the vertical, yes, no, but we're waiting on it.
And the moment that we got it, you'll have it.
And why you're so excited about it, I have no idea.
I hope, you know, I'm not going to say that again.
They get all over me when I say that.
I don't know.
I don't know if he didn't do it or if he's really just that stupid, you know.
And in this one particular case, I think compared to all these others come back, Tony Martin ain't that bad of a guy.
He never stole a freight train.
Okay. Maybe he's just a little naive, a little bit dumb.
You think he's a little well, whatever.
Four minutes before noon at 5, 60 WQAM.
We can hope.
We can hope he's that dumb.
Hello, citizens.
This is Batman.
You know, even though I'm a fictional character, the Y2K problem is real.
In other words, I may be from the comics, but there's nothing funny about Y2K.
So what can you do, John and Jane Citizen?
Cut it.
That's right.
If you have the time right now, run out into the street and scream your head off like a little girl yelling,
why Y2K, why me?
Ooh, ooh, I just did.
You know, big Batman's coming to your rescue, do you?
Ha!
I can tell you now, suck up on canvas, then withdraw all your cash from the back and bury it in the backyard.
But be careful if you have a canine friend, then show your computer.
It'll be about as useful as the bad signal at noon.
You might as well get some money out of it now so you can buy a generator and lots of gasoline.
But don't store the gas in empty plastic milk containers or some unsuspecting moron like Robin might suck it down thinking it's ice tea.
Then you gotta get his stomach pumped by rushing to the emergency room and you don't want to do it in costume because people tend to laugh at Batman when he's down on the silver screen fighting crime.
And they always tease Robin because his outfit is so gay.
But I digress.
This is Batman.
When it comes to why do you gay don't be a Joker.
You know, it's so tight too, you know.
It's a 202 at 560 WQA.
By the way, I hate to remind you this drama thirdman was once a Democrat officer, but you guys can have them now.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
So you guys think everybody out there should get real panicky now.
You know, one of the stores start buying up a lot of water.
Can goods, batteries, flashlights, lumber, go to home depot, go to public, go to Windixie, buy out everything they got.
Don't leave anybody else.
Just buy up everything you got.
Go into a panic.
They're showing that on the news again last night.
I mean, we got, you know, those three storms out there and even even Ryan Norcross, even Miss Norcross is saying,
it's not gonna hit here.
We don't really have to worry about it.
And when she says it's not gonna hit here and you don't have to get all that word nervous, that means just cool it a little bit.
You know, start, you know, making some plans.
Get a few things here and there, but that doesn't mean you got to take 10 shopping carts and fill it up with all the bottle water they got in the store and go into a deep panic.
You know, not that we want to get you nervous, but.
That's how you're following.
Man, crazy people.
5, see there's no such thing as moderation.
It's either just go absolutely nuts or be oblivious and just to sit back and do that.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Pember of time.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
Okay, I have to agree with you just about everything you said about Democrats and Republicans and how they think and all that.
You're doing a good service to the community.
However, I have to disagree with you.
What is the yesterday?
About Jennifer Lopez.
Being the Cuban guy that I am.
Being the Cuban guy that you are, you're the one of those Puerto Ricans, man.
I'll get you every time.
But I lied out behind me and I'm telling you that.
That's right.
I forgot about that.
You looked at the president.
I got so lonely.
I'm so used to say that.
But that's one thing that you don't get it right, Neil.
I'm sorry to say.
I don't get it and I don't want it.
You're right.
Well, you know what all yours.
The thing is that Neil said looks fantastic.
This is what she called, but then when she comes.
I mean, he's unbelievable.
I will look at that.
It's better from the S&.
I'll go.
Absolutely.
We'll look at that for the next 20 years.
Okay.
Okay.
Good luck, Pat.
Most of the other guys say we'll take Brittany and you can have Jennifer anytime you want.
You can have that big ass.
In fact, what we'll do is just cut the ass off for you and send the ass to your house.
And then we'll take what's your name, Mariah Carey.
And we'll just take that one gigantic breast that she's got.
Because the other one's got like a reason, you know.
And we'll just know we'll chop that off.
And what we'll do is send you a bunch of body parts.
Like body, uh, we're just like a Mr. Potato head.
Like body augmentation.
You know, we'll just have a studio bunch of body parts.
And you stick them wherever you like.
So to speak.
Five say that's right.
It's global groove on MTV right now.
But why do they keep so many marginal when they find the ugly people under the leaf monitor for a long,
especially the darker ones.
I shouldn't have said that.
I mean, you know, there's a lot of good looking darker people, but not on that show.
I'll tell you a way to bad looking guy, by the way.
I shouldn't say it.
Tough daddy.
He's not a bad looking guy, huh?
I don't think I would five six seven oh five 60 pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Well, just to preel and he they're in light conflicted like Malcolm on the young and a horny,
but they can't all be that light because otherwise then there'd be no dark people.
And then how can we tell the Cubans apart?
Here's a mobile in Cooper city.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm Neil.
You got you got to understand it's been a slow hurricane season up until the end of August.
And it's the lead story on every local on every local newscast.
They got they got a jump on it.
Well, the only thing we got going here now, we got the Tony Martin trial and we got the storms.
In fact, what do they call it?
Trouble in the tropics.
You know how Channel 7 always has some historical headlines for where we store it.
Trouble in the tropics.
I was surprised they didn't call it terror in the tropics.
I thought they were talking about the Tony Martin story when I saw that.
No, they were talking about the American Airlines story.
They just didn't realize that yet.
You know, all these all these conservatives are very right wingers who call into you.
I think that they're so brainwashed and they're so upset that their agenda might might be shaking.
They think that they're going to get their Christian value leader into the White House and everything in this country will be fine.
And I think it shakes them up when something happens and they can't realize that people and everybody's made mistakes.
And that's why they sound so damn paranoid about it.
And you know, so much from campaign 2000 could be another boring and pondering and half.
I'm going to put you into a deep sleep bag.
I can't stand it.
But Neil, I'm not ripping a sponsor.
Don't hang up on me.
You run a few extens...
You run a few extensory commercial?
Yeah.
And the wife and their son.
What is it?
What just happened to this guy?
What just happened to him?
We run a few extensory commercial and I didn't get the last part and he just... that was it.
I don't know what he said.
This is our.
Wouldn't he?
No, we didn't touch it.
So whatever you were going to say, 56670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
That was incredible.
Here's the lady in Boyton V.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I wanted to tell you, I heard this on CNN twice now.
Well, that makes it...
It's true.
In this case, I hope it is.
CIA applicants must take a lie detector test.
Yeah.
And if they...
If you know not a thing, it's not that if the test shows that they smoke marijuana, they go on with a test test.
They say ignored.
But if the test shows that they have used cocaine, the test is dropped immediately and they're no longer considered.
Right, absolutely correct.
So I think all of these people that are taking it lightly were a future president is concerned.
The audists stop and think, I mean, we can't even get someone into the CIA with it.
Amen.
Okay, thank you much.
Tell George to take a powder.
That's what I said by...
Thank you.
A BC powder.
1208 at 560 WQM 560 705 60, 0560 at a mobile one line at Tony Martin, vertical in yet.
No.
The town is injured on it.
No.
Linda Robertson, she's still a dumb bitch, by the way.
I don't want to sound sexist, okay, but women should not be writing about men's sports.
Let her write about the WNVA.
Let her write about women's soccer.
Let her write about the Taffy pole, bad mitten, something like that.
But cut the crap.
We don't need that because it doesn't work.
Just like Jane Chastain, member her and fill us George and all of those people.
Forget it.
It doesn't cut it.
It doesn't cut the mustard, baby.
Just stick to something you know about, which is not football.
Okay, Linda?
You silly person, you.
You very, very silly, super-silly is in the suit.
And by the way, you, the Harold and the very Jackas are perfect trifecta.
A match made in purgatory by a plethora of silly people.
I'm sorry.
1209 at 560 WQM.
Hey.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
All right.
Oh!
Oh!
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Well, 14 at 560 WQM.
You're invited to be part of the ABAC.com WQM celebrity golf tournament by reserving your spot
or a force them to play with celebrities like Al Downing, Pedro Guerrero, Spot Webb.
Spot Webb.
Dwight Stevenson and many more by calling 305-650-0163, sponsored by Nextel, the barbecue superstar
at Berensvenzware and Security World International.
Spot Webb?
Anybody know who that is?
Okay, our topic today, building the perfect body.
We got Jennifer Lopez's...
Spectum.
Yes.
Britney Spears of Boobs, whether they're real or not.
Who's head do we put on there?
Well, no, I take that back.
The Doritos Girls Boobs with Britney Spears head.
Huh?
Now you're starting to work on it.
I'll just take the Doritos over.
And as far as the guys are concerned, we'll take...
What's the thing Barry Watson is that way?
We'll put his head on the nick from 98 degrees on his body.
And who's...
Do we attach to it?
5-6 at No Nachon home.
See, these size queens, men, that bothers me tremendously.
People that don't care whether it's breast or the male member.
They don't care what they're attached to as long as they're gigantic,
elephant time, humongous.
I don't understand that at all.
Here's our guy that got kidnapped by the Buick dealer.
Hi, Neil.
What happened?
God, your phone system blows.
Oh, it does. It's the worst.
It wasn't me.
But anyway, I don't know if...
I think they got an automatic chip in our phone system.
And if you say something that might sound like something they don't want on the year,
it automatically blocks the rest of your call.
It read my mind pertaining to Bill Zimper.
And the woman on that commercial last,
she cackles just like Bill Zimper.
That's why he's that deal.
You got to listen to it.
Yeah.
And that's all I got.
But as far as the Doritos girl, what's wrong with her by herself?
Now I'll buy herself. You're right. Good point.
A little guy, get off the phone and go to work.
Okay. Thank you, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah, the Doritos girl who's in the 98 degrees video.
So there's something for everybody in there, believe me,
especially when Jeff and Nick are like a practically stark naked.
And then of course when the albino says,
best of, you know, for a little comic relief.
And I'll leave you a entry.
And what is it?
I'll leave Landry.
That's your name.
Former Miss America or Miss USA.
Is she related to Tom Landry by any chance?
I don't know who that is.
Oh.
How grotesque.
Like I said, let's take his head off and put somebody else's head on it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
I don't want to sound racist or nothing.
Okay. But why do we have to see all these ugly dark,
complex people?
If you're going to put dark, complex people,
put some good-looking ones on here.
How would that be?
Just for, no.
No, they don't want to do that yet.
God.
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I was wondering about what's your position on the California's taking on the gun issue?
My position on what?
The gun issue that California's taking to close that gun showdown.
It's a great western gun show, the biggest one out west.
Yes, sir.
They close down.
They say 30 or 30 or 5,000.
What is this?
It's great.
I'm buzzer.
They have 30 or 35,000 people ordinarily attend that thing.
And Los Angeles County Supervisor said by a three to two vote, they said,
No.
No way, Jose, we're closing it down.
You're not going to hold it.
Oh, I think, Hallelujah.
You're stepping right to the air and all right there.
Right. There's stick it.
There's stick it at two in Charlton.
We understand eight to happy.
You son of a bitch.
Too bad.
Too bad is right.
He's crying in his beer.
I want to say that I wouldn't kick Jennifer Lopez out of bed,
not to eat and crackers or anything.
And I like to give out a two-stack to someone.
Seven?
Seven, your two-stacks make pretty much feel you doing a good job.
Yes, I am.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the Mobile One line, as we continue searching for the perfect time killer until we get that Tony Martin verdict.
I guess they probably won't give a virtue until after two.
You know, when Mandage is on from Schoolers, well, we don't want to have it during a non-sports show.
That would be no fun.
And in very jackass, I'll get all of a sudden.
But like you got upset a couple of, you know, when we first around here, we wouldn't interrupt
to put that stupid guy named Jimmy Johnson press conference on here or whatever the hell it
was.
And Barry Jack has got all upset.
Barry Jack has who by the way has never written Ward one since he was so skeptical about
putting me on his radio station on an all sports radio station.
Never written Ward one about the fact that this is the highest rated show by far on his
radio station, month in and month out, book in and book out.
Never written a word about that.
Happy a Barry.
No.
Just like Tom Jicken, never would have word about the spring rating book or about the guy
that they've FCC find or anything else that has to do with something going on in this
town.
Because the quality, like I've told you before, you can't complain about the journalism
in this town because generally speaking, there isn't any.
Once in a great while by accident, either Fred Grimm or somebody who write a column that's
pretty good and I'll read it on the air.
Carl Heiss and when he steps right in about manatees and crawling things in the Everglades.
But that's a rarity.
That's a real rare occasion when it happens.
More often than not, you got the swill like Linda Robertson's thing this morning about
Danny Boy, how he embarrassed himself.
The only one who had embarrassed himself this morning was you Linda and your cohorts
there at the Harold.
We would say fish wrapper, but that would be the...
They're just obsessed with them aren't they?
They're just the psychotic.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
See I've graduated.
I mean I still like them.
But I'm moving on to 98 degrees and I do.
That's the greatest, that video, the song, the video, everything.
And even you like the video.
Even though you don't like them and you don't like the song, it never less to bet.
Just get on your knees and thank them.
I'll make a video.
There you go.
It's a great song.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
And we got to have somebody call in and tell us next last name again from 98 degrees.
Because I began with a T, like who's with a T.
Somebody will call.
Why don't they tell you?
If you're going to put out an album, why not tell us your last name would be a good idea.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
Hello.
Yeah, I really am.
5 6 7 0 5 6, pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
I really am such a F, whatever he said.
What do you say?
Something with an F.
Here's Miami Lake.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil speaking.
Yeah, first I want to tell you a great show, man.
Uh-huh.
And how did I know?
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Two in a row.
You're people, by the way, again.
They're just out of control.
Like I said yesterday at the end of the show.
It's like somebody flushed the gigantic toilet in the Caribbean.
And every turn from the Caribbean just floated up on the shores of South Florida.
And they all listen to the O'Rodger show, too, by the way.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, no, no.
Another Fony voice three in a row, huh?
Try and fact the time.
I didn't know the track was open.
It's early.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Cool.
It was rattling their spears again today.
They can't cope with it.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time I've ever been inspired to call a talk show.
Yes, sir.
This is all the time.
Uh-huh.
Did you ever hear, I don't know anything about George Bush's...
About George Bush, yeah.
But did you ever hear of a guy by the name of Dan Lasseter?
Dan Lasseter?
Yeah.
Who's that?
Dan Lasseter was one of Bill Clinton's best friends.
It's not his best friend.
Yeah.
Okay.
Now, I had reason to make his acquaintance.
When we were both on a thoroughbred, I only was up in New York some years ago.
In the mid-70s, you put the voices up from down below.
Yeah.
Anyway, um, he, I know was later convicted of cocaine smuggling and did some time.
Yeah.
And on occasion, he would drop Clinton's name.
And I don't think he was a name-dropper because everybody knew we knew important people.
Yeah.
And he made reference on several occasions to his using blow with Clinton.
And at the time, I didn't even know who he was.
Yeah.
And then he told me, you know, he's a governor.
He's a governor.
He blows, yeah.
And then I said, well, he's a guy who made the speech at the convention.
And then I remember who he was, you know.
And he, you know, he made reference to several occasions that he was, he was drunk with, with Clinton.
Yeah.
So I believe that story.
I'm 99 percent.
I didn't see it, but I'm 99 percent sure it was true.
And so what's the significance of that?
Nothing.
Only that it's his latest lie that he never used cocaine.
Mm-hmm.
Well, that's all.
Does that affect, does that have any relevance to George W?
No, not really.
I don't care one way or the other.
Who does what?
Oh, okay.
Just a bunch of true, you know, I think it's true.
Right.
What's good for the goose?
He's good for the guy.
Exactly.
Thank you.
Okay.
Whatever he said.
Find another, he doesn't really care.
567-0560, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's so funny.
George picked up the phone and I let a big cheesy blaster go.
I didn't know if it was picking up the phone right in the air.
It's funny.
Listen, I saw a movie last night on TV with Jennifer Lopez.
Yeah.
What a dog.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, she's rotesque.
Oh, my God.
She got a big ass.
You know, the Cubans were in the big ass.
They don't care what it's going to be to that.
That's it.
Amito with the grande culo.
Uh-huh.
Right.
Now you're on the deal.
Also, yesterday we were talking about going to Vegas and the candies.
The best candies in the world.
Not farmers, Fanny.
That's a one.
No.
He sees chocolate.
Who?
S-E-E-C.
They're in California.
They're in California in Nevada.
The only two states that have them.
They're in Nevada?
They make them fresh daily.
Yeah.
They're in Nevada and California.
You can get them in Reno.
You can get them in Vegas.
You have to go to the mall.
See, it's an old lady.
It's an old lady's expertise for candy.
It's an old lady?
That's her face.
That's all in boxes.
Her name is old lady.
Oh, let's push it.
I see.
Go back.
See.
When you go out to Vegas, that's the C-Chocolate.
It blows up Fanny's farmer.
I was being sarcastic about Fanny farmers.
Fanny is the good one in Vegas.
I'll look for seeds next time.
Seize the best.
Okay.
Neal, can I call someone a douchebag?
Yes, sir.
Tom, at Millic Instruction, you're a big cheesy douchebag.
Okay. See ya.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
Of course, that's what Jazz McKay used to say too.
Look what half of it in him.
You know what I'm saying?
Jazz McKay?
Yeah.
See ya.
Don't see him no more.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound, five, six, eight.
On the mobile one line.
Let me say it again.
Are we ever, I mean, I would say I'm trying to pick back over these 23 years.
Maybe about eight.
Eight calls that come to mind from Julio.
Of course, we don't, you know, check are they Cuban, Puerto Rican, Mexican.
I think they're probably from Guatemala.
Yeah.
And Nicaragua.
I'm sorry.
Nicaragua.
I can't say it right.
Like Isabel de Cassada.
But eight calls that really were like contributions to the show that were either informative or amused.
Or entertaining, something like that.
Other than that, what do you consider we've got what?
72 million Hispanics down here in South Florida.
It's very depressing and embarrassing, I would think, to all of us.
That the contribution level is so minimal.
I mean, the fact that there are so many of these people out there listening, that's a start.
You know, that's a good start.
But actually they have something to say.
Man, really, there isn't where the test comes in.
You know, maybe they were Venezuelan.
Maybe they were Colombian.
Oh, my Colombian friends, baby.
And they all tell me, don't go to Colombia because if you do, don't go, you won't be planning on coming back.
Don't pack too much stuff with you.
Don't take a lot of luggage.
Because it'll be a one-way journey.
1226 at 560 WDQ.
And we're still waiting on that verdict.
We get the verdict yet.
And the Tony Martin trial.
What are they waiting for?
What are they deliberating and waiting?
Come on, let them off and let them play.
I don't even care about the dolphins anymore or the NFL to be honest with you.
Let them all, let them all.
You never still afraid of trading.
He's not a bad guy.
That's what Danny Boy said.
Just a pistol and a Robertson off.
Let them out.
Right now.
Suit them up.
Let's have Joseph Gackie do the interview.
26 past noon at 560 WQAM.
You can't eat that gator meat.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Where she gone all along Then she'd start with it and climb to her down Now she at the 
Into a vine Watch you, again she's 6000 
Light sail, zwar around frantic only,payer, Christmas, Christmas, Christmas, Christmas
We said love and she know her story, see, we loved
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
PON 5, 60 on a mobile one on our challenge today
and the last hour and a half of today's show.
Let's hear from one or two Julios.
I mean, that's a start.
We'll actually have something to say about anything.
Do you think that's possible?
No.
Huh?
And it's a bad idea.
What do you mean by that?
No, I think it's a great idea.
It's a challenge.
Are they up to the challenge?
No.
It's the 64 cent challenge.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, PON 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
OK, sir.
Dolphin haters actually make it their way
because if jury reads anything like any other jurors
who've seen a half hours of deliberation.
They don't look too good, does it?
No.
What they're probably trying to do
is figure out a way to other kind
of a compromise verdict to try to get maybe Tony
on the lesser charges.
And I'm freaking the other guy's already dead to rights
when I've been able to read.
But it looks like they're just going
to try to figure out a way.
Just if I would ever decision to come up with
because jury don't sit out this law.
If you're looking to make a guy, look not guilty.
Right.
They either buy the defense of the doubt.
Yeah, but what happened?
What if we get a hung jury?
Very good possibility.
You may have a couple of Dolphin fans
and they're going to hold out to a right way
by what was an obvious play by the defense.
Which by the way was the right thing to do?
Sure.
But you don't want to do it.
You've got a public figure.
You've got to play every card you got.
Right.
Especially since you're guys not terribly articulate
and can't really explain how it is.
You washed out 250,000 dollars.
Yeah, and maybe you was just that stupid.
But you know, I mean, after all, you say a pro football player.
Well, that yeah, and no, but you don't forget.
He had a fan length of business advisors around him.
Yeah.
And the most damaging testimony apparently
came from one of the advisors who quit and said,
hey, man, I'm not going to, I'm not going to dirty myself
with this stuff you know what's going on.
At which point, I guess Martin's supposedly said,
well, I don't want to know.
Don't tell me.
Now, ignorance is bliss.
Yeah, but it's not not really.
Hey, listen, real quick, man, another issue.
While you're building the perfect woman,
and don't have any suggestions, but not another topic.
You may be able to build the worst talk show host.
You know, take somebody's voice, somebody's laugh, somebody.
Somebody's laugh.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Yeah, we got that one.
There you go.
OK, thanks.
Later.
That's an excellent idea.
5, 6, 7, 05, 50.
Of course, I guess we got the, we already have them beat to that.
I mean, we had the worst talk show host all in one body
the other night.
Terrific.
Yeah, I think that's the one.
The worst lips, the worst voice, the worst personality,
the worst, you name it.
That's him.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Yeah, first of all, have a great vacation.
Thank you.
You led this community again this summer when the whole day.
I'll be here tomorrow.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'll be here tomorrow.
OK, secondly, that the perfect female body
of the courage celebrity tonight, Twain.
She is just perfect.
Yeah, just perfect.
And the family from the town.
Hand it eight, John the King.
Yeah.
OK, that's it.
OK, thanks.
Here we go.
We covered all the bases.
What was that racket in the background?
There was some really a shaking, rattling roll and going on there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Lauder Hill.
Hello, with a question mark.
Yeah, I know you said prison bitch was in the arcade on the archives,
but I still never heard it.
And I really like if you played it.
OK.
Well, why do you sound so defensive about it?
I don't know.
I listen to you show all the time.
Right.
And I never get lucky.
Well, you got lucky today, pal.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
It's coming any second and the prison bitch too.
OK, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I'm in a good mood today.
I mean, we're actually doing a show here somewhat.
We don't have some people hanging around in here.
We get rid of that chair, by the way.
Oh, it's sitting right in here.
Good.
I guess that means Jason can't come in here and eat anymore,
too, right?
Not that we want these people to take it personally,
right?
But it's just that this isn't the Christian science reading room
or lunch room or any of those things.
And it's just a breath of fresh air.
I feel like we've been allowed off of death's role for a day or two.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Mr. Rogers speaking.
How are you doing, sir?
OK.
A question.
You're talking about politics and about the, you know,
who's up for election.
OK.
How come in a country with 270 million people?
Right.
They only give you the choice of two political parties.
Isn't that sad?
I'm from the country where you go down very often, Holland.
15 million people, same population as Florida.
And the last election, we had sex political parties.
Do you like that?
We have the choice.
We have the Greens.
We have the Social League.
We also have the best education system in the world.
Happy.
You know, the Louis, sir.
That's what I read.
And it's the truth.
The kids in Amsterdam have the best test scores of any country.
Not only am I to them, the all of Holland.
Well, that's what I mean.
It has been like that for the last 100 years.
Right.
You know, it's a country with history.
It's a country with freedom.
We're talking about freedoms here in the US.
Right.
But we don't have any freedoms in the US.
If they only give you two choices.
And I think it's a shame that in a country with 270 million people,
they can't find one or two guys that will, you know,
would have, who will represent the majority of the population.
And everybody will agree with that.
But we took the two political party system for the editor.
Hopeless.
Try to get a Dutch nationality.
And you can vote next election in Holland.
OK, sounds good.
I'll be there.
Dr. Bell.
I'll be there.
5.67.0560.
05.60 on a mobile one line.
As we continue rolling along, singing a song,
knocking those days off on the calendar,
marking off those big marks, marquee marks, nothing like it, man.
Hey, I'll tell you what else there's
nothing like a great Stogie in your mouth.
And if you're under a lot of stress,
you know, if you're really worried about the Tony Martin verdict,
if you were to even lose your bets on a guy named Baldi and all these other things,
just pop a great Stogie from next to yours and your mouth light it up and puff away.
And all of a sudden, all your problems will just kind of like go up and smoke.
That's what they say at that airline.
You don't want to mention its name.
All your problems will go up and smoke sometimes in the cabin.
Are you airing shit like this?
Can't open up and down, fulzing up and down,
just promise them they didn't say this,
it didn't jump from now.
No, they didn't.
I'll say it for your ears,
it just gets you sent your feet to ease.
I'll tell a big heart,
we'll define the last earing.
Beacuse I don't want to go,
plastic gum,
seeds,
I don't want to feel small,
but did you get a boost up?
I don't need to be through it.
I want to see you soon,
see someone.
Okay, so Jason says he'll take the rest of a different role,
because the other guy can have a record.
He'll take the rest, which to reach its own.
Not everybody can have good taste.
Daniel Mom, teacher gave son drugs and booze
that Daniel Beach mother complained to Hollywood police Tuesday,
that a Broward school teacher accused of having an 18-month sexual affair
with a former student gave her son the prescription drug,
Lanx.
The mother, Brenda Del Valle,
42 also said her 17-year-old son accompanied Beth Friedman
and another teenage boy and a weekend of fishing trip,
in which the other youth had sex with Friedman,
and both boys were given alcohol and drugs.
How do you like that?
As the story,
I was trying to give her the benefit of the doubt the other day,
which she deserves, you know, before we fry her ass,
but she's getting into it a little bit deeper and a little bit deeper,
and it ain't looking too good.
You know what I'm saying?
You follow what?
Uh-huh.
I'm looking too good.
Because all you guys out there,
all the young guys and all the older guys,
wished that they were young again,
so they could have teachers like this,
but guess what?
Probably, it's not acceptable.
Oh, a little better looking.
Well, she's 40 years old now.
There's good looking 40-year-olds.
How about if maybe she was 35?
I think she'd still be ugly,
judging from the picture.
Here's a whole-yo and South Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a whole-yo,
and I do have something to say,
and I can't believe I've ever mentioned it about the cursing canoe,
or you didn't hear about that?
No.
It was on the news last night.
I don't know if it was any of the papers.
This guy was writing his canoe up in Dearfield or Daniel somewhere around there,
and he falls off his canoe,
so he starts cursing up a storm.
Meanwhile, there's an off-duty storm trooper,
who hears him,
and gives him a citation for cursing.
This sounds like the storm we had in Michigan about two months ago.
Well, this was here in Florida.
I just thought of him news last night.
So the guy's cursing, he gets a citation.
So he takes it to court,
because he figures, I mean, it's BS, right?
So he gets a fine and four days of community service
cleaning up the river where he was canoeing.
Uh-huh.
I mean, does there's any question of the reason why this country's in the shape,
but it's because all the time in effort for some guys that have a couple curse words?
Be okay, the effort.
There you go.
Yeah.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, you see what I mean?
It's just, it's hopeless.
I mean, I, I laid the challenge down there.
What?
Told you it was a bad idea.
No, no, it's a good idea,
because it just, it puts the spotlight out there.
They just can't do it.
They cannot do it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Sullivan, the history of mankind,
has a gigantic number of people from any, uh, general area,
I'm not saying all one country, but any general geographical area of the world,
come to one land and contributed so little to a radio show.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
I guess I didn't need to a radio show that part.
Hello.
Miami.
Somebody's did it in the back.
Yeah, okay.
They couldn't do it either.
Another one of your people.
Why is he opening the door in there again?
Okay, don't open the door again, Jason.
Getting them then you get out of here.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a, who we owe, but I'm, uh, I was born and raised in America,
so I don't know if that counts as counts.
Um, I don't know.
Okay.
Well, I got, at that point,
anything might count.
I got, I got some things like a copy about, um,
one kind of listener.
I just listened to you and my,
I was a kid in the early late 70s of my dad on AM radio.
My way to school,
he's the last four of us off.
But the reason why the old people were all down here is because if they
go anywhere else, they're going to die.
Oh, okay.
They're going to go to you in any other hospital anywhere else.
And, you know, you had to stay just about, you know, I,
I got a, a dad that he's got good, healthy Jewish doctors down here.
Miami.
And he moves up north and, uh, I don't know what it is, but up there,
all the others, uh, camel jockeys for doctors.
And, uh, they just about killed him up there.
So, you know, I don't know what's going on with all that.
What happened to a good American name like a gold steam or
bloomberg?
I've got Rasha and Sava.
Oh, yeah.
I hope he's over there.
I'm not about my age, about 25, you know,
all doctors, heart surgeons.
One guy looks like a guy that I just see him in the back.
Well, I got sounded driving those calves, you know,
I get a little, I'm looking at his heart surgeon up back to him.
And I could have sworn I went to the 7-11,
around the 30, he killed me a six-pack of beer.
Okay.
Well listen to me.
Okay, go ahead and have a great day.
You too, right?
And good luck to you, whatever you said.
What do you say?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello?
Kendall.
13 minutes.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Hi, Neil.
Are you on a speaker phone?
Yes.
You get off the speaker phone.
Pick up the instrument, sir.
Hi, sir.
That's, uh, okay.
Sorry.
I have to talk to you before.
Anyway, I just want to contribute, uh,
probably one little drop of wisdom.
Yeah.
As I'm concerned.
Yeah.
Um, my wisdom is this, uh,
anybody who comes from elsewhere here,
I always say when in Rome,
do like, do the one zoo.
People come here and they want to bring all their, um,
ballast, like, uh, they want to eat crap.
So they come here and eat crap.
They want to eat crap and eat the other.
Yeah.
The more successful, the more successful, uh,
a bunch of people who have accomplished that,
uh, come from the town south,
which is where I come from.
And I believe that people should come here and,
kind of like try to acquire or kind of go to the flow,
like in the old days, the Italian, the Ukrainian,
the Ukrainian, the everybody came here and they just went with the flow.
You know, they, they, they blow over the floor, right?
I, and all of us come here,
the South Americans and whatever, the Caribbean,
and just want to try to change this.
Now the job behind all this is,
is what I'm going to tell you.
Just Mexicans have been the servants of Americans in California,
and Texas, and elsewhere,
for years, for Ian.
And now it all is firing back.
In other words, we're going to be 20,
something million, a minority,
which should,
I have a neutral observant person of this phenomena,
should just be like a call to attention to blacks,
you know, who are so jumpy and all that,
2000 years coming.
Blacks are going to be down below the Latino people,
or whatever, the Jennifer Longer.
Oh, no, you're right.
You're talking about that, blacks are reproducing like,
like cockroaches, just to make sure that they're...
I mean, you know, we should come here
and be ready to walk away.
Look, if you saw the country that I'm coming from...
Where is that? What country is that?
I was born in Guatemala.
Guatemala?
Yes, I was not like this washer or anything.
I was a little boy, and my parents and me here,
Baton Rouge, Louisiana,
oh, LSU,
boy.
And I went there to school,
and whatever, that was a long time ago.
I tried to adapt to the system,
because I came here to study
that I decided to stay here.
So I'm not going to start badmouth in this country,
which is the greatest country in the world.
No, it's not.
But it's a great model of it.
I heard all that, yeah.
No, it's not. It's a pity.
I hear all these little people, you know,
that were like nothing in their countries.
Yeah, now they're big shots.
That's right, now they've got a big mouth.
Good point.
Tarlie, I mean, you have to bow down to your protector.
Bow down to your protector.
Kisser.
Yeah, good.
I'm the ring.
Tarlie.
Now you got it. Have a great day, pal.
You too.
Thank you.
Bye.
What do you say?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
He said it very eloquently, whatever it was.
And pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Oakland Park. Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I got an update for the Tony Martin case.
Yeah.
Yeah, I just saw on CMBC on my way back from a launch.
They're going to have a continuous till Friday.
What they're going to do is they're going to bring in
Sammy Smith as a character witness for the defense.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, so that's what they were bringing in OJ for.
And also I heard that.
Role.
I was going to come in.
Oh, OJ. He's a little busy now.
You know, he's got a-
I heard Mark Dubor was coming in.
Dubor lives over here in Corsbridge.
I heard Mark Clayton's coming in.
Clayton's coming in too.
They're all going to come in.
I heard the brain Lawrence Phil is back for the White Coast.
So was this for a couple hours, yeah?
That's true.
I have a quick question.
And I'll let the matrices under contract.
I hear he may show up.
Oh, you know, he's over at the ministry right now.
He'll be available later.
He's over there with Reggie.
I don't know how he could be.
I had a quick try to do white.
Yeah.
I got a problem, my dog's got this dog here and he's scoofed.
There's something like that.
Oh, he's scooing, huh?
Yeah.
Where's this scooing lady?
We're still here.
Did you tell me anything about that?
He was kind of-
He needs to have his anals expressed.
Oh, really?
I call analexpress.
Or take him to the vet.
Yeah, he has to have his anal expression. Oh, do they have a 2.5% APR now?
Yes, they do. All right. Yeah. Thanks. Okay. Good luck. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 is
special this month only and pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Oh, the poor
scooting lady. Now do we ever discover? Oh, I'm not going to ask because if I ask
then you know who's going to call in. Not the same person. Okay. You know the
question. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. That would be a fate
worse than death and we're doing so well. See, I should never have said that.
Here's a lady in Miami Lakes. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. How are you? Okay.
I have a comment for the guy from WaterMata that he said this to countries the
bomb. He's right. It is a bomb. Now let's talk about the acus diet.
Yeah. What advice can you give me about them?
48th try on this. Yes. What advice can I give you for what?
For the acus diet. About what? What's the question?
Do you consider like the fajita from a taco is that considered bread? Of course.
Can't have that. Okay. No, because I lost seven pounds and I started last Sunday. Yeah.
So no fajitas, sweetheart. Okay. Just eat the stuff out of the middle. Just use the fajita as a
holder. So just meet cheese and eggs. There you go. Okay. Okay. Keep it up, sweetheart.
That's your 48th try on it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
The yeah, the gauntlet has been laid down there for all the Holy O's and South Florida to contribute
to our conversation we're having today. We're talking politics. We're talking Tony Martin.
We're talking about this. The school teacher brought. We're talking about life in America.
We're talking about Guatemala. We're talking about Yamama.
Now 42,625. What is it? 42 million? I'm sorry. His spanics down here. And when you ask like,
what's, you know, talk about something besides the hell with the hell. Come on. Let's get with it.
Okay. Let's start like a guy from Guatemala said, doing the Romans, the Roman way. Because when
you rub them the wrong way, they start getting really pissed off. And then they call them their
decision-friends. And you got real tourists. 1256 at 560 W to QAM.
It's not just the one to two hour. It's the phenomenon. Wow, it's really hot out. This sucks.
Did someone say it's really hot out? And this sucks? Yeah. Well, I've got just a thing for you.
Oh, gross. Is the all new? Blow, brand air conditioner. Oh, man. What did you eat?
There's nothing like out. Sweet, cool breeze on a hot, blustery day, right?
Yeah. You stopped doing that, please. Well, blow, brand. Is your best.
Fine. Back off. Can you imagine just one more day of this hot stuff?
No. Then pick up the phone and call blow, brand air conditioning today.
Oh, yeah. There he's a breathless. Oh, wait. Blow, brand air conditioning. Loud and annoying,
but works great. And it blows. One o'clock at 560 WQM. We got Jim Mandage from Shulis Day 2 at
2 o'clock. We got Bonnie B talking baseball. It says here 6 to 7. I still can't figure that out.
Because maybe there's no pregame show tonight. Could that possibly be in? And then the Marlins in
the Diamondbacks again, 7 o'clock tonight. And some Arlins after that great comeback last night.
They tie it up with four runs and they lose anyway. Anybody care? No.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, hi, Neil. How are you? Great.
Hey, I'm a Julio and I have something to contribute. All right.
But I would American Airlines by report. Okay. I understand from a source on the inside that
they employ a lot of X NFL football players. Yeah. They also employ a lot of flavors. Uh-huh.
So here's another guy that's got nothing to say. Is that what you are, sir? Another Julio with
nothing to say? No, they also, uh-huh. And you're also an asshole. It's just amazing to me.
It's like an ethnic thing. I never realized this before. It's like an ethnic trait.
What is it? I'm going to cry. Oh, that's sure. They really is. He's a Julio that's got something to
say. And right away, here come the dings. Here's the attempt to be a comedian. Here's the attempt to
do the little homophobic stuff. It's pathetic. I mean, you know, it must be a self-hating thing. I
understand, you know, that you're a little bit confused because you were raised with a real
strict Catholic upbringing and a macho thing and you're very uptight about your
tremendous yearnings for other men. I understand that. But don't take it out on me unless you want
to. Of course, I don't care. I'm used to it. I mean, I'm embarrassed for you, people. It's just
amazing to me. George is embarrassed. Well, that's because you're a professional human. If you
get over that, what difference would it make? Well, you're a professional, Jesus. No, I'm not.
The old Jews call here. Do I take that personal that there's such a bunch of assholes so many of them
out there? Doesn't bother me. I take great delight in calling the spade of spades. I'm sorry. My name's
you. A private snax in the stones. Here's a mobile in the gables. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing,
sir? I'm glad that you're still that this country isn't. I mean, there's this country's
imperfect, but I've traveled. What other country would you consider better than America? Most of the
countries in Western Europe, such as Netherlands, Denmark, Netherlands, the Netherlands is great to visit,
but to live. Have you lived there? I've been there, but I would never want to have you lived there.
What's considered living there? Been there for two weeks. Is that considered living there? I've
been there. I haven't. No, that's not considered living there. Being somewhere two weeks doesn't mean
you live there. I could tell. Have you been to Denmark? You could tell what? I could tell I would never.
That's not a place to live. It's dirty. It's a great place to visit. There's a lot of
things that it's dirty, a lot of drugs, a lot of drugs. Where? You ever going to answer them?
Yeah, all of like five times a year. Did you tell me you would like to live there? I loved. I'm
going to live there. You're going to live in Amsterdam? Yes, sir. Well, I hope that it will tax the
hell out of you there. Meaning what? The taxes in Western Europe are absurd. And you would want to live
it up. In other words, I don't pay absurd taxes here now. You pay high taxes here, but not absurd.
Well, what's absurd? What's the tax rate in the Netherlands? 60 percent. How do you know that?
Because I know this. 60 percent on what? How much do you have to make to pay 60 percent?
How much do you think it's so when I tax you 60 percent? Yeah. I have not
know the exact figure. You really know what you're talking about. How about Denmark? Have you
ever been there? I have been at Denmark. And I would never want to live there. What other
country? You know something, sir. It's a free world, okay? And if you think this is a great
way to get out of America, get the hell out of here. I will. Leave. And you want to know why?
Because assholes like you. That's why. Screw you, Neil. Yeah, screw you. Screw you.
See, here's a guy, and again, it's typical of these people. You can't have a difference of
opinion. You can't have a discussion. Oh, if you don't agree with him, screw you. Get out of here,
then, huh? You're a moron, man. You're an imbecile. Oh, it's filthy there and there's lots of drugs.
Thank God here in South Florida. We don't have lots of drugs. Thank God for that.
Except over there to American Airlines this morning. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60. Screw you, Neil. Yeah.
Screw you. I don't like you attitude, man. Screw you. That's the market, I have it in
a way. You have a different opinion. Screw you. That's where this guy went to school, I think,
screw you. And they sure did a good job, too, by the way. Here's Miami. Hello?
Yeah, you need that 98 degrees. What about that, too?
5, 6, 7, another mouth breather. Well, I tell you, picked up where we left off yesterday. We
left off at 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello?
Neil. Yes, sir? Yeah, it's also something in the paper today. I don't know if you saw it. It's about this
Jewish kid, Samuel Shinebine. Yeah. He brutally murdered someone. Yes, sir. And in Maryland,
in jail for about five minutes in Israel, yes. Yeah, yeah. He's going to be on weekend furloughs
in a couple of years. This makes me sick because you know, it's like years and sort of more of a
bad light than I think they already are. What do you mean by that? Well, I mean, just people that I
know tend to have impression that they're arrogant. A lot of them are obnoxious and whatever. But what I'm
trying to say is if it had been other way around and the flattened kid had killed little Jewish
boy and then fled the origin. Little Jewish boy. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Little Jewish,
you boy. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. I'm going to tell you, man, here's this
other asshole I called two calls ago. Just keep listening to these people. Then you'll understand
what a great country this is. Okay. And about the great education system we got.
Here's Daniel. Hello. No, God. I'm a recovering Catholic. I see my posture about twice a week.
She's thinking I need more therapy, but I can't afford it. My HMO won't cover it. I'd love to
go to answer them and I could probably be pretty covered there. What do you think? Let's go to a
Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, God. Yes, sir. How's your yesterday when you closed? You said
exactly the right thing about the place down here. And I believe everybody today is
ongoing proof of it too. This is right. You know, everybody comes into our country. I believe
they're all about the undesirables. They need a good kick in the head.
So there.
I hope you're not there. I hope you're not there.
Oh, Neil. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I knew he was still there.
A pound 5, 60 on the 18T wireless line. Oh, man. I'm going to tell you.
American must have done a really good job at distributing that stuff. Yeah, get the spoon.
Get the big spoon out. He's got the big. Yeah. Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Just so you know, all your fans aren't a bunch of football for weeks.
There's some of us out here that like the pet shop boys. And have you heard anything from the
pet shop boys? They've got anything coming out lately or I haven't got any ideas. No idea.
No. Okay, Neil. Like your show. Neil. Okay. Take it easy. Whatever that means. Whatever that says.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18T wireless line. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello.
Hey, me. How are you? I'm okay. I hope you have a nice vacation.
Does that mean that George will be on? Yes, ma'am. I can hear that.
Oh, no.
Another one of yours. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18T line.
I'm telling you, you wonder why people get pissed off? Why people who live out of a fled from this town?
Just listen, these last couple of days. Listen to last several years. Not just the last couple of days.
But especially now that I'm offering, I'm extending the hand of friendship. I'm extending an
open invitation to any Holyo's out there that I have an IQ larger than their thumbnail. But actually,
I have something to say about anything. And yet so far, have we had one? I don't think no. No.
No. Look at the mirror, honey. Mirror is what you'll see, sweetheart. On two legs.
Floridians, dumb-ass dirt. If you can't get enough of the likes of Dr. Laura, how about this?
Oh, Dr. Radio. That's right. It's nothing but those syndicated self-help talk shows to help you
agonize 24 hours a day. How many police turn it off except stupid-
Oh, Dr. Radio. We knew you'd be excited. Hey, doing tonight's Professor Joy Brown following Dr.
Lohan. And Dr. Dr. Dr. Wil. Dr. Sue, Dr. Kim, Dr. Ida. Dr. Dudeland, Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr.
Dr. Hookan, Dr. T. And wrap it up with foot advice from Dr. Shoe. Why here? Why here?
Well, you don't know. Because we're going to put you over the head.
The light on all Dr. Radio.
Once there came the 560 WQMI sentiments exactly. You know, the dumbest call I've had all month.
And then it had last couple of days that's covering a lot of territory with the young guy that called
a couple of calls back with his song and the dance about, Amstivam and the Netherlands.
Screw you, Neil. You're so dumb that I'm embarrassed for you. Oh, it's dirty.
No, it's not dirty. The fact is that anywhere in Europe, I hate to break the news to you.
But those cities are older. They have a history. They've been there a long time.
Most of the buildings haven't been built like in the last 100 years or 50 years or 20 years.
And they don't have like a lot of glitzy strip shopping centers with a lot of neon signs for you.
Nothing dirty about Western Europe. It's the culture is like there's something there.
And as opposed to just hamburger joints, although we're doing a real good job of
infiltrating there with McDonald's and Burger King. That's a great American contribution to Western
European civilization. You're a moron pal. You're an idiot. Just pat pat pat pat pat pat
Oh, screw you man. Screw you. Hey, listen, whatever you like, more power to you.
Guess what? The rest of the world doesn't necessarily have to see the world through your eyes, asshole.
And thank God some of us don't. Here's the mobile and crawl springs. Hello.
Hello, Nia. Yes, sir. Let me ask you a question. Have you ever lived in a different country?
No. How can you compare? How can I compare what?
United States who are living in different countries in the world.
I can compare the conditions in other countries. I try to go to Europe five times a year.
I just came back from the Europe and terrible. Where was that?
Terrible. Where were you?
I've been in Spain. I've been in Spain. I've been in Madrid.
I can walk on the street. Yeah. I mean, everybody. Where else have you been in Europe?
Name it. London. Italy. Italy.
I think Italy. I was afraid to walk on the street. Where was that? What city?
Rome. You were afraid to walk on a street in Rome?
Yeah. I've been in Rome 60 times. They were robbing the people there.
You're talking about the pick pockets? Pick pockets. Let me ask you sir. Where is it?
Where is it safer to walk the streets at night in Miami or in Rome?
I tell you the truth. I have skills safer in Miami.
You walked the streets in Miami at night?
Well, I don't. How many people? How long were you in Rome, sir?
I've been three times in Rome. How long?
I've been so bad. How come you went three times?
Three days. If you were so bad. You know something.
I took a cruise. That was on a cruise. I didn't even want to go there.
I didn't. I didn't. A lot of people got three times.
How many people got murdered when you were there three times?
Not that I know. How many people were shooting guns off in the streets when you were there?
Well, in three days I didn't really listen to the news. It's not enough time.
But I lived in a different country. Let me tell you.
Then what country was that?
But who now wants to live there?
Well, I live there. I have no choice. My parents have to do that.
I don't want to live in Israel. I don't want to visit Israel.
If I want to see a lot of Jews, I can go to sunrise. I don't need to go to Israel.
Well, that's okay. We're talking over the world.
No, we're talking about civilized countries. We're talking about Holland.
We're talking about Scandinavia. We're talking about Germany.
We're talking about a lot of other places. We're not talking about Israel.
Well, we're not. You ask me to talk to the North.
I don't wear a view of Italy. We're talking about you?
You're views of Italy. First of all, you have people when I get off the boat
and you're talking about a few gypsies, picking people's pockets.
If that's your idea of being a dangerous place to live,
then again, we have a difference of opinion.
Not only that, go to Naples.
I don't want to go to Naples. There are nothing but schleppers in Naples.
What the hell do I want to go to Naples here?
You're afraid to sit in the car with your windows open.
How about driving into Overtown about 9 o'clock tonight?
Do you want to sit in Overtown with your windows down?
Well, sir.
My opinion is...
No, why don't you answer my question?
No, I don't. I want.
I do that for your question.
Yeah.
But I've been almost all over the world.
Yeah.
I lived in a different country.
Yeah, you lived in Israel.
You lived in Israel.
Right.
And you're comparing a country where you're surrounded by your immortal enemies.
Constantly at war and you're comparing that with anything else?
I'm not talking about that.
I've been involved in wars.
I didn't involve in other things.
I'm not talking about the wars.
If that's your opinion, you're entitled to it,
but you're not going to convince me, okay, sir?
And have a great day.
Thank you.
Saagu's on.
Psychotic about it.
He went to Rome and they were...
They were robbing the people.
I've only been in Rome 60 times.
You walk this street tomorrow night.
Everybody's friendly.
There's a few gypsies.
And if you can't tell the gypsies after the first 20 times you've been there,
you're pretty guy damn stupid.
Because they all wear the same outfit.
They're all carrying the babies in their arms.
They're practically like they're holding up a sign.
They're saying we're pickpockets.
Any takers out there?
Anybody want to come near us?
That's the worst thing you got to worry about.
In Rome, in Milan, in Florence.
I never saw any goddamn gypsies in Florence.
And this guy's hucking me a china kabata.
It was so dangerous and so bad there
that he didn't want to get off the boat.
Oh man, this is special.
This is great.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Neil, guys.
Yes, sir.
I haven't called you in a mobile year.
I'm a reformed
addict.
Yes.
Anyway, all these years you've been talking about,
you know,
just play sucks,
just play stings,
everything else.
And I always just took it with a grain of salt.
But let me tell you something.
You were so right.
You were so right to the point where I am
attacking up the U-Holum Friday.
I'm getting the hell out of here.
Finally, this place is just
is just a list as long as my arm.
Yeah.
With the stuff I see it all the ass hole
New Yorkers are down here.
Mine's a little back up there.
Might as well.
Might as well.
Well, thanks for the entertainment.
I appreciate it.
Now look for you on the web.
Okay, good luck.
Okay, there he goes.
Thank you.
He's not moving to Israel.
You know what I'm saying?
Oi!
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a quick question about Mayor P. Nellis.
This guy is trying to find funds now.
Or where to get his money from for his penny.
I got shot down.
What do the need to use the money that he's investing into
the arena, the John Henry Stadium?
There isn't any money in any John Henry stand.
There's no John Henry.
No, well, that's what they're planning on doing.
Using the tourist tax for it.
The tourists are more likely to use the bus
and transportation.
They have better chance of using that
than going to a game.
You have to ask him, sir.
I can't tell you.
I can't answer.
I figured maybe you put a little
two cents worth in there.
I already put my two cents worth in there.
I put about two million dollars
in the effort on the penny sales bag
making sure it didn't get passed.
Let's go.
Well, thank you.
Okay, and have a great day.
Uh-huh.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I can't be there.
I'll ping this book,
and I'm sorry.
Ask him.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I was just wondering, Neil,
why the American has the,
or America has the problem with people
trying to get into this country,
and these countries that you're talking about
don't have the same problem.
They don't?
No.
How about England?
You prove it because you still live here.
How about England?
They don't have an immigration problem?
For Americans?
No, no.
For Americans, they're not trying to make it out of this country.
They're not moving to other countries.
Why not?
They're trying to move to other countries.
People don't believe that.
I mean, people don't believe it.
It's a fact.
It's not a question whether
I believe it or not.
It's not a fact.
It's not a fact.
It's a fact.
You can't prove it.
How do you prove it?
How do you know that?
Prove it.
How do you know that?
Prove it to you, sir.
You're a moron.
You're an imbecile.
How do I know it?
Okay, there is nobody from America
who ever moves to another country.
Okay.
Are you happy now, sir?
Uh-huh.
Okay, thank you.
Now, you see, the people that are clamoring
to move into this country
are from banana mode countries.
They're slippers.
There are people living
on tremendous oppression,
living in rampant poverty
and squalor.
Those are the people
knocking down the doors to come
into America.
We don't have long lines
of people waiting to come
into America from Italy,
from Germany,
from the Netherlands,
from Switzerland,
from England,
from those countries.
No, we do not, sir.
From France.
Thank God.
See, this is the thing
with most Americans.
As most of them
haven't been anywhere anyhow.
Okay, I told you before,
their idea of a vacation
is a week in the store.
A weekend in the
Sonnestiki.
That's the idea of a big,
you know,
a big escape.
And some of these people
have been somewhere.
Well, I tell you,
you must really know
they had all the high spots.
God, it was in Rome.
He didn't want to get off the
goddamn banana boat.
He was so, uh,
terrified.
Because it was so dangerous.
That could be one
of the most stupid things I ever heard
in my life.
He'd rather walk the streets
in Miami at night
than the streets in Rome.
All I can say to that is, sir.
Here's Biscayne Park.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, you are the man.
Yeah, I'm the man.
And I am picking up in one week
and fleeing this
this country and South Florida
and going up north.
Yeah, I cannot wait to get out of here.
And I just wanted to call and say,
thanks for early afternoon's
of entertainment
and call the people of real
radio and more land of douchebags.
Okay, sir.
Good luck.
Thanks a lot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're the best, baby.
We're the best.
We're number one.
God damn it.
Wait that flag.
Okay.
A lot of cliches.
Education system blows.
Life expectancy right
way way down here on the list.
Quality of medical here.
Do we have national health care?
No.
No.
Even our friends to the north
are a light years ahead of us on that.
And I talked to the people up there
about that.
They're embarrassed for us.
But you know, when you're sufficiently brainwashed,
it's great.
Here's four-letteredale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
My sister out in the west coast has the all-time phrase
that just typifies what goes on.
Every time I see there's something wrong here,
she said, well, that's the way it is.
That's typical of down here.
That's a Walter Cronkite, sir.
Is that what he says?
That's the way it is.
That's the way it is.
And that's the last, that was her last words that I spoke to her.
When she called, she said, well, that's the way it is now hung up.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Well, I guess I will too then.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come on, fuck, 60 on it.
Well, that's, I guess what you're supposed to do
after he says it.
It's like a cue.
That's the way it is.
You know, and then...
There you go.
Boy, that's alto and trick them down.
Slow on it.
Bad line.
Man.
Slow as molasses.
Here's the mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Neil, how are you doing, buddy?
Pretty good.
Good.
Listen, I wanted to correct that, you know,
Lee, they called a little while ago about George.
Thanks.
Yeah, okay, great.
Let's go to a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, we're on.
You're talking about other countries,
and so I've traveled a bit on business,
and I've been in most countries in Europe.
I've never for an extended space,
so I can't compare.
Mm-hmm.
I can't relate.
But, uh, well, I sure appreciate coming home
to some of the conveniences we have
that you don't have over there.
Like what?
Like what?
Oh, well, I don't know.
Like shopping after five o'clock
in the afternoon in Germany.
And you ever tried to buy anything after five PM in Germany?
Sure.
Okay, depending on what day the week it is.
They're all of Europe is expanding their shopping hours.
Now that they got the, uh,
you know, the euro thing going,
they're all expanding their hours.
They are.
Now, now they are.
But okay, I'm thinking it's three four years ago.
But I mean, really, is that what the quality of life is all about,
shopping after five o'clock?
Well, I guess that's pain measurement,
but I mean, it was, I just appreciate the
in Germany, when I was, I'd go over for two weeks
a year every year for a trade show.
To what city?
Hand over it.
Hand over for the seat of the bill.
Oh, well, I don't know anything about hand over.
Oh, um, you know, you're, you're staying, uh,
the streets and hand over, for instance,
I mean, those streets are a hundred and some years old, most of them.
And, uh, they got cars parked on sidewalks three deep, you know,
there's the conveniences I guess get to me.
And I've been in Budapest, uh, in other places.
So you have a bit, a lot of the old world,
and it's, and it's not that easy to fit with modern day.
But it's certainly not.
How about Berlin?
If you've been in Berlin,
yes, I have.
Berlin's as modern as any city in America.
Absolutely.
I'll be back to the war, obviously.
Yeah, Berlin is some huge streets.
You ever go down that main dragon, Berlin?
The Kudam.
Yeah, I mean, and that's why that's why I ran into my favorite beer in the world.
Budvar.
Yeah.
Did you run into that over there?
No, I didn't run it, but I drive carefully.
Okay, I have a great taste.
Or whatever you said, you know what he said?
No, five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line,
127 to QMP.
Right.
Right.
The burritos and don't care.
Got it, my underwear.
It makes you want to cry.
You know from where it came,
you've done the cramps drive you insane.
Ooh, it makes you want to die.
Ooh, you should have bought some time.
Ooh.
Because now you've got to run me.
If it won't come you know how much noise it does get down but when it's off,
I think I may have to reassess my vacation plans. You know what I'm saying?
Yes, it has to key sounds good. Any place in the U.S. of A, you know, except of course
a Y. That's too far in the middle of nowhere. In Alaska. Any place in a great 48.
5670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Lot of good strip shopping centers, lot of
neon signs, glitzy modern, you know, shop whenever it had shop tell you drop. Here's
the
OK, let's go to a mobile in four-letter day. Hello.
Mobile in four-letter day.
OK, they can't do it either. OK, we were smoking a lot here to about one o'clock and
then all of a sudden they just started crumbling it to seems. Started regressing the
whole crowd.
5670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Daniel. Hello.
OK, sir. I got two words for Americans after traveling out of this country.
Americans are ignorant and arrogant. Right, very good. Well said.
I'm surprised that some of these people don't have to take a saliva test before they
die. I mean, why does it, why does it have to be either or? I mean, there are certain
things obviously you do like the convenience of a lot of things in this country and other
things that you enjoy about other places. Why does it have to be us against them, this
kind of xenophobic idiotic and their almighty mentality? Like the kid that was so psychotic.
It's growing on here because I happen to like it in the Netherlands or a lot of other
places in Western Europe. Is that make me a bad person because I don't agree with his
God damn neuroview of the world, I guess? It makes me evil, I guess.
It is an hour of view of the world. The kids that come over here without speaking English
in 20 years later, they're valedictorian to their high school class. These white people
have been here for five generations that haven't gotten past high school. They wonder why.
They think it's something genetic. It's not. Simply that people around the rest of the
world make more from less than we do. Waste everything, spoiled rotten. People get to buy
everything 24 hours a day at discount prices. That's what America is. People just want to buy,
buy, buy. I'm sure the convenience is that other God missed is like football on Sunday
afternoon. Table TV, wow.
They are a Jew. They break the news, didn't they got all the cable TV you want all over
the world. It's not you know. And they got all the sports you want. They got satellite
dishes and they come in to great shock to them. But they have satellite dishes, they even
got milk and inflation dishes too for the guy from Israel. Five, six, seven, oh five,
60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, we're ignorant. We like it. Ignorance
is bliss. Stop saying, you know, tell us those things, we don't like it. So we're going
to attack you, fat little fat you. Okay, great. You want to see the size of the check.
They put in my pocket this morning, okay? You know what I'm saying?
Long me, Shostee, though.
Couldn't phase me less.
Oh, but we're gonna see this is another thing about it and you just listen to this show.
The anger that hate the intolerance to the psychosis. Oh, I'm gonna get you. I'm gonna get even I'm gonna what tacky longer
The hostility especially here in South Florida. The unfriendly is place in the world where everybody hates everybody else
And so you open up the phone line. It's just a festering. It's a it's a festival of hate
Don't it doesn't phase me. They're never gonna phase me
Just take that check right to the bank. Thank you
Here's Miami. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I love this show the first time caller
Just wanted to make a comment about that individual that called earlier. What a real moron
Which one well? I want about the Johnny kit what a close-minded individual a real loser and
These people they need to open up their minds and deal with the reality of it, you know, you can't be
So negative like that
Yeah, it's unbelievable. Well some of the comments, you know
I just wanted to throw in my two cents on that because that was a pretty dumb comment and if you can do it for us put that
Country-tune on some time darn you show
Put the country tune on. Yeah, your little country
You know, okay, sure whatever you say here's Palm Springs North. Hello
Neil guy. Yes, sir. Hey, I've been brainwashed by you. I think
I've been listening for about nine years and I agree with almost I mean, I don't like to say I agree with every anything
I don't understand
What you're coming from how could people slam the things you say because everything you say makes sense?
I don't I don't expect people to agree with anything I say
But the idea that because I say something that's different
I mean is it worth having a major argument and getting psychotic?
Screw you because they don't agree about which country that they want to live in well
I want to live how do you like that? Right everybody has an opinion just you know
So that we can say whatever they want the reason I call those in addition to which if you save your retain your US citizenship
And your money is all over here anyway except what you're living on you don't pay taxes to a foreign country
You pay taxes to this government. So what difference does it make this guy's gonna be a song event about 60% taxes and this and that and the so dirty and
About a guy like that moron and embassy in an addition of which if it was so bad there how come he was there for two weeks
He was there for two weeks, but it was so bad was just awful. Hey
One one thing I wanted to mention you know that that big you got that says oh man
I was listening to that I was watching TV and Bo Griffins a psychic hotline came on
Yeah, and this guy was asking questions about his girlfriend and the psychic said well
This is a psychic said your girlfriend. She just went on a vacation right and he goes
Yeah, she went on a business trip and they said no it wasn't a business trip. She was going on a romantic
Getaway and I
Know
One million past the meal Rogers. He's in the his out. Exactly every time I hear that I die
Okay, I know you're not in the anal but I am okay great
Okay 22 before two at five so I'm telling you they're all crazy. They're all certified will make no mistake about it
Even when you think you got something that's like you know
Maybe a close to ration like like a 20% yeah sooner later it went and doubt they blurred it out
I reckon loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking in
Stores now from the makers of nickaderm the creators of Wonder Bra and fruit of the loom underwear
It's a revolutionary new underwear for men that lift
Separate pushes up out and largest the ball minimizes friction and corrosion and helps you quit smoking
It's wonder where for men makes me look more masculine and I'm done only two packs of that hey that chicks are back
I love mine so much I haven't taken it off for a whole week
I wear two pair at the same time and my boyfriend Bruce he just goes absolutely nuts. He's just totally bonkers
I was a heavy-spoker
Synod just where three pairs of wonderware and I was able to quit cold turkey
Oh, my girlfriend convinced I'm hungry like a T-rag they all knew wonder where from nickaderm
Wonder Bra and fruit of the loom and coming soon the Viagra Derm jobstrap
145 60 W.C. and the one company thing that all of this is if you think these calls the last two days are really bad and they were
The calls on the sports shows are a thousand times worse
50,000 times worse
Trust me when I tell you and I'm sure you'll take my word for it. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello
Hi, Neil. I'm not gonna get myself upset over these people calling and being ridiculous and psychotic, but
Just a couple points. I've lived in South Florida for 20 years and
Probably never move anywhere else like I'm used to it probably but
There's only two reasons why even stay down here and that's you and the Humper and
That's about it. I like to call the small dog a little dog. Okay, let's go to a mobile in hell and there. Hello
Mobile in hell and there long gone. Okay, plodding right along. Here's Kendall. Hello
Yes, sir, you get near the phone somewhere around 50 hours. I just want to verify something
I am very happy that you love Europe
right and
My point was when I called you before you call me sir once the king always the king once a night's enough
This is the guy that was not before that was rambling on for like 50 hours already, okay?
Get your own show pal
Man, just unbelievably. I'm telling you there's something in the water. Can't you guys got that woodpecker going believe me
You can hear it. Listen
That's it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 80 we got 28 million
Julios in his town and I get nothing but about your jackballs and then this guy wants to call me back after you made a
17 minutes speech before that was coma inducing and go on again
He wants to elucidate and clarify godios pal are we better cheap and one of the great things about the Netherlands is that no matter
How many times you go there you don't hear anybody speaking esponial oh hallelujah
That alone if nothing else good was going on there that all by itself never anybody speaking
Sponial in Denmark oh hallelujah
Oh a happy day
Here's North Miami hello
North Miami. Yeah, no. Yes, sir
In response to a caller called up a few I got two or three back into the Americans are the most rudest people
I just wanted to come over to Aventura and take a look at this town
This is probably the most rude of the notches foreigners in this town is probably 80 or 90 percent foreigners and
Move that would be a good suggestion. Here's a mobile and baby. Hello. Yes, sir
With regards to that column the Linda Roberts this morning
I agree I think she just made herself look very stupid and not even understanding like you said just the simple
Civil legal system
But wasn't she the one they wrote the column on bandage a few years ago where she
Criticized him for his nanderfall attitudes at his accent or something like that. Oh, I don't remember
Yeah, I think she was the one that did I guess probably she's a dumb bitch
Yeah, it was it was totally stupid. It was a ridiculous column that she comes out with these every once in a while
I don't understand why she's even on the sports page
I think she works for the Harold right and I guess that says it all same reason that Barry Jack asks rights in their sports section
They don't have they don't have real professional calmness over there generally speaking mostly
I mean they may have one or two people on the payroll like 80 the Pope and a few old parts like that
But generally they got a bunch of stringers
They have a bunch of kids and stringers who get paid by the peace kind of like a prostitute
And they really think that they compare with
Painters like the Washington Post of course, of course not nobody in the right mind really believes that those days are long gone man
Yeah, well that's what choice just like nightrider long gone
Absolutely and have a great day. Have a good day
Here's a pop it'll be chill out
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay?
I was listening to while ago when you
Talking about the ratings and so forth and it seems like every station that you
Talking about what ratings what was I talking about ratings? I was
Yeah, you was talking about the book and you said it puts you on the sports show
You know they put you one they put you on the all sports talk show and all I was talking about very Jackson
Yeah about how the fact that he never wrote anything about it. Yes. Yeah, okay. I'm sorry in any event
I've listened to you for years and
You seem to go to the top of every station you're at but you're always at the station now come you don't get a place like
Shooters take to the broadcast from as opposed to just I don't want to broadcast from outside it makes it impossible
I got all my equipment in here all out the
Doing the shows on the outside creates a thousand headaches. Why do I want that? Oh?
I don't know. I just thought you know people like see you. I will enjoy your show
But we never we just hear you have a face for radio man. That's the way it works. Oh, okay. Thanks so much
Okay, thank you. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Hello, Neil. This is a guy with a bad phone. He was a
Sounded like RJ in Tindola doing a voice
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Weston. Hello
Me all my little do it from Weston. I love you show. Yeah, I sell for a living and you make my drive much more pleasant
I'm calling because the last couple days I've heard you comment on all these good pizza places and all and one name I haven't heard is
Over in Kibisking. There's a little pizza place called Sir Pizza
Yeah, and I've heard you talk about Godfather and all these other things and that hasn't been mentioned
I mean it's they got tech think I'm one of the best pizzas I've ever tasted
We have a thing only most of us on Kibisking. We're just an ordinary. You know, oh, yeah
You got to pay a dollar to go try it
Listen, I love your show and I can I call someone to do spec? Go ahead Mark's here for a new adoos spec. Okay pal
There you go. I got you the whole column but I need
I
Mean wasn't great, but at least it was something
George is doing hail Mary's and crossing himself. We finally got one. There you go
That's a start and that old guy by the way to call back a second time I think he's still talking I believe
Uh-huh. I should have just put him on hold with you to go on back here every few minutes
Man man, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Okay just relax, okay, pal life goes on everything'll be okay
And you you'd like Israel. Yeah, right no, this wasn't the Israel guy. It wasn't it was shown
now this was not the israel guy this was the other guy
this was the israel guy who old guys talking about that now this was a
whole the whole israel guy was not really all
no the real guy was in his really right this guy wasn't in his really my
guy you listen to the tape back later not now please
trust me when i tell you was one of us somebody's people nobody wants to
take credit here's hi alia hello
hello yes sir
how you doing now okay uh... long time less than the first time caller
yes my brother term you have to uh... you have a piece called
spasal of azo
you still have that you can do and can you can request it it's coming up
uh... in just a matter of moments is matter of fact
okay thank you very much i'm such a great guy
yes you are okay thank you very much yeah
how do you like that you love me and hi alia baby you miserable spics out
there that's two and a row yet we'll get the good spics we got a separate
it's like separate the week from the chat the milk from the cream however
the hell that thing goes
coulds from the way occurred from the way okay and get out of our way okay
because we're plowing right on through with the elected or not
make way
people for the american
way
five six and five sixty
pound five sixty on and you notice by the way that regents become a parody of
himself
they had a new quiche on which i watched about thirty seconds of it like that
only because i read that they screwed up last week and they gave the guy they
said he gave the wrong answer you give the right answer
but anyway the readjust i love your readjust but you're becoming a parody of
yourself
you know
any talks like a talks like a
