4.2560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rodgers.
5 hours today, guys.
The Neil called 5.670 5.60 toll free for needed rarer or pound 5.60 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect
those of WQAM by being at positions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rodgers on 4.2560 QAM.
The media is sick and need 26.0070.
Hi, kids.
The all-like cut little stinkin'
That's funny little sound that comes right out your stinkin'
Want a copy me and do exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about movin'
My brains are gone. I'm trying to get my groove on
But I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on
Dr. Dre asked, you know, man, you passed this?
Yeah, I know. What do I smell as?
Then you look wet. Well, since age 12 it seemed like I always smell
Like rock-rippin' gases and dootin' was pretty swell
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off
And thought it's so hard it turned my underwear backwards like crisscross
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner last
Then thorn out my ass, spit in a fat virtuase you fat
Smelled as honey, go do it wait a min, it's my girl, cuz' I don't give a f***
God said I'd be the stinkin' world up
My ain't it, my ain't it!
My ain't it!
My ain't it, my ain't it!
I used to want to be kicked out back in junior high said the problem was something
Prove up my ass and died I shot him in the face with my vapor the worst happened later when I covered his death
With use toilet paper walking the strip club my testers will fill up move the bar pen
It took a dump of a tip club with over to a dancer had a fucking a guard
She lifted a leg up and I do she was a father
99% of my life I was lied to I just found out my mom got all gas and I do
I told her I throw up to be a famous rapper that correct about strange noises made on the crap
You know you will deserve when the living rush to lead you try to hold it back, but she but he didn't
This guy at white castle said it was pretty cool, but I had to go go drop the kids off and move
My
Wow
That'll see a five six you have happy Monday to lots of surprises today boys and girls for surprise
I guess they want to spring this on us huh?
They've expanded the show
10 a.m. The 3 p.m. Well, I'm assuming that there's extra compensation involved in that when you assume something I'm looking at the schedule and of course bluff don't make no mistakes, okay?
10 to 3 today it's
3 to 6 handgolfer from Shulas
6 to 9 30 it's mad dog Jim Manning alright because the boosters on the West Coast with the team remember that team
That song keeps going through my mind over and over oh the Marlins do we really have such a song? Oh
Yeah, we do
Anybody want to buy a spot set of Marlin games no real cheap no
Wait till you find out how much they're trying to pedal those spots by the way
250 to 300 bucks for spot on the marlins if they got any takers yet
So they've expanded a show from 10 to 3 because the 2 to 3 hour they want to they want to get the whole day part
That's the way Arbitron bricks the day parts down 6 to 10 10 to 3 3 to 7 7 a midnight
So I'm assuming that they you know they don't like to drop off there in the 2 to 3 hour
So they want us to be on from the whole five hours? How do you like that 10 to 3?
The other piece of shocking news one of our sales people has left which is
Major shocked Darra we wish you're the best she's gone. We'll see her no more. Why do you think she left by the way?
So anyway
Yeah
What is what is he rushing in here now with that now with the new and revised schedule?
I guess they heard about the extra compensation for the extra hour and they changed their mind and thought god
That would have a nice thing to just suck him into doing the 2 to 3 the new schedule says 10 to 2
Thank you. That's okay. I don't want to highlight your mistakes
But you know at least it's evidence you're doing something. That's good. He's making those schedules up frantically
We got a brand new one here with it just a matter of moments
Nice that's by the way bluff nice desk
Is he got that new desk yet? No, okay. It's only April what is it April 19th?
And by the way George won in case you missed a show Friday that was the office pool
Well George get us 200 out now you haven't got it yet. Have you?
I don't hear what you're saying and you through the view audience sorry people keep taking my mic out of program
Oh, I'm gonna use this room after hours, but they have it how do they do that?
I thought we have a lock on that we do but we share this room why with people because it's the other
Control room like when we run the games on two separate radio stations etc and so on
This is the control room. Well, there are no more Panther games
Whatever are we gonna be carrying the Panther playoff game?
Huh?
So I haven't got the money yet physically, but it should but it is in there
He's already got the words gonna be in there and blah on his new desk. No no no son. It's only April 19
So anyway in the yesterday sun sent on of course there are certain things
I have a strategy that I used to read the Sunday papers because then you know that Harold especially there is no newspaper
There are just advertising sections there are classified there are auto ads there are like
20 pounds at least I'm not to get a good-sized
Turnia from other Harold on a Sunday paper. There's no
reading material in there
You do I just keep siphoning through section after section after section. Where's the
editorial page one the opinion or viewpoint? What have they used to call? Where's that one? Where's something?
Where's the sports section? Where is anything that you could read and by the time you get done?
90% of your Sunday paper especially the Harold is crap you throw in a dumpster immediately
So anyway Tom jica I always read the Sun sent them off the TV book itself, but Tom's questions and answers
Because I know that Tom makes him up. He's been doing that for years
Thanks again Tom keeps following it right always gets my name in there somehow one thing I love about Tom
It's my stupid but other than that is you always gets my name in there somehow
And this is great because it ties in with a lot of stuff we were talking about last week
About that morning show and by the way speaking of the morning show is the default on vacation or something this week
I never thought I would miss him so badly
They never said a word about it. Where is he? Oh?
Don't know not gonna make another one of those corny stories about being in gambling rehab or something like that
Because I turned on my radio in the car this morning. I heard
I was getting that super-heter nine wine
And I thought Jesus what's going on in my radio in my beautiful Corvette in my beautiful
Ninety-nine. I've got a wine
like that
And it was Gildey on there Gildey and the little dog who was like just sitting there until he started getting carried away
And overmodulating there at the end of the show and talking like this like real uh the mic was too hot
He was popping his piece and getting all that out of shape and how come neither one of them by the way had the guts from the part that I heard
To call Jimmy the gangster coach not that I want to talk about that draft garbage the gangster coach
At the U of M with a herculean who was the gangster coach in Dallas. He was the gangster coach
So why should it come as any surprise? But he's still the gangster coach
Cecil Collins give me a break please, okay
Jimmy never met a gangster. He didn't like and like Wayne says if you wouldn't
Games nobody will care. We just have to win a lot of games
We don't care if we let everybody off death row and raford if they can win us a few games. We'll borrow them, okay
Anyway, getting back to Tom jica after the break
How did that just happen?
I haven't even said hello yet and it's already time for a god damn break
Must be because of those great young adult male
demographics we got
Right Tom? Uh-huh
That Tom jica man
Everybody
See if you're one of those people that hangs out of the track with Tom. I mean, he's always been very nice to me
He still likes me even though he denied but I don't hang out with the track at the track with Tom
He doesn't come to Pompidot Park. He goes to those uh
Other horses, you know, the ones that there's a half hour in between races and you sit there and nothing's going on
And he hangs up there in the press box with Hank and Eddie Kay and I guess with DFO too
Which I never thought about that till this morning
Am I right about there? Uh-huh. Yeah
Oh
You've down to red dogs you've chugged a red wolf
Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock
Red cock's foamy head will lead you breathless
Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock
You can shake it and spray it all over
Remember you can't beat a red cock
Just look for the label with the big red pecker on the front
Okay
1015 at 550 you have a little reason that there was a little uh
Pause there is because I'm reaching back in a facts machine for stuff that I'm not going to read on here anyway
It's for you by the way George, but you're not going to get it guess what's from it's from your friend Monica Martinez
You know Monica?
Uh-huh. She just called
She just called to say what what's the facts machine because it's facts and you the information about the holistic and inter
Interactive uh look at that interactive
g-r-a-t
Integrative oh, wait, that's what it is
holistic and integrative is there such a word is integrative
There is now health conference with dr. Rackens any mention needle could make of it will be greatly appreciated
No, huh aren't you gonna know
plug the uh
No, pro-doctor no Bob. No, what?
Chelsa wanted to know if we wanted to have him on as a guest. No
No, I know I don't have guests
I mean we do have we actually oh you know something
How long is that little tiny baby chair been sitting there? I was gonna say we actually have a guest mic
Which we do and we a guest chair, but I'm looking at the chair. It's like a little tiny baby chair
That's your standard folding chair
A folding chair yeah
It's metal house could sit on it a little teeny. Oh, yeah, I'll consider on it for about two and a half seconds until they both hit the ground
Well the one in here is even flaky. It's kind of like pitch right in with duff's desk
Can't Smas macho duff's desk or our little folding chair
We don't have guests on this show. It's gonna be a cool day in hell when I start putting guests on the show
Although if we do have to do that two to three hour
That might be a good hour to bring our guests on like maybe bino cooks somebody saying like that
Huh?
We could have like dino sister rally and bino cook we'd have bino and dino together
By the way, anybody had any bino today
Okay, I'll get back to times you're gonna second hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I think some sounds the best out of the local papers
Yeah, um, what happened you might get away the way you say that like there's a great selection
The mind will stop. I know why they have it. Sunday Harold is 98% advertise
Yeah, well, that's why I get it for you
People that spend money advertising on the Sunday here you might as well flush it down the toilet because nobody reads it because it
There's just too much of it in there everybody throws all those sections out, but anyway
Listen, uh, you're getting extended to two to three. Yeah. Oh, so you might you're gonna do the next hour
Right are they gonna pay you for the extra? Well, we got to talk about that. They just to pull this over on me
You know, I pulled a fast one. So who's your agent? Huh? Who's your agent? Uh, Norma Kent. How much percentage is it gathered here?
How much percentage is he get? Yeah, no none none. He just does it because he likes me. Do you belong? No?
Do you want to he blow you know? Yeah, there you go
All right, Neil. You have a good day. I want to say okay, blow this
Okay, another jerk
Here's an ortho Miami. Hello. Yeah, what you think of Yard or Rainey? You know, it's his break is today
Meaning what?
So the game was important to Pittsburgh at the moment. I mean the fact Buffalo one later made it less important
But the point that everybody seemed to forget about in the middle of all the Wayne stuff was that the game had significance for Pittsburgh
As far as their playoff seed was concerned
Nobody you want to pay any attention was kind of like Pittsburgh was supposed to rule over and let Wayne stick five or six in the net
Everybody could say nice going everybody and we love it. I can't stand Wayne
I mean, it was a very emotional day
And I saw all the crap and the CDC went totally crazy
But you know good-bye enough with him already
You know, he went out at the right time anybody it says like Don Sherry. Oh, he made a mistake
You don't go out like a clown. He went out. He had a decent season. His skills are waning. Okay, they're waning
So Yard is the next up and coming away on you mean up and coming what superstar? He didn't up and coming
You already is a superstar. You don't I have to explain that to you
Well, what do you mean up and coming? Well
Pavel brewery if he ever gets help you again and plays again was also a superstar
But anyway, here's a mobile invoker. Hello
Mobile yes, sir hey how about those the new pro player pit of entry in the home of a
1999 Miami car. It's against the team man
How come nobody seems to care about that this even Eddie the pope and Eddie the pope is a dope. Okay
He had the soy the third time in a 23 years. I've lived in this town
He's never written a column that made any sense at all and even any the Pope says shame on you Jimmy
You gank the coach is basically what he's saying what a bunch of crap Jimmy just showed that he has no morals if he could go rate the
I mean, I want to show you all you parents out there you better tell your kids
When you take him to the dolphin game or you sit around watching it on television
We hope you kids grew up just just like all these gangsters that Jimmy is so enchanted with
That's right
I mean the long line going back even when Shula we had Bobby Humphries and we had the mark dupur who became a gangster
All at least he wasn't when he was playing. I mean gangsters that they haven't been invented yet
Jimmy never met a gangster. He didn't like I think if he should go right the pen of entry he would
He would care Neil have a good one have a great day
Here's the sea soft collar which I don't want to get started because it was bad enough all the
Pre-draft garbage, but now they're doing the post mortemana, which is just terminal not only that here
Me and my radio this morning, but then the content of what they're talking about
Oh, and this one drafted is you know Joe was right about that nice go a little dog even though you were distorting on the year
Because you were so whipped up about it
Who the hell knows and who the hell cares let them play a couple of games and find out who did the right thing
But there is no question that the gangster coach this town ought to be revolted
And you know what about your ass suckers we got in this town
Especially in the media
So they're gonna be oh Jimmy must know something. Yeah, he knows something
He knows crap what he knows
former Louisiana state and McNeath state running back Cecil Collins whom the dolphin selected with the first pick of the NFL's
Fifth round draft yesterday recently pleaded guilty to two council. This isn't even
debatable it's not like Tony Martin, which is still in limbo
That's another maybe gangster but at least we know he can play number one and number two. Maybe he might get off
But this guy recently pleaded guilty to two counts of unauthorized entry and two counts of simple assault
These are the terms of his sentence, okay
Five years of suspended jail time four years of probation required weekly drug testing required drug and behavioral counseling
2500 dollars owed to a battered women's shoulder in a in Baton Rouge, Louisiana within a year
No contact with the victims no access to the LSU campus, okay
He was kicked off the LSU team and isn't even allowed back on the campus, okay
Cecil the diesel
A piece of turd another piece of turd and it's interesting by the way if you read the other article here
Dolphin team security investigators steward Weinstein Weinstein
Oi
Compile reports on 348 players in this draft who had troubled past
Was there anyone with a litany of trouble as long or serious as columns? He was axed and the answer was oh
So Jimmy picks the most troubled the most the biggest gangster the biggest piece of turd that money can buy that he can find
And now it could just cross your fingers and hope for the best and like Wayne says
I want all you kids out there to make sure you understand one thing, okay
Wayne doesn't give a crap about setting any example for your kids out there
All he cares about is let's win some games so it can make Wayne look good and make him so our money
If you win games nobody will care how many gangsters you put on a team that's what he is alleged to have said
paraphrased
Nice going Wayne you balled at its scumbag
Just keep the gangster thing going man the gangster thing thank god. I gave up my dolphin. Although I still get him
Free from here, but thank god I gave a pan for those dolphin tickets two or three years ago after five years of misery and suffering
I must be on drugs today or something you know and I just don't know it yet
I feel like I'm on drugs. Maybe it was reading Tom jikus column yesterday. They did it
Here's the illiterate and let me tell you again Tom you make these up you're not fooling me. I know you make these up sweet heart
Question what is with the first team on w2 a.m. Radio a.m. 560
According to neo-rodgers there are 26 minutes of commercial every hour. Yes
My theory is ratings are so low they have to sell spots for pennies making it necessary to sell so many
Steve Goldstein sounds like Alvin the chipmunk on helium. Yes
Jeff DeForest makes layman allergies and Joe Rose just tries to stir controversy. It's a very bad show
I listen to a lot of music in the morning says a.m. A implantation
Tom's answer
You have a thought of your owner. Do you merely purred everything neo says?
How are you such an expert on a program you say you don't listen to
The fact is oh this gets to be the really good stuff. Okay. Get the life and gas ready
The fact is the first team has such a commercial overload the one thing about which you i.m. Neal agree
Because sponsors are clamoring to reach its huge young adult male audience at a premium rate
It's huge young adult male you would assume these guys they got big numbers there in the morning. No
The hip big numbers like in the young male no
As for your assessment of host at least they know something about the things they criticize
I thought that the
Analyzation there was the best I've ever heard about guilty
It's a Steve Goldstein sounds like Alvin the chipmunk on helium. Yes
Does anybody question that is that a debatable point no
me
Well, I thought my radio was bucket for sure this morning
Please Zephyl wherever you are come back. Is he out sick is he on vacation?
What's the story Vegas is the story he's in Vegas
Turning Jeff de florist loose in Vegas
Will be no sure that that would be like letting Cecil columns loose in the women's dormitories at the u.m
I mean what what is that
Jesus Christ Almighty we may never see him again if Louis the lip finds out how much depot is into the
Casinos out there we met over see him every day maybe
On your radio in the morning and you know I come into work. I'm asking my key. Why do I do this to myself?
I keep asking myself can't the people that run this place can't they hear that what that's like?
You know what what that sounds like
Don't they get it and the obvious answer is no they don't
So anyway Tom jicka great the great letter that you made up their time
It's a beautiful thing
Now I've got the ratings back out from the last trend that young audience you're talking about
I'm looking at 18 to 34. They're not on the first page. They're not on the second page
They're like on the third page the number 14 in the morning with a 1.9 18 to 34
We're doing a little bit better than with a 5 to about a 6 between 10 and 2 number 7
Here in midday
Not that we don't have enough spots we got spots up the old the rectum also
But not as many as they got not 26 minutes an hour. Seriously. Stop and think about this
How long would you say those updates the sports updates last about three minutes each?
So three then four an hour right?
three and hour okay three times four is 12 plus 26 is 38 minutes
That leaves 22 minutes out of the hour 38 minutes of non-programmed content and 22 minutes of
Like that you're not counting the rejoins and the rejoin these like I said four minutes of actual program content per hour
What do you expect them a guy that can't even get the schedule right? Okay. This guy's going to program a morning show
Are you kidding me? No
10
26 at 5 60 WQM don't miss the biggest on all
133 at 5 60 and the gangster team maybe that's what we got we got gangster teams here on QA
I'm we got bad teams we got gangster teams them. We got just lame ass teams like the panthers season is done by the way
Was either serenity and then for that game no
I was not there in fact
I'm probably gonna spy reporter to about all the good stuff that gave way that's why they filled that place that over 19,000 allegedly
And that's why they allegedly filled it up because they gave they were given stuff away
It was fan appreciation night free sticks and free crap
And of course Christina Moore's last broadcast. I was in the car going to the store
I heard the last year four minutes of the game and man between guilty and
Randy Moore I am gonna tell you the mic and my radio almost inverted
I've been having a lot of radio problems in that car
I thought the radio was gonna get sucked right through the dashboard
What a suck up job that was I mean, it's one thing to be you know humble and nice and
You know, and it was great working with the a you never stole a freight train and thanks for all your help
But I mean just the suction was just unbelievable there
Christina Moore won't hear that no more. Oh
Thank God
So anyway, Tom jica I hate to break the news to you
But the fact is that all those spots that are in there in the morning show a lot of those spots are in here because so well
You know we got the marlins and we got the dolphins and we give away all these freebies and all of these other things all of these things
So we've got 80 million spots. We got a one which you know
Should we be proud of that? No, of course not
In fact as weak as that show is I think the guys that deserve credit are for nothing else the fact that you have any numbers
When there's basically no show it's all spots radio no show
WQA and all spots radio
Hello
See how do you like that? I love that I I get goosebumps. I really do. I feel like going home and shaving my crotch
When I when that happens now seriously because you cut you catch him with their phone down when you when I pick him up
I'm not expecting it
Here's a mobile and Jupiter hello. Hey, Ney, how you doing great?
Hey, you obviously didn't listen to the rimma
Telecastid you I didn't I didn't see or listen or other than the three minutes in the car
I have one of game was ending no I didn't hit pain. Hey, what would I pay attention that game?
I knew you didn't but I had to and by the way for those people were saying it wasn't all that bad
The Panthers with their 78 points they want all five games against Tampa Bay the worst team in a league
Otherwise they would have 68 points. Okay, winning 10 points against Tampa Bay shouldn't even count the standing
But anyway, go ahead
Yeah, maybe count maybe for five. Yeah, half a point
Anyway, you got to replace your Ray Whitney has a pair he when he scored his second goal
Remember says in Ray Whitney's got a big pair
Yeah, like that. You got to replace that
I bet if he keeps doing that up though
They'll kick rimmer out of the showers next season they won't let him back in there. They're gonna start wondering
I got to get that on your
Cortad up and play that okay. It's pretty good. I don't know if that's all I got today
Ian Wiley you're a big douchebag. Okay, sir. Thank you. There you go. There's the voice of the Panther fans
That's their an a-analyzation which I got a lot to say about that by the way Michael Russo all I can say about Michael Russo is he's an asshole wow
Whoo, no one of the people in this town are catching out of that game at all
So no wonder here's a guy who's who covers the you know the primary hockey guy for the Sun sent a lawyer long and in yesterday's paper
grading the Panthers of demise and men or that Denise Denise and men
And he grades everybody on the team including you know the equipment guys everybody whoever was in the arena the ushers
This is this is so anxious man
I don't I don't even know what words to start to begin where to start with this idiotic bunch of crap
Although if you turn to the previous page or so a somewhere in here somewhere in the middle of the at least they got some crap in here
Okay, here's a big Michael Mayo thing suddenly discovered who win Gretzky was nice going Mike
He's up there in the York cover and that like he knows what it's all about which he does not
They took an internet survey who or what is most to blame for the Panthers not making the playoffs this season
800 votes or 57.8% said Terry Murray
PM
450 votes or 32.5% said BM
Ryan Murray
inexperience only 4.5% under achieving veterans 4.5% pop Elbary's injury only 0.8% so in other words, let's see
90
90.3
percent of the
Miles like a 1500 people responded over 90 percent of them said it was the Murray's how do you like that?
I love it
Even a people down here that don't know that much about the game
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that the Murray boys are where the real problem is that's the sugar in the wood pile
is TM and BM
But wait till I get well when you get if you haven't seen this yet or even if you have when you hear this crap that Michael Rousse of the ratings and guess by the way who gets a beat
The B as in big black guy gets a B
Just just makes my blood boil also which both begin with the B who's with the B makes my blood boil makes it curdled
And I think I think it all ties in together. I was just saying during the break
I was talking about the fact that
White fans
Well no matter what it is whether it's Mike Tyson whether it's a football player even if he's a gangster or whether it's a Peter
Well who in the gangster but he's just a big black guy who serves very little purpose out there
They love that he's our big black guy and he's gonna be to crap out of somebody and we like that
And you people won't admit that but it's the truth
He's our boy
Huh and it's just like the big black guy named Ben. It's the same mentality
Nobody's gonna mess with your car if you have a big black guy named
Or Ben standing outside guarding it all day
I could have come anywhere near that mother or the car either
Holy
Machina this is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Aces and you're listening to the hockey authority
Neil God
Who's at least an eight out of ten and has a mouth the same score for IQ Bill Clinton has a place for you
It's the school for underprivileged kids building immediate learning suck bill for short
At suck bill your little girls will be educated in all the fine arts that will make them a success in today's Clinton world
They'll enjoy such guest teachers as Ted Kennedy this semester will be broken up into webbed at two pots
We will be doing gigling and jiggling at which one do you girls have but want to start with?
Looks like we'll be doing jiggling so if you're a little cutie but are a little short on brains
suck bill will give you all the skills you need to go down all the way to the top
I'm sorry little girl. What did you say? I said how am I doing mr. Kennedy?
I yep. I think you're getting the point to quite well suck bill or someone else will call today
1044-550 WQM some Michael Russo who's you know just another another
Pudwacker other piece of crap maybe he'll be low put very jackass do it's all a favor
He rates first starting with a coach Terry Murray. Okay. He rates him a C
A C in other words like a passing grade
He did something okay
Taking over a team that like discipline. He held players accountable for poor play by scratching or benching them did this help? No, it did not
Pob Elbury he goes on to raid an a okay now let's face it
We all know anybody with a brain even the panther fans most of them don't know anything about the game
Everybody knows he's a superstar a he gives him the why even raid him he played a handful of games
And then he says a great case could they made for MVP?
Because the team collapsed upon word that he would be out six months within the injury
Is there any doubt he would have scored 50 goals if he played a full season? No, but that's not the point
The point is he played a handful of games
How can you be the MVP on the team when you play a handful of games and you're out for the rest of the season jackass?
Then we get to rob need a mark gets a C- that's the close
D would have been more appropriate C-minus Robert Sphala of D there you go
But now here we come to this here's the thing and again
This is in a major market newspaper by somebody who's supposed to know what he's writing about
Mark Parish great work. He big year let all workies and goalscoring 24 goals. He gets a B
Sean Burke who far outplayed our wildest expectations in goal
Especially with a crappy defense in front of most of the year he gets a B
Ray Whitney who again led the league as led the team in goals points
When it game winning goals he gets a B
A B I'm not I wouldn't waste your time reading the comments as innocuous N and A as they are
Okay, keep that in mind mark Parish Sean Burke. Ray Whitney. They all get a B
Who else gets a B Peter were else gets a B as in bull crap
He says with Paul laws fighting less where else has emerged as the teams enforcer
But he's much more physical in laws which has been a positive because he's always looking for the big hit and creating space for his teammates
His all around game is much improved
He gets a B in other words he's on a par with Ray Whitney
Sean Burke and Mark Parish
Okay, I'm not even gonna what I'm not even gonna waste my time reading the rest of this crap
Okay, because I'm so furious with Michael Russo what kind of a horseball sound this is
This guy isn't qualified to be writing in the weekly reader. Okay, much less in a major market freaking newspaper
The whole season goes by 82 games again
I'm the only person on the whole arena that sees you can't see the goal like goes on let a goal is scored
They managed to complete the entire first year in the arena with that
And here's a big black guy out there that the crowd is just obsessed with because he's our big black guy and keeps wackin and
Sparing and slashing guys on the other team and they're getting a lot of stupid penalties and they're accomplishing mostly nothing
And
This guy get he puts him on a same par with the teams leading goal scorer and the goalie that played a pretty damn good season for us
And the best rookie in a guy named league for my money
And you wonder why the people here don't that they don't learn anything why nothing that it changes
Why it's like running in in place here?
There's no progress, baby. There ain't no progress
Because we've got putt whackers like Barry jackass and Michael Russo and I'm gonna say something David J. Niel at smarts
That writes for the hero his hockey column is ten times better than Michael Russo
We don't like his outfit that he wears the games too well
But nevertheless at least he has some idea what he's writing about
Which is more than you do my grusso you big jackass you
You putt g-piece of turd you
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Mobile in Hollywood
Nine minutes 35 seconds. They waited I was on our dime. That's right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Miel. Yes
What are you gonna do not see the panther season's over?
What what is that mean? What are you gonna do?
Well, I'm gonna be happy and just wake up every morning with a smile on my face for what?
Because of some gladest season is over. I can't stand the panthers and waste. They never bought a hockey
Into this town. How does it affect how does it affect your life sir? Do you go to the games?
No, I don't you watch the games. Well actually my wife is a big fan. Oh, okay. Well, how about getting a divorce?
Okay, how about dumping the bitch alright?
So this isn't this isn't a marital advice. This isn't the air in summer show
We're not doing marital counseling here. That's next week. Okay pal
His wife is a big fan so I'm supposed to do something about that and how did she marry to loser like you?
I really have my doubts
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Off to a great start this week doesn't bother me
Keep plugging right along baby because I know where I am make no mistake about that. Oh, and let me tell you this
Speaking of knowing where I am. Oh, it's not just here. It's the American f in way
Maybe it maybe now it's not he's not human nature. It's an American thing
The rubber necking thing. I know it's it's bad enough that we have rubber neckers out there in a highway
Every time they see like a fender bender or even a cop is pulled over the side of the road
Even to be just sitting there playing with himself everybody slams on a break. They got to slow down. They got to take a look
Now we have assholes. We have the idiots that go out there waiting for a plane crash
You know who sit out there at the two airports at Fort Lauderdale and at Miami International and they sit out there
On the perimeter roads waiting for a plane crash
Spending hours and hours of their time now the new deal is now that we have all these fires out there bringing up the Everglades
Now we have
Fire rubber neckers
Some of whom of course they showed on his theoretical channel seven news this morning
And the one guy's saying oh, well, you know, there's just so much hype about it. I just had to see it
Talk about a guy with no life with no brain of his own
There's so much hype that he just had to go out there and see it
You know, how about just putting a little piece of paper in the asterisk and setting it lighting a match, okay?
There you go. It's fire you ever see fire before that's what it looks like
And then they got some dumb bitch on there and she's going on about oh
Just amazing to me that something as as
Dangerous and as threatening it is horrendous as this can be so beautiful and I'm thinking of myself get her name
Okay, you better take her
Think a thumbprint right now get her thumb on it
Seriously because if ever there was an arsonist of the making it somebody that talks about how exciting it is and beautiful is to watch fire
So
Don't let her in your in your neighborhood. I'll tell you that
As holes who want to go out there as close as they can get to the glades to watch the fire
I mean you think that there's a message in there maybe they have something in common with the drakniks from this last weekend
I have no right. Yeah, that's what they wanted to have a big sign on their forehead. That's it. I have no life
a tattoo
Coral Springs hello
Morning, Neil. I would you okay? Oh, Neil these people with were well
I wish they would just get off of it already not only is this guy not an NHL player. He's not a minor league
He's not a happy player. No, well these people
I think the only thing they know about hockey was they got it there when they got their season subscription
They got a copy of the movie slap shot and that's what they think hockey is about. Yeah
Well, it just pisses me off. I read those articles
On that but anybody that's been even to a few games that gives this guy if you're gonna grade performance
Give him the same grade as you give a re-witney and a Sean Brook and a Mark Parrish this guy
Has he's got rocks in his head
No, and this guy they said oh he's a great goon. He's a great. He can't skate
Give it he can fight if he was a good goon. You know, he'd be like go back like a Dave Schultz
At least somebody can put 20 goals in the put in the net for you here
Ah, it's not even worth while talking about it anymore until they get rid of him and the Murray
Okay pal. Thanks me. Hold your breath. Okay
See and for the fact that the crowd responded that way see these people will buy anything that that's why that's why the Murray
Especially be and that's why he's like to this long
Any crap that he pedals out there into the public. Oh, yeah, whatever you say man. We think you're the problem
But whatever you say we like it. Where's the free stuff?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. We got two 300 lines open here this morning as usual
Here's a mobile and cutler rage hello
Hello, are you there okay sir?
Um, I wanted to tell you about the the fact that I you know when I wake up in the morning
Sometimes I get in the car and I do listen to the first team
But you're right about the the spots. I mean, you know, I hear more spots on there than anything else
But what really takes me off is in the afternoon drive when I am coming home. I try to listen to Hank
Yeah, you know, I like Hank and I love his uh, his you know his way of doing the show and everything
But I've counted the minutes. I was timing it. You're looking at nine minutes box every you know every minute
Right, yeah, and by the time it's all right
I was on with Hank and we did a little cross over there on Friday and Hank said oh, I got a run now
I got a nine minute break coming up who ever heard on an AM radio station of a nine-minute commercial break
Whoever heard such a thought I'm telling you now I would listen to that show all the time
If it was more like yours in the sense of where where we could hear more of
Form up and the only reason my show is like this is because I you know
I demanded that when I signed my contract even though they renamed there was supposed to be 14 minutes an hour
They goosed it up to 16 because we got a sales manager who makes it up as she goes along
But nevertheless, you know at least we got a limit on here and we they can't go beyond that if they if they could run
26 minutes of spots an hour in a show we'd be settled with the same cramp
Well, right. It's called it. It's called an unlistenable format and the program director sits in there with his finger in his hero
Gee, I don't get it. We just don't seem to be me going anywhere. You know, it's all we're always flat
We don't seem to be going anywhere
The time that I you know that I hear the spots I have to admit
I'm sorry, but I tune out as far as the the hang show because it's too long and then you have the you know
They come back with their with their sports up later whatever and by the time it's all over
I think hanging is on for like 10 minutes an hour right and I'm sitting there
And you know something it's not good for his healthy there because look you know
He's always doing a show at choolers is some outside place with his food around look at all the extra eating time
It gives him while you know he's not talking absolutely. I mean out not good. I want to listen
I just can't put up with that kind of format and that's you know
That's one listener right here that tunes out every every
Time jicke will probably tell you just send that to agree with me
But I think the audience does agree that's a format on the drive times in his station makes it almost unlistenable
And can you imagine trying to call into that show? That's why he doesn't get that many calls because nobody wants to hold on for 35 40 minutes
Just to get on with Hank anyway. Thank you very much. No, and have a great thing
He doesn't get a lot of calls Hank gets more calls and all the rest of us put together. Of course, they're all from a direct line from GA
Well, there's a lot of gamblers out there. There's a lot of chronic gamblers who can't stay up at night that late to wait till it comes on
56705 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line. It's the gangster teams. Maybe
Fortress turning into gangster
Gangster we didn't like a big black gangster
Big black gangster
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
That's you she regulates TV and radio
Is that a statement or a question? I'm asking your question. Yes
Because I want scared strength and they were asking they said like 20 f words in the two hours conversation
They said the s words right
He word out of all because it's a documentary
So in other words they make exceptions whenever it's convenient for them to make an exception
So it's a part of your show to a documentary. Okay
Thank you sir and f you too. Okay. Well, I for everybody. Okay, because it's not the near Rogers documentary show
To FU guys
You know that they always do that if it's on public television then all of a sudden they can say whatever they want
Just like national geographic which a lot of guys used to watch that just to see those African naked women
You know naked breast are okay if it's a
National geographic documentary if it's on public television. Why do you think they call it public television?
But if it's on a network show then we're gonna yank your license or we're gonna yank something
56705 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line
You want you mark my words there being nobody you're saying I think about what I said about that microruzo thing or about any of that
We don't have any panther fans any hockey fans in this town
Well, we have a lot of very silly silly people that go running over there waiting for them to sling a bunch of free crap up in the crowd
Then they go oh look at this. I got a t-shirt. Yeah, and now what?
What are you gonna do with it?
Got a t-shirt for free
I call it a sudden life is worth living because you got some piece of turd for free
See this is a town where they can pull anything over on the public that they want that's the best part
I mean are these people discriminating? No demanding? No. Do they want that they don't care
Nice going away and that's the only reason you're still here bald is because you're here in this town
Yeah
You know she's tough
Hey, I don't want any more lip out of you mister. I'll scrape it off my gable when I smack you in the mouth
You know she's home spot. Don't pee on my leg and tell me a friend
But now judge Judy is taking it to the limit in an all new prime time special
Yeah
I'm fox the attorney general of the great status Texas is allowing death row inmates to have their final appeals heard on TV before
You'll see his charge do I look like a discount for the liability you you must be crazy if you think I'm gonna fly that long
Of crap I said to you the death by the electric chair you're sitting in now any last words before I like you up on national pv
Can I get a figure in any of these motion thrown in a
Justice death row judge Judy style
See this is a whole new genre of programs we have on radio and TV is women who hate men and the women who
Yeah, those are the people who listen and watch other women who hate men. That's why they watch their duty
That's why they listen to dr. Laura because she not only hates men
But be littles them and puts them down and makes them feel insignificant and like a piece of dirt
And the women out there going they're going
Yeah, they're a little slow, but they're still here's a coconut creek hello
Neil yes sir. What's up? How are you doing? Okay? I got some information for you
I know how you always wanted to know how the Afro American
Orange Cornagged died by the way KDKH Cornagged Company is dead. Yes, go ahead sure
You always want to know how Afro American people name their kids and why they name them like they way they do much
Equitia exactly. I'm gonna give you an example
A Puerto Rico Julio friend of mine told me this is why they do it. They use African tradition
For example if the mother's name is Keisha and the father's name is Sean
They join the father's name and the mother's name and that's how they get named Keisha on
So if you get the name Keisha on and you get another name like Tyrone
You're gonna get a whole crazy name after that you know understand John Rome. Yeah exactly
So I thought you always want to know why they need their names like that. Uh-huh. Why they get all banged up
I thought it just came from stupidity. Well that too. I mean I think it's stupid too but also but yeah
Like if the mother's name is Keisha and the father's name is Sean and that's how they get named Keisha. Uh-huh
So I'd like to be thankful thanks for the bad news. No problem. Okay. See there you go. It'd be dumb
I mean like anfony I mean there ain't nobody that that's just stupidity isn't it? I mean you know anfony anfony uh huh
I mean we're talking pretty dumb. Maybe we talking dumb. Yeah, we're talking dumb
560 is not supposed to say those things everybody just uh split you know the
But in the meantime, you know, I'm behind the scenes they're all ripping the crap out like I got it dumb
You know, I don't want to say the word 560 705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
People they make it funny. You okay in those stupid names, but if you don't care, that's fine
That'd be fine. Okay, if you don't mind that everybody is laughing or ass off that you've got some stupid ass
Idiotic name that nobody ever heard of before
Here's a mobile in Evan sure hello. Who knew yes. How you doing? Okay. Oh, yeah, listen
Watching I'm a fairly new panthers fan. Well hockey fan for them matter and uh first time I was surfing for games
ESPN, I don't know Saturday, Friday night
Chicago in Detroit. Yeah, what would I know? No, why would I watch that of course not who would want to see that game?
That was like like the panthers used to be in there under their
The claims of fame
But uh now that I you know
What do you mean by that? What what does that mean? You used to be in their what what are you saying sir? What language you be speaking
When the panthers were good back in two three years ago. You mean when they got hot for two months? Yeah, yeah
Yeah, right, right. That's when I became a hockey fan. Yeah, and I'm not a wagon right and then I realized I've been a hockey fan since but I've
Haven't seen hockey that intense and in a long time the
Chicago
Yeah, that was a good game
You know what then? No, of course not
He's turning a radio up now to see if he's still on your answer
You're you're you're on but now you're off once you turn a radio up to see if you're still on that tells me
The essence of your call. There's another stop for a hockey fan
The neat red black-hawk game, you know that real significant game
What is this man one of these people talking about what is in their drinking water?
Has Finale got the woodpecker crack cracked up again as he cranked it at woodpecker?
Man, either that or is wooden leg
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. This is good though. This is excellent. I love this
Because it it verifies what I've always said. I mean you picked the topic and finding people here who can actually discuss it intelligently
And artichallally it's not just a hockey thing or a panthers thing. It's anything all of these things
Just like the fourth part. I want to know how come people are out there at
Goddamn alligator alley says close to what is they can get and they're watching the fires
These people need mental health. What what is with that?
Maybe maybe they maybe they're masochists. Maybe they want to get as close as they can so they can inhale the food the law of the fumes and get their lungs fill up with that crap
With as many carcinogens as they possibly can
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Uncle Neal how you doing? Okay, sir
Good, you know what now to change that
Intro sports radio 5 60 to dolphin radio 5 60 because other than your show
That's basically all they talk about yeah, you know during the times that
How come they weren't talking about the gangster coach this morning, man? I didn't hear too much about that
I heard gildey suck it up and defending it which he's the biggest suck hole that ever stepped on the face of this earth
Well, that's all they do is suck up so they can get good quotes from him and they can get interviews from the coaches
That's all they do around what a joke anybody
These reporters have any balls whatsoever. Yeah, you know, that's why they talk like that
That's why they back to Murray brothers and and you know they back
Shula when he was doing bad moves they back Johnson when he was doing bad stuff
Like you know, that's the you know, that's the way it is down here like you said in a third class
Stuck holes. Yeah. Yeah, you know that wasn't the reason I call I don't know if you have to see over the weekend
They had an article in the paper in the scum sentinel
Regarding if you remember many a couple of months ago there was a raid on a house and they had the wrong house
Yeah, sure they took the four guy and they put him in his wife's panties in order to take in the jail
She's had their filing a lawsuit against the state
Yeah, of course the police department as well, but they said in the article if you can believe half of what you read down here
If their chances of winning are slim to none
Even though the search warrant was invalid they had the wrong address and of course they went on a confidential informant
So you know, you always talk about how this is a Nazi state
Unity which it really is
You know the police can basically bust in your house
Take away any sense of security that you have and then turn around and get away with it
By going over. Sorry. We made a mistake. Yeah
So you know that's all I got just to confirm some of the stuff that you talked about. Okay
I love your show. I wish the right you know the feasibility up in the way if there's to have all spots radio
Unfortunately, you were able to stand up and and get some of that move out well
Takes a real man like me to do it. Have a great day pal. I you sir surrounded by a bunch of sports voices is what I am neither sport the sports
Pussies you've heard of the sports bade we got the sports Pussies on this station
Oh, you want to run 30 spots an hour in a show. Okay, whatever you say just give me my check
So it's get away from the ball mother
Car theft is on the rocks in America a car is stolen every 12 seconds
What can you do to protect your car and expensive car alarms system won't protect your car from being stolen
The club will protect the valuables inside your car
But a big black guy named Ben can get away from the car mother
Or less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you pay for the club
You can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile get away from the car mother
It's simple to use just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out
And he does the rest whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them
Get away from the car mother
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with
Although he really doesn't say much just get away from the car mother
That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with
We got him to protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made
My name is it isn't I create there have been a lot of cars best. I can't tell you how many times
I've heard you to work from the car mother
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Let's me sleep better at night
Calm now one 800 one big guy that's one 800 one
B.I.G. G.U.I. and instead of hearing this
You'll hear this get away from the car mother
Okay, it's 11.15 at 5.60 W.R.O.R.
2 a.m. We got Hank from a shoelace day two at two o'clock
That's right. The schedules move back to the original two o'clock because they don't want to pay a sector for the extra hour
We got Jim Mad Dog man. It's all right. Just tonight in 30 in the marlins giant out on the west coast any interest
Yeah, you're right boy. They're really on the streak. They're on a roll
Sex might have been chased out of the New York Times in New York's famous Times Square
But it was back with the vengeance Thursday just a few blocks away the occasion was erotica USA a wholesale and retail
Exposition of everything anyone ever needed for sex and more overheld the demand hadn't convention center
How do you like that?
Visitors could browse for bonded swings punishingly tight late-text clothing erotic art leather lingerie fruit flavored lubricants or chocolate shape like body parts
So graphic that eating them in public might be considered obscene
Excellent a stunted high horse described as standard equipment for any dungeon sold from about 300 bucks while a vibrating chair with an elaborate array of controls pop 1600 bucks
The outspoken publisher of screw magazine al Goldstein had strong words for the city's strict policies
But after groping to say something that could be printed. He said this is a free country. We have a constitution
As what he said
And by the way, it is a free country, but don't waste my fax paper on it could be because the fact is this is your friend by the way
Monica what are you gonna be at Monica Martinez? It's you she's your friend. Oh my best friend
Well, I mean she wouldn't be sending on me the faxes if she didn't think somebody had in order that I would plug this on a year
For the second time she faxes me three more pages
Here's more information on the holistics and in an integrative health conference
And which doctor Actkins will be speaking any mention that Neil could make of it would be greatly appreciated
She's a fan of the show
Thanks him keep up the good work
Let me know what's happening. She says is there anything happening about this on a show no
I mean, I'm all for the Actions died even though I still weigh exactly the same today is I've weighed how many weeks now how many years I mean to the ounce
190 on my good scale and 200 on the honest scale at home. I mean exactly. I'm holding my own baby in the weight too
Am I gonna put this stuff on the air huh and start plugging? No, what's the point?
You're not gonna have him as a guest on the show. No anybody out there want that we've had him as a guest on the show
He's a great guy. I love Dr. Bob, but quite frankly. He's boring
There's nothing worse than you can do in radio than be boring. Okay in the radio TV if you're gonna be boring then
The Boston line as far as I'm concerned like people that talk about the goddamn NFL draft too much
boring terminal ponderous
unacceptable garbage
Swill
Here's a you get the message here's Davie hello
Hey, Loneel, how you doing today? Okay great anyway
S-year question is to wondering why all these rubber neckers are looking out for all these things happening the fires and the motor vehicle
Wreshing things like that. Yeah, my gut tells me it's the same people that are reading all these supermarket tabloids
You know the acquire the store and all that uh-huh just trying to peer to somebody else's private life
That's what my gut tells me in other words they have no life. You know what I said before
Exactly. I have no life right to the point right right there just straight to the point on that one meal. Okay. God bless you sir
Right say put a tattoo on the foreheads of all the rubber neckers. I have no life just tattoo them right there on the forehead indelible permanent one big one
People that go out to the goddamn Everglades to see a fire burning
Lunefix maniacs idiots people and I'm gonna tell you right now seriously those people need to be taken away and it's easy to round them up. They're right there
They're right there. They're a captive audience. Just round them up and put them in a place where a place called I have no life place
Yeah, what else could you call it? It's just called the I have no life place
For people who are lifeless and useless and just taking up space that decent people with a life could be taken up
It's just like I've always said the people with the big money are the wrong ones the people with lots of money are the ones who don't know how to enjoy it
Who have no who are cheap who are bastard who are obnoxious
The rest of us who would know how to have a great time with it
Like if somebody wanted to dump like two million cash on the table right now
I would not utter another word. I don't feel compelled to do like one last show. I have nothing left to say goodbye
Good luck. See ya have a rate life. It's been fine. It's been okay. It's been fair mediocre
That's all I'm not demanding
Just like you know, I like these people yesterday while Gretzky, you know the money. Yeah, he's not gonna be missing any meals
And at hot blonde that he's married to that Janet who must have either bad eyesight or like the fact he's making all that money
Maybe he's got something that doesn't meet the eye, huh?
Or maybe he just uses his nose
Old needle nose
Does anybody know
To worked up for a Monday just calm down take a deep breath. I think it's that Monica business
Never trust a bitch named Monica. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello
Lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am. How are you doing? Okay. I have a comment for you
I worked for four to half a troll and I was gonna let you know that we're not on the south of ourself
We are
Meaning what what is that you have come itself for hard patrols out how
It is to the other way to play themselves
That they shouldn't be giving you tickets. I said that got all that's all you people do is write tickets
That's right traffic tickets speeding tickets mostly
Okay, and you don't think we should be out there writing tickets not unless somebody's driving dangerously
I don't think that's uh, I don't want to spend my tax money for that well
Obviously people are driving dangerously. We're having bad actions on the road and people are getting killed all the time
In other words in other words, the only people that are driving dangerously are the people that are going too fast
Is that what you're telling me? No driving too fast. I'm careless driving an idiot. How about the ones that are driving too slow
How many tickets do you give every year for those? Oh?
Quite a bit they cross actions to the same as the people driving fast never heard of anybody that got a ticket for driving too slow ever in my life
Well, I guess they haven't called you to tell me they got the ticket well
Let's let's see if we get any calls. Okay. Okay. I'll keep or keep or whatever you're doing. Okay
The FHP Florida Highway Pigs
All they do is write tickets sets all they do
You need some assistance. No, that can't be bothered with that
Then I remember years ago when we had the problems on i95 remember that many years ago
When we had some scumbags that were like throwing bricks and cars and doing crap
They called in the FHP and said hey, look. That's what for a few days here. Let's have you do something useful
Like real police work, and I said, uh, okay, but uh, you know
It's a little dangerous
She's very defensive and you know, I mean that's what they tend to do
I'm not blaming you personally sweetheart unless you want to take it that way. It's okay with me
But that's what you guys do you write tickets
It's just like the people with the speed traps the same old crap like the decoy prostitute
This is police work in America to waste the time
You know, did you see the thing on 60 minutes last night by the way with Mike Wallace that piece about the DNA? No
You didn't see that
That was a good piece and of course the ACLU which sometimes I agree sometimes I disagree
Sometimes they're just obnoxious and in this case obnoxious would be a compliment
I
Say that everybody should have their DNA taken at birth. What's wrong with that?
And then one thing they didn't bring up in the segment which I can't imagine why oh, it's so intrusive
Well, how about taking your fingerprints? That's intrusive you're in test right how about how about having a p in a bottle
That's pretty goddammit. You know, I mean if they want to take a stool sample I get a little bit personal
Especially depending on how they want to take it, you know
But taking your DNA and they had these women who were rape victims and they pointed out that they want the one
Scumbag he was in jail. I think he was getting ready to sign with the dolphin. He was in jail
And they didn't even know he was in jail for something else and he was the rapist
And once they were able to take the DNA and get the evidence they
They nailed his ass, but of course in the meantime he'd gone out and rape 15 other women in the interim or whatever was
I mean when you went and then they had two guys this is the best part they have one guy who had been convicted of murder
He was out of jail already and one other guy who attempted murder and these guys were sitting there very
Indignantly it was an invasion of their rights
Well, I hate to break the news to you
But even if you do the time you're still the slime. Okay, if you do the serious crime like that
What kind of rights do these people expect to have left?
And they're very indignant to the don't want their DNA taken, okay
Because maybe we'd show what real scumbags they really are you know, maybe it would be
That was a good piece. I'm sorry you didn't see that. That was uh almost worth while watching and by the way
You know, I don't want to go in with I saw a little bit of 2020 last night. Why is she on the year seriously?
So why is that woman on the year? Can anybody explain to me does she have naked pictures of the president of ABC?
So she had the inside information about that uh that Nazi fest they have that used to be the David Brinkley show on Sunday morning
And that's what that show is turned into by the way that's a Nazi hour ABC news reveals their true feelings about life in America on the hour of fascism 10
10 30 11 through the year be uh
Sunday morning
It's a fascist hour
The Nazi fest
I'm surprised you don't have little swastikas on there except for that floated Georgia step on top of us
Who's the right you know just go stepping in the line whatever whatever he can make some money right in the book about
Here's Miami. Hello
Say no. Yes sir
Uh one thing I know you don't drive
Well matter of much but there's a big billboard for sunny harsh
In memory of oh yeah
Yep from the hurricanes believe or not
Uh-huh
And also sandy paintings off the air
Yes, I know that's sure in fact I'm glad you're reminded me of that. Thank you very much
sandy paint is off here and Joan Fleischman writes in the herald and her gossip column
In an email to fans while they couldn't have to send too many of those out
Waxy 790 AM operations director Steve Brooks said
Sandy is taking a leave of absence to concentrate on her business
Peyton 53 does meet you consulting her lawyer Jeff Wiener says
As it take me to your Wiener oh god what a joke like like anybody was listening to that bitch
Have a nice day not so incidentally that a dispute between Peyton and Helen Buckner
Long time companion of channel 10 anchor and bishop is now resolved what a coincidence
Buckner 72 agreed to permanently withdraw a notice of protest
She filed in my made-circuit court that suggested Peyton inherited nearly a million dollars by manipulating bishop during her dying days
In turn Peyton agreed to drop her lawsuit against Buckner that leds Buckner was trying to strong arm her into forking over money
Settled says Buckner's lawyer Lee Schillinger
Word is that the will reigned intact and Sandy got her million dollars
So we'll be seeing you lovely lady because she's off with the cash
I would love to keep you all to myself lower out your ass Sandy what a talent
Although she's tight with Cheryl by the way two real japs
5 6 7 0 5 6 maybe you ever noticed that how the japs stick together
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 pound 5 6 8 on the AT&T wireless line never tell you about somebody threw up on his wedding night
I'll tell us to a little later
Huh? Yeah Puth is guts up
On their wedding night
Then we Gel czsto agasics sex like she back. I'm at the 16 November everyone
 spreads me over this Franco
indi
said
Scotch and cotton, so beton does he end title on walks with the names that they've given to the black kids.
Today they can throw high-profile, beautiful names and the drugs toll.
Yeah.
You bought a notorious endora cream horse, since then, offered a death man, etc.
And Robert doesn't get played, try a minute, use a lick, no pills, keep both.
RoboSophers secrets, download your culture and waiting their tag in that late text.
Now connect, stick, stack, and take a night, don't mind that, please call the teradosser,
I'll use a sheet, but set for me, a night will try a minute, fix and fell,
By the dumb machine, their magic sets.
They're the missing gallery, and you could do that, and hold your walls with the names that they've given to the black kids.
Today they can throw high-profile, beautiful names and the drugs toll.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, why do they think it's black to give the kids those tough names?
With those names that they'll find in, at the corner wall street.
For well, we've been looking for something fancy.
It's 11.30, 3560 WDQM, speak of something fancy, by the way.
I'm actually reading, here's the worst part for your good friend Monica, Monica Martinez.
Well, you know her name is Martinez, a drugs likeser.
But anyway, here's the tip off, I'm reading this press release about Dr. Racken.
Guess who he's appearing with at this seminar, this integrative health conference.
Dr. Julian Whitaker, MD.
Okay, now the less I say about Dr. Julian Whitaker, I'm not going to say anything about him, okay?
I'm not going to, I'm not going to, because that would be bad, you know, and they'll get upset about it.
He's also a keynote speaker at the conference.
He's written five books and appeared on rumors, National Television Radio shows promoting nutritional medicine.
He's a member of the American Medical Association, and founder and president of the American Preventative Medical.
He's also the publisher of the monthly newsletter, Health and Healing, and believe me, you don't want that.
You don't want it, okay?
Because I got sucked into subscribing to that some time ago.
And it's another one of these deals where I just give us some money, and every month we'll send you another mindless piece of idiotic crap.
I also bought his book on diabetes before I got to Dr. Bernstein, booked a good one, and basically he says, uh, nothing.
Oh my God, Dr. Julian Whitaker, oh, Jesus, good God almighty.
Oh, thanks God, I didn't promote that thing.
Thank God I had that sense, you know, every now and then my sense is, five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
five, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Next thing they'll be putting Bob Lincoln's name in those press releases too.
That should chase him away.
Here's four lottery, hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Another day the city link crap has, I think, the best of time for lottery, no restaurant, whatever.
The best of time I think is, I know, is that one on 84, Anthony from 84.
That's the goods.
Also, another way to stick it to the city is, you know, toll booth.
You can throw, you can throw pennies in the exact changing and the thing will count it up.
Another way to take it to a million closing.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Oh, speaking of Italian restaurants, anyway, get some, even I can squeeze something good out of that call.
I know it's hard to believe.
Oatomo Italian or something, an Oatomo something.
We're Boston market used to be out there by me on sunrise Boulevard.
It's, I don't know if it's open, I think it's even open.
I don't know, this sign is lit up.
I drove by there last night, going to my public.
By the way, my publics at the Saagras, they're the best.
Oh!
God, those people are great in there.
I feel like a major celebrity in there.
They treat me great.
They're wonderful.
But Oatomo Italian, Oatomo, some kind of an Italian, I don't know, I don't know what it is.
Maybe somebody will call looking for a free plug and tell us what that place is out there on sunrise Boulevard.
Oatomo, oatomo, oatomo, something.
The ultimate stuff.
Right there, too bad I can't eat my pasta anymore.
What are we going to have for lunch today?
Are you actually burning incense?
Yes.
Stinks.
I don't give a crap what it is.
I couldn't smell your farts in here.
Thank God.
But then I can smell what?
I was holding it in and now I can let go.
Now we're going to find the marijuana incense.
So we can start burning in here one day and they'll start walking through the vents all over the building.
And they'll be running around going.
Oh my God.
They're really smoking.
I'll bring that in tomorrow.
I'll roll it up another paper.
No, no, I'm serious.
Yeah, man.
There must be a marijuana.
I'll have to bring some back from Amsterdam one of these days.
It'll smell just like it.
Yeah, just like your five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the on the 18 to the widest line.
Also we got what's in the legal seafood, which I do believe opens tonight.
It would be depending on which part of the story you believe was right in the paper the other day.
And the saw grass legal seafood from Boston great, great place.
Of course, the show if you live long enough out there in West Broward, if they ever put the fires out, things are going to be great.
Let's go out and watch some fires.
Let's watch some grass burn.
Let's watch some brush fires.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Listen, let me bring out some apparent inconsistencies in your reasoning.
And maybe you can clarify.
Not a reasoning of what, what is that?
Well, let me tell you, and then you clarify.
I don't want to argue with you.
But you say people who jump on the panthers' banwagon three or four years ago when they won a banwagon jump person.
So, what, and I agree with you there.
Yeah.
But as far as the mart as you rip them for following a sorry team, like we have, but if they, the banwagon later, then they're banwagon jumping.
Sure.
But it's not just the question of having a sorry team.
Anybody can have a sorry team.
But the fact is they were world championship team.
And the owner went out and got rid of this dismantled the whole team to try to hold the community up for a stadium.
Everybody knows anybody with a small brain knows that.
I agree with you, but I follow the martins.
I enjoy that.
You enjoy them.
Did you enjoy the 17-3 game or the 7-2 game yesterday?
Which game this weekend did you enjoy the most?
So, what are you trying to say that nobody should follow the martins?
You can do whatever you want to do.
I don't care.
Okay.
Yeah, but you're saying that.
You're saying that.
What should they follow the martins or not?
No, let's say what we're doing to understand.
If you want to follow the graduate class, if you have nothing else going on in your life, and you want to get involved with a Florida Marlins with a Class A baseball team, be my guesser.
There are three and nine.
Just like the Orioles, there are three and nine.
But they're not three and nine because they were a bad team.
They were made into a bad team by a greedy, miserable SOB owner.
And now you can say, well, you know, John Henry owns them now.
Big deal.
But evidently, sir, I must be in the vast majority.
Not that that makes me right, you understand.
But I must be in the majority for once on this one because nobody cares about the martins.
They're not drawing flies.
And John Henry's going to lose a lot more than 10 in this year.
He's going to lose his big raccoons, what he's going to lose.
But if you, you know, it's a free country.
If that cranks your chain, if you enjoy following that, if you enjoy being a masochist, and having somebody slap you in the face,
and sell away the whole team, fine.
Be my guest.
Thank God he didn't want to argue about it.
Nothing worth an arguing with people about stuff, you know?
56670560, pawn 560 on the AT&T Rital's line.
Have we heard from anybody yet?
Have we ever got a ticket for going too slow?
No.
That FHP bitch that called before?
Anybody out there like the FHP?
No.
21tl.
That smells like crap, man.
It smells like, and do we get lunch just right now yet or what?
What lunch?
My omelette.
The bacon and cheese omelette I'm still waiting for from last week.
Or the whole we're going to get down?
I don't know.
You said the diner, then we have, what's Joe Costello doing?
He's not doing anything.
Do we have anybody around that will go run?
It's right across the street.
I'll even buy them lunch.
I'm paying for it.
How the hell can you turn that down?
I'm buying for lunch in my life.
In fact, just tell them, start a tab.
Tell them room or obey for it something.
That's a good looking guy.
He R E C K I O N.
If the Rex does not come on, I'll kick up my shoes.
Drift off my dress.
It makes me wet when I see you again.
I'll kick him Rex does.
That's too big for my mouth.
I want it mercenary and on top of you.
And take it up my looper and paint it move to you.
I'll kick you Rex does.
Okay.
And I'll kick through the wall.
He R E C K I O N.
Oh.
I want a drink or a bowl.
I want to laugh and call the audience.
You went to suit your lovely.
And that I'll give it a bowl.
Here's a board of inches.
As big as this.
And we'll tell you take up this.
I want to wrap my lips around.
You're quilting too.
And make your wonder where the clothes move.
That's a song they're right.
And it's on the circus side.
He R E C K I O N.
I want a drink or a bowl.
Okay.
But there's to be a little bit of a problem.
Is that complicated?
Is it a little bit okay, George?
No.
I mean, I'm paying for it.
I'm buying for watching my life.
I'm paying for my own lunch.
And he still seems to be having a little bit of a difficulty on there.
Like baking.
And they know what that is.
Like from a pig.
From a kosher pig.
Yeah.
Make sure it's from a kosher pig, by the way.
Tell them it's a fat old Jew that's eating it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Speaking of fat old Jew, Hank Goldberg will be here from Shulas Take 2
at 2 o'clock.
We got Jim Manich who's a real guy.
He'll be here at 6.9 and 30.
And then to Marlon.
This guy to call before.
He wants to follow the Marlon.
Thank God for him.
There is one.
All our sales people.
I hope you were listening.
There's a guy that likes the Marlon.
A Julio Noles.
So we're out there in Seltson spots for two or three bucks.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes.
It's amazing to me how something so beautiful and so destructive can be so powerful.
Or whatever it was that they said.
Didn't you see that?
It was unbelievable.
I almost fell off my chair.
I don't know.
I would not have heard my neighbor.
I'll tell you that.
I wouldn't give her no matches to play with.
Fire started.
I don't know if I should be telling you this, but I'm going to tell you anyway.
This is a very, very...
Yes.
I mean, this is a fiery pearl on Dr. Mark.
And I promised I would have revealed my sources.
And I also promised my sources that would be a little bleak as you know,
but kind of protect the world about the way this information came from.
Uh-huh.
All I got to say is this.
Dr. Mark,
we're bleeding on soft beach and nothing but a spito are all rolled up.
Oh, God.
Dr. Mark bathing on soft beach and a spito up to make me puke.
Oh, here you go.
Thank you so much, Tommy.
Tammy's going over there to...
And don't even want to eat lunch.
Of course, you don't want to put any weight on because if he does that,
that'll slow him down a little bit.
Now, if your honesty comes down to roller blades down in the morning because he wants to
move as fast as he can, not that he wants to take any invasive action in this place,
but there are some people chasing him around the hallways.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18th.
If you just change your hair color, I'm telling you.
Peacocks are a feather.
Can you believe that?
Dr. Mark in a spito on Miami Beach.
Oh, I can say is...
Cancel lunch.
Here's a mobile and lake worth.
Hello.
Get some butchuly oil.
Hello.
Hello.
Mobile and lake worth.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
Get some butchuly oil.
That smells like wheat.
Yeah.
Right?
Whatever you say.
What is it?
What are you talking about?
Butchuly oil.
What is that?
It's a...
Oil.
Smelly oil.
It doesn't smell like wheat.
I got news for it.
I don't want to smell anything because I'm smelling that horrible incense that you're burning in here.
And it smells like pure, unadulterated...
Yeah.
Look at all that stuff.
That's how it looks.
Huh?
It's out already.
But it's still...
That isn't going to make any difference.
It's going to linger on.
The thing, well, the fart is already out of my rectum.
But, you know, the aroma...
It lingers on.
No, I'm not.
I doubt it.
56670560.
I'll take your word forward.
Point on 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
And you.
Yes, sir.
I want your opinion.
I'm listening.
Okay.
The fallen person is the epitaphile and not.
Okay.
A 60-year-old man who takes a bath with a 70-year-old adopted daughter regularly.
Yeah.
Is he a epitaphile?
Yes.
56670560.
Point 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
WDQAM.
Hello.
QAM, yes.
Yes.
Hey, where can you buy that marijuana?
I...
Working with you by the marijuana right here in this part of town.
So we've got a lot of Jamaicans.
Yeah, I'm fine.
George will give you the phone numbers and the addresses and the spots all up and down.
No problem.
We're going to be selling weed right here on the air.
We're going to be auctioning it off real cheap tomorrow by the way between 10 and 2.
Good stuff.
Not the stuff from around here.
I mean some real good stuff that some of our connections brought back from Amsterdam.
WDQAM.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Yo.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
I like to speak to you.
Speaking.
Hello.
Yes.
George is trying to put the flames on the other room.
Go ahead.
I see.
How are you?
Great.
Great, great, great.
Hey, Neil.
And yes?
Okay.
Hey, hold on a second.
Neil.
Yes.
You're there.
Great.
What's the problem, sir?
Are you listening to yourself on a radio?
No, I'm fighting for some of you to get their finger out of your...
Recto.
What seems to be the problem?
You have a...
See, isn't that great?
That's good.
Like that was going to get on the air and he got hammed and hot and dittled and dittled around.
And it still didn't get on the air.
How do you like that?
Well, you know the more they stall.
Oh, is that what it was?
The stall routine.
That's what it does it.
Okay.
Neil.
Neil, the more they say, Neil, that's what gets it on the air.
Here's North Miami.
Hello?
North Miami.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know what they're doing with all sports and your ball of short sports.
Yeah.
Okay, that's it, Neil.
This man waited 19 minutes and 36 seconds to say that.
Well, yeah, share my all sports.
No, sir, I think what they ought to do is abolish people like you as well, they ought to make it illegal to be like you.
Whatever you are, that's what they ought to make it illegal to be like.
So did it would waste 19 minutes and 36 seconds of your marginal existence to tell me something so idiotic and ridiculous and good point, by the way, sir.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The gangster fish.
That's what we got here.
Maybe the dolphins are the gangster fish because Jimmy never met a gangster he didn't like.
You're in a scraice, Jimmy.
You're in a scraice and embarrassment to those of us with a brain, which of course leads most of the sports nerds out.
And those who pandered to them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Looking for people who like the Florida Highway Patrol.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I was just watching Channel 6 and they were just showing the latest coverage over there by the five people and now bringing out their goddamn kids, putting them on their shoulder, their younger kids.
Their kids are seeing their hacking and hauling.
People are bringing it out there, allowing you to get your kids.
They're filling their kids lungs up with all that crap, all that stuff.
You know, it rained a little bit yesterday.
I don't know about where you are.
It rained about a half an hour yesterday.
It was a half an hour.
When I was at a Saturday, now you have to.
And there was all this soot on my patio.
All this soot that are washed off the roof.
Now, I'm several miles, I mean, I'm pretty far west, but I'm still several miles, thank God, from where the fires are.
And there's all this soot in the air.
I mean, if you walked out of your house on Saturday and most of the South Florida, your lungs were filling with all this crap.
And people are taking their kids as close as they can to this goddamn blazing and ferner out there so they can fill their lungs with this crap.
They're bringing their goddamn lungs, share some of their beer coolers and whatever the hell else they got.
They're having a fire party, baby.
These are the same jackasses that came down the South State while we were trying to dig out.
Exactly.
These are the same assholes.
And I hope that fire jumps over and burns, even though I don't wish someone to get dead.
Well, now go ahead and go right ahead.
And these are the these out for the kids.
Maybe lightning.
They're going to a goddamn crisp.
Right.
And we can have a roast from goddamn marshmallows on their bodies.
Okay, we'll turn the air thing over to the marshmallows.
Okay, just come down.
People bringing their lawn chairs and their little kids.
It's a sporting event now.
Probably more exciting than most of the Panther games, but nevertheless it's fire watching.
Let's go watch the fires burn up the Everglades.
Let's go smell that smoke.
Huh?
We're talking about crazy people, baby.
We're talking about certifiably crazy people.
And the media is reporting on this like, hey, this great.
I bet there's some of these people are actually sacrificing their time and their space.
They probably have a sign spots that they've gotten over the years at the airport.
On a perimeter road, you know, you know, the ones I'm talking about.
They sit out there waiting for a plane crash.
And they would never admit that.
You know, just like the people are like auto racing like Joe Castella.
They never admit they go to that stuff to see cars crash.
Oh no, everybody wants to go see round, round, round, and round.
They're waiting for the big crash.
I mean, you know, it's kind of fascinating if you're sitting in a plane waiting to take off on the runway.
And another plane comes in like a big 747.
It's kind of interesting to watch you come in and land.
And you know, huh?
But I don't think I would drive out to the airport on perimeter road to sit there for several hours and pack a box lunch.
And two or three, six packs of beer.
You know what I'm saying?
And watching all the plane.
Oh, here comes another one.
And here's another one.
Yeah.
And even crash yet?
No.
I'd die.
So those people are sacrificing their spaces that they've probably had those for years.
But this doesn't come that often.
You know, you can watch your plane come in like one right after the other anytime you want.
But watching a fire burn in the Everglades, big massive fires like these.
This don't come along every day.
Thank God.
Who's that?
What about us with him?
Okay.
There's stuff.
Suffer grandizing fact you.
What does he want?
Hello?
Yeah.
You're going to lower my radio.
Okay?
You want?
Yeah.
Turn your radio off, Mr.
He doesn't want me to talk about the corner.
What are you talking about?
He doesn't know he's on.
I you're on the air.
Oh, that's sorry.
I haven't been on through it.
You're on the callers, Al.
What's wrong with you?
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
I'm going to be on the call.
With that oil...
With that oil, Goldstein.
Oh god, he is legionist on mine.
It's 11. 57 at 5.
60QM.
We're going to be on the call.
We're going to be on the call.
Don't look at Q.A.M.
Oh yes.
Watch the water bail.
Father in law.
When you get off my butt.
If your daughter is so perfect,
why is she very such a putt?
Father in law.
You think you better now.
than me, but I don't eat in cafeteria and I have cable TV. Always wearing black
shoes with a mirror to short. You can play the bad satiacus, you won't drive an
import. You're much swearing in the movies, too many thorns at the beach. Everyone except
for a break and should have been in the beach. Father in law, you're like driving
big cars and you hate eating music that has a good charm. Father in law, you tell me I am a
creep, but ain't clippin' coupons every day of the week. I have nothing like you. Don't
drink hot coffee when I eat a big mac. You're gone in my way. I will not destroy her. You're
just gonna have to get over it. You need to marry a lawyer.
Couple three five sixty, coming to QM on the highly rated on the award winning, whatever
the show is. We got two four five six seven open lines, five six seven oh five sixty,
pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Seriously, I feel like I'm in speed today. Maybe
you were turning on a radio this morning coming to work in here. Yeah, that's sound.
Yeah. Oh, seriously, I'm trying to keep up with Yaldi. Maybe we can suck that helium today
or something. Here's Miami Lake. Hello. Hello, me, Yaldi. How's it going, eh? Great.
A couple of weeks ago, I promised you a clip of Joe Boliv. Yeah, where is it? Oh, this
one. Hang on a second. What line is this guy? Hang on one. What's he on six? Is this you?
Hello. Hello. What's going on here? What just happened there? Where was he? Six. Are you
there? Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Well, we hit a problem on that phone line. We had that
awful echo in there. It's like 50 seconds long, if you want to hear it now. Am I going
to be able to hear it? I should be. Okay. My gun didn't turn back to the lead
glueline. Left it for current example. Turn to Johnson. I think it would go with some
momentum in the line. Drop the sound for a passive line. It comes back to the glueline
out of the fire side for Sullivan. Sullivan holding and signing his shoes. And Kyle McParen
had accepted that. He has been a pillar of strength on that bus to defend. Johnny
has been a pillar of strength on that bus. I don't want to tell him that I kind of
chose to defend the game. He makes my shoes safe. It is fine to go in the first year
of the year. I'm not a little impulsive. You have them there, Joe. Well, what is that? Greg
is a pillar of strength on that bus. He is taking his pants off. Thank you, sir. God
bless you. I don't want to see your ass. What was that from? That's nothing. He's been
showing his ass in this place for years is what they tell me. I told you he's got a cracked
coxus. He didn't believe me the other day. He cracked his coxus. Then he hired back
on coxus for the weekends on power afterwards. I've never worked in a business a hundred
years. I have never worked in a place before where the boss came in and took his pants
down in the middle of my show. Am I right? Did he just take his pants down? Didn't
business move you all the time? Jesus Christ. He's got a purple rectum. Wow. What can
I do? I'm sitting on my fat ass on this chair. Greg just walked out and here in
Burden. Back to the hole all of us to see. It wasn't a pretty sight either. I'll tell you
that. There are two pains of glass in between you and that. That's right. You were
up close and personal to see that purple rectum. She's glad I burned that incense. Yeah. I didn't know
about that part. WQ I am. Hey, how you doing? Great. Listen to me. The most hideous horrendous
drive that I saw at the game Saturday night. Yes. How come I'm not getting any
spy reports on the game? I wasn't. Wait. The game. Listen to me. Yes.
Of course, the thing Ron Jeremy naked. Yeah. These morons put up his big banner.
Hey, Chris. Good luck. We'll miss you, my brother. Oh, God. You can do things. God. I was
like, you got to be kidding. But if you could have heard the radio thing, Randy
Moulin and Gildey sucking his butt those last four or five minutes, I mean, the whole
last part of the broadcast, that's the only part I heard I was in the car and I'm going to
tell you I had never heard such suction in my life. It was unbelievable. You know, the
shrine goes up. I see you name Chris. I go, and they talk about Chris well. Then I see the
thing at the bottom of my brother. I want to know my God. It's for the more. Although I had a
spy report that after the game, I guess they brought him out for a ceremony to wish him
well and thank him and yada yada. And they announced his name that it was like a sitting
ovation with no nothing. Nothing happened. I also like to fact that the sunset will
write how the panthers close with the with the flurry. Come on. Yeah, they win three
games in a row for the first time all year long. Right. When it means absolutely nothing,
especially against the Tampa Bay, which they won 10 points of their 78 against the worst team
in the league. I mean, no, well, what does it mean? What does that mean? Mr. D.
Player that night also, it's three to one now. You know, there it's three nothing and three
one a boarding penalty on Mr. War. Yeah, right about that. Yes. Another stupid penalty.
You know, so I really smart play. Well, you're leaving out the big goalie, God, eh?
You're even out that big goal and the totally meaningless game. These people are obsessed
with that guy. I have no idea what it is. He must have naked pictures of about 80%
of the people that haven't had a real naked picture of. And he must have a naked picture of Michael
Russo who gives him a B who puts him on the same level. See, I can understand,
if you're setting a standard, Paul Burry is the only superstar. You give him an A.
If that's what Michael Russo means. But then the level below that, okay, Whitney
and Sean Burke and then Mark Parrish, that's fine. That's the level below the superstar.
But to put Peter Warrell on that level with those guys is enough to make me vomit.
You skate better than him. Exactly. Got better.
I'm out of it there. Okay. My brother.
Where's that lunch, by the way? Time to get lost. I mean, he got interrupted in the hallway.
5667, oh, he got intercepted. 5667, 0560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Did that goldstein call today or did I just dream that?
Yeah, I dreamed. I had a dream that now goldstein was going to call the show that they
and say he took a good dump and lost like two or three ounces.
I mean, the way he started out bragging there, he went from what, 307 to 299
and a half or something like that. What's a big deal with that?
Somebody that we, 307, they could lose that much in her sleep just, you know,
with bad bladder control.
50-who-er, up the lawnmine.
I'm getting a bang in my pocket. That's my man.
I can't say what it is on the radio, but it's a young and big.
I own out his power. I've got an hour, 14.
I've stood in the bathroom, I've got a room, I've got a room, I've got my room safe.
I'm on the bars, man. I was trying to bend somewhere else.
He said you're going to go blind if you keep touching yourself.
Now, ladies and ladies, ladies and gentlemen, going back to my room, then going back to old Rosie.
My girl gave me the boom.
So now I've stuck watching my key friend and porn.
Mama, that hell has no wrap like that of a woman's scar.
She told me so I'm like, don't cross your eyes, I'm now thick.
And then you're going to go blind if you keep touching yourself.
I'm touching it now, Mama.
And I'm breaking my teeth.
Now I'm a little older and a little more white.
It's hard to see where I'm cutin' because I got bad eyes.
Good book that's my verbatim, I said I get Jesus.
But in my whole gain, I'm not wrong with some personal reasons.
I don't over hate sin.
Then I can come join in life and breathe I don't know blind.
From always touching my key friend.
I love that.
12, 15, 5, 60, 20.
This is a very good bug.
It is very good.
Do you know the cheese?
No, it is great.
For just a second, I thought the cheese would like Belvita.
Remember Tom Belvita?
No, it's not though.
I was a geek, I know.
It's delicious.
From the stadium, what is it?
Stadium diner?
Yes.
Nice, Tommy.
I'm doing the acting because I'm inspired by my good friend Al Goldstein.
Of course I've been doing the acting for what?
Day after day, week after week after.
Am I losing anyway?
No.
But I'm holding my own baby.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Getting tremendous response here on a big game Saturday night on Michael Russo's column in the paper.
And Tom Jikas' column.
And everything else, all of these things.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes sir.
There's a Fort Lauderdale firefighter and I'd like to say something if I could, you know, this is some serious stuff we're dealing with out here.
Right.
And for all your listeners, I would encourage them if they're going to come out here to at least, you know, break some marshmallows in the hot dogs.
Okay. Thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
See, I'm turning the market the dollars up. Let me take a look.
Way up.
236, 9th act down, 21.
But the Dow is up 237.
So when I get out of here today, I'm going home and selling a lot of stock.
I am.
Anything I can make a profit on, I'm taking the money and I'm going to salt it away.
Because the last half of this year is brash of the last three or four months.
The Y2K thing.
If you don't believe me that people are going to go off the deep end, especially after those two hysteria movies come up this summer, then you just don't get it.
All you got to do is take a look at these assholes going out there with their families, with their little kids, with their lawn chairs, with their, with their coars, with their beer and weenies to watch the Everglades burn.
To realize that people are just as dumb as I've said it most of them always are.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. We got about three, four hundred open lines here today.
Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Hello?
Yes.
Oh, great. First of all, I hate your show. Second of all, I'd like to know what is your...
Okay, let's go to a plantation. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
I just want to thank you for...
I thought I was doing good to lunch or go show it up. My lunch is great. You're the last call on the board.
You know how those bricks are up here.
Well, I just want to thank you all year round for getting me through the day at work.
Today's my birthday and going to do a little celebration. A couple people I like to call a douchebag.
I don't know why I played that. I really know.
Richie S.
I didn't hear what he said, so just in case.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, right in the middle of my lunch, too. The one time I like to have some people on here now.
So I can eat my lunch and let them have, say, their piece. You know what I'm saying?
They don't do that. They never operate like in a concert with me. You know?
I'm doing, I'm doing ying and they're doing yang.
They're doing each other.
Another spastic Monday here in a major city. You're so predictable folks.
Every single Monday, every day. Unless we were given stuff away, then their lives wouldn't be nearly as busy as they are when we're not given crap away.
They're in good lunch today, by the way. Nice hamlum.
No potatoes, no stuff. You know, why do they have to do that, by the way?
Why is it every time you go into a diner or into a dentist or something like that?
They gotta give you a toast and those home fries, although I do like home fries. I can't eat them.
It wasn't easy getting you that just by itself.
I wouldn't have eaten that crap anyway.
They went through the whole potato menu. Oh, couldn't have put some home fries on there.
No, hash browns. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
And they did it just in... Thank you, stadium diner, by the way.
Even what I paid for. I think I may be having a scar quite often.
So tell Tommy. Here's a mobile in Key West. Tell him.
Hey, me, how are you doing? Great.
I just wanted to call you. I didn't get a chance to talk to you last week about the famous restaurant.
Yeah. I grew up in Southwest Miami and we used to go to the famous all the time.
And I really loved the place. I also loved the other place that was down the road from there.
And I think it was more on Collins which was the governor.
Never heard of that.
Oh, I think I put the name of it was.
But man, they had the greatest... the greatest desserts in that place like to die for.
But anyway, I remember the famous, it was a dynamite place and I just wanted to pass that along.
That's right, that's right. I remember where I was in this town.
It definitely was and they had the best gills pickles that I could ever die for.
Right. Okay. Out of material. God bless you, sir.
All right. Yeah. I would never eat the governor.
Not this one. Oh, by the way, speaking of this, when you notice his time is going on and not really all that much time, this couple of months.
We've got... I mean, the hour of fascism has arrived and it's not just Sunday morning at 10.30 on ABC.
More and more, this governor is showing his true colors and the fact that he's the own lock-stocking burrowed by the fanatical religious right.
With his goddamn school vouchers and with his opposition to any and all forms of gambling as much as he can muscle it out.
And all the other... all of these things.
All these naive people have thought, oh yeah, buch, buch, yeah, buch this.
And Ken Jenny, by the way, our Broward Sheriff, he's right there on his behind.
Another fascist and drag.
He's doing his best to outdo Rudy Giuliani, this Ken Jenny.
So I tell you one thing, if you're in Broward, even inside with the doors closed and the windows closed, don't even think about touching it even when you're taking a leak.
Okay. I'm telling you that right now, if you want to be on a safe side.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Has anybody mentioned to you that Michael Moore show from last night?
No.
The opportunity. Do you know who Michael Moore is?
No.
The guy with him, he used to have a show called TV Nation on NNTV.
Oh, yeah, right. I know that is.
He's got a new show on Bravo called The Awful Truth.
Last, he hired a truckload of fake puritans, people dressed up like puritans,
and showed up at Ken's bar's house in the morning when the guy was leaving his house.
Oh, right.
It was his vehicle.
And this week, last night, he had this...
What a contrast to Larry King, looking Ken stars, asked for half an hour the other night.
Well, Michael Moore rips the rich, the hypocrites, the right one, and he rips them a new one, every chance he gets.
Yeah.
Last night, he called gay rights the last frontier of civil rights in this country and felt that he had to get involved.
So he got this big pink win of Bego and loaded it up with gay people and set out to go to every state in the union where they had anti-saturday laws.
Yeah.
And basically break every one of them on camera for his report.
He went and saw that Lunar thick felt down into Peter Kansas.
Right, it felt, yeah.
And then he's seeing they're interviewing him and the guy's just a maniac and a loony tomb.
And then up drives this pink, big pink win of Bego.
And they start rocking it back and forth and just kind of like publicly breaking the silo we lost, they showed up there.
They just tried to jump on and hop in and join in.
And they showed up at Trent Lot's house one morning, not that Trent is gay or anything.
Oh no.
Just a cheerleader from old myth.
He's just like nothing off the old pom pom to keep in shape.
It was a hoot and I think you would enjoy it.
You might check it out sometimes.
It's on Bravo.
I found Bravo standing at the 9th. It's called the awful truth.
Okay, thank you sir.
All right.
Sorry to be with my mouth full of food.
Am I sorry to be no?
No.
Not really.
Because I can do it more delicately than some others.
So I was told the other day.
Although it's not that easy to eat an omelette and talk at the same time.
You notice?
Am I apologizing?
No.
I love it. Good omelette.
Thank you so much.
Let me say it again.
See I figure if I keep sucking around and maybe I'll 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 15.
No, it's inexpensive.
I can handle the 5 or 6 bucks whatever it was.
And then the $10 tip for Tommy.
Where are we going?
How come I must be my own?
Mobile in Tampa, no wonder I was resisting.
Hello?
Yo.
Yes sir.
Yo.
Yeah.
Yo, this is Jerome.
Yeah.
And.
So what's your infatuated with men's illnesses?
Oh brother.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Good call is your home.
Call us again next year.
As soon as you get your finger out of your rectum.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
You have a dirty mouth.
Do you want to say it?
It's Monday.
Good call.
Guys that are waiting, you know, several minutes for this crap.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I just wondered in today's Harold.
Did you see where ambitious left-sanded patients?
Yes I did, ma'am.
I already touched on that and have a nice day.
They're a little bit slow today, okay?
They're a little bit slow.
Talked about that before.
Didn't have any comment when I was talking about it.
But guess what?
Have a nice day.
Right.
Lovely lady.
Oh god.
The sandy, patent people.
The old, the desperate.
Wasn't enough that we had a call from Irving's chinoid life.
That wasn't bad enough.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
The sandy patent show is off the Iran waxy.
Does anybody care?
No.
Was anybody listening?
No.
I mean that's like St. Lawrenceville, Marty's off of waxy too.
Is anybody care about that?
No.
Besides Greg Reed with his purple rectum.
Comes in here and flashes the honest and God truth flashes us.
It's the most, right before my lunch no less.
Thank God it wasn't after lunch.
Seriously, I call that sexual harassment.
Sure was purple.
Yeah, exactly.
That's a-
Sex you harassment.
Arasment.
Arasment is not the meat.
1226 and 560 WQA.
And as we continue talking to the literate and illiterate, the Illuminati, the Cognacenti.
Hey baby, I'm going to use you as a sex toy.
Online has become my home.
There is so much stuff I must own.
A star ski and a hot launch file.
And a sign's picture of Wally Couch.
Oh, I'm spending too much time on eBay.
This is how I spend my day.
Oh, I'm just spending too much time on eBay.
Bidding time.
I've been awake for days now.
Don't care how high it goes.
Cause I have one thing to live for.
You have to get that comfortable grip.
I'm spending too much time on eBay.
My paycheck is flat and baby.
Oh, yeah, I'm spending too much time on eBay.
Bidding time.
1232 and 550 WQA.
By the way, did I mention yet today that the brick and such show on WI-NG940 Stupid Talk on queer channels slowly but surely catching up with the worst teams?
I mentioned that yet.
The full book comes out on April 30th, which I'll be on vacation.
But it will be sitting here on Big Piles.
I'm told by a program director by a pussy galore this morning.
In just a matter, not too many days, we'll be going to be getting that winter book coming out.
I wouldn't be surprised at all.
Those young demographics that Tom Jicke was writing about.
Those big numbers that he was talking about.
They're clamoring.
That was the word.
They're clamoring to get on because of the youthful, wonderful demographics of the Morning Show on his station.
Does anybody believe that?
No.
Do they believe it?
No.
56670560, 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Pember of Pine.
Hello?
Maybe I'll discuss.
How are you?
Okay.
I don't know why I just said my name.
Anyway, I just saw the funniest commercial the other night watching the Howard Stern TV show.
Yeah.
It was a commercial for the Treasure Island New Deal.
It was Roberto Durn was on it.
Talk about a low life.
In the commercial, he's fighting with this stripper, with gloves.
At the end of the commercial, she beats him and he says, no moss, no moss.
Yeah.
I just thought that was funny.
I think he had a beauty.
Okay, thanks.
56670560, 560 on the mobile.
Did you think that was funny?
No.
Was it amusing?
No.
Mildly interesting?
No.
Relatively.
No.
56670560, 560 on the mobile one line.
This audience is out of material.
I declare right now.
They're finished.
Stick a fork in them, baby.
As Bob Prince would say, they're done.
Here's Davy.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I know it's Monday, but I'll try and give you a good call.
Why do you want to ruin the...
I really feel bad for your hearing.
We have to listen for a moment.
Why?
I go through this every day.
This is Miami.
This is South Florida.
What you hear is what you get.
No, I know.
It's retard, Bill, man.
Here's the story.
I asked a simple question.
How about that game on Saturday night?
The last game of the year.
I wasn't there.
Few spy reports.
The stuff after the fan appreciation.
Did they give stuff away?
Did they stick their finger in each other's...
What was going on anything?
Do I get a response?
No.
No matter what it is.
Tom Hickle with it.
Is there any other thing in the sun?
Do I get a response about that?
No.
Sandy Payton gets a million dollars because that big fat bull
like from Channel 10 left in their will.
Any response about that?
Except the woman calling to repeat the same thing I read an hour ago?
No.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Okay, well, let me work tough now.
I'll try and talk about something intelligent with you.
Here's a nice little religion story.
A couple years ago, I had a baby cousin who died when he was born
because he was premature.
So one of my aunts in the family calls up and you know,
I'm just talking to me about it.
And she's like, you know, trying to understand that.
And she's really religious.
And she's like, oh, well, you know why it happened?
It happened because we're trying to understand why the baby died.
She knows it died from premature but just like an existential reason trying to understand that.
And she says, oh, it's because God needed an angel in heaven.
And so I was like, you know, I just totally went off.
And I've heard that explanation before.
He needs an angel in heaven.
Why did he take Tim Salman?
That's what I'm saying.
You know, they don't understand.
I mean, if God, first of all, God's all powerful, he doesn't have any needs.
And the other thing is that if God need an angel in heaven, you think he'll take a little baby.
But don't you understand the juvenile way that the world,
and especially this country, the way they function, somebody dies.
Oh, he's in heaven now.
Or God, like you said, God wanted him to...
For what?
What is that?
It's just a rationalization because the human beings in this country cannot cope with death.
They can't cope with the finality of death. They can't stand it.
Exactly. Exactly.
But they make up all these ridiculous stories that even a moron wouldn't believe.
I'm going to tell you right now, Stuart, I really believe this.
There isn't one percent of the people in this country who really believe in God.
Okay?
I don't care what they say they believe in.
Keep in mind the difference, okay?
Between what they will tell you and what they really believe inside between their ears.
There aren't one half a one percent of the people who are that dumb that they really believe in a God.
Right. You ever hear of that?
You have to be off your rocker to believe in that crap.
You think if God would need an angel, he'd take Arnold Schwarzenegger or someone like that.
Or Maria Schreiber with no chin.
Have you ever heard of Pascal's wager?
Yes.
And people think that that's such a logical thing.
And it's actually totally illogical.
I mean, for those in the audience that don't know, Pascal's wager is when people say,
oh, well, I better believe in God because, hey, if I don't...
Just in case, yeah.
Right. So, but they don't realize that what if the God isn't the Christian God?
First of all, you can't pretend you believe it either.
You really do believe it or you don't believe it.
And quite frankly, how does God know if you believe it?
Is God also a mind reader?
Yeah.
He also was inside your head.
He said there's five billion creatures crawling around on this planet.
He's inside.
Everybody's head at the same time.
Right. And you always have to say, oh, God bless you.
That's another thing I can't stand.
And have a great day.
Thank you.
It's like these people, you go to...
I was thinking this the other day, you go to a ballgame or like a hockey game.
And they... Oh, by the way, Jill, nice job.
I kept the thing with her name on it just because she did such a great job.
With the Montreal Game Lapse Wednesday.
Jill Minor.
Nice call on Jill.
She's saying both national anthem.
She came over to say hi before the game.
Remember, she was the first one that called...
And then of course, Beth Cohen, who's also great.
We got two knockout young ladies there.
Jill Minor and Beth Cohen.
Bring them back for next year, baby.
Oh!
But Jill, you did a wonderful job of the National Anthem and Oak Canada.
Both of them.
Very nice.
Nicely done, sweetheart.
And yesterday at the Gretzky Retirement, which we've had no calls about today,
maybe one in the first hour.
Not that I really want to talk about it.
What else there to say.
It makes me sick.
But they sang both national anthems there in New York,
even though there was no Canadian team plan.
So give both singers an opportunity to stick Wayne Gretzky's name in the National Anthems.
Yeah, in the last line of both of them, I forget how it went.
You know, they stuck his name in there.
Sac Religious, man.
And why do people when they play the National Anthem,
why do they when they're standing there,
put their hand over their heart?
They got heartburn.
Is that what it is?
From that crappy food in the Macarena?
That must be it.
They're going like, they're trying to bring it back up.
Well, what does that mean when you put your hand over your heart,
when they're doing that corny National Anthem crap?
Huh?
That's the civilian salute.
What does that mean?
It's a fascist ritual.
Yeah, right.
Exactly.
That's my point.
What's the point?
Put your hand over your heart.
Is that make you better than all the rest of us?
Thank you.
Once your phony, baloney, goose stepping sheep.
Never see a goose stepping sheep all the time.
Millions of them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We couldn't squeeze a response out of you bastard if we paid you by the word.
Oh, you're so sucks.
You know something?
You guys are so freaking boring.
You're what's wrong with this town.
People who think that they're just a real panic man.
Boring!
Be rid of them.
All these little punks with their finger inside each other's rectum.
Go out and watch the fire, okay?
Go out and have a party in the Everglades.
Have a party in your pants out there.
Is that what you hear from your special lady when you take off your pants for the first time?
You may have hair on your dome, but you're not a man if you don't have hair on your ass.
But you can when you get poopisha.
I could have a bacon with the babes until I got poopisha.
Now I have to shave my butt once a week.
You can have the same results when you order poopisha.
And now you can order through the internet at www.fuzzybutt.com.
Order today.
Now what do you say can't be a real man unless you have hair on your butt because I noticed that I don't want to mention Greg Reed.
When he took his pants down before and moondess right here in the studio and showed us his ugly, pimpley rectum, there was no hair on his butt.
Maybe they shaved it to treat the injury.
Maybe Joe Castello shaved his butt.
Huh?
What about Greg's?
What about...
Roy!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile phone line.
We're just rolling along, singing a song, killing four hours for your boys and girls, and doing a sensational job if I might add so my song...
OOO!
Doing a phenomenal job under these circumstances,
I'm going to make believe radio station and all spots radio.
With the general manager that walks around with his pants down to his knees.
And I got news for you Greg.
This ain't the sales office.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes sir.
Let me ask you a question a couple of weeks ago.
You said something about Ron and Ron coming on the air and I've been gone for a couple of weeks.
What's on the half of May 1st?
Oh May 1st.
Mornings May 1st.
Goodbye worst team.
Goodbye, uh, all of them.
Oh jeez.
Okay.
Well, wait a minute, oh jeez, is that bad?
Well, I mean, Ron and Ron.
Who would you rather have?
Who would you like us to have it a more? How about Bob and Tom?
I don't know whatever's out there.
I mean, I wouldn't mind having Rick and Tom.
I mean, do you like the morning show? Do you like the worst team?
Not really.
Do you like Geldy?
I definitely don't like Geldy.
You like D-Fo?
D-Fo is okay.
You like a little dog, Joe Rose.
Yeah, he's alright.
I don't mind the show, but if Geldy were off of there, you'd like it better as I don't want to put it in your mouth.
I agree.
Geldy, the voice is annoying and although he has some knowledge of hockey, he doesn't have enough.
The voice and the ass sucking are the two things that disturb me tremendously greatly.
I agree.
Okay, thanks.
Bob and Tom start mornings.
Whatever he wants.
We'll put them on.
Rick and Tom start mornings on May or whatever that day is.
Second, third.
You want Rick and Tom to be in the morning?
You got him.
Five at 940.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the automobile one.
Give him a little bit of a plug.
Okay, let's go some up there.
Maybe if we get their numbers up there like neck and neck, those to nose.
We might get these morning guys off their dead ass.
Improve that show.
There's an quit sucking so much damn ass, so much hairy ass.
God, even defending that Cecil Collins crap this morning.
I mean, I could even I couldn't believe that.
I know what a butt sucking a fool a little Geldy is.
But when he's the, well, they mean they got nothing to lose.
You know, you know, something Jimmy Johnson or Brian Murray or Terry Murray or John Henry,
they could come in here and drop ten pounds of manure right there on Geldy's face.
He said, oh, that's the most delicious manure I've ever tasted in my life.
Please bring some more.
That's what kind of a little quit bet is.
Okay, a little butt sucking twit.
Here's more Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yo, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I kind of echo the comments of a color, I don't know, what's that?
And what's that?
Pardon me?
And which one is that?
Something about infatuation with men's asses or something like that.
Yeah.
Who's that?
Who's infatuation with men's asses?
You.
No, I'm not.
It seems like.
I'm not the least but interested in men's asses, nor did I talk to General Manager to come in here and show his ass.
I couldn't care less about that.
I see Neil.
Like I told him when he was in there right to his face, he's been showing people his ass here ever since he came in the building the first time.
But anyway, yes.
Why does that concern you, sir?
Unless you have absolutely no material whatsoever, what does that mean?
I don't think I need to have material to call your show except to make a comment.
And what does that mean?
And the cop?
I'm not going away.
And this is another guy.
See, you can't.
It doesn't make any difference how many times you try it, pal, because it's number one.
I'm not going to get on here.
And number two, you wouldn't be listening if he really wanted me to go away.
So obviously, something I said today, disturb him, okay?
Maybe he's got a fetish with Jimmy Johnson, okay?
The fact that I said Jimmy is the gangster coach.
I mean, you can go through the whole litany of things I said here today.
Something disturbed this guy.
The sooner that I go away, I have an obsession with men...
Recto.
...coring to him, okay?
I don't have an obsession with anybody's rectum, okay?
To me, it's the least interesting part of the body.
And the fact that we find out a lot of you so called, and I underline the so-called part,
macho guys are obsessed with women's rectum, well, there you go.
Maybe that's what he's upset about.
Is that we brought him out of the ass closet.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I don't want to do that.
Like a dog banging at the moon.
Yes, sooner you go away, I'm not going anywhere, pal.
I don't want you to go with him.
I'm not going with you.
You wanted it or not.
I don't want to.
Listen, I got to go home in a little while.
Okay, I don't blame you.
I want to just talk real fast about religion.
I mean, because this plus my ass, man.
I got to tell you.
Or maybe it was the God stuff that bothered this guy.
Maybe he's another emotional cripple that can't handle the truth about the God bullcrap.
Well, now they're going to get on me because, flesh, they're going to create it, create it
everything.
Yeah.
Create it to bad.
You know, these people, it's like they just want to know about the good and they blame the devil
for the bad.
That's why they had to invent the devil because they made it.
Yeah, they can't accept this.
I mean, this earth really sucks.
Right.
Well, we see going on overseas in Europe all around us.
We see people crashing in airplanes, earthquakes, floods.
Right.
The law created it all around us.
All kinds of things, all kinds of viruses, all kinds of bacteria that are, if I was to tell
you that a human being would do this crap and create all this, so you would turn away from
that.
Put them on death row.
We'd say it's crazy.
It's totally invention.
In order to love me, I created all this crap.
Right.
This is incredible.
52 at 560, WQA and that guy is absolutely correct.
Take a look at what's going on over there in Yugoslavia.
All these poor, desperate human beings.
I mean, this crap that's going on.
And all these diseases and these drug resistant back to strains of bacteria and on and on
it goes.
See, nature, you can understand nature.
This is the way nature works because that's the real world.
But for people who want to live in this fantasy world, like that jackass that called a
couple of calls ago, I know who you are, sir.
And you can't turn it off.
Can you?
Can you turn it off?
No.
You'll never turn it off.
The minute I hang it up, then you'll turn it off.
But in the meantime, he couldn't turn us off if you paid him by the minute because he's obsessed
with this show.
And they always have to do to try and deflect attention.
You know, oh, I'm obsessed with rectum.
I'm going to say, no, I'm not obsessed with rectum, sir.
I haven't got the least bit of interest in your rectum, even in my rectum, okay?
Even my formerly bruised rectum.
Or I Greg Reid's purple rectum.
How do you like that?
Eeeh!
That's what I thought what I saw.
That's the first thing that came to my mind when the boss is in there pulling his pants down.
Eeeh!
God!
Here's a man that runs around a building showing his ass to the world.
And he, I was going to say he signs a paycheck.
He don't even do that.
He puts like a little squiggly mark on there, which means there might be enough in the
banking account this week to cover it so he can give him his paycheck now.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
He's clearly not showing there, which means here.
Are you there?
Oh, good.
I got rid of him.
He had his radio turned up, sir.
I had telephone technique.
Don't talk to people who got the radio blasting in the back.
Oh, we got a bunch of winners here today.
56670560, pont 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a lady in adventura.
Hello.
Yeah, Miami.
I mean, I think you're still an unofficial rabbi, even though you're an atheist.
But what does that mean?
Well, because I think you have the intellect of a rabbi who's always searching for the truth.
I'm not searching for anything.
Well, but let me ask you this.
Haven't you called me and told me exactly the same thing before?
Yeah, I see.
Yeah, exactly.
Let me ask your questions.
If there's no creator, who created space, time, and matter?
I haven't got any idea.
Didn't the nature.
It's just there.
Nobody created it.
Let me ask you this.
If there's a god, who created him?
Well, that's the dilemma.
Ah, that's the dilemma.
Well, what's the difference in that question between that and the one you asked me?
Because somebody must be creating something.
Uh-huh.
Just like there must be a beginning in the end because that's the way everything works in our experience.
There must be a beginning in an end.
Not necessarily.
Why not?
Because maybe there's infinity in there.
Oh, and so if there's infinity, maybe the universe was always here.
What a concept.
Well, but even infinity has a boundary, I think.
Yeah, like they can't say certain words on here on their stations, right?
Oh, well, we're thinking about it.
Now what's math?
Well, let me ask you.
What difference does it make?
Because there may be a possibility that you're wrong.
About what?
A creator.
A creator, like a person, like a guy with a long beard and long hair, like five times.
I don't know.
I'm not saying use my index.
Something, something, something that creates time, matter, and space.
Uh-huh.
What would that thing be?
I thought it was that thing.
Okay.
Well, when you find out, you call me back and let me know.
She started out to call exactly verbatim word for word.
I don't know how many times over the years she's called, but that same song I did, word for word.
She's probably got it written down.
Maybe she's got it memorized, but now she ought to.
And makes no sense whatsoever.
Something's got to be there.
Doesn't it?
No.
Do I care?
No.
And she can handle it.
Well, maybe someday, no.
I don't care.
There's no interest in me.
All these fairy tales.
The greatest biblical scholar I ever knew in my life pulled me.
It's all about your bubble my seas.
It's all about your fairy tales.
Bill, waste your time with it.
And I said, okay.
And you're right.
All these silly, ridiculous things.
How could anybody see it again?
People say that.
Like I said before, people say these things because they want us to think that they really believe them.
But in between their ears, where we can't really read their mind.
But if we could, we'd know that they're going like, yeah.
Like I don't really believe this crap any more than he does.
But I got to say it because it sounds good.
Because it's the acceptable, the socially acceptable thing to say.
Oh, the good Lord willen.
The good Lord willen.
How about stop all the, I saved these poor bastards.
Look at this.
They're got loads of bread over there in Yugoslavia.
Try to look at those people.
Look at that.
Look at what's going on over there.
And you're giving me a bunch of crap about a god.
Yeah, but they're Muslims.
Oh, that's right.
Wrong god.
See you lose.
That'll teach him.
God, my fat ass.
God, Greg Reads, Pimpley.
Bracto.
Please write, I'm obsessed with rectum.
I just like to wait a-
Cart sound.
Bracto.
Yeah, that's mixed Lewis.
Although.
Oh.
That's our poor question.
Which one do you like better?
You like rectum?
Or, which mixed Lewis's gem?
Boy, these people are just worry out.
1257 at 550Q.
Do we have any regards around here for when I leave?
I'll get mom real upset.
Because I haven't smoked any cigars in a long time.
But I'm going to light one up when I leave today.
Just an honor of my good friends down at mix.
Because you know something.
The one thing I can tell you for sure when you go one of those great
Pradoma reserves or any of the great cigars from down here.
The Lord didn't make those.
Next made them.
How do you like that?
Those great cigars.
God didn't make them.
Those little banana picking.
No picking illegal aliens.
They made them.
They put a lot of love and care and hard work.
It'll make an each and one of those great premium cigars and mix cigars.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
We were born to be.
French fry high.
We were born to be.
We were born to be.
We were born to be.
Born to be French fry.
Born to be.
Yes.
Yes, we were born.
Born.
Born.
Born.
Born.
And you.
You rise around your mind whenever you pass up the ground of the perfect king king king.
You can see him all the opposite of my state of cooking with grape grapes.
Yes, you were born.
Born.
Born to be French fry.
Born to be French fry.
Yes, you were born.
Born.
Born.
Born.
Born.
Born to be.
It's not just a little bit more than it's a baby.
It's just a little bit more than it's a baby.
You're born.
Born.
Born.
Born.
It's not just a baby.
Yes, we were four, four, four.
We're doing what the M.A.P.
By the way, you know what you put under fines in the U.S.
Three minutes after one at 560 WQM,
it's our big one to two hour, 560,
560, 05, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And the reason those poor people are by the way over there dying
and being chased out of their homes is because just exactly what these
assholes were talking about.
Good old time, religion, baby.
There you go.
Every time you see something rotest and nasty and unhuman happening in the world
and people hating each other and trying to kill each other,
99% of the time it comes back to that good old religion.
Oh!
Trying to force it down your throat.
So to speak.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've known for a while.
What is it?
Your poll, quick.
OK, great.
560, 05, 60, 05, 60.
See what I mean?
It's hopeless.
This place is never going to get any better.
It's a vacuum.
All the real people are out there watching the fires.
They got their BBQ going.
They don't even have to take their BBQ.
They just got their marshmallows and their wienies.
They just stick about the window of the car.
Oh, it's getting pretty hot now.
And the wieny too.
I'll bet.
Here's a mobile and four-loader, Neil.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey.
How you doing, Neil?
OK.
I was just going to say about the year 2000.
What do you think about that?
What's going to happen if you're like into God and all that and everything?
And you know, there is no God in this and that.
And they say the Bible, your 2000 is the whole world, and it comes to the end.
How long have they been saying that, sir?
How long have you been saying that, sir?
I'm going to back her.
Let me ask you something.
When the date changes, OK?
When the date on the calendar changes, what does it mean?
Just another year.
Another day.
Just another year.
The sun and the moon and the stars and the huck'a moon.
It isn't going to change a goddamn thing.
You don't think nothing's going to happen at all.
Well, what do you mean by that?
That the world can come to an end.
It's just like it's all happening.
You're asking me that seriously?
Do I think the world's coming to an end?
All the good people are still voting not sinners or whatever.
And everybody else is going to go to hell.
And what are they going to do in heaven, sir?
What's going to be going on up there?
It's like everything's simple.
Peaceful.
You live with no commitments, no nothing.
And you give whatever you want, supposedly, or whatever you want.
You give whatever you want, like what?
Like what?
Like what?
Peacefulness or whatever, no fighting no more.
Oh, you said you give whatever you want.
You get whatever there's no fighting in a funeral for in a cemetery.
It's true.
It's a bug.
Everybody's down there.
Okay, thank you.
There's the answer.
Peaceful.
They're peaceful in the box.
Oh, my God.
This guy, he's asking me a serious question.
Is it he?
Yes.
That's the scary part of it.
Don't I really believe the world is going to come to an end
when the calendar changes?
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
If that's the case, we better start going out and living up right now.
Because we got a short time.
We only got eight months in 11 days left.
See ya.
Let's take a tape on.
Yeah.
I got to come in these things, but we only got that little time left.
I'm going to think you're going to be burning in hell.
Oh, there's a God for you.
If you don't believe a bunch of silly fairy tales, you're going to burn out.
And let me ask you something, sir, when you don't have a body,
how is it going to feel when you're burning in hell?
How do you feel pain when you have no sense of feeling?
How do you feel this pleasure, this peace when you have no brain,
when you have nobody?
I ain't got nobody.
Come on.
Let's hear it.
How do they recognize you?
Does he check your DNA?
Does he look at your fingerprints?
Because you don't have either one when you get to the pearly gates.
Okay?
There's nobody.
There's nothing.
There is the soul.
Anybody ever see a soul except the one at the bottom of your shoe?
No.
And by the way, look at what's on the bottom of your shoe.
If you're stepped in the wrong spot this morning.
Is that what you call a crappy soul?
I tell you one thing.
Better make sure, just when you're getting ready to decide to check out.
Make sure you look at the bottom of your shoes.
Because if you wind up dying and just at that particular moment,
you have to have dogs on the bottom of your shoe.
Nobody gets in the heaven when they got a crappy soul.
Huh?
Straight to hell.
But why a crappy soul?
You lose.
You're out.
You're out, Tom.
Can you get me off the hook for all?
Can't do it, Sally.
Hey, Sally.
Get it up for me.
Oh, we know where she's going.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Can I get a request?
No.
Where we gone?
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hi, Alia.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just to get on the lighter subject, I took George's advice this weekend and shaved my scrotum.
Yeah.
And the popular George advice is that Joe Costello is about.
Oh, is it?
Yes.
And the popular consensus is that it's good.
Yeah.
Women seem to dig it.
Women seem to dig it?
Well, how do you know that?
Great.
Well, you're Hi, Alia.
I'm sure that it looks good in the glory hole.
The popular consensus was that it's good.
Women dig it.
You see what I mean again?
About feeble minds?
Feeble minds.
Even some of the people around here, these sports nerds around here.
These young macho guys.
Most of them who couldn't get laid in the goddamn warehouse.
They're running around shaving their balls because Joe Costello said his girlfriend likes him to shave his nuts.
If Rocky the squirrel said he shaved his nuts, would everybody out there do it?
Probably.
Talk about impressionable people about sheep with no brain, with no minds in their own.
And that lady who keeps asking me year after year, the same stupid questions about don't I really care?
No.
No.
No.
No.
Don't care.
I don't think about them not interested.
How did we get here?
No.
Do we know?
No.
We ever going to know.
But differences it makes.
It's something to argue about.
It's something to hate each other about.
It's something to kill each other and persecute each other about.
So cut the crap.
With all your superstition, with your foolishness.
And by the way, don't step under that goddamn ladder while you're at it.
And don't let that black pussycat step in front of your path because you're going to go straight to hell.
Something really bad is going to happen.
And if you go to the store and then totally your groceries comes up like to 666,
you better hope the decimal points after the first six.
Because otherwise something really really bad is going to happen.
That's right.
The cashier is going to say, uh-uh, still short.
Right.
God is that thing, will you?
No.
My name is Ross Perot.
Stand by 5-foot-bone.
Worth about 566 billion.
Never buy a sec.
Ain't had a list of 6.
Oh, but I'm willing.
Before I can declare,
I'll fix my KGH up.
Because I look kind of funny.
But both parties not alone.
They say she's the only one.
Can't fly the guy with money.
I got lost so much money.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
So much money and then money.
Why don't you go to 3-6?
I can't win this.
Yes, because I am so bad.
I am so bad.
I'm so bad.
I'm so bad.
I'm so bad.
Everybody go to go on these.
Listen up, but pay for it.
I can leave you to a Lex Ross Perot.
I ain't got nobody, baby.
I ain't got nobody.
I can't feel nothing.
I can't see nothing.
I can't hear nothing.
I can't even smell.
Nothing almost.
I'm going to heaven.
I'm going to hell.
I'm going to burn.
And of course, burning won't be all that bad, because I have no body.
I got no skin.
I got no sense of feeling.
I got no brain.
So I'm not even going to feel it.
That it's like there's a bear in the woods.
No, if a tree falls in the woods and nobody hears it, does it make a sound?
And if you go to hell and you can't feel the fire.
Are you getting burned?
Do it hurt.
Do it hurt?
No.
And if you go to heaven and you can't feel it and you're in this blissful, whatever the other
cock I this guy was talking about, this piece, piece.
I got your piece over here, pal.
Maniac.
lunatics.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I wanted to comment on this religious thing.
Religious thing?
Well, whatever.
You know.
It's a Bible that says that the age of 30 everybody should commit suicide.
I can guarantee you math suicide.
You know what I mean?
My point is.
Part of these things.
My point is.
Yeah, but I do kind of like grade pool either.
Well, yeah, I understand that.
But my point is.
Not too crazy about the tapioca pudding.
You had a lady on.
Facing your nuts off.
Maybe your castel is a little bit later than the Doremi guys.
Go ahead.
Right.
But my point is that you had a lady on a couple of minutes ago or whatever.
And she was talking about creator and you were rabbi or whatever.
Oh, yeah.
Her same old tired boring line.
And the creator and the stent.
You know, you could take a glass of water and stick it out in the hot sun for four or five days.
And you created something because something's going to go in there.
You know what I mean?
My point is.
How do we know?
Probably a butterfly might drop a little something in there.
Yeah, I mean, I think.
It's going to be floating around on top.
I think it goes back to the old saying.
Keep it up with the Joneses.
The Joneses as far as.
No, that's not the old saying.
The old saying is that people are sheep and people are want to think to themselves.
And so people, even if they know that it's a bunch of crepes, they don't have the guts to say it.
They feel compelled.
Like when they do these polls in America, 97% of the people that they say they believe in God, they say.
Even though 96% and 9% percent of them know it's a bunch of bullcrap.
Right. Right.
Well, either way, there's too many people that follow these cults.
I mean, they could say whatever.
What would mean cults?
All of them are cults.
They're actually religion in the world as a cult.
Right. That's what I'm saying.
Well, God bless you, sir.
5670560, it's Rabbi Neal.
Oi!
Lady, you're so boring.
You have any idea how boring you are, sweetheart?
How boring, how terminal, how repetitious, how, I mean, very infrequent calls, but it's always the same thing.
How many times can we hear without starting to regurgitate them?
You don't want to talk about sweetheart.
I don't think you do.
I don't think you get it.
Oh, Rabbi Neal.
Yeah. I got you rabbi right over here, sweetheart.
Right by the short hairs.
And don't get me started on your accountant again.
OK. Because I can't stand it.
He's laying at the toilet and he's rocking back and forth.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
He's made me a bubble capa.
And you look at somebody like that and you say,
Please lock him up. Please. Put him away.
On April 16th, please. Yes. Here's Miami. Hello.
I'm sorry. Is this just taking the group of speaking?
Let's go to a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil. I just, this religious stuff is really good.
Is there going to be a lot of people who think they're funny and not being here?
Not least.
Hi, I'm here, Jeremy Chan.
Hi, I'm here. Hi, I'm here.
I'm a champ. Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi.
These people are absolutely nuts.
Yeah.
Everyone, all these religious phonetics are absolutely nuts.
Well, what are these phonetics? If it's making individual,
whether they're phonetical or not, I mean, they only, if they're phonetical,
of course, they're doing a lot more harm with it.
That's what makes it worse. Makes them elignant.
Well, you see, they just, they just don't get it.
I mean, the best thing in life is to be the best person you can be.
I mean, regardless of religion and, of course, the...
The N.H. baby, do all harm.
That's it.
The simplest religion makes all the sense in the world.
The N.H. If everybody would, the N.H.
We would have the courage. This guy's talking about peace and tranquility.
We could have it right here. The N.H.
Stop killing everybody. Stop driving people out of their homes.
Stop raping women. Stop doing all of these things.
You go with the Christian rights and all that stuff.
I mean, if you're not born into the correct religion,
you're not going to be saved.
I guess the Jewish firefighter who gives a life saving 40 people in a building is...
Yeah, but don't forget that he did.
His people decided that there were gods chosen people.
So maybe he, who knows?
Well, every religion says, we're the chosen people.
If you don't believe what we believe, you're going to hell.
Every religion says that.
You're really going to want to bunch of intolerant, coarse craft, this is.
And it would, from the point of view though, I mean, from the Christian point of view,
I mean, there's a lot of them.
If this guy gives us life saving people, 30 people with the idea of out of burning people.
He's still burning in hell.
And if he's accepted Jesus on his deathbed, he's going to heaven.
But the Christian mass murderer, a 20 who says,
I found Jesus in a cell before he gets elected, who is going to be saved.
Or if I found Jesus on Rick Riley's lawn, that's right.
Absolutely. Well, I don't know about that. I don't know about that one.
So what the plan to Jesus has life lost it?
Well, it's just amazing.
And if they believe that God created the heaven and earth and all the people...
And afterwards they're going to be saved. Well, he controls which soul comes down here then, right?
Yeah.
So he knows ahead of time who's damned and who's not. They're damned before they do.
And what happens if you like the Beatles got a rubber soul? What do you do then?
Well, I, at least then you won't get shocked when you go to hell anyway.
And if they're damned before they do, then they do, then it's a revolver.
Well, don't waste your time on it, pal. Just a school.
It's a revolver. I have a beehive for you.
Okay.
Hey, thanks.
See ya.
Yeah, kind of like our sales department, it's a revolvering door.
Good luck, Dara.
I'll see ya.
She's gone. I'll see her no more.
As the QAM sales department keeps spinning and spinning and spinning and churning,
whatever happened to the guy that wanted the books about Italy,
which I keep forgetting to bring in.
I was almost going to bring them in this morning. I thought he's probably gone through already.
What's his name?
The tall young sales guy that wanted the books...
I don't even know what his name is.
How can you learn the names of the salespeople when you're here for five minutes,
and then we got a new one replacing them.
Like that Peter Leonard, Leonard Peter, pumpkin eater, whatever his name is.
That group ball? He's like one step away from the thing.
That's right, that's what we got in our sales department.
All of these things.
Yeah, right. Fat boy.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, Hilla.
Mobile and Palm Beach.
Yes, Mr. Rodgers.
Speaking.
Yes?
Christianity is not a religion.
What is it?
The personal relationship with Jesus Christ.
Uh-huh.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
How do you have personal relationship with Jesus Christ?
No, I don't know.
What does that mean?
It means that Christianity is not a religion.
Yes, it is.
Christianity.
How can you be a Christian unless you have faith, unless you believe in something?
That's what a religion is.
No, it is not.
It is a personal relationship.
You're giving me...
You're giving me...
You're giving me...
You're giving me...
You're giving me...
You do not have...
You do not have to be a Presbyterian or a Catholic or any Denomination with just really a religion to have...
To be a Christian, a Christian Christianity is not a religion.
That's according to you.
No, that's according to the Bible.
No, then that's not according to the Bible.
That's not according to the teachings of the Bible.
It's implemented by the Catholic Church in the Protestant and the all the sect of the Protestant Church.
The Christian Orthodox and the Protestants are all...
All men own a attempt to explain Christianity.
To explain it?
Yes, sir.
Do you mean you explain a religion that was invented many years after this alleged person Jesus died, was nailed on the cross and allegedly came back?
The Christianity has strictly to do with the individual.
When God created everything He created, the free will of man and the sovereignty of God will live on together.
And it's man's own choice whether he believes or not believes.
And it does not have anything.
How about the people in the parts of the world where they never hear the message of Jesus? How about those people?
The cause is...
It's going to happen to them.
There is no such thing as an unfair situation.
It's someone in the parts of the world that does not hear the message of the people.
Maybe they don't have people pervied like in the jungles of Africa somewhere?
They would automatically be saved if they...
They saved for what? For a rainy day? What happens to them?
No, sir. In other words, everybody reaches God consciousness at some level.
That was the bottom.
You reach God consciousness at a certain age.
Then you're responsible from your actions.
Didn't the New Testament say whoever shall believe in this bubble by sea will have everlasting life? Only the ones who believe in it?
No, sir. But let's take a look at the rest.
Let's take a child.
Let's take a child.
Let's take a child.
It does not have any reason to take his money.
Does he want to take his money?
Let's take a child.
He reads God consciousness.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
You keep using all the flowery...
There are thousands of children.
There are thousands of children.
Doesn't read God consciousness, yeah?
That's correct.
The call of God consciousness is at one point you realize there's a God and you have to make a choice.
A choice of one.
No, there's nothing in the Bible he's saying.
You're just making all this up.
You've got your own religion.
That's true. I'm not making a God.
You're just making it up as you go along.
That's true. I'm not.
And if a child does not reach God's consciousness...
Yeah. Okay. Have a great day, sir.
You repeat the same thing.
400 times. Once we got to the 400 times.
What's your been on?
Next...
Next, loony tunes.
56670560.560 on the AT&T Rival Slime.
He has a personal relationship with Jesus.
I wouldn't be surprised if they eat deli together.
Maybe they had to pass over Seder together this year.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Nea, how you doing?
Because when Jesus was alive, by the way, there was no Christian religion.
Pretty good, sir.
He was too.
He was too.
He didn't know who it was.
You're in rare form.
The last supper was a Passover Seder.
He was drinking a wine and Eric Burton was spilling it.
Yeah, go ahead, sir.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
You're in rare form today, boy.
Yes, I am.
This religion thing just gets you in a knot.
No, it doesn't get me in a knot.
It gets these people in a knot.
Anyway.
It's one of the ones that I wanted to tell you.
Because I haven't heard it for the longest time.
Yeah.
Bon logramer, la secha.
Okay.
Right.
So yeah.
In La Sesta, it must have been a highlight player.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
There you go, sir.
Just for you.
That's another religion, too.
I'll put the lotion in the.
Scorch, cork.
Your basket.
And that's why they have paul bears at funerals, you know?
Because they are the ones who put the lotion in the casket.
Well, you don't want to just sit in there forever.
So you put fashion in the shirt.
How I love the litus, litin' that is why I become.
Yes.
I'm singing.
What's the unnoted.
Is there Mary Catherine with so in front with what I done to you, baby?
Action with her son.
Oh!
And you can see for safety in these, that's just song went to number one.
Because I was on none.
Sound away to make some cash and hope the royal teeth will last a good, tired none.
Don't get none.
I never made it that big, because I didn't look that great.
So I got the unnew habit to end drugs and getting laid.
Had my one and only hits and then the bad again got hit.
The Pope said, there's my big.
Now that I'm dead, I can't reveal how much I wanted Sally Field to go with Lynn in my wheel.
Okay, one thirty one and five sixty WQM.
The Pope's greatest hits, by the way, is number four with a bullet over in Italy.
Does in case you're keeping track.
It's a monster.
Five, five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Just look around you, look at the rampant stupidity, the rampant ignorance, the suffering, the famine, the hardships, the disease.
Every year we come up with new diseases, new strains of bacteria.
Is God doing anything about all these things?
No.
No, he's too busy worrying about who's betting on which the team of the football gives, because they're all having their goddamn NFL prayer breakfast,
not a Southern bull crap.
And praying to God, because oh yeah, and by the way, you'll be pleased to know that the Cecil Collins come back,
that Jimmy assigned the other day, yesterday, or that they drafted at least yesterday.
This Cecil Collins says, oh, he's found God now, so now everything will be okay.
Right.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yeah, I knew. I got to ask you a question.
You got a one?
Ask your question.
Ask me a question?
Yeah.
If you shave your pubic head, then you get...
Yes.
What if you clip them with a...
If you clip your clip with a clip or yes, that makes you get too.
Don't do it, sir.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 3 on the AT&T Rattles Line.
Here's four Myers. Hello?
Hello, Neil. How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Say I agree with you, Neil.
They're killing you over there.
That audience is there.
They're running your show.
They're getting worse and worse.
We've only been listening to you for about a year over on this coast and in that amount of time
It's it really has gotten noticeably bad
And that amount of time it's not a different than it was five years ago 10 years ago
I got the same lung kids here that I've always been here
And when they in the when they move out of they croak we bring in new lung kids to replace them
I thought I was hearing you say to third getting progressively worse. No, I must have misunderstood. No, that's the that's the same old crap
Well, I was gonna offer a suggestion
I think it's rather brilliant, but what is that maybe just for like a week or or so you can test taking all your calls from this coast and
Make them pay over there, you know to call over here make make who pay all the people from the east coast make them call a West Coast
And you can get all the idiots on this coast
Really see where it goes. Yeah, okay
Thanks pal thanks to no thanks five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18
We don't have enough metamusel to talk to the people over there on the West Coast
The grandparents of the people who live in sunrise live on a West Coast to Florida
They're over there in four Myers and in Naples and in Tampa and St. Pete and queer water and
Tarpen Springs all of these places all of these things
By the way, how's the thing doing?
Haven't seen the thing lately
Here's a wrong line. Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale. Hello. Yeah, sir, man. This is Christianity stuff upset you don't it? No
Sure sounds like it not upset in the least well, are you are you upset?
I'm just enjoying it man. I'm just having a great show. I'm just to do my thing here
I'm not the lead. I couldn't care less what these are both those say well
I just would you like to would you like me to say I'm upset?
Would that make you feel better? No, I don't have to make another thing you feel better
On a radio it's entertainment man. Exactly. It's a radio show
It's just entertainers like they made up their religion so they can entertain each other within their killings
Right, okay, God bless you sir God with no material. Here's West Kendall. Hello. No. Yes, sir
There's a place in Florida that all these religious priests should go to and that is
The borders of the national inquiry. Yeah, land ten
Land Tana. Yeah, oh land Tana there you go because inquiring minds want to know what is all this full crop?
Uh-huh and another thing can I call to somebody a douchebag?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless on is the search for God continues the relentless never ending search like that
Fixed as before all you'll be searching for the truth for what I'm not searching for I'm searching for something
We're always looking for that
But as far as the truth am I looking for the truth? No, what truth are you talking about your truth? No more?
She put mixed truth what truth are you talking about what what fairytale which who made up?
What silly story for silly emotional cripple people who can't accept the fact that when you die
You're dead you're dead you're dead period end of discussion not because God wanted you because your time was up because
Whatever because crap happens. That's what the that's the answer to that question
I mean some people they croak who were smoking three packs of cigarettes a day and they die because they got lung cancer
It killed them. Okay, very simple nothing complicated at all
They kill themselves with crap just like some of us kill ourselves with food like my close personal friend
We'll call before the fat Al Goldstein who lost six ounces over the weekend and watch this to write a book about it
Put up a put up a put up one of those good-year blinks
We really have to write the good year blimp. We'll just tie a string to Al's ass and stand him up in the air
We'll just stick a helium pump up Al's rectum and him up there with a 305. I'm sorry 298 pounds
That's incredible can you believe that and but it's good I I'm trying to scare him for years
Just like we're trying to do with the boogster there
Share him out of the eating at least even if you don't even if you don't lose any weight don't expand anymore
Don't expand
And now that he's terrified that he's gonna be on insulin having to take those shots
Having to take the needle like Sherlock Holmes Watson having to take that needle all of the he says oh
Maybe I'll lose an answer to maybe I'd leave like half a pound of cereal in the industrial box and leave it for somebody else
Remember all those times he would do that bring in the in like they used to sell an extra remember extra
Would sell they used to have like for families being industrious for a school for a class for an entire school a
Huge box of cereal
Preferably loaded with cereal like frosted flakes which I do like by the way and
He would sit there during the show and eat the whole goddamn box is like like a side dish to whatever we were having for lunch that day
Whatever we were having for our two or three meals that day
Like Don Deleuys said maybe we can have a couple of meals together
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach hello
Well these buttons are killing me mobile and West Palm hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great? I was just wanting to get off this religion thing
Maybe mentioned something about Wayne Grisky briefly. Yeah, and that is that they've been talking about this packing the torch the yogur thing
I don't know they like you past it last night
I think yogur's are the torch for about three years now. Yeah, I mean
Let's be in a shadow of his former self for the last couple of years
It's pain if I can't stand it would begin with it was a great player
But to watch him you go around every time somebody would just hit him just barely touch him
He put his hands on that little pansy helmet is and go skate over the bench like oh they touched me, you know
I'm so glad he retired and didn't have to go out like a clown, you know his time was up. He was right time was up
Probably a year and a half ago
Right, right?
I mean
We'll be do for
National press conference
ESPN classic showing Wayne's 22 hours. That's right 22 hours
Three days and then they're showing his last game that was just yesterday, right? It's getting ridiculous
You're right not to mention that they the face two national items by adding his name. They're right
That's right. I have two two countries have been disgraced Canada and the US because they had a stick his name in there yesterday
That's all I want to say you can go back to the religion thing now. Okay. God bless you all right and
The Maple Leafs. Oh boy. I got to play the flyers and of course there gay burrs
And maybe I hope the hell he gets his jaw straight not by Thursday. We're gonna be in real big deep stuff
That then frog that revey on the Canadians the waxing on a jaw there not even a penalty call
Bears that may have a broken job. I'm gonna have to check my Toronto Sun when I go home on the internet because you sure don't get any
For you don't not only that you don't even get a story about that that had happened down here
That's the kind of coverage we got down here. No
Peace of crap Michael Russo and David J. Neal you're gonna wind up burning and held it to you together only David J. Neal be dressed for it
Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers
I
Christy
I'm
They were speaking
That made me a believer.
It was kind of fun.
To get out of high ground.
Speaking tongue.
They got these believe in my tongue
just breathing from side to side.
That's what it was about.
That's what it was about.
That's what it was about.
That's what it was about.
That's what it was about.
That's what it was about when I was racing.
I sat my tongue to the feet.
Now, whatever I do,
it will forgive me.
Because now I speak in tongue.
But that makes me a believer.
And I'm having fun.
Playing around with my mouth.
Now I speak in tongue.
That's incredible.
145 is incredible.
Okay, calm down.
He'll be here at two o'clock from school to stay.
One thing about those religions, baby, they like their tongue.
They're definitely big in the tongue.
All our tongue, you know, is not the...
You're going to the deli and you get tongue.
You're probably Jewish.
Why is it the Jews eat tongue?
Do you have any idea?
Is that a Latin thing?
The Latin is eat tongue?
I've never had it.
Is it any good?
Depends on who's tongue it is.
Where are we going?
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello.
I never had tongue.
Yes, sir.
We have a trouble on this line 8 again.
Go ahead.
I can't use it.
Line 8's all screwed up.
I always get that howling sound on line 8.
Maybe they know it was a Palm Beach call.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I was going to ask you a question.
Do you know a person by the name of Cliff Benham?
Cliff Benham.
Excuse me.
Flip Benham.
No.
Okay, that man there is going around showing aborted fetuses to children.
Yeah.
Here's with operation rescue, the subversion thing that's going on in Buffalo, New York.
Right.
He's going around showing these things.
Where is he going?
To hell or to heaven?
Probably to Cheek to Waga, which is worse than either one.
How come our phone is like feeding back into all kinds of funky things that we've been doing fine on the phone.
It's a Monday to begin in the week.
Phone has been functioning just fine.
We've had a plethora of calls.
Maybe even one or two good ones, but I can't remember one.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miramar.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Bill, I challenge believers all over to protest your show and you because of you blast-feeding and the way you've taught.
Well, let me ask you why are you listening, sir?
Because I just flip through the channel and I challenge them to protest your show and those that even advertise in your show.
Yes, that's what's not going to happen, sir.
That's what happens.
That's what happens, sir.
Yeah, that's what happens.
You're a homosexual.
Yes.
I want to believe there's no God.
Oh, there's no God.
There's no God.
There's no God.
There's going to be a judgment for you unless you receive the blood of Jesus.
The blood of Jesus.
Yeah.
I got your blood over here, pal, in little vile.
I've never heard anything so vile in my life.
It's been a long vile since I heard anything like that.
He just happened to be...
He was just tuning through the...
Another radio accident.
You're so full of crap, pal.
And of course, I know a good religious guy like Guy like you would never lie.
What do you hear?
Oh, yeah.
It just happened to be tuning through my fat ass.
We want a protest.
Oh, I see.
That's the good question.
Why you don't like my opinions?
You don't like what I'm saying?
Therefore, let's protest.
Let's stop it.
Let's stop his right to say what he's saying because we don't like it.
And you answer, you make the point that I'm making.
You're exactly what I'm talking about.
Another intolerant schmuck.
Like that's the first time we've heard that voice.
Who the hell are you kidding?
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes?
Neil, I have a question for you.
I think you're the expert.
So I think you've got the answer.
Yeah.
If that is real, flexible and...
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
Go on and get yourself one of those men's health magazines.
So I think you'll find at least the picture is interesting if nothing else.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay.
I just like to say a couple things.
First of all, I'm talking about the Grestki thing.
Yeah.
I think Grestki deserves all 22 hours of it.
I mean, hey, the guy is the greatest hockey player ever.
So?
Unarguably.
So, so they give 4 hours a day to a homosexual Jew.
Uh-huh.
And no one comes to that.
How do you know how homosexuals are in sports?
I don't care about how many of you are guys going to be winned.
Was doing in the locker room.
Do you have any idea?
No, I have no idea.
But, um, by the way, I'd like to say about the caller who called beforehand.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's right.
Uh, we should protest.
We should protest.
Here's another one who was on hold when the guy calls.
But already because the other guy calls, we should protest.
Why are you listening, sir?
Did you also have an accident?
Why am I listening?
I have to say, Neil, I enjoy the ridiculousness of your show.
Yeah.
I think that all of your comments are great.
Yeah.
And, uh, I think they're worthy of, uh, of listening to.
Yes.
Because, uh, what are you talking about?
I'm talking about, uh, you know, sometimes you learn from watching people who are wrong.
That's what I'm doing.
I like to learn from those who are obviously.
Well, well, you're definitely.
And the price is right, sir.
And you ought to put a check in the mail, made out to me, okay?
Any amount you want.
The price is right.
Teaching you whatever it is that you need to know, I'm wrong, you're right.
I'm dumb, you're smart.
There you go.
And Wayne Gretzky deserves 25,000 hours because he was a great actor.
He was a great hockey player.
I think we ought to suspend all the new shows.
We ought to take all the entertainment shows, all the programming off, all the networks,
air-be-cable stations, air-be-satellite stations, and put Wayne Gretzky's push on there,
and all these games over and over again.
Don't you?
No.
No.
See, this is the new thing now because I said something that ruffled their feathers, obviously.
They got to attack me.
That's great.
Be my guest, okay?
Open up your big fat push.
I agree with the other guy.
Another parrot, another sheep, without an original thought in your goddamn brain.
Even when you tick off, it smells like somebody else's, sir.
I guarantee you.
