Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers.
We've talked to Neil called 560560 toll free for date and browser.
From £560 on yourself, all the opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
I'll be high five for a moment!
Ha ha ha!
5605 WQAM ERECIOS
If the wreck doesn't sign, I'm gonna kick off my shoes, drift off my dress.
It makes me wet when I see you get a big impact.
Oh right!
Before my mouth, I want a mercenary and a cup of you, and take it up by overcated food suits.
Give me an air freshener!
Hey!
To the wall!
ERETP IOS!
I want a dream far ball!
I want to laugh at Wally on me when you do stir loosing!
And that I'll give it a blow!
In the morning it gets as big as this!
At least until you take up this, I want to wrap my lips around your clothing too!
And make your wonderwormic clothing move!
That's a miracle!
And my dog!
And it's on circus side!
ERECIOS!
I want a dream far ball!
ERETP IOS!
10 out of 2.5 50 WQAM, so Georgia's back today from the wounded.
And evidently, you must have been out of here.
It says, where's this friend coming out?
When is the radio coming out?
What is with you, man?
I would have thought that at least you would have been kept your ear tuned to that.
I tried.
Mike will in one hand in the radio.
So anyway, the best news of all.
This is so typical.
And you know, one thing you didn't notice about this, the opening day program for the Marlins from Monday.
Finally, you think Leavon's going to win one game this year?
No.
Nice job, Leavon.
So anyway, the opening day program from 1999 at the Marlins, the brand new deal of the regime,
and here on page, well, they're not numbered, so page something.
About a third of the way through.
It is brought to my attention.
Here's an ad with my picture on it.
It says, and it's a really, I mean, bush-league.
You know, I hate to keep comparing to Piper High, because we owe those kids an apology.
You know, seriously, WKPX is one of the best high school stations in America.
They play great music.
Those kids over there are more professional broadcasters than most of the people, especially the ones behind the scenes who work in this place.
I don't want to mention Sam, because she'd get upset.
But nevertheless, here's an ad, a promotional ad.
You want them mid-days, 10 AM to 2 PM, and there's a picture.
You're good picture, by the way, with a Stogie.
Actually, it looks almost human there, almost.
And then there's the bumper sticker logo that also blew in yellow, grotesque thing that makes you want to puke your guts.
You want them? We got them.
And there's the picture, and it says mid-days, 10 AM to 2 PM.
And in small print, it says, Neil, spelled correctly.
That's good.
R-O-D-G-E-R-S.
What's there to say?
On the label.
Or maybe just...
Yeah.
Can't even spell the names right.
But you know, the interesting part that you didn't notice, which I'm sure you didn't scour through this with your interest in the Marlins.
Oh, the Marlins!
I don't see any ad.
For the rest of the radio station.
So I shouldn't be complaining.
At least I got a mention in here.
The In-Logo's around that page.
What?
That's the rest of the station.
The Team-Logo's.
The same ad that has your push.
What does that mean?
It has all of the Team-Logo's.
Neil Rogers and all the games.
That's all.
But I didn't even associate that with the ad.
I thought that I didn't realize that.
That's what you've got him is talking about.
Well, that's the dumbest thing I ever saw in my life.
Because it's like off to the side.
There's like a line, you know, like that strong line that separates me from the rest of the 20 hours.
And the sports craft.
Because we want to make sure we separate him.
Because his numbers are too big.
But doesn't it look like it's separated?
I thought it would like him to do it over here.
I didn't think it was part of the ad.
But seriously, there was nothing.
Is there anything in here promoting the worst team?
No.
Humber?
No.
Ed Kaplan and the gambling show for all the the the the the the general gamblers?
No.
Nothing.
And and what you're missing out.
Is there anything here that says catch the for example?
I'll give you an example.
Which I marked somewhere in here.
There's a on some page.
It says catch the marlins on WQBA.
Seven.
Well, here it is.
Look.
14, 11, 40 a.m.
There's a big beautiful ad by the way.
Catch the marlins on WQBA for the best seat in La Casa.
And by the way, I want to credit the people in WQBA.
I can't do it for much.
But at least it's in English and esponial.
How do you like that?
Unlike an ad that appears later on and here way back to the back of the book.
And I don't want to pick on these people.
They may be very nice people and they want to make some money in their own business.
But how come it is in a program?
Now keep in mind, this is the Florida marlins, the Florida marlins,
not the Havana, the Cuban national team, or the Havana or sugar kings,
whatever it used to be 100 years ago.
This is the Florida marlins.
Here's an ad full page that doesn't have a word of English in it.
El baseball viva y la cae ocho y la trainte si hay teavanida.
Por C IES, don't they say equentra la tienda marlins and Miami et cetera.
The way they throw small and it's for marlins and Miami for some kind of a marlins shop,
you know, sporting goods kind of place.
Loonese viernes, 90 and 6 p.m., sabros, et cetera, paramas,
informacion, yama, and esponial.
I think they speak Spanish there.
No, they're just pandery.
No, seriously, I mean, what is that?
I thought we were making some progress because years ago you drive on a Palmetto.
Oh boy, do I hate that.
But when you'd have to drive on a Palmetto, you drive past the highly apportionate Palmetto
and you'd see all those billboards in esponial.
Oh, no spigot ingles, and now I don't see any of those.
And I thought, yeah, I'm making some progress, God damn it.
That too.
And now you pick up the marlins and see this is just like what the hero does.
I mean, you go through the program, you see the names of all the players,
and they're all named Gonzales and his Aramon Castro.
Oh, look, Aramon, you're in trouble.
I sure don't be in no kin, no Pazan.
But I mean, yeah, we understand that.
But in the meantime, Julio is not interested in the marlins.
That's the myth that they keep pushing.
Oh, they've been pushing this thing from day one.
And I'm sure when they start peddling the new stadium,
which, man, they're working frantically all the way after last night,
they may have taken a few giant steps backward.
They said they had 18,000 people there last night.
Yeah. Well, that was the paid attendance.
That was the number of tickets sold, including season ticket holders.
However many there are, maybe 9,000, 10,000 so far.
Quite a drop off from that opening day,
and the John Henry Good luck, because you'll need it sweetheart.
Now, we got a real interesting thing going on in town today.
Wait till I get to this stand-up bastard.
Can I make a suggestion?
How about if we just take the handle of bastard
and put him out of banana boat and just send him back to Cuba?
I know if it I wouldn't want to take him, but let's give him the opportunity.
No choice. He's yours.
You are, Dan.
And this covers a lot of territory, so this is quite an honor that I'm giving you now.
You are the biggest asshole who has ever descended upon this town.
There isn't anybody. I can't say.
I mean, this guy makes very jackass look like redsmith,
in terms of sports writing, in terms of a human being, in terms of a mentality.
Today, he's got a thing about the gangster jocks, you know,
about pros and cons, all that stuff we talked about months ago.
Never met a gangster he didn't like.
In fact, I'm so inspired by Dan LaBasterd.
I think I'm going to call a Paul Tangliebun,
and suggest that the NFL should start.
Gangsta tryouts at every person, every penitentiary, all over America, from coast to coast.
God only knows how many good criminals will come up with.
Huh?
Yeah, the gangster teams.
This guy never met a gangster,
and then of course, interesting enough, in his same newspaper today,
is the latest story about Irving Spikes.
Ow!
Got a little problem, a little nose problem, they're again Irving.
A little peddling problem, a little gun problem, not only in one state,
but in two states, the price of one.
But Dan LaBasterd don't confuse him with the facts.
We're going to send you back, Danny.
We're going to put a maybe no-chay under each armpit.
We're going to stuff a picture of Leavon right up your back,
and send you back where you came from.
And hope they'll take you.
In fact, let's just get over to Guantanamo, maybe they'll think he's Yugoslavia.
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQM, if you're a FI,
oh, and by the way, speaking of the QA of libertarians, assholes.
Look at this.
See, you people with libertarian parties, stop wasting my facts paper, okay?
Nobody cares about the libertarian party.
Nobody cares about your stupid idiotic bullcrap about Yugoslavia,
and how this is all unjust and yadi-yadi-yadi.
Anybody that could watch 10 seconds or more of what's going on over there,
and what's being done to these people, and write this will,
no wonder there aren't five people with an IQ larger than their penis,
who want to be an identifiable libertarian party.
So keep wasting our facts paper and sending me this crap, okay?
Idiots, assholes, and we see the president getting ready to deliver his address.
He's in the oval office with the gold drapes behind him,
and he is preparing to address the American people.
I'm in a QA music place, my fellow Americans,
I have deployed our forces to put up a fight in a place called Kosovo.
Outside of Albania, where all the massacres don't use gold.
Right there in Kosovo, we're gonna blow away.
Serbian Muslims in the KLA.
Slop open a Milo-Sovik, is mad because his nickname is Slom.
Later, a Kosovo freak out and poke out the kind of angler go that Romania,
bulk area, gruel, ancient school, vina, Serbian, Pristina,
patriotic, see as the Kosovo.
That's where I told NATO to point our planes and go.
And I'll make some build radiance, sorry, whoa.
And you go molten, they grow.
And they come with some miracles.
1015 to 560 WQA on a great Wednesday.
That's a great day for the Irish, for the Jews, for the Schwarches, for the Polox, for everybody.
Not too good for the U.S. lobbyans, but we're working on it.
So anyway, I think we made about the precipitate that you may have started this.
In fact, you were the one that brought this to my attention this morning.
Maybe that's where you were yesterday, not out sick, looking for something.
Yeah, I was digging around.
Digging around for some crap to stir up, says usual.
Stir up some crap.
And now, Jordan didn't take George Long, plus then 24 hours later,
he's getting even with Sam for calling him a little lady or whatever he called you yesterday.
She, I didn't even hear it.
Maybe he said you were working on she, something like that.
But anyway, Greg Regis came in with a very expensive suit, by the way.
And when we traded that out.
And was foaming it to mouth.
I've never seen him so furious.
He said, let me see that program.
And he opened it up and there's Neil Rogers, Misspelled with a D.
And then there's the logos of the three teams that look like totally unassociated with the rest of the yet.
It looks like part of the night.
You don't even, if you look at that, you don't even identify that with QAIM.
And anyway, shape or form, it's one of the worst ads, even worse than the one that's all in Espanol.
Because at least that one, I don't understand that well.
You know what I'm saying?
You can't get mad at an ad when you can't understand a lot of it.
But this is just pathetic.
I'm firing him today.
I said, who?
Sam.
And we all went.
Right.
Right.
We all know he's got naked pictures.
You're not firing Sam today.
She's not going anywhere.
Hey, we'll call everybody she.
Okay, that'll make Sam feel better.
Everybody's full of she-ite.
Okay.
She did.
She that.
I mean, it's pathetic.
And it's so typical of what goes on in this place.
You know what I mean?
Plus, it goes to show you the tremendous impact.
Because yesterday I was asking begging people to call.
I think I went up with three or four who had been to Marlon's Open Around Monday.
And here we got the ad and there was my picture in there, which I should be your writer.
I should be grateful.
It's not Hank's Big Fat Plus.
Hey, stop it.
It's not the morning show.
Oh, by the way.
I'm going to work this morning and they had my buddy Ray Whitney on there.
And I said, interview Ray.
Got to love Ray Whitney.
There's the guy.
You notice for a little guy, he's got a real deep voice.
You know what that means, don't you?
Huh?
Oh, seriously.
Any time you see a guy with a real, real deep voice.
Ray Whitney has a pair.
A big pair, yeah.
But, you know, he was good and he didn't go to Lillian.
He said, basically, we stink and they were pissed off and, you know, he told it like it was.
But after that, when I came in this morning, I said, defore, I said, was that a tape after the Whitney interview?
It was the same 20 minutes they did yesterday.
It exactly the same time.
Maybe they're going to start patching in some of the dead spots in the morning with tape until the renearly starts.
Huh?
I mean, if I was just playing out the string until the L Synchro Demile, I would be doing the same thing I guess.
You know, just patching a bunch of tapes, press conferences, stuff like that that kills a lot of time.
That was funny.
Yeah.
Because it was the same exactly word for word verbatim what they went through yesterday.
And Joe being reeling diggin' because depots had this and guilty about the Panthers, you know.
Give it up, guys. They suck.
They suck. It's called lack of talent.
Carolina won last night, so if there were any doubts in your mind, I mean, as close to official as possible, no playoffs.
Even a Wayne's got all our playoff money, no playoffs for the second year in a row.
And, well, you think we need this and Pavel, I got news for you.
But this is a lackluster bunch. There's maybe four or five, maybe a half a dozen guys on this team that ought to be here next year.
And if we're me, I would clean house.
Of course, it isn't me. And where they ought to start cleaning house like I said yesterday is where that's the top.
But I don't want to repeat everything I said yesterday because then I'll be like them.
But I mean, like verbatim. The next 25 minutes verbatim. Word for word.
Yeah, I said before I said, why are you doing that? It's not that complicated.
Like a talent. Too many stiffs and uniforms out there. Too many guys who can't get the job done.
Who couldn't stick the biscuit in the basket?
That's the problem. They can't stick it in the basket and the biscuit either.
So, evidently, you got Sam in a lot of trouble this morning.
You know? To which I say, oh, yeah.
Get him off his ass. Okay. Get him off his dead ass.
Let's start getting some promotion for this place.
And by the way, Hank is right. I heard Hank talking about the referencing these trends that came out yesterday.
I'm being honest with George who was sleeping and puking all day.
And they came out. We did great here in midday, by the way.
I'll be glad to tilt my own horn because nobody else will touch it with a 10 foot bowl.
But I'll do that.
And the Hank's numbers are at DC. Now, on the one hand, I want to make sure he understands what I'm sure he does realize this.
Being on from 2 to 6 is in this market much preferable to 3 to 7.
Because the 6 to 7 hour is a dead hour. You know? It's TV viewing time.
You know, for the most part, drive time in this market is over by 6 o'clock.
It's watch the evening news and the network news at 6.30.
That's what he and having dinner 6 to 7. It's not a good radio. Our never has been.
So, when you're on from 2 to 6, then you have to wait till the whole book comes out and you can extrapolate your own numbers from 2 to 6.
Just like we can do from 10 to 2 instead of the day part that Arbatron designs 10 to 3.
We, you know, have only the first 4 hours of that. So you have to extrapolate it.
So obviously, whatever his number is, it's better because the 6 to 7 hour with all the respect to Fat Blue is a weak sister.
So, Hank's doing fine. We're kicking serious ass.
The weak link. I don't want to mention no names again here in terms of these trends.
And we watch these following numbers. The weak link continues to be that morning showing.
I mean, I heard that 20 minutes this morning. It sounded like I'd heard word of verbatim yesterday word for word.
I mean, every, every single phrase, every single word.
No, you're saying, Buria, this is my beef and the yarrie jagger and a penguin that's pretty good and we need it.
Every word that I heard yesterday.
What can we do? That's our poll question this morning. What can we do to improve that morning show?
Remember when you read it that one time? He went.
Squared, squirt. Don't you remember that? That was as close to angry as you can get Mikey.
As close as you get to a rebuttal or response.
Not can we do to improve that near Roger show. Remember that?
And you're a good friend Roger Magdalene participated in that too, by the way.
Can we find out what the real Henry Burrow story is? I'm just, I am just dying to know.
We heard from Henry that one day and he used my show as kind of like a sounding board to promote his feeble show there on Waxie.
And we were trying to get the real story behind the story about what they did the reneering who stabbed them in the back and outcome.
He couldn't afford to buy the time there, but they could et cetera and so on.
And then that Mark Benson called in that anxious one Mark Benson almost as anxious as Steve Nudelberg.
And remember, you remember that conversation? I remember like it was only moments ago, fresh in my mind.
And we had a very surly and very much too long conversation.
And then the next thing we did was like on a Thursday or Friday.
Next thing we don't Monday morning, Henry Burrow announces is the retirement.
Henry Burrow retired.
Why I'm sure like to you? I mean, not that anybody that saw it, it was listening to it, but it just, you know, in terms of industry scuttle, but I'd like to find out.
By the way, we met 17 new salespeople this morning at WWQAM.
If I'm serious, anywhere within a 10 block radius of this station, you can walk out under the hallway here.
You can walk outside under the driveway. You can walk up 441 and you bump into somebody.
Oh, excuse me. Hey, aren't you any arranges? I just, I'm on the sales department of your station.
I just started QM five minutes ago.
Like I said, when you got all those sports things and most of them will tell you, oh yeah, I started in sports sales.
Like Steve Nudelberg, they brought him back to sell sports.
So maybe anybody want to buy any Marlon spots? No. Any interest? No.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. I had a couple of questions regarding spots on a Marlon game. No.
Okay. No, thank you. No, thank you.
It's a cheap, real cheap. No. Okay. No.
I asked some questions regarding COSIVO. Yes. Okay.
First of all, they're bringing all these thousands of refugees to Guantanamo, right? Yes, that's right.
It's they're going to bring them all that way. Why don't they just bring them here? I mean, we can set up little albany.
They're going to overthrow Castro. That's the part of the plot that you don't understand.
I mean, sir, side is open. We can just make little albany. No.
What they're going to do is they're going to overthrow a Castro and then we're sending all these Julios.
They'll the melt content ones that aren't happy about the way things are going here.
They're all going back whether they want to go or not. With Dan LaBaster?
Yeah. In fact, have you noticed how they're shoving all the Albanians out of these planes, not even with their families?
They're shoving them on there, taking them to Godowing those where.
Well, that's what's going to happen with all these Cubans that talk up too much, you know.
Make too much trouble here. They're going straight back there as soon as the, you know, I mean, the Euro-Slobians can take care of it.
When is the message about here? They can't do it.
We're bombing them from that base and Italy. When are we going to have the next ski lift bombing mission?
That's a week from Thursday. All right, Python. Take care.
Venerable D. Okay, Adios. Okay. There's a good call.
We got an interesting problem in town tonight, by the way.
I wasn't aware that the heat were playing because I don't pay any attention to seven-foot-sfo ball on my end of that.
But we got not only one, we got two, we got three, three sporting events on the same evening in this town.
That's going to be the real contest. I have a feeling I could be wrong.
But because it's the Bruins, even though the Panthers are all but mathematically eliminated, playoffs are a distance of faith in, they're gone.
But you got your Marlins in the Metz. Any interest at all in the Marlins in the Metz after the 12-3 shellacking that Leavon and the Marlins took last night as the real Marlin team stood up?
No. No. You got the heat. I have no idea who the heat's playing. Who they playing, George?
The heater playing some bunch of seven-foot-sparches. I don't know who they're playing.
And you got the Panthers in the Bruins tonight. Another are some Bruins fans around.
Unlike when we played a cab the other night and they had like four people there with the old worn out uniforms, the guys that don't even play there anymore.
Like Dale Hunter. But there will be some Bruins people there tonight.
Oh and by the way, not only were there only 18,000 people last night but from the accounts that I'm reading and hearing.
As some of our people predicted yesterday, the Metz people did outnumber the Marlin fans.
At least in terms of noise. Let's go Metz and oh, it makes me sick to hear that.
But that's where they were shouting. Let's go Metz. Let's go Metz and the other people were pissed off and fired up.
But they better not make a peep, you know. And that's the way it was. That's the way it was.
So who's going to be going weird tonight? That's our poll question in addition to the first one which I forget already because that was 10 minutes ago.
56670560, Pont 560 on a mobile one line. Look at the dental ambassador that Eddie had a collar in his.
Oh yeah, they got talent. We don't care if they're blanksters. We don't care if they're criminals. We don't care what they were accused of.
They got talent. They can run fast and jump high just ask through rows in the twice.
What up? Dan, I'm serious. They should be sending him to Guantanamo. Not those poor Yugoslavians. They should send dental ambassadors down there.
And just let all those horny soldiers down there and have their way with them for a couple of weeks.
And this sure is that he is crap on two legs, Dan LaBaster. This is the guy that was screwing around with our phone lines in there one day a couple weeks ago.
Wasn't it? Wasn't that the guy? Dan LaBaster? You bastard. Talk about truth and packaging.
A lady is sick and he talked badly.
There was a no farmer who lived on a rock.
Oh!
He said in the middle just saying he's pissed at some boys who were down by the frick.
There be in the waters there is on their marbles and play things and at that fast war.
There came a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white fluffy dunks.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend.
A lot of boys in the barnyard were shoveling, raps you send there from yesterday but another girl in the middle was rubbing her.
I let the fellow down by the dot. He looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he had her phone lightly she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to bits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small dinner and with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy so tasty made up on her sky.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty you can go and fuck yourself.
Alright. 132 at 550 WQM so we have one person that saw the program for opening day at the Marlins that saw this ad, saw the spelling mistakes, saw that I was in there or anything else about that.
Who are those people? You know what it's like? It's like the sawdress. It's the same thing.
Who are those people? Who are the people who are in attendance there? Where do they come from? What planet did they?
When did this space your plant? Who are they? They're not our crowd. That's for God damn sure.
So talk about also really putting your advertising in the place where it's going to have a serious impact.
Let's promote that neo-rodgers at the Marlin games. They're into it.
So where are you going to be going tonight? There must be other people out there that have free tickets to at least two maybe all three of the above.
The Marlins, the Heat and the Panthers all of whom are playing in a great piece of scheduling by the way.
Home games on the same night. On the same night. Too night.
What a tough choice man. The Marlins, Marlins and the Metz, Panthers and the Bruins a meaningless game.
And the Heat and the Mavericks. I had to look it up myself because nobody in this audience who pays that much attention.
That's what inquiring minds want to know. Which choice will you be making? Those of you who have multiple orgasms and multiple tickets out there.
Okay. Very important question. 5667 0560, 0560 on a mobile one line. So, Dan LaBasterd says Martin and Collins worth the risk.
And he goes down about Tony Martin who shopping is there whereas elsewhere now by the way. They all look good for Tony coming to the dolphins. He's busy.
And deep and then societal deep threat Tony Martin and societal threat Cecil Collins. Oh, that's beautiful. I love the way he puts that.
Well Cecil has had a little bit of a problem. He's been arrested twice for allegedly breaking into women's apartments and making sexual advances.
He was kicked off the LSU football team before last season for smoking marijuana and then spent a month in jail for violating his probation by smoking some more.
One of Collins former coaches was recently quoted as saying Collins has the mind of a 15 year old and another said anything that draft someone had to assign psychiatrist and counselors to help keep him out of trouble.
Oh, Dan LaBasterd says, oh yeah, there were the risk and Tony Martin of course was facing those charges all those things here in Miami.
And in the same newspaper on the same day it says X dolphins running back facing charges drug charges in two states.
Oh, Irving Spice remember Irving Spice meeting up his wife and all those things which he pleaded no contest to by the way.
Is that why well the once promising football player the former dog Dauphin is now waiting trial on federal drug drug charges in two states Mississippi and Florida not just one but two.
Oh, the price of one spike 28 already in jail and Gulf Port Mississippi was in that last week in Fort Lauderdale.
I'm charges of conspiracy to possess cocaine with the tent to distribute and possession with intent to distribute Spice who was covered the dolphins last year after four seasons was indicted late March in Mississippi for allegedly selling cocaine to Derek joiner.
Who met the agents call a major golf coast drug dealer and participating in a shootout outside joiners, Biloxia apartment.
In that case, Spice allegedly recruited another man to rob joiner police said Spice all joiner two kilograms about four point four pounds of cocaine as well as two kilograms of fake cocaine when he tried to persuade joiner that he had that some wrapped sheet rock.
Wrapped sheet rock was a kilo of cocaine late March Spice partner John Samuel Morgan Jr. pulled a gun on June full 17 grand.
Spice was denied bail in the Mississippi case Morgan was released on $50,000 in bail and it goes on and on and on and on and other incidents and conspiracy charges and the one who were in Florida.
In the Mississippi outright yet at Lawrence Phillips, the allowed worked out real good and Bobby Humphrey and how's Mark Dupor doing like anybody seen him lately.
No. And Sammy Smith and on and on it goes and Dan LaBass, he needs to be deported to meeting with not soon. I'm serious.
This man's an asshole. He's an idiot.
The fact that a so called major market newspaper has got this man writing a column. He's just in coherent writing lunacy.
It wasn't bad enough. We heard that the Marlins didn't win the world series two years ago. It was the Cubans that wanted it was leave on and the Cuban won the world who's I'm Cuban. I'm Cuban.
Yeah, great. We'll give you a guy the $50 bill and put you on a boat.
Go back where you came from, Dan. You asshole. You bastard. You what a what a simpleton.
Wouldn't it be something to live in a place with a real newspaper? I know I keep saying I keep having these hallucinations and forgetting momentarily where I am with real columnists who really have something rational and sensible and gutsy to say instead of this crap.
I mean on the heels of a spice getting busted again for the second time and all these other things that we've been in Lawrence Phillips that great experiment.
Oh, yeah, it's worth the risk. Okay, we don't care how crazy they are. If they can run fast and jump on and shoot straight.
So we care about nice going then you jackass. I'm going to start a petition driving him deported.
We're going to take away his visa, master card and a passaporto. Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Neil God. Now I just wanted to tell you because in 1996 I had the unfortunate pleasure of being in Macedonia for six months with the UN peacekeeping mission over there.
Yes, sir. And our job was to go to little towns and you know like it was called community patrols. We go like to Albanian towns, ethically Macedonian or Serbian towns.
And no problems in the Albanians. You know, there were nice the kids would run up to us but in the Serbian towns they wouldn't even look at us. You know, they'd like threatening.
We always felt hostile. But not as much as when we used to go out. You know, like you could give us like a little like four hour passries to go into town and eat real food.
And then the Serbians would come up to us, oh, you're Americans. You know, because we dress totally different from them and they show up those weird cigarettes over there.
Yeah, but you see, no, it's the filters. You know, they're all hard out. You know, weird. No, but it always be like, oh, you're Americans. And they'd be like, you know, if you fight a war here in Macedonia with a Serb, you will never win. And we're like, excuse me. I mean, we're here eating. Hello. You know, they didn't volunteer like their national.
It's real friendly. It makes it feel like you're back in Miami again. I'll be right. But you know, I just I don't think we should be bombing them. I think we should be using nuclear weapons on Serbia. Right. Not just kidding. Not that far. But I think about what do you know?
How about neutron bombs? I think that's fine. I don't want to mess up some of those old buildings or anything. You know, it's just that I just hope. So I don't I can't even look at the thing.
It's so insistent that we're never going to beat them. How come the low switches on his hands and ease? He's already joined with waving a white fat flag. And they have never seen a military like ours. Yeah.
They don't know. They do not know the damage that an Apache can inflict on a on a on their. And we think what you're required going to do them to in the Mika Suquis.
I love you. Yeah. I love you. Okay. He loves me. He loves me. He loves me. Not 5 6 7 0 5 60. Bombs into the stone ages. What I say. Okay. And then his Ellie. We sell. Oh man. Some of these Jews give me so crazy. Right.
I think it's an article with it in the news week. I think. Oh, it's not genocide. You know, it's always this comparative misery again. We can't compare this to the Holocaust. I don't care what you compare it to.
There's slaughtering people that drive in a million people out of their homes. There are all these poor lepers over there. I mean, it's not like it's pathetic. What's going on? Pathetic. They should strap a little.
They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to
get the money. They should be able to get the money. They should be able to get the money.
I just Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers and now the League of retarded citizens will approve their rendition of green onions
Don't make fun. They were very hard for this
Oh
Okay, thank you 1045 I wonder if Mr. Chesswick was in that group you think so and dating to Vito. He was in there
Here's the facts from somebody on the inside over a queer channel to Brooke Daniels it says
1.9 question mark a 1.9 and dropping like a rock from the top of the World Trade Center
I added the World Trade Center part. What did you just do to my overhead god damn it? I bumped it on the stake
You know Joe did a great job. You're stating the phones were full yesterday
I mean in the beginning was a little slow and as soon as I made some comment about what a wise ass you are
Because he's going on well, you know what George was on Friday
They were full even during the commercial race. They held on the whole four hours. Every line was lit and I said so
He was insulting Jews. What do you expect?
So anyway, it says your numbers are falling like a rocket. It's a good pleasure watching a talentless see you
I can't read the word but see you next time like you crash and burn. How do you like that a talentless see you next time?
Who do you think you're fooling it says you're a third-rate Randy Rhodes and Randy is just a tenth rate Neil Rogers
Start packing those moving boxes you bitch. You're a joke and this is from the inside a queer channel under facemachine
I don't want you to get neurotic like Greg and your Budell and start calling up people you really hate me
I'm so crushed. They can't stand you brook. You were talentless to see you next time
Boy, but you know something isn't it sweet to watch what's the unfolding of all of that because ladies you know Rick and suds
They bailed themselves out and brought a little you know god damn it
And they're doing good. They're coming along. They're not going to do spectacular than the morning like I said
But just to watch the way there are numbers in the afternoon in just a two months have dropped in half
With that talentless bitch on the earth just beautiful as people are once again
I'm telling you this guy could screw up a wet dream. He really could
Here's a mobile in western hello
Yeah, sir. I just got the tail end of like a say. Yeah, yeah, exactly about the program in the ass
Yeah, so much the ad in the morning program right okay opening down leaving even the game
I'm driving up the turn flight reading my program
Driving yeah, exactly of course. Why not right?
Yeah, what's time and I got to the QA and that and I looked at him and we got are you want him we got him
Yeah, that's the part that you were talking about exactly right and I'm thinking to myself wait
Here's a picture of Neil shouldn't that be him you want him we got him
I think I could call Neil right now
And pop up pop it of course you were off here at that point and then I looked at the add a little closer
And I thought you know what they didn't screw us
This is correct because if you look at the right side of the ad they got to dolphins over the my ones
He said oh crap he missed that part
I'm not talking about grammar. I mean expect these people here to get the grammar right some illiterate slob like Sam to get grammar right
No, of course now. He just came off of an anabolic. Where is he from by the way? What origin is he of?
key
Dominican that's my guess. Oh
Are you serious? Love Republican to me. Can I
That answers a lot of questions
He's going to Columbia with the banjo on his name good in fact he made it up with any things always from Venezuela
Did I tell you how much I hated Caracas even worse than Yugoslavia and I've even been in Yugoslavia. Thank God
Caracas what a that isn't the third world country that's a 50th world country
rampant poverty and ignorance. I mean the Pope has really left his mark on that place as an a
wow
tragedy
All those little TV antennas on the tin roof cuts up there in a mountain in Los Montaños all those dangerous people waiting with their little
B.D. Eyes to you know
Come into the city as soon as the size your son goes down
So Sam is from is it Venezuela? Oh
That answers lots of questions like I said
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Because the mobile and coral springs hello
Yeah, I was calling in regard to what you said about that column in the herald about the Irving spikes. Yes
What do Irving spikes?
Ryan blades. Yes, and Mark do per haven common. I'm listening
They're all represented by Miami's own true Rosenhouse. Oh, yeah, that's the beat. Hey, the hero
I have a pair of have for all this crime stuff. They got a run high in the jump fast and jump high and run fast and whatever
Yes, this guy gives a new meaning to the word dirt bag
He's an asshole. Oh, absolutely. In fact, that's gonna be our that's gonna be our poll question
Who's the bigger exploiter the bigger scumbag Joe Kubas or or him?
Well every time this guy so much is belches its front page news in the herald right and I don't know what he's
Making pictures of somebody at the herald. I don't know what he's paying those guys to show form
But it must be an awful lot to get the publicity that they're gonna make it picture that Tony Ritter with a sheep
Yeah, that could be what it is. Okay. Take care, Neil God bless you sir
So we decided that there's another scumbag through Rosennows. We already knew that he's a real piece of crap
And Joe Kubas at least Joe Kubas is you know, he's honest about it. He's just an explorer
He just happened to find them drifting around out there in the rubber ramp
He didn't have no cell phone or anything like that. He's honest about it. Isn't he? No well partially
Kind of like our management partially honest like about once a year
5 6 7 0 for come on. Let's hear where you're going tonight
I wouldn't be surprised if nobody shows up at any of these sporting events. This is the sports station
I'm trying to like you know, co-mingle
With this other crap we got on here especially in the morning like I said, well, I look at those numbers
I just shaking my head and you know our program. I push the glory there our PG
He shakes and said, man, we don't seem to be going anywhere anymore. We don't seem to be going anywhere. We're like flat
We've tapped it out. They've squeezed as much juice as they can out of it. That's about it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Maybe we don't have anybody else in this audience. I mean, you know, I get the tickets for free
So I don't want to play big shot, you know
Those Marlon tickets sitting at home. I could be giving them away right now. Am I going to do it? No damn right
I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to kill another show with stupid ticket giveaways plus nobody wants them anyway
I had a hell of a time to give me give it away just opening day tickets for Monday
You know the souvenir tickets, which are actually worth something someday maybe and the special parking pass all
I we had what we did a drawing way like four names in the ad pod
Nobody cares
But there must be other people out there
Marlon's heat pant overs. They're of the pant overs right
There's got to be some crossovers for the pant overs
It's a tough decision. I don't want to want to go to the macaroon and look at around and see an empty joint
There's nothing worse than smoking an empty joint. Yeah, man, right that paper will kill you
Not what's inside the paper. It's the burning paper that kills you just keep that in mind, okay
Unlike those faggots that you people are smoking out of the storm out there when it comes to the wicked weed
It's not the wicked weed that'll kill you. It's the paper that you're burning it in
So don't go buy those cheap papers there in the 7-11 where do you get the good papers? You got to go to Amsterdam. They got the good stuff
Or just go over to Jamaica or just come down here little Jamaica. They roll it up in the herald and smoke it
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great
Second time callers long time listeners. All right
Neil listen to you for a while. I know you you won't several corvettes over the years
What you're opinion on the new one the new 99 best corvette ever made you're the best automobile ever made go out and buy two or three right now
That's why I got rid of that 98 now got me that beautiful navy a metallic navy blue 99. Oh, man. That is that's a car
That is a car anybody that drives a corvette now. That's a real real man somebody drives a corvette
5670 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line
We should everybody line on a board. Let up here just on that one question about the goddamn games tonight
This is a tough choice for you to make Miami. They're sitting there thinking about it. They're doing a Gregory
They're scratching their balls, but they're scratching it in their head too
Trying to figure out where they're gonna go who they're gonna give the uh and don't just leave us in alerts there tonight
Now I'm expecting of course the Bruins will be ahead six nothing by about midway through the first period so we can leave early again
Go over to public
That's what I'm expecting and wouldn't you know?
I mean buyer buyer a buyer in the foes only got two shutouts in a row and our team
You know couldn't stick the fucking elatic ocean anyway from six inches away
Plus half a mr out into your anyway, which is another good excuse
I'm expecting 15 to nothing by like three minutes left in the first period
I'm expecting Pat Burns to be taking cat naps during the game and he looks like he could use him too by the way
I'll tell you they all of a sudden got hot again the damn Bruins didn't they any interest in them? No no
Any interest in that crown McLaren maybe we can bring some zit cream to the seems like several of the Bruins by the way
Got a real complexion problem
Maybe bring some zit cream for the abruins tonight
Here's Virginia key hello, no yes sir. Yeah, you know that the region in in Kosovo. Yes, and in in Serbia and Albania
Yes, sir lots of nagos. Yes such a backwards
Placid machidonia. Yeah
If you know the whole things about religion, then of course we know that why I've never heard anybody mention that
We've talked about that on the show at least two or three seconds. Thank God somebody thinking yeah
And yeah, I'm talking another example. This is what it's all about just keep in mind the Nazis were the cross on your belt buckles
Okay, and the Nazis all did all the you know
It's the same old craft and a concordant with the Pope the great Christians
It was a Christian thing with the Nazis don't that people understand this craft. It's all sick religious garbage
Did you know the I'm in the religion now? Did you know the Nazis had a church? It was called the right Christian church
Yeah, yeah, I mean it was that once again
That was funded on religion and and wiping out the Jews and it wasn't just this Jews it was also the Muslims
Except in that region where Hitler used some of the Muslims on his side to battle the Russians
I mean it's that region is so backwards and and they've been so brainwashed that the Catholic Church moved in there in the
14th century. Yeah, that was that was the beginning of the end
Now to be any of the end then go anywhere that the Catholic Church dominates you'll find low
Intelligence anywhere they dominate in Italy. They do a little bit better because they basically gave the Bafangola the Pope
They should get out of our business. Yeah, but but most Italians aren't Catholic about Catholic anyway
They're Catholic, but they're not they know. I let me say it again 97% of the people in Italy don't go to church
97% of the people in Italy don't go to church, which is why I love Italy right? You're the one that I've heard that for a while
Right, absolutely correct
Correct
In that region you've got five orthodox churches. Yes, yeah, they call them the Eastern orthodoxy
With the Montenegro has their own orthodox Montenegro Montenegro
Serbia has their own orthodox. I mean, I know there was any Negroes over there. Yeah
They just made crap up as they go along. Yeah, right. Just like me. Okay, hey, pal get out of here. Kill him
Oh
It's not genocide. It's some other word. Well, I don't care what word you use. It's slaughter. It's barbarianism
It's the worst kind of direct and I'd be embarrassed to be involved with libertarian party in fact to me this will
irresponsible attack on you with slavya
You know something you guys are much of pussy's you want to become program directors at radio stations all around America pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy
Okay, that's what you guys are just like our pussy galore used to be PD and they're the PG
Pussies
Taking just a matter of a few days. They've already bombed the midst of mission and there's molose of it on his hands
And he's well, I will wave it a little uh, schmato over here. Okay. What do you think we got your three Americans here? You want them back? No problem
Go over there and take him apart piece by piece him and had god M sawed him is what they ought to do all look at that
And those must be hockey tickets. I thought you were gonna bring me those crappy Marlin tickets nobody wants those
By the way, you know some any spots on those Marlin games. I'm sorry Greg
So anyway, we got some uh, you're what he said no
He said we can't give those spots away
My only four-letter. Well, I hit the wrong thing because he's gonna rock him in China. Wait a minute. Do it the right way. Will you please?
Don't play men that feel okay wasn't this fault
Your fault left you and tell Sam about it when he's up
Reason you gonna go
You
You better
I said now, I said now, we thought you'd ever obey the laws of the battle that were written by them who never wore pants.
Please have a seat, so don't be leaving the waiting room of lips.
Oh! Oh, magazine, the pack of CDs. That's what you get in the lip-roast.
Lips, oh! Oh! The waiting room of lips, oh!
You're gonna go, you're gonna go, you're gonna go, you're gonna go, you're gonna go, you're gonna go.
Alright, it's 11.03 at 5.60 WQM, where's that schedule?
Well, I've said it that Pussy Galore, we got in the other room, RPG. He works hard on these schedules, man.
He works feverously on these. Anything else he does? No! He works hard on these.
We got Hanke Chulas today, two to six. We got the pocket baseball, adjacent and Josh from 6' to 6' 30.
Yeah, we have to have two guys under, do half our show, but they both work cheap, thank God.
Good guys, but, and then 6' 30, we got the Metsu and the Amarlet on.
Now, you're following this on QAM, we got the Mett Marlin game, but the Panther game at 7 o'clock, the pregame, the game at 7' 30.
That's on Waxi 790, because the Panthers take high in the seat, rhymes with teeth, is what they take.
There's four, what are they? Six, six games left for the Panthers, only one of them will be broadcast on QAM, the other's all on Waxi 790.
And let me say it again, I predict there will be more people at the Panther game tonight than there will be at the Marlins game.
I could be wrong, but that's my prediction, okay, and I'm willing to bet a lot of somebody else's money on it.
Speaking of somebody else's something here, Greg Reed comes in here, just can't, you know, we used to see him so rarely down there on the second floor, you know.
We loved it down there. And here, like, here are a couple of minutes, he's popping that head in the door with that bad haircut, and his disease that he's spreading around.
He brought us some great tickets, so for tonight's Panther Bruins game, I'll give him a way to somebody who can identify him.
What I'll do is I'll just pick numbers out of the year. Yeah, I'll pick a number out of the year from a certain team, and if you can tell me to play that word that uniform number, I'll give you the tickets. How's that?
What, what, what, what do you laugh at about? Great idea. I'll just, I don't have any book here or anything, I'll do it out of the top of my own head. And of course, if I tell you the number, you can bet your life that it's right, okay, I don't screw around, I know my numbers.
I know a good number when I see one.
These are section 133, row one seats nine and ten for tonight's Panther Bruins game. Row one right up there against the glass. You can be just like this, Petunia Pig, jox numbers. You know, the ones that come up before the game and stick their big Petunia Pig noses up against the, against the glass, and they're snorting and puffing and huffing to get a whiff.
Like when Ray Whitney comes out there with his jox strap on, you know, and nothing else.
Row one, you won't see the game course in row one, but you'll feel very important code in plus the yellow club parking pads, which will help get you in and out of there in no time.
The yellow parking pass, that's the good one for the club parking right there in front right by the old escalator.
Anybody want these tickets? No.
Come on, I want to hear from some people that are choosing between all these important sports events. This is a, I don't know if this has ever happened before in the history of this town.
We got the Marlins, the Panthers, and the Heat all on the same night, a trifecta.
People are out there right now just, they don't know which hand to wipe with. They're so confused about it.
What a tough choice on how to kill for your four hours in this God for second place.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hi God. Yes, sir.
One of them baseball games over in Serbia, and over one of the Canadian teams.
That's the next week.
Let's discover it, Karaz.
I'll take them to get in. I'd like to hear.
Okay, here's Pinecrest. Hello.
Pinecrest, yes, sir.
I knew how you doing.
Okay.
You caught me off guard.
That's good.
First of all, Melissa, Melissa Vitch.
That's him.
Melissa Vitch, yeah.
Yeah.
I hope Clinton then pulled a bush and lead him in like...
He pulled a busher to in his time.
Yeah. Like he left a, some who's saying it.
Yeah.
I'll give you rid of that bass.
Now we're going to get rid of this son of a bitch.
We're going to hang him by his nuts or something else.
And the pants are tonight.
I'll be there only because I spent $120 and I couldn't give rid of my tickets.
All right. We'll see you there.
Thanks for the voter confidence.
Yeah. Let's start selling some tickets.
Anybody got some tickets to sell out there?
Yeah.
And we'll just take the money and leave town.
Oh, I got to get that story by.
I got all kinds of good stuff here like Rick Riley always says.
He Rick Riley says it but he never comes up with a good stuff.
You know, you're a good guy.
Rick and your own bizarre peculiar George is not shaking and saying no to another.
Well, whatever you are.
It's just a joke.
You know, like Rick Riley, you never did.
We ended on a high note.
We had our ups and downs.
We ended up.
That isn't responsive to what I just said and you know it, okay?
I know Rick is listening because he always said, I love this show.
Right.
But for you, you're usually like fairly forthcoming.
Although sometimes you're full of crap and this is one case.
Just because you know that they're both listening right now.
You like sudd.
I like sudd a lot.
I like sudd a lot.
Rick and I mend it our fences.
But you don't like me and it on a positive.
You don't like it, no.
There are things I don't like about them.
What are you like about?
Besides the arrogance and that we talking personally or both.
The show I don't like the stock market or stock car.
Oh, for your value is minus.
Yeah.
And personally, I think he could use a parenting lesson or two.
Just because he's trying to kill his kids.
Or not.
He's a lot cheaper that way.
A lot cheaper that way.
Yeah, well then you don't get blamed for it.
If they kill themselves.
You're just relentless.
You really are.
Rick is a good guy.
He just misunderstood.
Now of course, I never liked him that much.
He's all right.
Well, he's not serious.
He's like an enigma.
If you look up the word enigma in the dictionary,
you'll see the picture of Rick Riley.
He's difficult to figure out.
You know?
Well, you see his picture there or Greg Reed.
No, Greg is not enigma.
We got him figured out a long time ago.
Did the letters BS come to mind?
Now I'm going to talk to you about the pill peddling lady there.
The pill pusher.
Since we've been talking about doctors and all this stuff that goes on
with these medications, all these pill pusher is out there.
Look at this.
I'm giving away tickets in the front row at the Panther game that I
think the Panther's number is in the front row.
I still got an open line on there.
Oh, God.
These numbers keep coming out.
The numbers keep getting bigger and bigger and bigger.
We got ratings that haven't been invented yet.
And we can't get the response we're looking for because our
audience doesn't give a flying crap about these things,
which is why I keep bringing them up.
Just to piss them off.
Look at that.
In fact, just as I said that, somebody else dropped off.
How about if we put a thousand dollar bill attached to each
ticket and a million dollars in cash small bills attached to the parking
pass?
Would that do it for you?
No.
Ignorant.
Slip.
We've rarely stole my briefcase.
Yeah.
I like the fart in his face.
That's Barbie Jake.
What gives him the right?
Oh, I think his wife want to fight it off tonight.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
What this race to the human race?
Oh, Rick, you're a smuck.
Ignorant, Rick sucks.
That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's butt.
Oh, Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
I like the fart in his face.
No.
Rick Riley, you're an asshole.
1150 and we like Rick.
He's all right.
It's 1150 and it's 560 WQM.
So anyway, we're screwing up the show.
And if that's another reason, I guarantee we did a lot better downstairs on the second floor
than we'll eventually do up here because Greg Reed can't stop sticking his nose in here.
I know he thinks he's trying to do a nice thing for us, given away these tickets right there in the front row.
But every time we start doing giveaways, we were doing fine.
We were doing great.
We had some real good pseudo-inletual conversations on there about the slimy, everslavian stuff like that.
About let's send Dan LaBanana to a Guantanamo and have our way with him.
You first.
Can you feel that?
Not hear it.
Can you feel it?
This show is not going to continue as long as that goes on.
I'm telling you that right now.
They're mixing again at power 96.
So loud that the walls may crumble down in this place.
Like the walls of Jericho came tumbling down.
The walls of QAM may come tumbling down any moment now.
That was quick response.
That was quick action.
He sports the words that work over in the other studio, which is at least thank God farther down the hall in the other direction.
Just kissed the ground that you're over there and not over here.
Because evidently somewhere along the line where although they're not even like next door to us when I was banging on a wall at day and had no impact because they're way to held on the hall to my left.
Way down there.
So maybe it's coming to the vents.
I don't know where it's coming from.
Maybe it's coming from there.
Correct.
I don't know what it is.
But pipe it down.
Okay.
We know you're big shots with your Julio music down there at power 96 with your Huchi Kuchi crap.
But all those 10-year-old kids that you program to our school right now.
So we're all unimpressed.
Okay.
Well, that's right and they'd do that.
Oh, that's what it is.
The kids are out and they'd this week.
That's why they're cranking it up in music too.
Anyway, here's some more giveaways.
Okay, because we know it gets people pissed off.
Well, since the promoter buddy, Joey, I never knew anybody called him Joey.
Huh?
Well, Chris, the nephew calls him Joey.
You know, they're pretty tight.
Come meet the host of the new Motorsport Saturday show.
Our own buddy, Joey Costello.
From noon to one today at the show station, US 1 in Southwest 27th Avenue in the Grove.
We haven't had any have some listeners down there.
So that's why the nephew keeps going back there because that's the only place he knows how to find.
And score a pair of tickets to the opening weekend of the American Racing League Auto races at the Homestead Motorsports Complex.
Our own George Corso, by the way, who should be spending a lot more time engineering and a lot less time driving race cars.
But he'll be racing his bright yellow number to BMW this so we can't.
Gates opened at 8 a.m. Saturday and Sunday.
We also have two pair tickets to the heat Dallas Mavers game at the arena tonight and a pair tickets to the Panthers Bruins game at the rectal center tonight.
So they'll be there noon to one just in about 40 minutes or thereabouts.
You can say hi to the nephew, say, God, you're boring.
And how did Joe Costello and say, don't call me Joey. He hates that by the way.
What? Joey? Joey?
Well, and I know you look at him. He don't look like a Joey to me. He's just playing Joe.
Like Joe Mama.
So meet Joe and the Chris. Okay. Call him whatever you want.
So give me the freebies assholes. That'll be okay.
No one to one of the shell states in US one in Southwest 27th Avenue in the Grove.
We're just giving all kinds of stuff the way.
They're still like that festive holiday mood in the air.
You know what?
Where's it just because everybody's bailed out of town.
Now that the holidays are over.
It's pace off over yet by the light. I don't think so. It's eight days.
Started what last night. Well, I think we got like in the last day or two here, right?
Three, four, five, huh?
Tomorrow.
Enough of the pace off already enough of the still months of her Christach's and stop.
Stop with the Jewish beanie babies at those hockey games.
Man, I just I burst into tears every time I see another one of those kids with a beanie on his head.
I say, you goddamn parents you.
What is wrong with you doing that to your kids?
Just like your account. Do you have kids?
One boy very young boy.
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
Talk about tourists. Can you imagine what kind of upbringing that kid's going to have?
He's going to make he's going to make the nanny look pale into insignificant.
He's going to have the kid tied up in straps and ropes and dovetting back and forth with a little miniature
a bush good thing on there.
Here's Pemberpine. Hello.
Hey, Nea, how's it going?
Great. You have any mom tickets?
No.
No. How do you want the pants to take it now?
How do you win them?
Yeah.
You sound like a Bruins fan.
Me?
Where are you from?
Nothing to York.
Oh, you're from New York. You are? Same difference.
How do you win them?
Yeah.
I ask you who's number five on Montreal Canadians.
Number five?
Yeah.
Okay.
Night night.
I see they look that up. So I'll keep changing it.
You know, it's just somebody different, different number.
I mean, you're just picking these out of my head.
Anybody who's a real hockey fan should know these things?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I mean, that's an easy way.
I mean, if you're a real fan, you know the numbers of most of the players in league.
I'm not going to ask you anybody like New and Bizarre that anybody never heard of before,
that you can't pronounce.
Or that's got only 87 syllables.
Here's the North Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good y'all to.
And back to you.
Anyway, I was watching NBC.
Oh, I was watching MSNBC.
MSNBC?
They should rename it the Warren Destruction Channel.
Anyway, that little news for that guy, you know, that served over there.
The Germans during the Glitzkrieg took Yugoslavia with 20 divisions.
250,000 men, three weeks.
They spent the next three years fighting Gorillaz and the Hills and lost over 100,000 men.
I remember that movie Gorillaz and Hills wasn't more Griffin in that.
So you do the numbers.
If they call me up, I'm going to be like a gay rostopharian.
Okay.
That's my deal.
Yeah, mom.
Yes, sir.
I'm driving around with my girlfriend's kid listening to you.
And now she's doing the walk around going, ooh.
Okay.
God bless you, sir.
Have a good one.
Okay.
Hold up a banana and see if that works.
Okay, she's obviously very impressionable.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the, maybe a cucumber on the AT&T wireless line.
Or maybe one of those baby carrots in some of our cases.
They're never going to win these tickets if I do it this way, you know.
Isn't this a great revelation to the entire audience?
Yes.
I'm picking, I'm going to pay, I'll pick numbers that are starting to get a little bit more
so obvious and they still don't know who they are.
Which really just breaks my heart.
That we're in such a, such a bastion of, of ignorance, of lack of knowledge.
I mean, you pick, you pick the subject.
They don't know.
George was telling me just a few minutes ago.
He said, if we got all these lines lit up, he said, the dumbest people in the world are right here now in this town.
And they're all on hold.
And I said, here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Great.
Thank you for taking my call.
Thank you for making your call.
First of all, I want to say, I know you're a great, great hockey fan.
Yes, sir.
I'm a huge hockey fan.
I'm a hockey maven, sir.
Last night I watched Carolina with a very mediocre gang to beat New Jersey.
And I watched Buffalo and Islanders.
I'm a kid here at the car, I'm a kid.
I'm just learning about hockey all the time.
I really enjoyed much better than baseball.
baseball is so boring, man.
It is so boring.
I've been to maybe one morning.
I got that big package on a small dish and we were flipping it around like this.
Last night, and even Justin Thompson was pitching for the Tigers and never didn't score any runs for him again.
And even watched, I didn't even that I couldn't stand.
I mean, so long.
Throw the ball already.
Make a pitch.
Do something.
When is something going to happen here already, okay?
It's really, really boring.
Parable baseball.
Terminal.
Basketball is really, I went to my first game a long time ago.
I mean, I want to leave like after like, first.
That's a schfarza sport.
That's a freak sport.
That's not for like real people.
hockey is really entertaining.
Boxes is really, not just for white people, right?
Even a lot of people that do go there just going to be seen and who's there and who's not there.
You know, I admit it sometimes when I go, you know, I want to know who's there and who's not there.
See if these people would go out and buy the damn small dish and get the hockey package and start watching other games.
And if the writers in this tower write about the whole league instead of just like there's only one team in the world,
which by the way, it's a pretty marginal team anyway, then these people might learn something.
These writers are pathetic.
Instead of having the Denise Pothan on this station once we talk in crap, which is what he talks.
Back to the back.
This is Denise Pothan.
I'm going to tell you, here's a guy where I forget, I think it was the game in Washington last week.
I'm sure it was.
We're down four to three.
Okay, there's two minutes to go.
The capital's going to stupid penalty.
Okay, so now we pull the goalie.
We put an extra attack around there to try to tie the game.
And Denise Pothan says, oh, Terry Murray isn't, he's really going a hard ball on this game.
He's not going to play for a tie.
He's pulling the goalie out now with this much time off.
He wants to win and remember, says to him, yeah, Dennis, but you got to tie it first.
You gasp all you frog, you idiot.
And then we put this Denise Pothan on here on this station pretending you know something about the game.
It's just because he played it.
God is he dumb.
But anyway, go ahead.
But hey, Joey.
Anyway, I would like to win.
I'm going to throw it in your mouth.
That's a big job.
Go ahead.
What is it?
I would like to answer your question here.
I'm not taking anything about hockey.
How are you going to know the answer?
No, but you know, I'll try it.
All right, number 27 on the Buffalo Sabers.
Number 27.
Cool.
Okay, we have an open line.
You know something we could do this from now until seven years from next
Sookers.
And I still I could say like number 44 on the Panthers.
I could say that and they still wouldn't know.
They'd say.
Oh, I'm so embarrassed.
I'm so humiliated.
Now, what was the what was the pot fan saying?
I'll hang show the other day, which I thought was even more embarrassing.
A lot of foot in your dirty.
Yeah.
You're an idiot, Denny.
You're a moron.
You're a bozo.
Yeah, he's really tried.
He's not going to settle for a tie.
How do you settle for a tie when you're behind four to three with two minutes left in the game
and you pull the goalie so you have a six on four to try to tie the game up?
How do you settle for a tie?
You idiot.
Never have dumber words kind of come out of a human mouth and Denise pot fan.
Man, bozo.
Bozo.
If a bozo is embarrassed, he's, I didn't take that back.
I apologize to Bozo.
Because he was a hell of a lot smarter than that Denise pot fan.
A lot of foot in your dirty.
Yeah.
Now what are they used to sing that song in New York, okay?
I feel really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really.
Yeah.
By the way, you can make out what they're saying.
Hot fan sucks.
I'm going to put the power play good for the key of my brain.
Just keep it in the bottle and let me go.
Now, boss, the boss wants to bother with the moment I try to get out.
Oh, we did one.
My back is popping down.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's time for the other.
Yeah.
Auto, pasta, glass, cross.
Oh.
You roll a 30 1 and 5.
What can you say about the needs of my fan except damn Jack?
Yeah, that's all it needs to be said.
Judge refuses to set bail for a pill-melphosition.
This is one of the most disgusting stories.
And it's right online what I've been talking about the last few days, about doctors and pills
and killing people with prescription drugs.
I'll get to this in a little bit, okay?
After we are kill listening to these tickets, after we kill the show with the tickets.
Man, what a story.
This and how come this is like way down there in the local section in the Sunsend.
Let's start to be on the front page of the front section.
Unbelievable.
But anyway.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Going once.
Going twice.
It's the dreaded line for again.
That doesn't disconnect.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Last Friday I had the dubious experience of seeing the fighting Miami Madditors last
own game.
Yes.
Won't see you then no more.
It was pathetic.
It's terrible because these guys unlike the guys at the Macarena were hushing their
heart out.
You know what they're going to be.
That sounds great, but this is not a hockey town and I told them right off the bat.
I don't want nothing to do with it.
It's not going to fly here and forget it.
You're dreaming.
If they exaggerate, they had 300 people in attendance.
100 from Jacksonville.
Right.
I mean the Jacksonville people came down, you know, five hour trip.
Miami just doesn't fly.
They're not into it.
They're not interested.
They know nothing about it.
And the other thing is just a bizarre social phenomenon.
It's got nothing to do with hockey, nothing.
But me like you, I grew up in upstate New York.
Yeah.
Mostly Ranger coverage.
Right.
And I grew up a Ranger fan.
We didn't get a lot of the Canadian TV of up a low, but I went to school in Boston.
Then of course they made the Detroit with the Bruins.
Retail on Park and Joe's and news.
Now we don't want to go back to that, please.
Okay.
But I would just want to tell you I'm a Bruins fan.
Right.
I'll confess to it and I'd like to take it.
But what I will do is give me the tickets.
I'll give the information.
I will order a couple of the center one CDs.
I'll do it right now with my visa, master card.
Right.
So in other words, you're changing the rules here in midstream.
He's telling me how I'm going to give the tickets away.
Did I just make it very clear how I'm going to do it?
I don't want to hear about Brad Park and John Whittell and guys that played 30 years ago.
See, this is what goes on.
Every time you bring up sports in this time, you get these old parts.
They want to talk about Johnny Bauer and Frank Mahavallich and Davey Keon, which is all great.
That's another lifetime.
I'm talking about it now.
That was then.
This is now.
This is the way I'm doing it, sir.
We raised a lot of money for center one.
I love center one.
But don't try to change the rules in midstream.
Please, sir.
When you get your own show, then you figure out how to give your tickets away.
Man, you're right, George.
For once in his life, George was right.
God.
Damn.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I've been a big leaf fan for years.
And did you know that they have Joe Bowen and the leafs broadcasts on the internet?
Of course I do.
I listen to it all the time.
I always listen to that.
The game they play the game by.
The only problem is Joe Bowen is not most of the leafs broadcasts on the internet
because he do the games on TV.
Well, true.
Whoever does the games on radio for the leaf sucks this year.
I don't know who that is.
Yeah.
The only time he heard Joe Bowen on the internet is Saturday night.
Did you hear the call on their Q2 Boston test?
Did I hear what?
The call he had on the Q2 Boston test?
No.
It was so incredible.
One time he would be doing that game on radio because of Saturday night, right?
Well, whoever was doing that.
He would be doing it.
It was Saturday night.
He does the radio on Saturdays when the game is on CBC with Bob Kohl and Erie Neil.
And then during the week he's on TV, but he would be doing that game on radio.
Yes.
I'm agreeing with you, sir.
Yes, you're right.
But he had a great call on Joseph maybe, say, then they went back to score the goal.
Right.
Did they release it?
Aren't you going to play it for us?
I have it at home, but I have it.
Oh, jeez.
Well, I haven't recorded.
I've got to have it.
I'll get to you.
I love Joe Bowen.
I'll try to get it to you.
He's a god.
Is there any way I can get the tickets?
Number 18 on the leaf is...
Uh...
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
When he said he was a leaf fan, didn't he say that?
He just got through a tummy that he's a maple leaf fan.
He's supposed to know his hockey this guy.
Oh, god.
They'll take away his visa and his master card and his pay lower.
The passport too.
When he gets to the passport control up there next time, it's person.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 6 on the AT&T wireless line.
Boy.
Man.
I am so out of touch with what's going on in this town.
I can't be out on a different planet.
I'm glad this is happening.
Today it proves to me be on a shadow of a doubt that the things in life that
i have any interest in whatsoever the important things they don't know from
down here
all they know is guacamole and horse crap that's all you know down here and
uh... and horse meat
here's a man of the Venezuelan's he's horse meat that's what sam set
here's a mobile in Miami hello
any idea great
uh... i might qualify to have a pat burns in the bomber are
yeah that's good
yeah
uh... final industry could even a little bit of you want nothing game
okay number eighty one of the buffalo sabers is
uh...
uh...
uh...
well
i almost just wet my pants hold on sir
meris long shittain thirty-six goal of the season last night for the
sabers by the way hell of a player
we should only have a player like that on this team
there's the winner let's hear it boys and girls
party in my pants i'm serious almost dropped a load right when he said that
got
i am in a state of shock
you could knock me over the god damn lymphed with a noodle
that we have a guy in here that actually knows something about the greatest
sport in the world okay course it's satan i know the rea religious people
are gonna get upset it's satan okay
man that was just made me feel almost human again
thank god for you sir whoever you are
thank the lord for you
these other people are that got a city the least and i ask him number eighteen
alan mccolley for crying out loud you don't know that
throught with you sir
shame on you you better get your god damn program out you better get up
there to the air can't at the center right now and sit there and wait for
practice
because practice makes perfect we plan a lot of it that's right
home and home with auto that should be
bad
all right now let's get back to doing a radio she heard quick giving this
garbage where that was a good that was an excellent
exercise i enjoyed that though
by the way step on kintal is number five in a Montreal canadian's was the other
one i asked
remember the other number i asked something simple something easy
they still don't know it
another start with the music and on a hall by the way
i was told that rpd spoke to their pd who spoke to whatever punk it is mixin
today
and uh... we would have a problem with it well guess what we got a problem with it
again because he's mixing to god damn loud again down there at the end of the
hall
kid curry
and we don't care what great uh... cheeks uh... on a squeak and we don't care
what she had a big ass
the fact is that you're a punk down there are mixing to loud
man
remember mick uh... what's the name nick mixing used to be on wbbf and rachi
oh nixon
whatever was
we're working with crazy people appear on the third floor we are the only time
they were at the problem downstairs on the second floor and again it was a
part 96 problem was kid curry again plan that music to allow the office there
cranking it
he was cranking it and then we had uh...
uh... leo what was the name cutler down he was spanking the room next to
our they work cranking it and spanking it
loud
this is supposed to be a radio station no respect for the broadcast studios for
the people on the air we're not even talking about music that's on here this
guys uh... he just didn't have playing with himself in the annual cranking the
based on the hallway
not even on here on power
and if pussy galore over here would go down here really take care of this
business that is just sitting in the bottom of the hall you know that was
embarrassing
go down here and bitch about okay tell me try to do a high rated the radio show
here
and you're interfering with it down to god damn hallway
and Greg read walking around the idea after he saw that ad you hear what he said
yeah
yeah
after he saw that stupid ad me a marlin's opening day program he said
nice going nice reaction air Greg
one-fire and sam right away
uh...
like i told you or before sam could go in there and drop seventeen pounds of
steaming hot human excrement right on gregg's desk
and Greg would say how you doing sam
one moment please
see this happen yesterday when you'll get up to go out and take a leak
through the little break and i've got up and walked out and the other thing
just not to their
just not the audio hall
so don't worry about the right is that the last spot i hope of the break
with the last time i'll make it up next
what do you mean
will have a four minute uh... five in the break unless you want me to play it now
play no we don't want to five minute break play it now please
this is hang goldberg is honorary chairman i'm inviting you to join me and
some fellow celebrity support casters at the junior achievement celebrity
invitation of the afternoon taking place Thursday eight point eight a.m.
throughout the achievement helps our young people value education
understand business and economics and be work force ready you can help by
purchasing a corporate for some for twenty five hundred single entries are
also available either way i encourage you to come out and play on Thursday
eight point eight that's at the round of gold course call three oh five five three
four one three eight eight
give your way the day off and listen to the big dog b-bow and goldy
morning to six only on sports radio five six weeks
you are you're off tonight on modern warbles they were the pioneers of a
lifestyle that to this day is enjoyed in men's rooms everywhere i think it was
back in twenty two me and a boy's drill device tall in world world they were
hand drilled back then take a peek into the secret society of men who first
developed the glory hole to today's high-tech adventurer i'm told that now
they're using lasers for speed martyring marvels glory holes tonight on the
hysterical channel will be listening and watching and peeking it's eleven forty
five five sixty w k.w.a. we got the noise level down there to the other end of
the hall we got some of the previous in children see there's too many children
run around this place playing radio that's the problem in this whole building
because they work cheap and some of them are even getting paid hey i'm playing
radio like i want you down the morning show
it'll forget the joa castella when the the nephew were out there in the k.w.a.n. van
starting in just a few minutes from the one today at a whole bunch of craft
to give away the i'm not going to go through the whole thing again because
mandy joa the host of motorsports at it this is to try to pump up that show
anything we can do for our buddy a little joey well how is little joey by the
way i haven't heard from him in a dog's eight we don't hear from any of those
people anymore you notice that how they've all abandoned us since we moved up
in the world here on the third floor like the gephysines we're moving on up to a
place where the walls are crumbling down five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the eight t-line
here's the ral hello a meal yes sir hey good morning
wait a few i haven't talked to you for a while
god was the first time i'm going to tell you oh uh...
that a little hockey contest you did it was pretty good did you notice no
women called uh... trying for that we don't have any women call anyway we
haven't i knew it's almost new and we haven't had a woman call today have we
have no another thing i hate to purge god i can't stand that guy another thing
did you finally get to see i'm a little kind of class does it take to be running around
telling us that his wife had a big ass we already know that you know that she
he constantly talks about her and his does he show well i don't know i don't
listen to that really well he can't use to and i used to listen to the station
a long time ago but now the music is just really bad
yeah don't listen to the work
uh... did you finally get to see the shot shank redemption no
that's a very very good movie yeah very good if you do not want to go and
and rent it but i did see some of the sharks are feeding screen last night
if you don't want to rent it on saturday on tnt at eight o'clock they're going to
show it if he gets eight or nine but of course you know you're going to see
five hundred commercials and they're going to cut out what way to man
more noise
just for a second i'm going to i'm going to take something seriously if this
stuff doesn't stop i'm going to get up and walk out of this building i'm not
joking this is how many times is the program director have to go down there
physically i don't know what kind of a retard they got down there
listen to that you can hear it you can feel it the walls are thumping okay
i don't work in a thumping place if i'm something then it's got to do with
something else beside this okay this is not acceptable go ahead sir whatever
you're saying is there a way you could put the mic up to the wall so we can
hear what you hear yeah i the mic is on a stand we can't do that's on a
all right well if you know if you don't want to rent it like i said on saturday
on tnt they'll show it but i mean renting it you get to see everything it's
really really well done movie true well okay thanks for giving me a day now i
will i'm going to enjoy being home early today i'm not joking you think i'm
joking i'm gonna walk out i've never walked out for sure in my life in
two hundred years in the business i am gonna walk out because it's obvious
that they don't care in this place and whatever he's doing in there it doesn't
need to be done in there now anyway that's not on the year right right
they're warming up i'm sure but what what do you mean they're warming up what
practice practice what they're live mixing
practice they're live mixing tell them to mix this okay
what it's supposed to have been taken care of and i told them uh get what it's not
telling you he's taking care of it and i keep every year and stops for 30
seconds and then the wall start those crumbling down again and here it's
supposed to be taken care of where is the general manager of this god damn radio
station who's running around with the bull crap huh
pocket crap this is the almost a month we've been in this room and with the
exception of one or two other days when they started down the hall there
obviously they can do whatever they do without making this racket because we
don't have it the rest of the time we didn't have it up for just a few minutes
ago for whatever kind of horse crap radio they're playing down there
and now it's like boom boom boom boom like like this my kishkeys are getting twisted
i'm starting to get those pains back again that's what it's from boom boom
boom boi a crap power 96 they should only shut that thing off the year get a
goddamn public service metal for shutting that crap down all those 12 year old little
little uh spick girls they're all in school right now anyway okay they're all in
reform school or somewhere
christall mighty what a place
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the ATAT wireless live
here's a mobile in my any hello hi Neil yes sir i'm glad i don't have to win those tickets
because i have no idea of anybody's number but that's good at least you're honest i
got my own and i can see uh uh numerof these number picking out of there number five something
that's all i can see i have 51 and he's not here anymore okay he's a big
charm of tickets that's i know that oh there you go right there's good that's good
that's about it okay thank you sir excellent 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the ATAT
line we got 200 open lines now all of a sudden we were doing great here today we're having
a fine day all of a sudden everything's going right in the old
trapper okay like i said they throw as many impediments in your way as they possibly can in
this place they give you no promotion they spend your name wrong and some stupid ad in the
god damn magazine that nobody will listen to the show reads anyway and that's their idea of
the assistant like red comes in yesterday when you were out sick oh good job on the trends good
yeah i said there's a good job on issue on the trend every month every rating book every year
oh yeah you're right yeah i says how about doing something for us and they turn around and walk
out i mean maybe leaving is what i had in mind but nevertheless that that as soon as you heard
that he turned around and walked out because it might it might have it might have involved some
expenditure of money which they don't have which they don't have because every dime that's why
they're out there with 2500 salespeople pounding the streets you want to buy some marlin no dollar
spot no 50 cents no quarter no we'll pay you no because they got to be selling didn't i predict
this when we run with paxon when they made this deal oh yeah we got to top engine them marlins
in the panthers and the other sports station i predicted it then no matter how much money they
build in this place they'll never ever be able to make that money back so they can pay baldy in the
john Henry almost four million dollars a year the radio rights just for the marlins just for the
marlins do you know how many spots they have to sell to make the four million dollars back
so they can pay john Henry to walk around and say hey we want a game we want a game we want to build
this a stadium but in the meantime at least give us a little rock bonus for us at least give us a
place up here this was supposed to be a big deal oh we're moving on up to the third floor it's
got to be great beautiful state of the art studios we're in a goddamn thumping box that's what we're
in work cup thumping it is what we're doing somebody's over there thumping it maybe that's what
they all got to make it pictures of in this place huh there's too much thumping going on up here
on the third floor and obviously they have tremendous respect for a pussy galore over here next
door it only took 17 trips of his down the hallway to say to kid curry hey cut the crappy assholes
the battle of the program directors we got here only we don't have them we got pussy we got a
bg not a bd that's what we got tone it down to a goddamn dull roar down there
here's a mobile and west pombi chill out hey no yes sir hey instead of hockey player numbers
since we ask you who the drummers are in certain bands that's tomorrow hey and also I have
another thing there's a big conspiracy with these Albanians bring them to Cuba because from Cuba
they go to Miami and get what happens the Albanians will change the name of the street for Albanian
oh we got thank you for grinding them by the way thank you sir even though it was very boring call
he's right send it okay's naming street for mosque canosa how about one for duty canova
that sounds like mosque canosa I want to make a response before I get into this thing which
of course is in the hero big headline in the local yoke olamami date section no mosque that's
what I say no mosque enough of this crap florida senate voter wins they to name a downtown miniport
of biscayne boulevard or hey mosque canosa boulevard for the late chairman of the Cuban-American
national foundation the main change of course sponsored by senator senator's mario d s bullard and
Roberto Casas clear the senate unanimously as part of a larger road naming bill than now heads to
the house the family asked to do that casa said in an interview Jorge mascarosa was a freedom fighter
a member of the twenty five oh six brigade he's done a lot for the people of Cuba and that's the
reason Jorge mascarosa boulevard would run past the freedom tower which served as an entry point for
Cuban exiles coming to Miami and is now one by the mosque family the designation would apply to
a stretch of biscayne boulevard between northeast six and sixteenth streets oh and we're not done by
the way yet wait till you're the right to this the senate also agreed to add in the road naming bill
a block in little havana for amando perez the Cuban-American owner of a nikeragwin restaurant called yambo
the name the name for that part of southwest first street armando perez yambo boulevard
are you following this folks senator alberto gutman sponsored that change armando perez
is a guy who is the epitome of the american dream he says he took that block in little havana that
was run down like a city block in a war zone and turned it into a center for the nikeragwin community
and then kind of last but not least is a throwaway here because there might be two or three
sparses reading the newspaper the bill also includes the new name carry p.n.c. boulevard for north west
twenty seven to have it in Miami date from fifty eight street to the brow county line the change
was sponsored by the congresswoman son senator kendrick meek democrat of Miami the bill created the
center thirty six to uh...
so that's kind of like the rest of the air
but the headline says senator case naming street for mascarosa
and it just goes on and on and on and you wonder why most of us move to brow are down you wonder
oh boy
i'm trying to land the pollo for a car
we are ecpio
if the reaction time i'm gonna kick off my shoes
strip off my dress
it makes me wet when i see you get a big erection
that's too big for my mouth
i want a mercenary and a cup of you and take it up my lubricated suit
give me a new rag done and mail to the wall
ecpio and i want to drink your ball
i want to love it while the army went to suit your pussy
and that i'll give it a blow in the morning and get a sick exit
at least until you take up his i want to wrap my lips around your pulsing tube
and make your wonderworm explode with glue
that's something right uh
and it's on circus side
on the grgc diatomahes i want to drink your ball
grgc diatomahes i want to drink your ball
you want to tap your nose in 5-50 wqm or the wall the walls are literally crumbling down
who they really are in in every respect it's just the coming on glue this joint
got nice launch here from our buddy at the where where we get this from today
Tony that's right Tony's what's your guy's name
mad how come they got placed grad like i so i don't know at this point
my mind is like unglu i was doing so great i feel so much better i'm nursing myself back to health
and all of a sudden like uh you know you're in here for a couple of hours and you're like
messing with it they're effing with your brain again they're effing with your brain with your
life with your livelihood but we'll get through it make no mistake about it
nice greaks salad here today low carb nice peta cheese those greaks know how to do it
here's temper pines hello hey yeah i was going okay great oh well i don't know about the
panzers man i'll tell you i do they suck well that's true i don't see you don't know well i mean
what i put it behind the team but i can't understand why they can't pull it together somewhat
what does that mean it's less you guys you're mind me other guys in the morning show they lack talent
don't you understand don't see the person now out there forgetting about the injuries
forget about pop albury he wasn't here when the season started anybody with a brain could look
out here and say this is a mediocre team they lack talent that's true how many stiffs yeah i
trained away a lot of good guys and other guys are hurt yeah so i mean but before the guys got hurt
they went into a swoon carolina rolled over and put their legs up in the air and said okay let's
have your way with us and this team rolled over and died that's true that's true lack of uh
talent and i think lack of passion for playing and lack of coaching and lack of front office smarts
yeah we need a very brother's gotta go that's right gotta go and and i don't hear that on the
morning show by the way well it's just a 20 or 25 minutes that they repeated again this morning
the same old bull crap again scratching each other's heads watering what we got to do i didn't hear
any of that that's because they're askissers yeah that's right plan a simple three askissers
that morning show and they wonder why we got these mediocre numbers in the morning and why we can't
make our our secondary bonuses because the morning show blows exactly right hey i'd like to take
a stab at your game take a stab at what game try to get some number from a team okay 69 from
got talking about that well how about that in six hours ago and this guy still doing numbers
69 from uh your back to him yeah get out of here this guy was serious
wants to take a stab at my game well i'll take you what i'm having more tickets but you want
to do that the rest of the day don't kill some good time you want to do that no i don't either
that was that that was no it was not amazing was typical by the way how the guy's doing out there
how's Joe and uh and then f you doing out there at the shell station haven't heard from them now
well hopefully they're busy they got tickets where you go down there and get tickets you don't
even have to answer any questions they got tickets uh two pair for the heat and the maverick's tonight
in the arena they got a pair for the panthers and the Bruins at the erectal center
and they got uh pairs of tickets probably eight million of them for the opening weekend of the
merceneration the auto races at the homestead motor sports complex and if you believe that's a real
sport you're crazy you're an iam you're crazy in the people down to power 96 but just make
Joe custody all happy and judge course so too oh yeah we love that stuff you know and then go
maybe you can scalp them but i doubt it you think there's any value in scalp in those tickets by them
no no that'd be like try to scalp tickets for the panther game tonight good luck to you
and i should know when the guy starts to call saying oh i just don't know about it i mean how can
you not know that is anybody that played 76 games if you don't know by now sir then you're never
gonna know how about track my hovelich what number here is Fort Lauderdale hello
yes sir Neil yes i am god bless you i'm sitting here trying to figure out better ways to
absolutely piss off all the companies who hire me as a consultant you and i are disabled huh
yeah you and i can do it spirits because you pissed everybody off and sort of i and they'll
they keep us around because we make a money it's a pleasure
but i'm sitting there laughing all morning because you are really at the top of your game this morning
yes i am and i had a bad bad morning i was hoping my lawyer was going to be able to send one of
these assholes a letter but the guy called me and said he would take care of what he had to do so
i can't send the letter to him disappointing i'm afraid we're not happy it doesn't do i mean
you got a whole thing prepared well you got to rest of the day so keep hoping for the worst okay
you'll like that you can solve these he's open for bad crap oh good olives in here nothing like
Greek olives you know you know where the Greeks used to stick the olives oh don't say it
correct don't do it come on fine and then they discovered just putting the olive oil in there
would work a lot easier five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
here's my any hello here's a call from Jorge Mascarosa you say yes a meal yes
Lord meal i finally got through listen about that those those 20 thousand refugees that are going
to get no they're going to get more than they're going to be able to get to Miami and Fort Lauderdale
when they're done with them over there you actually think they're going to go back
to do Kosovo yes they are imagine that we're going to want to pay for their medical bills and
everything else yeah and they're just going to be 20 thousand new what would you like to see happen
in the mr. Mascarosa you start to that then croak and die from disease would that make you happy
no that's not it then what's the other way then what is it what is it
what they need to do is what they're doing why did they tell the German they got why did they tell the
Germans you've got a lot of empty territory up there in Germany how about we stick them up
over there for a while right instead of going away with a candidate in the guantanamo that's what I
said you're right but they don't want to do it they're going to agree and let the Germans pay for it
by the way let the Dan Germans pay for it is starting to a little bit of reparation for all the money
that we had to waste in all the lives we had to kill for two world wars how about that that's not
you they're the ones who cause all this trouble in any way right so rep them deal with it well
they're going to happen but good idea let the damn Nazis take care of it let those Germans take
care of the crowds are they going to do it no no I see candidates being nice what are they
taking in six people I think well they you know they got a lot of immigration problems already
they don't want to overdo it they're nice but they don't want to be too nice
and and by the way I was only joking about it but you know I think it's five thousand they're
taking in most of them are going to Quebec that'll take those frogs the thing or two and guess what
froggy they don't speak no French nine minutes past noon at five sixty WQM two minutes I know you
just heard this recently but I want to reinforce it two minutes what hey listen we don't care you
know it was nice that scruan she stuck her head in the door oh any problems with sales and with
copy oh you don't even want to know oh you're right I don't okay goodbye they're there by the way
yeah show and Chris and show we and Chris and and nothing they're there
I'm in the middle of a spot to watch here if they're there I didn't think you started it yet
I didn't but I am now by the way
other pair clean up clean up the cum seems right here on your seat clean up clean up whenever you
eat your meat eat clean up clean up try seduction works the best clean up clean up whenever you
affect it too candid so 14 is five sixty WQAM so they're a mob down there to QA and vanners no more
heat tickets there's no more pants and tickets but I got plenty of tickets for the auto races
at the homestead motorsports complex this weekend anybody want those no they got QAM bumper
stickers the real boring ones that sand the shambles those real ugly blue and yellow things that
don't say anything anybody want those no okay that's it well they're still down there for a little
while that didn't take long you might just stop down there in the say how to joy you know I
say I had a Chris because he's boring here's Boyton V chill out hello yes sir yeah no I got a long
time gripe about the NHL and I just wanted if you shared it with me the Thai ball games
if I won the Thai games in hot Thai ball games Thai games in hockey yeah the
Panthers have played like what about 76 games 18 18 of them have been tied that is correct
that's like as they don't score any goals because they can't protect the lead right more than
like more than 20 percent there's nothing is depressing is going to a game and adding and
I don't agree at all I couldn't disagree with you more there you go boy I don't agree because
I mean when you have too many ties like the Panthers seem to have every year that's not good because
then later on in the year when you're like fighting for a playoff spot even if they would have
tied Carolina or anybody else they still don't get the spot because the first tie breaker is wins
and if you got all those ties you obviously have far fewer wins yeah that's that but there's
nothing wrong with it there's there are bad ties when you've won the lead and they're good ties
you know when you come from behind you get a point that's better nothing we know the Thai game was
instituted as a world war two measure because of transportation was available and needed all the
transportation for troops and stuff like that and there was supposed to be reinstated you know the
overtime games and there was never reinstated what do you mean it wasn't reinstated we don't play
overtime no we don't play overtime what does it play overtime when it's if it's tied at the end
the regulation it's it's a tie each team gets a point right sure hello hello please tell me
you're joking please I beg you are you joking me no no
12 16 at 5 60 WQM you were right before by the way you were a little psychic though you were ahead
you were ahead of your time with that prediction about the people on the phone here's the fact that
says Jorge Mosque no sir was nothing but a thogit and not see another right wing Cuban maniac luckily
it's spring break in Dayton all Julio's are busy and quiet at Westland with their mouths full
oh this is a good idea instead of Jorge Mosque no sir Boulevard they should name the street
glory whole Boulevard I like that a lot better oh this last call and you think that I exaggerate
you think that I even George knows that they play five minutes of overtime during the regular
season and then in the playoffs of course they play a full period and they keep playing and then
they have it in a mission and they play another full period and they keep playing until somebody
scores and wins the game in the playoffs here's another old fart that shares his expertise who
probably hasn't seen a hockey game since since Danny Galavan was in embryo since Frank
Stalky senior was a fetus seriously the the ignorance and then we got a sports station in this
town oh my god you people are gonna be kidding me nice going Greg nice format nice place for a sports
station and we're gonna build a new stadium oh brother what a what a bunch of kidders we got here
in this town here's homestead hello good morning how are you great I'm doing okay in spot of all
these impediments to my life and well you shot me in the ass already I'm gonna try to get you
before you hit this boss can I was a think who now put this thing up for for grads rename
hafist town a couple of uh hulio uh legislate it says right here in a paper to cost us from
hi alia first thing this morning I read in a Mario DS bullard for my day the couple of good right
wing Republican members of the legislature right so I'm reading this this morning I had to call
nearly this is unbelievable I've seen it it says here he has done a lot for the people of Cuba
well why the hell are the people in Cuba name they're goddamn right I yeah exactly I didn't know
that he was elected to do something for the people of Cuba I thought he was supposed to be working
for the people of Florida yeah this is my goal he's done it's so money from my aunties it got
them gangster yeah and and so we're no boss me name it has no more this crap okay we got Jose
consuckel bullard yeah I mean what what are we gonna have next you've heard you've heard of root 66
maybe we'll have alpha 66 highway maybe that'll be we'll rename 95 yeah you can drive all over
the town and every fourth street is named after some Cuban that exactly right and that's why people
are flocking out of date county there is no assimilation process going on yeah it's like we took
it over we're gonna do whatever the hell we want here and you people gonna blow it out your
hands this is what goes on here politically and then every other goddamn way and that's why
date county is a foreign country and anybody doesn't believe that is is a blown smoke up your
own absolutely correct that yes I am I thank you for and God bless us see you so goddamn foreign
country it's a shame too it's a real real super shame but that's just the way it is there's
no desire no leadership no interest in assimilating or working together like they do in real cities
oh but it's a multicultural city oh right not a multicultural city it's a one cultural city
anybody else that don't go along with the game plan to them you know like I said I'm looking
into the program for the marlin's opening game and here's a full page ad without one word english in
it it's unacceptable it's unacceptable you're just jealous because it's not in yetish yeah right
there's no yetish ads in there my anti-semitic friend okay and by the way I wonder if that's one of
those places where they're peddling horse meat in the back five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the banana boat I mean the mobile one line yeah it's a banana boat place
state county look at the driving look at the kind of old beat up wrecks out there on the road
effect there was the thing in fact speaking of Jews there was a thing this morning about the
how I forget what year it was I'll find it somewhere in a paper there were 72,000 Jews on the beach
and I was only 38,000 and they're either dying off or flying out of there like crazy
it's a takeover baby it's an invasion that's what's going on here in this town it's a whole
county it's been invaded they even had to change the name to protect the guilty
Miami-Dade County my big fat back down yeah right know anybody that says Miami-Dade County
no before it sure was a good idea changing all that stationary and all those liturheads
for whoever got that contract five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
here's four lottery oh hello yes yes oh there's marlin's uh uh uh uh whatever you say
here's north Miami Beach hello north Miami Beach see there's something on this line four
it only happens on four they don't get disconnected they'd aren't there and it's always on that line
never on the other lines only on that line that's what I'm starting about the phone company you get
it bell south and how incompetent you people are but I am here's Miramar hello hello dr. Nell yes
sir um the other day you mentioned something about the electronic tolls and you can get one of those
transponders at Napa uh at Napa Auto's sixty second and Hollywood Boulevard and uh
will be available the spring but the point is this yeah that's fine if you're you're talking about
going through the uh to the booth uh huh but that's fine if the other people going through the booth
actually go through with the right booth yeah but if there are assholes going through the uh
expir- whatever they call that thing what is the sunshine like whatever it is um some kind
of whatever it is if there are people going through there who don't have it and who don't
belong at that lane it still isn't going to get you through any faster yeah that's right and you
know as well as either what's going to happen every day yeah well can you do exactly all right time
I'm out of material okay thanks for the goodness okay what you can do is take a bus
and then the bus gets to the sun pass and they say oh sorry there's 16 legal aliens out there
with 15 the pennies in their pocket in the wrong lane I mean when you're trying to create a
situation where the dumb people are out there in their cars where have all these thousands and
thousands and thousands of really ignorant idiotic people who take no money when they try to leave
the airport and who have no change at the turn by toll plans or any other goddamn places at
toll yeah I'm reading in the paper these comments oh please do anything to eliminate these tolls
it's such a hassle you know everywhere else in but not everywhere Michigan we didn't have
tools on highway but all over the place there are tools and I was not like somebody invented that
here and somehow life goes on you know because people with a brain they see it says exact change
guess what if you can read English maybe they need to have bilingual signs there maybe that was it
the numbers are the same in Spanish yeah 25 cents 25 cents but exact change is not the same how
about is that to come to you is that right huh come you exactly get it right speak tight
hit a row 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one on although what's the name same as calling you
ladies I don't know what that's all about I have no idea maybe he's starting to get nervous
ladies and gentlemen as well you know them here South Miami hello yeah Neil yeah I wanted to set you
straight on what's going on with the Kosovo as far as the refugees going to Canada according to
6 10 yesterday when they do the Canadian report according to 6 10 yeah they do they all my
dress 6 10 W I O D oh I hate that station yeah those pitiful bastards right they do a Canadian
report at about 12 o'clock every day yeah well our Canadian friends that are down here right and
they actually said that most of the refugees would be going to Toronto there's apparently some big
military base in the Toronto area really and right away Toronto city officials came out and said
we're going to need help from the government because the city of Toronto doesn't have the money
we're broke right believe me now last but he's got a great sense of humor by the way the mayor
of a Toronto yeah I remember what it snowed back in December snowed two inches and he called out
the national guard and all the truth that was good night well and well they said without a doubt
you know they expect at least 20% of the refugees will apply for refugee status and want to
stay in Canada yeah and of course this could go on for how long so it could be even longer
that well send them to Montreal that's that would serve them right there you go all right wait
I'm opening up some Valkyrie stands have a great day yeah yeah that'll teach those frogs a
thing or two put the in fact I say kick the frogs out and let the Yugoslavis go in there to
Montreal and all the Quebec and they'll build that place up and they won't be militant about that
language crap either probably will go home that's probably what the frogs are already telling
probably will go home boy are they disgusting the French Jesus Christ are they disgusting or what
man you can smell them a mile away hey stupid I'm talking on this olive on a Greek olive I hate to
break the news to Joe and the nephew out there okay the QA and Van you were mob when you got there
we already had our people waiting there for it for the stuff that they wanted you could stay there
from now until seven years from Dale Earnhardt's next birthday and the fact is that people aren't going
to come because they don't want the QA and K chains they don't want those stupid ugly bumpers
through the same made and they especially don't want tickets for the auto racing crap okay with all
the respect to Joe Joey who's a great guy but I hate to break the news to you they have no
interest whatsoever do they no any none okay I mean this is such a great sports town I get that
I mean that call before on a guy with a hockey and the ties in the overtime that should make the
Guinness Book of Records okay there would be people that depending on what part of the world that
they heard that phone call that would jump off the tallest building here in that crap
they don't want the auto tickets guys they're around
so let's find out who's the state your robbing lists are and other calling it throw player parts
cause you to the loo it's time for a change the new rules are you have to show up in your underwear
and no one ugly is allowed in there so you'll have lots of fun checking out so fun
find the first line and sound so I can get my kick up with the game is over
that's like my groovy the loo is back around over my whole g-mau now you can see a lot more at the
case since everybody is on dress the same and you can look around to see what hanging down
this is sourdice now I never realized that that good would fail be clad in my jockey
that the football field was the r Auteya's and now it's b v part
that I
I've never realized that the food in which we'll be glad in my job is that the football field is the Robin in town.
And now it's B.T.R.
B.T.R.
It's like a B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
B.T.R.
Do not occupy up a strike if you do not notice.
they're the best me to fly over there.
That'sFor fuck's sake.
Take the question.
하나 takes a break.
Okay.
All the up well we have.
derelicts out of this town and all those great criminal athletes that dad
labaster like so much to by the way I still think that's a great idea let's
have tryout camp every a prison every a gangster place the gangster tryouts
then can be in charge you can bring the stopwatch and the tape measure
get push
no there's a video just for adults cherry spriggers since I've got to get
these guys on my show see how one big fat captain wearing an ugly blue suit
gets down the pants a missigaring gene and wait till you see what he does
with dancing there grandfather clock can't keep his hands off of mr.
moose and watch bunny rabbit get himself a little cotton tail and when the balls
fall on these guys faces they love it captain kanga screw now on video
through the homo shopping network captain kanga screw now on video
property three five sixty wf you can't refuse is the set bail for pill mill
physician a coral springs position is accused of pulling in so much cash from
prescribing more than a million addictive pills per year that she's in risk
of fleeing the country was denied bail on Tuesday doctor Barbara mazella charged
patients a hundred dollars each to write out tens of thousands of prescriptions
for narcotics and barbicure with but has only two thousand dollars in her
office account federal prosecutors told federal magistrate lorana stow
yesterday snow ordered an interesting name to by the way snow ordered mazella a
sixty one year old grandmother to stay in federal lockup in my my meat until
her trial on charges of unlawful drug distribution health care fraud and
false medical buildings several of mazella sports children patients broke down
in tears I don't know where all that cash is going but it's a lot of cash no
said the fact that she has some legitimate patients doesn't change the fact
that she's an accused drug dealer accused their parentheses federal of course
federal officials arrested mazella on Thursday and said eight of her patients
died from overdoses or suicide or they're investigating at least two dozen
other deaths prosecutors plan to seek a sentence of 20 years to life
assistant u.s. attorney Robert Nicholson said mazella prescribed massive
quantities of addictive drugs to patients including some were convicted drug
dealers some who were arrested for reselling them and some using other people's
names prosecutors say mazella also treated legitimate patients authority said
some of back injuries aids and cancer who required strong dosages of drugs to
dull their pain the doctor at three thousand dollars cash when she was
arrested last week and four thousand dollars when she was arrested for
driving under the influence in february according to federal agents mazella's
lawyer Jeff Harris said she often makes large cash deposits from her family
business in corral springs docs rx tavern but he said it's ridiculous to think
that doctor would flee or as a danger the community is prosecuted is
contended if she were granted bail haris said she would surrender her medical
license and stop saying patients will be due some of her patients came to court
prepared to testify that mazella was the only doctor around willing to give
them enough drugs to crawl their chronic pain doctor mazella has a tremendous
support base here as said I've heard from four or five patients and her family
has heard from dozens but next in with the doctor's fans was Jessica weiner
kachi of boka whose father back patient victor weiner died in September
1996 from toxic interactions of drugs prescribed by mazella when she gets
convicted I'll be on cloud nine coaches said she killed my father she gave
him an up to kill a horse three times over on the day weiner died mazella gave
him prescriptions for narcotics and barbiturates even though kachi warned the
doctor that her father was addicted and possibly suicidal according to
federal documents his is one of the depth under investigation along with many
many many many others prosecutors are still deciding whether charge mazella
with responsibility for some of the depths nickels and said and whether to
charge don't on us and owner of dawn's clinic pharmacy which here is all
his office and filter prescriptions on a cash basis
how do you like that
just what i'm telling you man killing the public with drugs
when i lived in Boston in the early sixties on commonwealth avenue there was a
doctor in the i will have downstairs in the department and upstairs in the
same building there was a doctor a pill doctor
and fedamine that's when the speed was real big of what the doctor's when
that whole scam started he had people coming there were there were skinnier
than current carpenter giving them a barbiturates and use to find all the
all the stuff in the attraction to back of the apartment complex all the
needles and all the crap five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on a
mobile one line what am i getting excited about here's a mobile in hilea hello
five of it right or just shoot her in the like uh... or just uh... give her an
overdose exactly now i have to disagree with you with that uh... you can
race in it's not a sport i sincerely disagree with you
you've ever if you've ever been behind a uh... steering wheel for a few hours uh...
the end of steering wheel of what i'm behind the steering wheel every day of a
great uh... one of the car's had a high rate of speed going into turns in the
whole bit it does wear in terror in your body so and and i think that
i don't want to ask you to support they strapped you to the back of a mac truck
going high speed around the center that would be where to run your body to is that
how you define a sport if there's a lot of wear in terror on your body now but
i'm not called golfers for two is there any where in terror on your body
now now go for a story
all for the first or i think i think that's only this competition and racing
uh... your competition in cock fighting to does that make it a sport
well you know you gotta get you gotta get behind the steering wheel one day of a
i don't want to get i have no anxiety behind the uh... steering wheel of a race car
i get the end of the wheel of a beautiful nineteen ninety nine quervet whichever
one i choose and i give a day every day of my life
drive it to the limits ever i don't have any desire to drive it to its limits i'm
not crazy i'm not so excited you know just because it doesn't mean it doesn't
mean it's not a sport
okay whatever you say you want the ticket
no i definitely know he does not want any race to be i don't have any of them okay
the guys over there joe had them joe
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
all but it's a bigger spectator you know something great that's wonderful
not interested
i mean here's the great this is going to show you where this town's head is at
where they're where their heads are at that's right
greatest port in the world i mean it's not even a contest hockey is by far and
away and i don't care about television ratings because like i said before a lot
more people even on ice cream than fish food that still doesn't make it great
it still sucks it's still bland and tasteless like baseball
and i got people the calls that we've had here today man are just
they're like for the seriously get us book of records
if they make the crease bigger we'll let help the panthers and how about are they
we're going to play it over time five six seven we got two calls left and
aboard we're dying over here now with an hour ten minutes to go
heck over we'll be here from two to six from uh shulis
pocket baseball but josh and jason six to six thirty because we got a
kilo half hour in there any interest in the baseball
no and then the meds in the marlins again at pp park on the on q a m and of course
on waxy will be the panthers and the abruans because the panthers always take
a backseat because that's the way the contract reads obviously and i still
think i still hope we'll have more people for the hockey game tonight then
they'll have in pp park for the uh... marlin game
i could be wrong but i don't think so
second night of the season no other local sporting event last night and only
over eighteen thousand amounts that's ticket sold and got to know how many
people really were their last night for that trouncing by the meds and most of
the meds fans by the way here's kendall hello
yeah and he'll get out to them good evening um you know speaking about the
hispanic naming of the streets and everything about florida i heard something
last week on national public radio that thankfully i was sitting down in the
car drive and what was unbelievable uh... state representative and i don't
know what the person's name is because i was in shock after i heard it yeah is
introducing a bill to exempt south florida truck drivers from being able to read
english yeah because they don't need to read street signs because of you know
the phonetic no left turn and all that kind of stuff yeah so now it's not
words when it says on the turnpike uh... change exactly exact change no no
when it says truck no trucks can't go through the exact change trucks have to be
in a green things on here and it says so okay how about the signs that say no
right turn yeah or about you know how about how about the signs that say go back
where you came from the you learn to speak english how about those signs how
true uh... we need more of those right exactly okay
that's the k-year meters okay that's what they always say to the meter made
that's the k-year meters five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a
mobile one line what a quarry want there steggan is in the door nothing
what does that mean
you don't want anything you just want to leave my door open so that i'd have to get
up and close it oh thanks quarry
nice from new york you know i just want those rude things that they learned that
we can't help them so still works pretty good
here's corral springs hello hello nia sir uh... what you were taught about the
doctor death uh... a minute ago that uh... given out the bills yeah uh... my wife and i
uh... we live in corral springs and even though we have a million restaurants here
most evening especially on weekends when you get to the restaurant you have to wait an hour or
two hours to get in uh... so we are looking for a place to eat and we try to go to this dark
stake house we figured it's been up there for a couple of years it's new or whatever let's go
to fight out we we're not investigators we're not anything we're just regular people we walk in
my wife takes a look at the place we take a look at the menu they have about three quarters of
the items have been scratched out like they don't have them my wife says this is a front for something
she says let's get out the hell out of here and we did we wouldn't stay in the place like
it's obviously the front and you know she's making it a lot and i mean i don't have the way in
knowing that you're saying it i don't even know where the place is writing about it i'm telling you
we're not we're just regular so we walked in we looked at the place my wife looks at me and she
says this is a front for something we're not eating yeah you just told me that yeah
anyway that's okay well i'm ready to eat there okay thank you like i said he's doing all the talking
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's Delray Beach hello
hello yes sir yes uh talk about that darker about that uh yeah where all those people
gonna do that are addicted to drugs from her and much be hundreds they almost be sick at the
dog today they'll find someplace else it's very hard is it yeah not easy why you have in troubles
to they're on me uh i'm not believing but um first of all a lot of these people are addicts they can't
find you know drugs on the street they go to these doctors and their wife's position descriptions
yeah one minute maybe we can put them on maybe put them on a big seven forty seven and seven
and all the drug I actually take them out of how they do they take them outside of town and they
make sure they have only clean needles and they they deal with it intelligently instead of having
them running around a lot of illegal doctors right that's what you that's what you go out of this
country right right i mean a lot of these people are suffering out there i'm and you know they're
just they got a deficiency in their brains well maybe we'll send them to uva slavia five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line i mean god forbid that anybody should get
hooked on drugs by doctors right that doesn't go on in america does it all those good doctors out
there here's a north Miami hello the panthers playing extra innings tonight yes thank you uh-huh
on waxy extra innings they're playing 15 tonight i mean that call from that guy before i'm serious
i'm sitting here trying to absorb it my intestines in my every part of my body every cell is still
resisting desperately absorbing all of those things that he said
god if stupidity were a commodity that we could market and make money from we could work another
couple of days and get out of here i mean it's just amazing and i'm just talking about inside
the building forget about the colors five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile
one line we're never going to make it till two today boys and girls get that music ready get it ready
white boy because it's getting really really grim twelve fifty five at q a m when you're ready to buy
and by the way you know john penis seriously you're you're you're always said you're a pretty good
guy always defended those who knock you but lately man what you've done to me i wouldn't do the
eight-off Hitler i wouldn't do with eight-off tenderizer i wouldn't do it he's he's just abandoned
this show is what he's done he's just basically abandoned us and we have nothing
and that's who ends got the the woods but a walk up here this wall or everything okay you're
getting into those feedback sheets and cops of course not you know that we're getting squat we're
getting ahead we're getting jobbed oh boy it's the one to two hour the old bad
here every drug is safe that he needs something today to get it up oh hey and though i'm not
really ill there's no fire grub pill and as soon as daddy takes one there's no need for
mom to fake one and it gets me on the fall gets me standing straight and tall
doctor please some more tenancy i want to score i need for more the old bad things i'm sick in
years old
and your thousandth habit little what we like and what to do they just don't appreciate the woman's
needs your show heart to satisfy this is the last to watch it's last show we're all running for the
shelter of the father's little helper i could show this every night be a porn star
oh
doctor please more potency come back today
see what's me dead the old bad things i'm sick in years old
everything's just here you're right here how are you now what do you know he's fine what
look at him i can't hear you like one life was a teenager oh you're a monkey woman it's a 101
560 wq i'm welcome to our big one at two hour you can almost smell it can't you smell it
i can 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 out of 18 t-wa i can't tell you right now okay and this is not i'm not
exaggerating i don't care what happens on the sports nerd shows i'm telling you this beyond a shadow
of a doubt since this is the show with the big audience okay not these other make-believe shows
like that morning show there is absolutely no interest none now there will be bodies and seats
because they're already paid for but in terms of real interest there is no interest in the
panther game and the heat game in the marlin's game in any of these things none the most accurate
how we had was very early when the guy called the city's already paid for those panthers tickets
for the boon games tonight and you can't get any way to buy the tickets and he's out 112 bucks
or whatever it is and so he's gonna go there was an honest caller no interest
here's a mobile and curl springs hello
hey Neil yes sir are you gonna yanky tickets yeah what can we do for us is that it that your
material that a medley your material yeah that's it that's a medley five so he's in medley five
six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 out of 18 t-wa i was not here sport Myers hello
hey Neil yes sir i just want to agree with you on that racing thing i think it's not a
agree with you on the racing thing i don't feel like all of the sport i don't think it's for us
i mean this guy before that's telling me oh well don't you want to drive the cars to its fastest
of course that i'm not crazy i'm not suicidal i got a car will go 165 miles an hour do i want to
drive 100 well why do i need to drive 165 miles an hour to prove how manly i am that's what it's
all about you know it's like mine is bigger than yours my my car is faster than yours is who
now cares what does that make them i don't get it i visited your web page other than it's great it is
it looks 24 hours a day now there you go pretty nice i'm actually over there you sure it's pretty soon
huh i said the t-shirts are pretty salt it look like they've been sold out you can get the new ones
pretty soon oh we don't push it now don't start pushing too hard man we can't afford it in the
budget over here okay can i call some of the douche bag yes sir yeah i damn the Santa you're douche
okay have a great life balance say how do the beesleaves by the way time to learn to take a few
bucks and turn them loose then we can actually buy some t-shirts or have some promotion going on
over here instead of that stupid ad in the marlins uh oh boy in the opening day program that's just
Neil Rogers with a D who's with a D i think the D stands for dumb as in Sam from Venezuela put him
out of an animal and send it back to caracas with a banjo on his uh back them yeah which basically
is any part of him that you want i mean you know this is this is what happens when you put up
puts who's like kind of a stepchild to the family you put him in charge of your promotions and our
fate is hanging in the balance of this puts then that's what happened so you make do the best you
can you sit there with your lousy uh you know 15 share in men or whatever you got why i mean
that that's the amazing part i mean even when the full book comes out i guarantee you that bald
head a little time jica if i get a 30 share in the next book he still won't write about it
because i don't go to the track anymore okay i don't hang around with him and i've cappin
and all his race track buddies sorry tom because when it comes to the people that really know
something about journalism and about broadcasting in this market you're out tom
you're yesterday's news here's a mobile and four-letter deal hello hi Neil great show yes it is um
i just want to comment on the Jorge Malfa Musa if you want to take all the time you want let's hear
he was still alive he would be indicted because the only reason they stopped the whole inquiry on the
Cuban American national foundation which the Cuban Mafia is because he was on his deathbed but if
you're still alive right now he pulled a myrola that's right that's right exactly and i i feel like
movie i live on this game bowl of art and i feel like moving i don't know where to go
what's wrong with this game boulevard another word if part of this game boulevard can be this game
boulevard why can't all of this game it's probably the best known street of anywhere in south
florida everybody knows this game boulevard okay everybody knows the name of that god damn street okay
the the bro the boulevard of broken dreams you know i mean i mean the memories i got a
this game boulevard from years ago cruising up and down this game boulevard i could write a book
just about that fact before we had all this disease and crime but nevertheless this game boulevard
everybody knows and we got to take a little strip because we got to do a political thing there
Roberto Causa and some other Julio some professional spict with a hyphenated last name the ads
boulevard with their eight million of them in that family by the way and what on the tv is
off of their thank god anyway why don't we just take in the name of every every street in
day county and make it into some Julio name okay and auto racing suck god bless you sir
wow wow there you go even Jason said auto racing sucks he said that's for pandes that's right
he's nodding his head he knows he knows the real sport when you see this one
well thank you the shashank redemption thank you very much with tin robins in that scarts are
more than freement now there's not a whole bunch of scarts isn't this is it i don't want to know
he's the only one oh good that's enough one token is okay i don't like move no like like my
mother goes to with my aunt is because they're bored you know on a weekend and every now and then
all we went to see that spikely movie you know spikely movie how we say yeah why did you then she
complains about you know how terrible it was i said what was the problem with it there was
nothing but far too is in there what did you expect white people in a spikely movie my what's
wrong with you honey god she's losing it thanks Jason see there some good things happening here i
get my own copy of shashank redemption so it's a good thing you gotta bring it back i'll bring it
back i'll bring it back okay believe me i'm gonna go to you i'll watch this before i watch that
thing bokeh brine keeps trying to tell me what's in that series on hbo that uh that mafia thing
the sprinos this a pranos air be the tapeback i want to watch it i have i watch the first five or
ten minutes of it and i can't get into it i'm not interested just because the godfather was great
and once upon a time in america and i'm into that kind of stuff it's it's uh craft is what it is
oh no you don't know what you're saying i don't like it okay i don't like it i don't want
he's a genius i mean that costable but it's already been ripped off by everybody on here in this
town and 45 other markets all around the country that's bokeh brine he's a genius but sometimes bad
taste just like mowing rick riley's lawn here's pepper pine hello yeah yes sir
ain't you first time long time all right all right yeah i was like that it's uh doctor thing yes
yeah i was uh i'm a recovering addict and i go i go to this doctor and i tell him you know i
had a little abscess on hand i had to get had to get taken out get a little abscess on your wife
on well on the hand on the hand you got to sit on the end yeah more than not that end okay anyway
uh i'm telling you guys is he out the beauty of town all no big deal to an earth a little bit
the guy writes me 60 very strong pain medications and i said wait man yeah i don't need
those he goes oh you're gonna need him he goes you're gonna need you know he keeps he's like tell me
right i'm gonna need oh you'll need him yeah yeah it's just crazy it's insane all right yeah it's just
uh you're gonna leave us the number huh yeah uh huh the worst ball is that is that a hospital yeah
oh but they're the worst do you know how many people get killed with drugs in hospitals oh man they're
dying like flies i'm believe that's right all right i don't material okay good luck to you sir and don't
take any wooden pills you're killing the public with pills all you pill pushers out there i'm so
glad this story came to light because what i've been screaming about for days now doctors who kill us
with pills prescription drugs with all their grotesque side effects and maybe if you got a big magnifying
glass and you're lucky enough to get your hands on the on the package insert which most people don't
maybe you just might get warned that it's gonna cause abdominal cramps and nausea and vomiting and
puking and kidney damage and liver damage and your kishis will fall out and maybe sudden death
but other than that it's good stuff and Pfizer's going up and what and Merck is going up and all
these other see everything comes back to money we all know that so when it's your own health don't
get sucked in i mean if your own health doesn't matter to you then fine be part of the money game
okay be another pawn in their little game by the way anybody got some phthalo to my force now i
want to go out and buy some Eli Lilly stock i think they got to put that stuff back out again i think
they are what's wrong with 10 hidden babies you know that old saying 10 heads are better than one
that always supplies but not in the glory hole thing it's kind of crowded oh god nil
um
I would never see the man out of Taco Bell buying a burrito.
He showed on time so we tell them to make the order to go.
Three stripping through the bag as he gets into his car.
He eats while sitting in traffic but doesn't get too far.
Takes a bit to Vizmo in hopes that it will last.
Because then you really might know what it's like to get painful.
Then you really might know what it's like.
Then you really might know what it's like.
Then you really might know what it's like.
Then you really might know what it's like.
One 16 at 5.50 WQM we got the Humper Hank Goldberg at 2 o'clock from Shulas.
Six o'clock we got the, who we got?
Josh and Jason from 6 to 6.30 they work real cheap and they're just delighted to be on the airplane radio for half an hour.
Then 6.30 to 7 we got the Marlon pregame show in which there is absolutely no interest at only the third game of the season.
You third interest is already Wayne so to speak.
Then we got the Panther game which we have to stick on Waxi 790 because we realize nobody's listening to that and who to help complain with at this point.
That's the agenda.
Here's a mobile and four-lawterdale.
Yes sir.
Last year when the campus weren't playing that great they got rid of Doug McLean.
Now there hasn't been much improvement.
It doesn't look like they're getting rid of Murray.
What do you mean it doesn't look like?
How do you know they're not going to get rid of him?
I haven't been talking about it all.
I'm talking about it every day.
Well, do you think how do you do it with the mean brothers?
What do you think?
What do you think sir?
Do you think that they might have a little influence over what the fact that the brothers means if one of them goes they both got to go.
That's the good news.
Would they be doing better with Doug McLean?
No.
This team has never had a good coach from the day one.
It's never had a good coach.
Good luck to us sir.
That was the end of that discussion.
See, I hate to break the news to you but there are more people in the world besides Doug McLean.
He's not coming back.
He's in Columbus with a straight jacket getting paid for sitting on his ass and making dumb jokes on CBC.
These people want to go back.
You can't go back.
This team has never ever had a good coach.
5, 6, 7.
I mean because they got hot for a couple of months they're all of a sudden.
I mean he was a good guy.
I like Doug.
We got a long fine.
He was a good, had a good sense of humor.
Maybe too good.
But he wasn't a good coach.
He was a bad judge of talent and a hard ass.
But this guy, you know, and oh yesterday they had the big meeting and they evacuated the player.
Again, he's like running a kindergarten over there.
You know, that's basically where the level of Tury Maria's on.
He has shown me absolutely, positively nothing.
And even before the injuries, this guy couldn't motivate a team to get up for a big game.
I mean we've seen them play above their ability many, many times.
And rise up to the occasion.
But he hasn't been able to do it.
I told you, I was the one on this station and the one in the universe that told you.
Way back in the beginning of the year when he started with his kindergarten tactics,
I said, these guys will not play for Terry Marie.
You mark my words.
Did they play for him?
No.
No, they did not.
Whether it's his fault or not, he couldn't motivate him to play for him.
Okay, so that I think adds into the question.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's South Miami.
Hello.
I knew.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I'll be at the game tonight.
And now, which game?
Oh, the Panzer game.
Okay.
Haven't heard from anybody that's going to the Heat Game or anybody going to the Marlon game.
Now, one person has called his show.
We've been on for three hours, 19 minutes and seven seconds.
Now, one person has called his show to say, oh guess what?
We're going to the Heat Game or we're going to the Marlon game.
I agree.
You couldn't pay me to go to one of those two.
But I'm going to struggle this to this game tonight.
Just a little change of pace.
You used the expression, the guy with the eyes.
Yeah.
I've always wondered, what is the cock-eyed, bug-eyed...
He's a minister.
Well, I understood that.
He just has these.
He's just a big guy that looks like Frankenstein on non-dropping.
He's got these real glassy eyes.
You'd have to see it to really, fully appreciate it.
Just the expression that I crack up every time you...
The guy with the eyes.
Well, believe me, if you saw him, you'd know exactly what I'm talking.
That's like Gilbert.
You know, you hear the laugh and that's all you need to know.
I've seen Gilbert and he fits his head to this...
What you see is what you get.
Absolutely.
Okay, Neil.
Guy, I'll see you tonight.
Appreciate it.
All right.
You and I, we'll be there.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Enthusiasm is high.
You can cut it with a butter knife.
You can feel it.
You can smell it.
You want to bring back Doug McLean?
No.
How about Danny McLean?
No.
Huh?
How about Shirley McLean?
At least you might have some psychic abilities to know what to do out there.
Medi-occurty.
Why is it that I'm the only one in this town?
How about naming some names?
I mean, instead of repeating the same boring 20 minutes on a morning show this morning, I
loved hearing Ray Whitney on there.
I get erotic when I hear Ray Whitney's voice.
There's a little guy who goes out there.
He's been...
He only scored a couple of goals in the last week.
He's been telling them off a little bit, but everybody goes through their swamp.
But he's leading the team in goals, in assists, in points, in game-winning goals.
He's done his job and in some.
And if Ray Whitney got injured instead of 24 goals, what do you have about 44 by now?
You can take that to the bank.
But they get down with that interview and here comes the same 20 minutes I heard yesterday.
But I'll be able to stop beating around a bush.
You pussy's on that morning show.
Start naming some names of the guys who don't belong on this team.
Like, yeah, oh, well, we're going to unload some guys.
Come on, Joe.
Let's see some macho-ness from you.
You're pussy.
We got too many pussies around this place.
That already the name of this station.
Pussy galore from the program directed the morning guys.
A bunch of pussy, pussy, pussy is what we got.
Name some names.
Kirk Muller.
Kirk McClellan, although we did play good the other night, but I mean, that's not our future.
Believe me for a back.
Well, I don't know.
Can't play in the goal tending this year.
Berk and Kirk.
They've been a lot better than we could have ever expected to be honest with you.
The thing had that one disaster up there in Vancouver.
Maybe he was, you know, back into that Vancouver water again up there.
I have no idea what the deal was up there, but that's not the problem.
But how about naming some names instead of just generalizing everybody knows who the stiffs are in this team.
It's no secret.
Like number 44.
Now, you know this Miami call probably won't be there.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
And the guy said I knew they'd be there.
Yeah.
Hey, I got a, I got an idea how to resolve this close of old problem.
Get the slow but done.
Milosevic out of power.
Is that we send them that part over there.
Yeah.
And I have a might an article in their newspapers.
Right.
I read that article today with a unbelievable.
Isn't that crazy?
In other words, I mean, the one guy he's talking about these gangsters and alleged gangsters and this guy's got a track record as long.
He's got a, he's got a rap sheet as long as this guy's ass.
And he, well, but they got ability.
I guarantee this plenty of guys in the slammer got athletic ability.
Should we let him all out?
Is that the idea, Dan?
Is that what you're trying to say?
You've been in a boat mentality, Jackass.
Well, if the dolphins do drop him and find 20 more, what good are they going to do?
They're going to be in jail the whole time.
How about we bring back Mark Dupor and then and the Irving Spice.
Let's sign it.
He'll be out someday.
Sign him up again.
Yeah.
Sign all the other gangsters.
And by me Humphrey, he can make sure those chalk lines disappear real quick.
Oh, so I'm buying blades to the free agent.
All right. There you go.
There you go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Dan Lebertard.
Ok.
You said you're full of things and he's right.
Thank you, sir.
You're disgrace to this community, Mr. Le Bastard.
And you're a sports writer like I'm a goddamn rocket scientist.
Like my miniature picture is going to be performing open heart surgery at Jackson Memorial Hospital
at 430 this afternoon.
And you should only be the patient, Dan, you're an idiot.
God, all mighty, to waste good space in supposedly a major market newspaper.
And then you pick up a real paper like the Toronto Sun or like any real newspaper.
And like in a real city.
And you read stuff that's worthwhile reading, whether you agree or disagree,
but at least it makes some sense.
There's some foundation for the basis of the opinion that's expressed.
Now we got Dave Hyde who writes saying a lot of words on a page and doesn't say anything over and over again.
And Dave Joseph will keep restating the obvious.
We already know he's a bitter angry young man.
5667-0560-0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
I didn't know they did that.
The pill part I knew.
I didn't know they prescribed that too.
Well that's the way people talk.
Okay, don't blame this punk for blurting it out.
And you just squirt it out.
I mean, blur it it out.
Squirt it out.
Yeah.
That's just the way real people talk.
But unfortunately, because this is repressive US of A,
we can't say those things on the air, sir.
We can't say all of these things.
Because the government, the word police, it real, real upset.
They get psychotic.
You can take one.
You just can't say it.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
If you love those great songs from those great mafia movies,
you'll slip over real mob hits.
Not only does real mob hits give you more of that great mob music,
but you also get awesome sounds of real mob hits.
Like Luke of the Ice Pick's Theama, getting hit is at the 106th Street Barbershop.
Forget about it.
Or who can forget, not only the fish getting the old piano wire across the trope.
If I remember correctly, it was a B flash.
So what a real mob hits now, if you know what's good for you.
Just by dialing 1-800-Bot-A-Bing, real mob hits.
Hey, it's real.
Forget about it.
You know who we ought to send that to?
Tom Coyote.
Yeah, he'd enjoy it.
130 at 560 WQM on a really bizarre day.
We've had some calls today.
I mean, you couldn't buy for $50 billion cash.
I'll tell you that right now.
My very favorite, though, being the guy with the hockey overtime.
He was the best.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
Great. Just wanted to touch base here.
I heard you mentioned earlier that you were concerned about the coach of the Panthers.
What do you mean, in that turn?
Well, just the level of coaching that he has is not right for the team right now.
Who out there would you consider to be a coach for this team?
Because you know, coaching is, you know, you can't just take any coaching by the bench and expect the team to win.
You've got different levels of coaches out there.
You know, you need to find a coach that can work with the team that he has right now.
You see teams out there like that.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Say that again.
Oh, yes. You see teams out there like Pittsburgh right now with coaching problems.
And Pittsburgh has a coaching problem?
Oh, you didn't hear Yaga complain about.
I hate to break the Nescia.
Kevin Constantine would get a lot of votes.
He won't win it, but he'll get a lot of votes for the coach of the year award.
He's done a spectacular job.
He's had problems with the Yaga from way back in the beginning of the year when Yaga said he would never play for him.
This is like a little game that they have back and forth into them.
Kevin Constantine has done a spectacular job in Pittsburgh.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not saying he's a bad coach.
But to go back to what you just said, who can coach this team?
Nobody can coach this team and go anywhere with it because it's a team lacking in talent.
This team needs a general manager that's going to go out there and not just pin all our hopes on one guy.
I mean, Brewery was a great acquisition.
The whole deal all the way around was great.
But the fact is that the supporting cast blows.
There've got to be a lot of moves made.
And just trading a guy you didn't want, you know, in a person of rent-warner for Mike Wilson.
And at the training deadline, while all the other teams are making important moves and acquiring, you know, really talented people,
that didn't change anything.
The general manager and his brother have both got to go.
You got deadwood on the team.
Lindsay, Laos, I mean, you got deadwood on your team.
You're not dead.
What's there to get out of here?
You know nothing.
You know, absolutely nothing.
Nothing.
Less than nothing.
Every piece of your conversation, piece by piece, part by part, indicates to me, you're a Panther fan.
You know nothing about the game.
Zero.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the A-Tam.
And the guys that go out there and bust their ass like Laos and Lindsay and Mel and me.
These are the guys that the so-called fans here don't like.
The guys like Chris Wells, the guys like Robbie, the guys like Kirk Mueller, who's been finished and watched up for three years.
Well, we don't know about them.
I do get rid of them. Say goodbye.
Pack them a salami sandwich.
Not personal.
It's business.
God.
And you wonder how we're going to get.
We only got a handful of games left.
And you wonder how we're going to go through an 80 to game season, 41 home games.
And not be able to see the red light come on with a goal of score.
You wonder why?
That's why.
They don't not only don't take care.
They don't even know.
Here's a lady in Boca.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, you know this is your Dutch admirer again.
I'm not calling about hockey or anything else.
Good.
You remember.
I don't know.
There's nothing about it.
Do you remember I promised you a list of good restaurants and Amsterdam?
Yes.
Well, I have the list here.
Can I give it to you at the game tonight?
Sure.
I'll be there.
Oh, be great.
You know where I sit?
Yes, I do know where you sit.
I'll be there.
Okay.
I'll see you then.
I'll see you then.
How cool.
Okay.
Okay.
Dr. Bill.
Okay.
There you go.
We got the Dutch lady.
Those are people that know what life is all about.
Oh, here's a nice song.
We hate you, Torey.
Oh, yes, we do.
This is cute.
We hate you, Wayne.
That's true.
Your hockey, Pokey is old, not new.
This is kind of cute.
We don't have Boca Brian record.
Or maybe we can get what's your name to do with Forrest?
What's your name?
The sheep back in town or she's still up there in Nashville seeking her fortune?
Joe Lynn.
You know, we love you.
Oh, yeah.
I haven't heard from her.
So she must be still up there.
She's still up there in Nashville making a lot of money.
She probably forgot about us.
We love you, Panthers.
You really blow.
Yeah, remember that, son?
See, the people in this town, they don't even know who the good players are and who the deadwood
is out there.
You know, they like the big black guy named Peter is what they like.
Come on, let's have another fight.
Let's get another stupid penalty.
Come on, let's go.
I mean, just watching their behavior, watching their hysteria over this much you do about
nothing.
That tells you all you need to know.
It's hopeless.
But they keep showing up.
That's the amazing part.
There are answers in those seats.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, Bob?
Great.
Lindsey Laud.
Yeah.
What is that guy saying?
At that point, that was, I mean, the other stuff he said was so ludicrous anyway, but at
that point, I mean, you know, what's the point?
Unbelievable.
He said I'm concerned about the coaching.
I'm not concerned about it.
It sucks.
Get rid of these two guys.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think, uh...
We need some new blood in this organization.
Yes, sir.
Definitely.
You're pissed off about it.
I'm glad.
I'm pissed off and fired up about it.
That's right.
Yup.
Well, they're playing with the sense of urgency as the rim job would do.
Oh, yeah.
With the sense of urgency.
The sense of urgency for getting the season over.
I asked in the other day how he thought that they've been playing this last week.
You know, all these games that they were supposed to win?
That the chance for the playoffs, he said they start.
Yeah.
I think we need to get rid of him, top notch.
Oh, we don't start with the rimmer.
Okay.
He's just had a rough life.
He's the job.
He does.
How about Bob?
Well, he bought dinner the last time.
Don't be.
Now that I'm finally getting some free meals out of him, don't start cutting off the meal
tickets, sir.
Darker law must go.
He must go.
Go with the ticket.
Immediately if not sooner.
Goodbye, Johan.
We love you.
You're a good guy.
You never stole a freight train.
Goodbye.
Yup.
Goodbye, Johan.
Goodbye, Robbie.
Exactly.
Goodbye, Peter.
Chrissy.
Goodbye, Chrissy.
Geez.
Just because the guy big, people think he can play.
He's the way you talk about a coach.
He played Chris Wells in it.
This is before all the injuries in that Islander game last week.
He played Chris Wells almost the entire second period.
It was like an endurance contest to see how long before the kid would fall down on his
ass.
I mean, Terry Murray has displayed to me a glaring, a gaping lack of any kind of common
sense in anything related with coaching.
I haven't seen any coaching.
And the best example of that, the beginning of the end for this team, they were fumbling
their way along for a while.
But that Colorado game blowing a five-nothing lead late in the second period.
And as the whole team was crumbling, when they found out that Pavel Burry was re-indured,
wasn't coming back.
And the team said, I don't care what anybody tells you, including Scott Melonby.
Well, the team just folded up their tent at that point.
Instead of calling a timeout somewhere and saying, hey guys, we still got a two or three
goal lead here.
He just stands there with his armistold like somebody just farted in his face.
And then that's it.
And watch this game far away.
I'm going, Terry.
That was some great coaching, sweetheart.
That was pathetic.
It's also good coaching not to put Whitney on the power plane.
Right.
Oh, that's right.
What are you going to do?
Well, we like seeing Victor escape those big loop deloops.
You know, at least we won't see him tonight.
He's not feeling through this.
Yeah.
All right, Neil.
Good luck to us, sir.
Thank you.
God bless us all, like Tiny Tim said.
Let's sign Tiny Tim up.
Let's stick his ass out there in that second line.
Instead of the big black guy named Peter, I don't want to see guys that can win fights.
I want to see guys that can stick the biscuit and the basket.
Even little Thai domies got eight goals for at least this year, okay?
Guys that have actual skills, besides just going out there and doing the cool, the Gune
routine.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
If you use a cell phone and by the way, John penis man, I've turned 180 degrees on you, John.
You used to think that you were a real guy.
You've just abandoned me like a stepchild, like being set on a corner somewhere.
Like that story I was reading here about Curtis Joseph when he was a kid, adopted, grown
up with 500 aborigines or whatever it was.
That's what John penis is done to be into this show.
Just abandoned us, left us in the lurch.
How's lurch doing by the way?
Speaking of the guy with the eyes.
Suck it in and hold it.
Peter, I'd rather watch the premises.
You know that the forces pulling the strings in the government are closing down on all those
great websites we've become accustomed to.
Well, we still have the US Postal Service to rely on.
So now is the time to join the Nazi of the most poor.
With just 8.99 a month, you get the complete history of one prominent Nazi, Pastor President,
the particular group he hates in any subversive activity they may be planted.
So no matter what the race will live in an ethnic group you hate, Nazi of the month is
right up your alley.
Just call 1-800-P&H to order.
Order today and get your very own synthetic aid off mustache to impress your friends absolutely
free.
That's 1-800-P&H to order today.
It's 142 at 560-WDQ.
I guess the Josh Friedman doesn't believe...
Already seen.
...that we've been saying about him.
Because he just came in here to ask me some silly hockey question.
Right in the middle of a conversation, it was so embarrassing.
God.
Anyway, I almost forgot about this talking about embarrassing.
It's not bad enough they're naming streets after an assholes like Jorge Mascarnosa.
All this ethnic stuff.
See you Josh.
Not too soon.
It's bath week by the way.
That's what I heard.
X columnist has his day in Hollywood.
Wait till you hear this.
Remember the anxious Ron Ishoy who used to write like the gossip columnist and used to
go round to the colleges and lecturing about broadcasting and the media like he knew
something about it.
And all of that need a Raj's disgusting and I'm going to get him off the ear.
That was like 100 years ago and I'm still here.
X columnist has his day in Hollywood.
Ron Ishoy.
He's an asshole.
The Hollywood City Commission has proclaimed today Ron Ishoy Day in recognition of the
former hero columnist.
How do you like that?
Ron Ishoy always illustrated his belief that writing about the community can make it a
better place and is a professional, a year-unilist who understands that good news
papering requires intense knowledge of a community.
Said the proclamation signed by Mayor Marajoy Gulliante, who is also the way it was all
upset about the life of the beach, the teachers on the beach, offending the old farts and the
frogs.
After 20 years at the newspaper, Ishoy left the hero last month to become spokesman
for the Broward State Attorneys Office.
He's the spokesman.
And he's an asshole.
And guess what Ron, I'm still here.
I know we haven't had a Neorodgers day yet and we won't have Neorodgers Avenue, Neorodgers
Drive, Neorodgers Parkway.
We won't have Ron Ishoy Avenue, but congratulations to you.
Maybe the Mayor Marajoy Gulliante in Hollywood, maybe she likes his ass for something.
That's this town for him.
And just a bunch of pandoras and ass suckers and butt-lickers, same old tired faces, year after
year, decade after decade, same old hollow empty arguments, no speaking English and all
this other crap.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I
I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I
I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I
I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I
hate when we give tickets away. I'm so ecstatic. Thank you, Greg. You finally did something that paid off only by accident. This has brought the ignorance out of the closet in this town. I mean, just pouring out, pouring out. Now that you got that this year, I hope you sit there and watch a lot of games. There's all kinds of games on there night after night after night. It's almost the end of the season, but maybe you know, one of these days. And you watch a whole bunch of different teams. Then you learn to recognize the players in
what their names are and what teams they're on and who's the number this and number that. I mean, not that it's important, but wouldn't you think that if you're like a real fan, you would know at least Raymond Bork is number 18. I mean, just from the
humility and degraded because if people I need the insurance would agree if people don't know hockey stuff that couldn't possibly know anything, even you would agree with that. If you know what's good for you. Oh, yeah. So that car payments look there and they slip in that thing hockey is God. There you go. And if George says so, it must be a thubias and watching it ain't bad either. Yeah, he hates it, but nevertheless.
Nobody I can understand if you know nothing about it, but the call here and tell me he's a fan and he's got his dish and he's all pumped up and fired up and it's a maddle B number metal B.
And you wonder you're sitting in there. There's 19,000 bodies in seats and they haven't got a clue.
And you sit there asking yourself why are they here? And no one has a clue.
