Are you doing your draft show today, Neil?
Yes.
Okay, good.
Got more draft conversation with Neil Rogers coming up.
You're right, D-Full.
For once in your life, you're right, Tweeter.
It's a strange thing, isn't it?
It's about time.
Yeah.
You know, it was some weight.
Okay, I will.
Thanks.
QS Sports Time is 10 o'clock.
This is Sports Radio 560.
Now, will you QAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale?
So, what does that say?
Sports Radio 560.
Tell me if you will, Miami Fort Lauderdale,
as that's the Neil Rogers show to talk to Neil,
called 560.
560.
Told free for date and marriage,
or pound 560 on yourself, all.
The opinions of Neil, his guests,
callers or anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast groups.
Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560.
QAM.
More names will never be the same.
Starting this Monday,
560.
WQAM presents
Tanner in the morning.
Tanner in the morning.
Yeah.
Monday through Friday,
6am to 10am only,
on 560.
WQAM.
Why you air in shit like this?
6% to Dr. Jack.
6% to Dr. Jack.
Oh!
Look in your machine,
cause there's no turning back.
6% to Dr. Jack.
I've got no digestive tract.
And my host is dead,
I know good in the rack.
I'm looking very pale.
And my host men start to live a ring my mail.
Please help me before they throw you in jail.
Who the?
Another sick person to Dr. Jack.
I'm ready for the trip.
Talk me up to the ID and let it breathe.
Okay.
Gotta join tall rollin' hope to my road's clear.
Yeah.
Anyway, it's too late for him because the poor Dr. Jack,
he's going to jail 10 to 15 years.
You know what they said?
Or 10 to 25?
What they should have done was given him a medal.
That's what the judge should have done, that bitch.
She should have said,
I'm gonna present you with an award here.
Here's a medal.
Hang it around your neck for having a courage to stand up to this crap.
But of course, no, we gotta put him in jail
because he broke the law.
That's the American fucking way.
Right, that's right.
He broke the law.
He assisted people who wanted to die who were like in tremendous pain and suffering.
Saying, I'm dying over here.
He helped them to end the pain.
And therefore 10 to 25 because the judge, this bitch,
wow, I'm gonna show you.
You flondered that you had the audacity to go on TV and say all of these things.
And I'm gonna stick your old decaying ass in jail.
We know nobody can help you, croak.
The word is that he's gonna go on a hunger strike.
Isn't that what he's saying?
He's gonna go along, you know.
Huh?
How are you gonna tell?
Exactly, in his case.
My favorite part of the story though is the members of this is kind of like a Monti Python thing, you know.
Members of the anti-Covorkian disability rights group not dead yet.
There shouldn't be up there in Michigan.
They should be here in Florida.
We need them down here.
For about half of the population and about 70% of the population in Broward.
Not dead yet.
We're close, but we're not dead yet.
Hey, I'm getting better.
Yeah, don't be too sure.
Members of the group don't not dead yet who say he targets vulnerable people related with a sentencing yesterday.
They cheered, cried and embraced outside the courtroom, singing and chanting.
Ding dong, Jack is gone and get to jail, Jack.
And don't you come back.
Get to jail, Jack.
I kind of like that.
Oh, there's a vocal Bryant thought for you right there.
Huh?
He could put that to music easy.
Get to jail, Jack.
And don't you come back.
Yeah.
Meanwhile, while the not dead yet people were jumping up and down in glee.
The hemlock society, the right to die activists, decried the imprisonment of their most outspoken champion.
His intentions and goals were not vicious or malicious.
He was doing what he thought was to help to somebody that said,
shall live or more, hemlock of Michigan president.
Hemlock society.
They've been around a long time.
Back in the old days when we used to do those boring interviews on talk shows,
there was always somebody from the hemlock society on, like at least once a week.
And of course, again, like I said in Florida, this is a perfect place for it.
The not dead yet crowd, we need them.
Not dead yet, but getting closer by the second.
Got the city link in front of you, by the way.
The annual best of, we already did the new times about a month ago.
And now we have the city link.
That should kill some good time today, especially Susan Barardi's choice.
Now, what does she do over there?
This is one of the staff members who also make their picks.
Yes.
What does she do?
She writes.
writes what?
Crap of our French Canadians.
That'll take you, Susan.
My favorite thing in the whole thing, and boy, this station, they licked our ass.
In fact, we all have a sore rectum today just because of the ass looking from the city link.
Which we thank them for profusely, by the way.
Even though the reader's choice was the anxious at best, we'll get to that.
Well, I guess you must have voted on that.
You like Castor Nova.
I do.
Yeah.
About as much as you like to get perimeter.
No, I like Castor Nova much, much more.
Oh, okay.
I like I said.
But my favorite one of the whole deal, and I have to temper the thing about pizza law.
Because he gets too much free publicity anyway, Jeff.
And yes, they did pick him as the best pizza in, where is it?
In Southwest Broward between 595 and Griffin Road on the west side, on the east side, whatever side.
No, certainly they got a category here for best pizzas.
I mean, I guess they must have a lot of people advertising in the city link in this rack.
They got best pizza in Fort Lauderdale, Louis, Louis, best for Hollywood, Southeast, Broward, Capone, Flickr Life, best for Southwest Broward, pizza law.
Best in West Broward, La Torreta, best place for pizza in Northwest Broward, pizza time, best place on your block, Rosa and Pasquale's in Northeast.
I mean, you know, so as much as we love ponytail, and we're delighted for him that he got the recognition there by city link.
I wouldn't get to a side of it.
In fact, were there any pizza places that didn't get best of within the two block radius?
No.
But my favorite of all the food reviews in here is because I agree wholeheartedly, best place for steak expensive in Broward, Ruth's Kris steakhouse.
Oh, yeah.
I could just move in there, you know what?
I love that place.
I'm just obsessed with Ruth's Kris.
In fact, I'm going there this weekend.
Instead of going out, this is a tough choice.
Instead of going to the Panther game on Saturday against Tampa Bay Saturday night, which of course is a good excuse not to be able to take somebody who he'll be working
one of your favorite people that night will be televising the game.
One of your very favorite people in the world.
I told him yesterday, I said, oh, we're going to Ruth's Kris Saturday, but I forgot you can't go.
You're doing that stupid hockey game.
Can't go.
Oh, damn it.
Well, we're still going anyway.
Through Ruth's Kris.
It says, if you enjoy corn fed Midwestern USDA Prime V if you're going to pay dearly for the Ruth's Kris, that much is certain.
And since high end steak houses offer only all a card menus, you'll pay for appetizers, salads, potatoes, and vegetables, not to mention dessert.
Who each deserves you guys?
Stakes are brought with 1800 degrees and served with butter on heated plates for that extra sizzle and supplementary dose of cholesterol.
It says, whichever Ruth does, doesn't understand the whole cholesterol thing, which I'll get to.
The petite fillet is the least expensive at 21.95, people on cost 29.95, Porterhouse for two will sit you back 58 bucks.
And it goes on, man, it says, good yes, expensive yes, worth it, you decide.
Yeah, it's worth it.
And then some, even if you're paying yourself, and if somebody else is paying, or if they're picking up the tab, it's really well worth it.
By the way, getting back to those advantage bars, I'll get to that in a second.
I apologize profusely if anybody went out and bought those yesterday.
I'm sorry.
I'll never say that again.
In fact, I'm going to, I'm going to really go nuts on those things today.
At the great expense, at the great risk of pissing off my good friend Dr. Bob Atkins, your advantage bars blow.
Okay, they blow, they suck, get them off the market before other people want to nauseous with high blood sugar of 200, by the way.
But I'll get into that. Got a lot of good crap for you today.
Of course, the draft, that's the big topic.
My favorite call in the morning, the guy that guy John, I called depot and was ripping the ass, I enjoyed that part of it.
But then he gets to this thing, you understand depot, what you don't want to understand.
Most people care about the draft.
And I went, yeah, about the NFL draft, not about drafting, you know, kids to send to you with sloppy.
Your mornings will never be the same.
Starting this Monday on 560 WQAM, it's the morning mayor, Herb Oscar Anderson.
Now follow again.
Here's my best of you.
Are you guys all praying?
I'm all scared.
Wake up, your Oscar Anderson, Monday, Group Friday, 6 p.m.
Only on 560 WQAM.
Clean up, clean up the brown thing in your underwear.
Clean up, clean up, put on a thousand hairs.
Clean up, clean up the cumstrings right here on your seat.
Clean up, clean up whenever you eat your meat.
Clean up, clean up, try some dune shit works, but back.
Clean up, clean up whenever you have that.
Okay, that's the end of 560 WQAM.
Let's take a quick poll here on this, okay?
Quick, instant poll, screen list, don't answer them.
5607 0560, our poll question, you care about the NFL draft,
and part two, should we do another hockey show with Rimmer?
Now, why are you making a face like that?
I think you might be surprised at the outcome of this poll, huh?
No.
You care about the draft, and you want to hear another hockey show
with the voice of the Panthers, Jeff Rimmer, and all those people that we used to have on.
Which is your just 5607 0560, count 560 on a mobile one line.
WQAM.
Jeff Rimmer and all of them.
Hello, yes, sir.
Yeah, so it's going to do the poll?
Yeah, you care about the draft?
Okay, you couldn't even get the words out.
Yeah, you want to do the right, okay?
I want to have an eye, okay.
You're hired, put them on the weekends.
WQAM.
No way, baby, I have a life.
I guess that was done both, does that what you saying?
Yeah, both.
WQAM.
Hello, poll.
Yes, the draft is for idiots, and keep Rimmer off the air.
Okay.
Oh, come on.
See, and I'm not going to say that you put me up to this, but you didn't.
This is my own idea.
WQAM.
In the words of Buffalo Bill?
No.
I'm both.
Thank you.
I guess you meant no.
WQAM.
Hey, George.
Yes?
Oh, Neil.
Yes, oh, Neil.
Hey, Neil, Neil.
Oh, my god, I remember the IOT days when they would pretty much shut the damn radio station down
just to do a live draft coverage.
You remember that, Fiat?
Yes, I do.
You know, I do not ever want to hear, see or smell the draft again.
Okay, and Rimmer?
You can.
Rimmer?
Hey, he has a good job.
What can I say?
But, should we do a hockey show?
You know what?
I hate to say it, but even though I love to hear you talk about it, I'm kind of sick of hockey myself.
Okay, thank you.
I guess that was a...
No.
Come on, does anybody want to hear a hockey show with Rimmer?
No.
Huh?
WQAM.
No draft.
Don't care about the draft.
Yes.
And Rimmer, but don't share your...
Okay.
Okay.
Sounds like sour grapes to me.
WQAM.
No.
No way, no, I'm not in New York.
Not in other words.
Okay.
What are they trying to say?
No.
56670560, PON 560, the Automobile One Limerty, an instant pull.
You care about the NFL draft.
You want to hear any more about...
Did you have a life where you care about the draft?
So you're in spite of what that John Asshole said there were depots this morning?
Most of us care about...
No, the sports nerds, they care about the draft.
Those are the only people that give a flying fart about the draft, okay?
But a hockey show with Rimmer?
WQAM.
No, and hell, no.
Okay, thank you.
WQAM.
No, no, not that.
Okay, I think they're a little hostile about the second part of this question, you know what?
I think they're a little bit psychotic about it.
Well, I think back to those shows.
WQAM.
And there.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, I'm looking forward to listening to the draft.
I'm not going to be in front of my TV set, but I will be listening.
Yes.
And no to Rimmer.
Okay, thank you.
So there's a lady who does care about the draft, but still don't want to hear Rimmer.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, so the draft is leading Rimmer by one.
That's, I mean, that's a shot, you know?
That's unbelievable.
I'd be depressed here in that.
WQAM.
Uh, yes, Neil.
Yes sir.
No squared, okay, thank you.
Wonder what Peter Marshall would say about that.
WQAM.
A hell-boggled in the draft, and I'll take Rimmer and Peter Bondra's spot.
Okay.
WQAM.
The draft blows in Soda's Rimmer.
Oh!
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
What do they try to say, huh?
Oh.
Is that what they're trying to say?
WQAM.
Yes, no.
Yes, no.
Yes, no.
Yes, stop.
In that order?
Right.
Okay, thank you.
That was good.
Yes, no.
Good.
Good job, sir.
WQAM.
No, no more ring jobs.
Okay.
WQAM.
Uh, no, and yes.
Yes?
Yes?
Like Rimmer.
Maybe they'll talk about Satan.
This is Rimmer.
Is this Rimmer?
This is...
I'm not...
Rimmer.
Yeah, this is Rimmer.
You're not fooling.
Not Rimmer.
Okay, I'll talk to you later, Rimmer.
That was him doing a voice, wasn't it?
Or was that...
He was either Don Johnson or Rimmer.
Okay, that right now.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Uh, speaking ill.
Speaking.
Oh, no, and bring that Tony for hockey.
Bring back who?
Sonny.
Well, I wouldn't...
I mean, that's a shot, you know?
When they said they'd rather have a dead man doing the games?
WQAM.
Hi.
Hello?
Yes.
I am still here.
Okay.
Yes, do you want to care about the NFL draft?
Hell no.
And you want to hear a hockey show with Jeff?
I would rather hear Joey Reynolds than I'd rather hear Rimmer.
And you'd rather be dead than here Joey Reynolds, right?
Oh, I loved Joey.
I love it.
Joey's coming.
Joey's starting Monday morning as a matter of fact.
All right.
Okay, thank you.
So she doesn't want to hear Rimmer with a hockey show.
She wants to hear Joey Reynolds.
Oh, man.
That's unbelievable.
You know why Joey's coming back?
I have my nose up kneels and ask.
That's the answer, right?
WQAM.
Hi there.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, the last time I cared about a draft, it was one that was blowing up my skirt.
It sounds like the nun.
The erst nun.
Yeah, it is.
Oh, I said a nun.
No hockey either.
You can talk about hockey.
Yeah, but no Rimmer.
No Rimmer.
Okay.
God bless you.
Even the erst nun don't want to hear him.
I don't want to make him feel bad, but he was giving me a bunch of crappiestes today.
So, paranoid inside Cotta.
Oh, you're a rip of me.
Well, the seats were bad.
Rimmer, there were terrible seats.
There were a million miles away, you know?
And I have no problem that I could see you handing it up up there in a press box for my benefit.
I have no problem with that.
I don't mind seeing the press box.
I don't really care about that.
They foster a Hewitt Memorial Gondola.
I just wanted to see the game, which if I were to get a good seats, I could have seen the game.
And I would have probably been within, you know, see the problem in my section was,
the reason I finally figured it out, the reason the people were so combitose,
they're so far away, they couldn't really see what was going on anyway.
So, they just figured out we'll eat some food and shmuz and walk back and forth
and pass our credit cards up and down and a few loonies and tunis.
And that's it, because we can't see what's going on out there.
We're too far away.
WQAN.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
No, I'll have to get out of Sranthell.
Okay, so we got Joey Reynolds and Alice Rantell so far over Grimoran Hockey.
WQAN.
I'm going to pick up Kuro.
Okay, thank you.
Oh, God, they're good.
WQAN.
Yes, yes, to the draft.
And I don't know who Rimmer is, but I'm rather intrigued in how he got his name.
And bring that micrinary.
Okay, okay, Riner is going to be starting Monday by the way.
WQAN.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I say yes to RIN job and no to RIN.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
One of your is another one.
That's all I care about, man.
Bracken.
Cool.
Cool to one dinga.
Those are the only two words you need.
No, they'll give you a driver's license to little beat a bullbrown to it.
You're ready to rock and roll, baby.
WQAN.
Yes, no.
Okay, thank you.
WQAN.
Anyone who listens to the draft get up.
Pack and write.
Okay.
Didn't stick around for the other answer, I guess.
WQAN.
Yes, no to the draft.
Yes, I think we're good to be.
Okay, thank you, Ken.
Ken Block.
WQAN.
Hello?
In the native tongue of the Lexi Ocean, the yet to the draft and the yet to Rimmer.
Okay.
It's possible.
WQAN.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, let Rimmer do a show on the end of our draft.
So keep away from hockey.
Okay, good.
Now there's an idea.
That's going to kill two turds with one stone.
I like that.
That's not bad.
WQAN.
Yeah, I, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I would say dodge the draft and no rimming allowed on your shelf.
Okay, thank you.
WQAN.
Hey, Neil, those seats weren't that bad and you couldn't beat the price.
Yeah.
Yes, for Rimmer.
Okay, there you go.
That was Rimmer again.
That's two times he's called in trying to disguise his voice.
WQAN.
Yes?
And yes.
Rimmer in a show with Dino.
Oh, now with Dino.
Yeah.
How about Rimmer with a show with Bino?
Dino's not feeling good.
How about Bino Cook?
You're not out of here.
See even the one.
They can't even do it with a straight face.
WQAN.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The dolphins are going to pick K-Bit-Nound, but heck no to Rimmer.
Yeah, okay.
WQAN.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, E-Nound, myth Rimmer.
WQAN.
Yeah, it's Rimmer.
Bring back little Tommy Dunham Burger if he can drive.
WQAN.
Why?
That's what George did when we got when I got second to do those hockey shows.
Why?
And the whole audience would be calling up during the entire...
It was always around lunchtime, too, you know.
Not that there was anybody sucking around for a free lunch.
But the whole audience would be calling up screaming...
Oh, look at that.
That won't work anymore.
What is that all about?
Why?
Is he doing this?
They used to get a little psychotic.
That's what you say.
Now, I have no way of knowing that.
I think that's just because you've got your...
What?
We're doing screenless.
That is sterical because he's not on.
Yeah.
So in other words, you're saying if we did that hockey show and he was in here?
Saying, I told you do a hockey show and do a lot of movies.
I'm not going to do the hockey show.
And do screenless and let him hear the people psychotic, hysterical screaming and screaming.
Are you going to...
Why?
Is he doing this?
What is he doing?
Has he lost his mind?
Yes.
You'll wear the dump button out in an hour.
Really?
Okay.
Okay, that's enough kill at pole.
Okay, that was, I think we finally got the message.
Most of these people didn't give a crap about the draft because we're going to have the real sports nerds, most of them.
We have some sports fans, but we don't have the real sports nerds,
like they have uncertain other shows on this Estacion.
And the remember thing was virtually unanimous except the two times he called in trying to disguise his voice.
I mean, how would a guy have...
I would anybody in the audience have known if the seats were good or bad unless they were there.
And there was nobody in this audience there except me and Rimmer.
They sucked the seats were...
I mean, you know, I'm not holding a grudge about that.
You know, if those hockey shows were great, I would overlook the fact that he got me really crappy garbage seats a million miles away from where he was.
And I would say that everything was going on.
Even after I bought him a great lunch at that great Delhi, whatever the hell name of this in downtown Toronto.
What's the name of it?
What's the name of the goddamn place I go over?
Well, the flower factory, I don't know.
The lollipop...
Oh my god, my mind is turning the yellow just from the notion...
Powderkage or something.
Now you've heard me tell the pickle barrel.
There it is. Something like that.
Powderkage was close.
Your mornings will never be this day.
On 5.60pm, WQAM, starting this Monday.
It's the return of those two wacky guys in the morning.
Turlin and Nick B.
All right.
The 10am Monday through Friday.
Only on 5.60pm, WQAM.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It mixes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the bolt of yellow.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
When the eye bolt falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
Then it has to hold it out.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's what I have to get.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
To rub it on my front.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to try and treat my skin through.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Darkness.
I squeeze my TV and my legs, I see.
Darkness.
I like to tan around his waist.
Oh, my.
All the loves quiet today.
I said, oh, my.
I want to look more like a wolf.
My name is Pablo Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It takes it more by skin.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my PPE.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I've got my skin through the upper leg.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much is it?
The lotion.
The lotion.
His body.
His body.
His body.
His body.
His body.
His body.
Okay.
We got somebody a little bit hysterical this morning.
I apologize profusely.
We threw somebody way off his feet and off the facts
is already okay, you're killing our paper pal.
He says on the football draft and no infinity on
and then it goes on, we've got seven pages so far.
That's enough, we get to play pal.
Let's say, no, river.
No, river.
He says about those hockey shows you did with river?
They stuck, yeah, that's what he says.
No, river.
No, river.
Over, no.
Page after page.
Obviously this poor bastard is like, we put him right to the edge.
Don't do it pal.
Dr. Jack, I'm going to play with you.
Don't say it like, it's behind bars.
Don't do it.
Oh, god.
And tell us to stop calling by the way.
Yeah, stop calling us Jeff.
Okay.
And this is a true story.
He's calling and saying, everybody else is saying no.
And what does that mean?
We can sell it when he's on.
Employing that you don't have to buy.
Like, wherever we have a shortage of spots on his show.
Is that what he's saying?
A shortage of spots.
And who can't sell it as good as that Sunday night sure we doing will JD there?
That Sunday night suck fast.
they're doing but uh... what can i tell you
anyway getting back to important stuff i'll get to the city lengthening a
little while in your good friend susan bararrady by the way
a season by fun goal of sweetheart
i'll get to that
but at any rate first let's start with this doctor i can't advantage bar showing
i'll get here yesterday ready to put my gun sound
i'm gonna tell you exactly what happened to me yesterday i have no i have
no concrete evidence other than what happened to me
i can cheer my own personal experience no it wasn't another
and the pants it wasn't that even worse
i went home now the only thing that you were witness i had no breakfast i don't
eat breakfast i had no lunch i had the two atkins advantage bars yesterday
which tasted like crap
to be polite
to be couple and we crap would be an upgrade okay to make a lot of story
short they start they were horrible
and i looked on the uh... labels there were the ingredients and it gives you
that propaganda i hope that bob link it is listening right now and maybe
even doctor bob and anybody else out there who's peddling
see the atkins died i believe in the one not losing an ounce i still weigh
exactly the same on my scale today i'm stuck there i'm going nowhere but at any
way
i believe in the diet but one of the time talk about marketing swill
he said and we have one guy yesterday calling and pretending that it was
probably rumor
pretending that he likes these there's nobody would taste that bad okay because
anybody ever had any of these would immediately say the worst
your dog your periket wouldn't touch this with its pecker okay
so i looked on the label and here's this crap about total carbs only two
grams even though it tastes like garbage
at least it's filling and it's all makes you nauseous
and it goes on about what what would be asterisks blister in a product of uh...
triglyceride fat breakdown has been omitted from the total carbide
raccontents is an only converts to a negligible amount of glucose in the body
well guess what doctor bob
had to be bars a little bit of a turd that peanut butter one that's all i
had i go home my blood sugar when i left the house yesterday was seventy
four which is great
and you know
what i got home yesterday
three o'clock
blood sugar of two hundred
i got news for i take my blood sugar in the morning when i get up and then
in the afternoon when i get home every day before i go to bed at night three
times a day
two hundred
which can only mean since these were the only things i consume in my big fat
plus yesterday
that whatever it says on here about rebe reloan carbs
et cetera and so on is a pile of
the case like crap
so please i'm begging the people at my public store there are by the saw
grass
don't get these in stock please don't do it because then some sluppers are
going to come in there and say see these on the display somewhere all those
of the advantage bars we heard near riders talking about who may have heard
only the beginning of yesterday show
you know i'm saying they move only heard part of it i don't want to be
responsible for anybody in this
swill
yeah so let me just suggest this forget about sweet okay forget about candy
forget about sweet forget about whipped cream forget about jello just get off
that crap okay
in fact i want to public last night and the over by the deli area you know
where you get the stuff fresh i'd be like taking a number
one of the recover numbers in there at any rate back boys but seriously so i
they have a uh... whole thing now the new deal in my public where they have all
these fresh sliced up its package you know but it's their own brand
and i and i was very careful i got stuff only that has zero card the stuff
that's is less than one well that's fine but maybe it's like three quarters of
a gram for each slice of cheese or me to wherever you need to by the time you
at all up you got a lot of carbohydrates here so i get the cheeses to meet
that they're all like that's a really great corn be
good stuff zero
and they had uh... some other like a pork uh... role something man
i had a pork in my mouth and days like that
maybe a couple days and then uh... some cheeses that had zero cards good stuff
so if you want to snack eat that stuff forget about sweet forget about all of
these things okay
because if you're going to and another thing
now this peanut butter one of the stuff that have the g-e can somebody tell me
how to pronounce that right you don't know
and it's either g or g
as in g uh... they start right
but one of the bars maybe was the uh... first one i had yesterday
and we don't have the labels and more because they're long gone it had g in it
g-a-t-e
and i saw that in a dawn on me that i just read one of these books which i'm
going to get to admit the heart revolution by dr. kilmer mcculley
who writes about homo-sistine and homo a lot of homo stuff
and about uh...
g
and how it's really bad for you
and will clog your arteries you'll be going
all right
after you eat it
and that's in there
so i would only doctor bob you should do a little bit better homework on the
stuff that they're peddling in your name because it is really it tastes like
it feels like it uh... makes your blood sugar go up like
and it's got some of them have g in it which is also a bunch of not good not
good stuff sweetheart
just here to try to tell it like it is okay to protect you from yourself
to protect us from ourselves as we desperately search
for the beautiful perfect body and for health
morning will never be the same on five sixty
w q a m
starting this monday
it's the big carhuna
roby young
from six to ten a m monday through friday
only on five sixty
w q a m
ladies have you always wanted large breath
but we're afraid of weeks from silicon implants
well worry no more
introducing new kea bra
that's right
the same technology that made the popular kea pet
can now be used to enhance your bloodline
just spread on the scene
water you prove daily and they'll grow
grow grow
don't be a pancake patty
being missal Melissa
with new kea bra
call before midnight tonight
one eight hundred big eight four eight seven
that's one eight hundred big eight four eight seven
you figure out
kea bra
i got a better one than that to give me a great marketing idea for a
lot of people in this town especially the draught next
a kea life
yeah the shape of anything you want you know and you just that's got the
little uh... things there and you just keep watering it and a life spot
right out of nowhere
oh my god look at that
kea life
for the draught next for the draft holes
hey you think the uh... where's the get a quarter back in the first round
oh man this is the time of the year brings out the real desperate was man
the people would know not even a semblance of a life
so anyway about those hockey shows
okay let's get back to this book the heart revolution by kilmer mcculley md
which i mentioned the last week about
homo cysteine
leave it to a homo to know about homo cysteine which i'm waiting for that test
result by the way
hey doctor mark on the yesterday was in a lot better for him i'm in the
worst of the day before
and give me some of my results uh... which are pretty good cholesterol still
a little bit high though
got a work on a cholesterol
now that i'm off at hc t that might just do it you know that goose is your
cholesterol up there
my target was arrived a drop from one twelve to ninety four i do like that
just three weeks
at any rate you want to hear about that
however speaking of all this panic about cholesterol
and uh... dr mcculley in the book tells you about all this uh... what i've
been told you for two years now this low fat revolution is a bunch of
bull crap
because uh... you know it's just a process garbage is what it is
processed crap
loaded with cholesterol by the way
but he says only cholesterol that contains extra oxygen atoms oxy and by
the way that's the which i get to a minute
oxy cholesterol is harmful to our arteries
oxy cholesterol is our creative uncertain food that process let's take the
classic example of eggs
the local uh... advocates have us believe in that eggs are evil we know that
egg yolks contain cholesterol which is used to make the cells and tissues
of the developing chick
in fresh eggs the cholesterol is protected from the oxygen of here by the
eggshell and antioxidants in the yoke eating fresh eggs
doesn't damage arteries because the cholesterol is pure but when the egg
yolks are sprayed right in the process of making powdered eggs oxy cholesterol
is formed
sprayed right at the everywhere
using many package food like cookies
crackers and other commercial prepared baked goods because they're easier to
handle the fresh eggs
what's worth it was the ingredients label just list them as eggs you can't even
tell if they're the food you're eating
the same goes for powdered milk which also contains oxy cholesterol the bad
ones
this type of cholesterol is highly damaging the arteries has been proven to
cause arse arterioschloradic
plaques
it's not only prepared baked goods are contained oxy cholesterol
fast food restaurants are havin for these deadly fed
typically these places
fry a lot of their food when chicken for instance is fried in cooking oil
some of its cholesterol converts to oxy cholesterol
if the cooking oil is not discarded after each use oxy cholesterol is
begin to build up in the world and any food cooked in it for example french
fries
which they put mayonnaise on by the way an Amsterdam
becomes liberally laced with oxy cholesterol
you think most fast food of food restaurants change the oil in their
fires after each use
if you must eat fast food restaurants avoid the fried foods altogether
says
now getting back to this gist up
he says the cholesterol in the cream of whole milk also becomes contaminated by
oxy cholesterol milk is sprayed right to make powdered milk
buttersons contains cholesterol is susceptible to formation of oxy cholesterol
if butter is heated for prolonged periods
twenty four to forty eight hours the oxygen in the surrounding air begins to
react to the cholesterol and butter to produce oxy cholesterol the bad stuff
the
the heated butter used in Indian cooking is a classic example
in a 1987 study of Indian immigrants living in London
an increased risk of heart disease was observed this was traced to their consumption of
G G H E E
the oxy cholesterol of G evidently was causing accelerated arteriosclerosis
and coronary heart disease at an early age the oxy cholesterol we eat in
powdered eggs fried foods heated butter and powdered milk
is more likely to damage arteries and cause heart disease
on the other hand if you fresh eggs butter milk or food saute in olive oil
your arteries will not be harmed for all the non-believers reading this I'll say it
again
oxy cholesterol is the only kind of cholesterol that can cause
artery damage he says
therefore if you're on a low cholesterol diet trying to reduce your heart disease
what matters is that you restrict your oxy cholesterol intake
but you know what happens at a low cholesterol diet typically people give up
ice cream and eat low fat cookies instead
a low cholesterol diet is often filled with highly processed
low fat crackers and low fat desserts that actually contain more damaging
oxy cholesterol and fewer nutrients that have died containing fat
essentially this is a prime example of why the low fat
low cholesterol diet doesn't work in reducing heart disease in fact it increases
your chances of getting the disease
boy says Dr. Remacoli
but you like that
so ghee which is in this product that we were eating here yesterday which is
supposed to be a product that's so good for you and one of the reasons by the
way it tastes so bad
if you look on the ingredients it's got all these vitamins that's what has
that kind of like medicinal awful nasty stale taste to it
see I can take my vitamins and I do a lot of them
in a pill and so can anybody else in fact a doctor is always recommending
doctor records all these things he's got that megabyte of
nutrient that new book is all the stuff that he wants you to take fine
but don't put in a goddamn food bar
huh I mean when I have my great stake in root script I want them to put a
whole bunch of vitamin E and panathetic acid and stick that in the
stake while they're cooking it I don't think so
I'd rather hear a hockey show first before I do that and I would rather die
than do another one of those awful hockey show they start oh they were bad
we were just reminiscing about how every time we get into that stuff during the
hockey season time of year the trend would come out and it would be
in the crapper ratings would take a dive in fact that would be another good
instant pull right now all the people they've veterans of this show who used to
listen to iod when we did those hockey shows since we've never done one here
have we we don't want to hear no oh thank god I finally wise up
what was that time I had off chance to clear my brain out you know
or maybe there's a chance in the in the Eden Center some of that cleared my
brains out a little bit came to my senses so if there's any people out there that
turned it off and got upset when rumor was on on iod and turn the station off
let's do a couple of minutes of that and find out I could be wrong five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one I'll get them don't mind you
do why are you doing that that's bad this is another one of our stories
instant polls you saw the tremendous reaction we had to that
I mean I don't want to be a dead horse but I'm just I'm wondering if what you're saying
is an exaggeration if people actually turned this show off if it was detrimental to
this show when we did that those shows in iod we want to hear about it because
obviously it's my livelihood I can't afford to hurt the show just to give
somebody else's ego a big boost and a free lunch wqa am I like to have to show
see see there you go that's him again that was not him everybody that calls now
you think it was him he keeps calling you're psychotic everybody everybody who
calls today you're going to say that was rumour you're starting to get like
standing only the ones that are him you're worse than stand made you're now
wqa am hello speak to me
you can't do it again because you're on them wqa am
meal yes sir I love the hot to show that there you go
wqa and that wasn't him qa am I know listen to you no matter what guess you had
on even boy carry or whatever okay thank you see i think i think you've been
leading me down the garden path just because you have this you have this conflict i
don't know what it is with the two of you guys you have to have that free lunch that he's
supposed to buy for you one day with dinner oh by the way that's our poll question today the
serious one which will George get first which of these two will he get first the two hundred
dollars that Greg Rito is in for about five months now for being the employee of the months
several months ago for about the last 18 months or the free dinner that rumour was going to give
him for dubbing a bunch of stuff on a cassette for him a couple years ago which is George going
to get first the free meal from rimmer or the two hundred dollars from Greg Rito or neither of the
above or will he live long enough to see either one of them no wqa am and they up yes sir
yes well one more time no to the draft no no we already did that get out of here see he's still
doing the last question wqa am hockey blue wqa and qa and hello
they can't respite can you respond the question it was a very specific question i don't want these
Johnny come lately i want our veteran audience out there i want the nilies out there did they turn
those shows off when jeff rar was on we were talking about Mike Lang and don't share all those great
hockey shows that George resented because he's not into into it you know what i'm saying they
stuck wqa am i yeah i like the hockey show i don't know wqa am i agree with you that shows
you pretty good okay thanks wqa am do you stonk wqa am i remember why don't you go back to broadcast
school you a hockey bastard wqa am hey nil yes sir i would say on the pole no and no
neither and napalters in armpit okay well yeah the guy from napal's Italy that called yesterday by
the way it sucks okay it's a horrible place i i talked to 752 guinea's last night and they all
said oh my god hot chip piki a napalete fat what they said fat wqa am he has a wife you know
wqa am i do know that that's your reason i speak to him he has a nice wife wqa am did i like the
hockey shows no was jeff remember a talent no did i tell oh and get more where you go what was it
go ahead two two two i see did he turn him off he never said he was going to say i caught him
right there in midstream and he's going to actually be spotted the question you're right about
one thing though they are emotional about this they're very emotional about this topic make no
mistake about it wqa am crap did i hear that right did this guy say crap does anybody say
wqa am all right nil no veteran here no hockey no none the no the none co-little while you're
wqa am rather than with him for rush limbaugh than hockey wqa am yes that helps us him cool and healthy
wqa am yeah i turn it right off okay right off that must be the guy from the facts machine who
finally come down i pray wqa am that was a rumor qa m hello qa m
just being a jess bouda just wqa m
okay wqa m hello rumor sucks okay okay wqa m yeah nil yes sir hey the hockey shows were
often and they were really timely too because at that time everybody was desperate because we had
a hockey team in south Florida yeah and now that we don't have one okay i guess now that we
don't have it as one wqa m nil yes i hear fags in the church wqa m
hey miel yes sir i want to wish your team luck tonight against the bees
yeah um good luck to you against the bees who's playing the broan
Toronto no they're not no all right quick they're playing the islanders tonight oh okay get it right
see there's another knowledgeable fan wish my team luck tonight against the bees well guess what
the bees ain't playing the leaves okay the leaves are playing the islanders in Toronto night how do you
like that hey see if you want to start if you want to start that's another reason why the hell we
should do those shows these people don't know anything about it even though what's their claim
that they do they're playing against the islanders with Felix Potham is back in line of who played
that unbelievable game stop in 55 shots and a four two and over jersey two nights ago how do you
like that sir i know my stuff okay good luck against the bees i think you got bees in your
bonnet okay sir i think you're full of crap like most of the other mavens we got down here
hockey shows jesus christ how out when we're gonna start doing some harness racing shows too uh
there you go i have Georgie Brennan on with Howard Parker they got some time on her hands
gym mandates talks more rock and right here on sports radio 560
okay okay we got hangover from chula state two at two o'clock six o'clock tonight we got
the talking baseball with donny b any interest in that no and then six thirty five the marlins and
the met again jesus christ they play every day don't they the two marlins at the met again six thirty five
and if you're gonna be listening for the panther game tonight the second the last ever christ
more broadcast on this radio station the panthers and uh muckfrey al-kate khananians then you'll
have to turn over to waxy seven ninety because the panthers of course take a hind seat to those
almighty marlin huh they suck kind uh wheel to the marlins by the way is betcom gonna be singing
the national anthem tonight of the western candidate i hope i sure hope so because we're going to
the game not to see the path isn't the kind of the end but to see betcom and sing the national
anthem because she's the best you're the best we don't at least you'd add that category in here
in the yesy delink here's my any hello ain't no yes sir um zero hockey and well you know that i
sports down by no means and any pro-bond director that would have jifremer in the air all i
got to say is oh my god the man is a maniac oh boy i told you they're a little bit emotional about
that you didn't believe me did you are getting back to city link now that we've kind of cleared the
air here so to speak that killed her now and that was good any interest in my gene by the
they don't care about that stuff i read i'm giving you some really good information by the way
i'm giving you some really heavy do these stuff and uh you know do with it what you want
as Sally would say just to get in your brain and to make some use of it okay
oxy cholesterol don't get sucked in all this baloney about eating steaks and eating butter and eggs
by the way what do we have them for lunch today let's talk about the important stuff what we're
gonna have for lunch today now that my life is destroyed without those meatballs i can't have the
the steak yeah over there what's she's in on how about something a little bit different okay
don't you understand oh there's joca still off i thought for just a minute he died his hair orange
or something just look at that i'm the it looks like he frosted it one uh two hairs
he's going gray one of the other am i right he's got like he frosted it a long time ago
how about his hair so at any rate what are we going to have for lunch today from our good friend
chug or from anywhere it doesn't have to be from chucks we could do pizza lot
how long sure his balls have uh bread crumbs on him and his meatballs probably too
you know that was the disgusting thing i was just i just had the vision of Jeff Cohen running naked
through the kitchen at the pizza lot that's a disgusting vision well how else would you get bread
crumbs on your i guess we'll just do what like you said the steak the chopped up steak but not like
the last time you made it uh nesey you're wonderful but she made the cheese she melted the cheese
so much it was like watery remember that it was like soupy remember soupy what time is
this show on okay let's reminisce about all those great old people used to be on what's my
line our lean frances Bennett serve he's dead soupy sales who else was on that show John Charles
daily he's dead uh-huh anybody else Dorothy kill gallon buried that uh-huh and you know why she's
dead don't you geek too much geek no i had nothing to do with geek oh geek carbono remember him
from the Montreal Canadians remember him no i didn't think he would from the adalustars i'm sorry
no seriously um formally from the Montreal Canadians she knew too much about the bobby kennedy assassination
didn't you ever read that you know you got to get out a little bit more you got to start
meeting about stuff you know that that beyond the boundaries of uh the carolinas would be good
so speaking about beyond the boundaries here's the press the oh we got another break
haha haha haha haha well i can't afford to get any further behind i apologize it's turned our
shoulder pure instant crap today because the audio vault cracked out and we don't have a backup
one like we used to a paxon because this cheap passoff it can only afford one first one unit
per studio that's why guilty is on and around that morning show they don't want to have too many
units in out of that studio and he hasn't had one but uh so unlike the paxon people want you know
paxon was an asshole and he still is and a phony baloney and a goody two shoes and destroyed
everything in his wake but at least they spent money we had equipment there that nobody needed nobody
ever heard of nobody knew how it worked but we had it if they invented it we had here it's like
uh uh like this great car machine we got over here let me let me do anybody want to buy a car
machine uh no in fact that's the next poll question which would you rather buy this used car
machine or spots on a marlin games any takers no you want to buy some cheap spots on a marlin
game come on you want to build that stadium right next door to your house would you go
if they gave it the tickets for free and a certificate for uh we need no would you go
building a stadium I'm going to take it upon myself personally I will do everything in my power
everything personally responsible I take it on my own big broad slope shoulders to do whatever
I can to prevent one penny of public funds to be built for another god damn stadium in this area
thank you you're welcome god damn it
crazyness crazyness all these people ripping off you know just feeding it to public
draw for a bunch of yeah I was watching about two minutes ago in Montreal game last night the
I'm not talking a hockey game I'm talking about the baseball game the expose the paper this morning says
5500 people if there were a thousand people there last night it was a lot and guess what they're
trying to get them to do in Montreal build a new stadium for them downtown and speaking of Joe
Rosen the San Francisco Giants I saw about two minutes of that game last night and they pan through
the crowd the crowd the crowd were all in disguises invisible people's red seats they were in
disguise that you couldn't complain about the crowd there because there wasn't any and they're
building a new stadium downtown there's a story oh
if there's a
I'm gonna take off my shoes
drip off my dress
it makes me wet when I see you get a big ira
rags
uh that's too big for my mouth
I want it mercenary and a top of you and take it up my lubricated food
okay give me an ira
examined
see
people
We don't know what that was, that popping clicking, clicking, clicking, clicking, clicking,
well the audience started to get used to it, they were listening to QA, I mean of course
even when we don't have a technical problem there's a lot of popping and clicking going on.
Before I get to the city link stuff, which you'll kill, that are to kill about five, six hours,
I think they have to wait. Here's a story that certainly didn't get much publicity,
thank God, and it was buried way down on the bottom of the page in the Scum Centrelus morning
on the inside page two or three. Oh there it is again, now I'm starting to get concerned,
did you hear that? Did you hear that popping puke there, whatever that was?
What the hell was that? Wait a minute, listen carefully. There it is again.
Oh, seriously, it's popping and puke-ing time here at QAM. Well listen, just plot ahead, okay?
Just plot ahead, we don't have time to stop, we gotta make sure we get all the spots in.
Simpson slightly injured, in Tussle with gunman is the headline on the story here,
and of course the Simpson they're talking about is none other than-
Oh man.
Oh Jay. Los Angeles, oh Jay Simpson was slightly injured on Tuesday when he struggled with a gunman KCBS TV reported.
Damn it, who bad the gunman didn't, I didn't know how this was thinking.
Simpson hand was cut by the barrel of the gun during the afternoon incident,
which took place in Griffith Park after he had played golf.
Playing a lot of golf there with those bad arthritic knees, aren't you, OJ huh?
You know what I'm saying? Oh man.
Yeah, murdering bastard.
The attacker came out with the gun and tried to get me to go with him,
and we wrestled Simpson told the TV station. Simpson said he bit the assailant.
He pulled a marv Albert on the assailant during the attack, and then tried to chase him in his car.
Oh, there he goes again. Another one of those highway chases.
Sounds familiar to me, isn't it?
He was talking to Burbank police on his phone at the time.
Oh boy, doesn't this all take us back?
But officers told him to end the chase and cut the crap is what they said.
And he went, oh man.
Yeah.
Probably staged the whole goddamn thing, and all he made here in the papers here was way down on the bottom of the page and that nobody reads.
Damn it.
I mean, anybody with a gun that got that close to OJ obviously would take care of this.
Okay, getting to a city like magazine, by the way, in their yearly best of worst of it,
they don't do the worst, do they?
Like a new times.
Well, you know, the Broward thing.
First, the reader's choices, okay? The reader's choice, and I don't understand really what this is all about.
They've only got about seven categories. They've got 50,000 categories inside.
Now, the readers, I don't know what this means.
Readers' choice, waitress, best waitress, Rosie O'Neill at Creoleen is in Fort Lauderdale.
Do you ever hear of Rosie O'Neill?
No.
Do you ever hear of Creoleen?
No.
Best bartender, Dar, at Rosie, baby in Lauderdale.
Do you ever hear of Dar?
I remember we used to go to track with a guy named Dar and Michigan years ago.
Historical TV newscaster, of course, Rick Sanchez.
Best local radio personality.
This is the reader's choice.
Obviously, you stopped the box.
Paul Castronova.
I almost couldn't get it out.
God, local musical performer, Tony Bishop, local artist, Stan Street,
and government official Nancy Graham.
Ever heard of those last three?
No.
None of the above.
Never heard of one of them.
Paul Castronova, ever heard of him?
No.
No.
Okay, now we get into the city link picks.
First before we get into their picks though, in all these different categories,
since they, they lick, maybe that's what we're hearing.
Honor monitors, we're hearing the sound of the lucky, lucky sounds from the city link staff
over there who love us to pieces.
What ever happened to that Howard Beel guy, by the way?
Used to write all that great stuff in city link?
Oh, and before I get to your good friend, Susan Barardi, by the way, George,
before I get to that, among the categories, I'm looking through all the dining places,
and best pizza, and best Italian, and bestest, the best place for dessert and brow art.
Not thought I'm in the market for desserts, I can't eat it, but I just had a curiosity of
because the name caught my attention.
A place called the Tea Room, a 21 East Los Olas Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale.
Because I mean, I know a lot of you out there on Las Olas in Fort Lauderdale.
When you go to the tea room, I know what you're looking for.
You're looking for glory holes!
Right, which George has never seen one, by the way, in his life.
The name of the place is the Tea Room, and it's the best place for dessert.
I bet you're Peter Clayton, the late great restaurant reviewer, Peter Clayton would probably agree.
I wouldn't be surprised if he got a few desserts in the tea rooms of this community over the years,
but that's another story, which is too close to lunch today, that story.
Okay, getting back to Susan Barardi.
Now, who is she? She writes for a city-length.
Yes.
And we know her from marketing magic.
She used to work there when we were in a factory building with them, yes.
Right.
Did I know her?
No.
You've seen her.
Well, her picture is right here.
Hi, Susan!
Bitch!
So anyway, we talked about her.
George tells me several weeks ago, or not that long ago, because she wrote an article,
or written in the French Canadiens, and she got an...
Just got one line.
Well, that's right now, remember?
She just gave him a shot.
Passing in her aim was to have been out of shape those frogs.
So now, I get to have...
In the midst of this thing here today, this gigantic issue with all their best stuff,
they allowed the staff, also, along with their own editors, who ever wrote the other stuff.
The staff makes their picks.
So Susan gives about a half a dozen different things here.
Best bumper sticker, mean people suck.
That's the best bumper sticker, mean people suck.
That's weak.
That's really weak.
But anyway, this always this.
Best radio personality, Neil Rogers.
Rogers wins by default based purely on the lack of choices, Susan says.
Besides, the real reason behind this pick is Rogers producer George Rodriguez.
He's a friend and a good guy.
To which you're so embarrassed that you're not even going to say that.
Oh, no, now he's looking in the DCS for some...
Thanks, Sue.
Yeah, thanks, Sue.
I'm not...
I think what you were looking for was probably...
That fucking bitch.
I would have fit in real good for Sue.
Okay.
What do you want, Sam?
What do you want?
Don't wink at me, okay? You're not my type, Drew.
What do you want?
Who wants to talk to you?
Okay.
You want to stay verbal in a course with you.
If he's going to do a lot of those van hits, okay?
Tell him to...
Hit this. We're not interested.
Okay.
So now we get to the Nitty-Gritty.
Now we get to the big categories here.
Best TV anchor.
City-Link magazine says,
Rick Sanchez.
Channel 7.
We know what you're thinking.
Rick Sanchez, are you people joking?
He makes a mockery of local TV news.
Exactly it says.
We've given up pretending that our local loses anything but a noisy shrill freak show.
A breathless blow-dried posers,
shamelessly grabbing us by the lapels with exaggerated readings of any story that comes with a lace garter or yellow police tape wrapped around it.
Who better to embody this low-brow pandemic to our baser instincts than Rick Sanchez,
who we suspect will be squatting over South Florida?
Where do they get that line, I wonder?
For as long as WSBN Channel 7 will allow.
How do you like that?
He'll be squatting over South Florida as they continue stealing material from this show.
I already have a homosexual relationship with NEO,
so I might as well have one with you too.
Best TV reporter, Michael Putney.
Oh boy.
That must have been before that Cuba thing, you know, before that baseball game that Mr. Riteness.
He's a good guy, Michael, but, uh, oh god, just shameless pandering, bending over backward, doing summer solts, backflips pandering.
So on that one.
Best TV weather person, Amy Murphy on Channel 7.
Do I know who that is?
No.
I have no idea who that is.
I thought I knew every weather fairy, every weather person in this town.
Do I have any clue who Amy Murphy is?
No.
In fact, it's interesting.
They're obsessed with that.
I'd like to the city like people who watch any of the other channels,
because best hair on TV news, Belkies Nere.
It's a good thing they didn't have a category for best name of the TV people,
because Belkies Nere certainly, uh, oh man.
It's more like a feathered skull cap, really, but Belkies Nere pixie do
is a welcome counterpoint to the helmet heads and big, bad looking,
Dan O'Wave that march across our TV screens like shampoo, soap, Jesse Briggs Nightmare.
No rollers, no setting gel, no big blow dry mousse on the loose.
Belkies is a great looking 90s version of an N-E-Rexic young Liza Manelli,
who sets the craftier pace for the no nonsense.
This is just in the newsroom kind of reporting.
Can you believe this?
No.
She's a freak show.
I'd like Marilyn Mitchell with a cat eyes.
Mine eyes have never seen anything like that.
No.
In my life.
Okay, now we get to the good stuff.
Okay, after they're licking over with Channel 7,
I think the reason being that we used to work over there.
And by the way, I drove by the way, the doctor a couple days ago on Monday.
Is there anything in that old IOD building?
Do we know?
Boxes.
Does anybody know?
Huh?
There's nothing in there?
This goes to show you when you have that much money,
how dangerous you are.
When Paxton bought IOD, he also bought that old building.
Even though we weren't going to have a radio station in there,
they bought the building not having any idea what they were going to do with it.
And it's just sitting there.
So I'm a sous- I don't- I can't assume anything.
Maybe when they sold a clear channel IOD and all their radio off,
maybe they sold in that building or maybe not.
Does anybody have the answer?
Who knows?
So it's just sitting there.
Just sitting there is like an appendage to Channel 7 on the 7th answer,
which is because way.
Anybody know the answer?
Okay, now let's get to the good stuff.
Okay, best TV sportscaster.
85 guesses in the first 84 don't count.
Hank Goldberg, yes, PN.
That was funny.
Except for Channel 10's football intensive sports jam,
Hank Goldberg doesn't do much local TV,
which is too bad because his ultra informed and gambler friendly insights
will sharply improve any area sports cast.
That's what Joe Castello says.
Instead, the hammer covers the competition as an at large NFL reporter for ESPN,
which thanks to the not- see, we're going along fine now,
but again, another mistake.
Too many mistakes in this town.
Can anybody write anything in a paper and a rag and a handout without making mistakes?
ESPN, which thanks to the well-sourced Goldberg,
first broke the Jimmy Johnson isn't quitting after all story.
Were they the first ones to break that story?
No.
Hank Goldberg broke the story, all right,
but it was on the near Rogers show on QAM minutes before they had it on ESPN.
How do you like that?
CityLink, and they like me at CityLink,
but they still can't get it right.
It says locals get Goldberg's scoops from 2 to 6 p.m. each Monday through Friday on WQAM 560 AM.
All we can say to that is, hey, stupid!
Yeah.
Get it right.
Just once I'd like to pick up a paper.
I'd like to even pick up a piece of toilet paper and look on there and read something that was accurate in this town.
On and on.
It goes as the misinformation just keeps going around and around.
And of course here it doesn't make any difference.
I'll see you, good.
1132 at 560 WQ AM.
Hank Goldberg coming up at 2 has been voted the best TV sportscaster by prestigious CityLink magazine.
Oh!
Loose paper, whatever this rag is.
Does anybody read this?
No.
Well, that's why I'm reading it to you on the air.
Kill some good time.
And you're interested?
They're all interested in this, aren't they?
Uh-huh.
But you're sweet ass.
Wait till they hear who gets best radio sportscaster.
I'll give you one hint, okay?
All right.
There you go.
See, what did I tell you?
Haven't I always been right on top of this?
This man is a genius.
He's a panic.
He's off the wall.
He's certifiable.
He's crazier than a bed bug.
Our very own.
Yes!
G-a-man witch.
It says he can be loud, obnoxious and sexist, and he couldn't care less about most of anything but the dolphins.
The dolphins and all of you had the dolphins.
But in spite of, and perhaps because of, his narrow-minded sensibility, no one on the sports dial
is as entertaining as passionate, as honest, as brash, or as funny, as the mad dog.
And no one appears to be having as much fun talking about the game's department of sound
Florida life as the former dolphins tied in.
Also, unlike a lot of ex-jocs who have no business sitting behind a microphone, Mandice has
learned the craft of his profession which makes him all right as they talk host.
That's what it says with the 7Ws and...
Exactly.
Oh right.
There's here one the whole past thing here off the show.
As a talk host and color commentator on dolphins radio broadcast.
Right up.
There you go.
Best suck up sports announcer.
I'm assuming they're talking about the TV people by the way.
It says all of them.
When to last time we saw any of our esteemed local sportscasters get under the skin of the people they cover.
The giant sucking sound, Ross Perot, once referred to when he arrived about NAFTA,
is really the sound of ex-jocs and powdered pretty boys avoiding the kind of confrontational questions that usually come from journalists.
Then again, journalism of the few exceptions disappeared from local TV years ago and was never applied to much of sports anyway.
So don't expect that sucking sound any time soon or ever.
And don't forget.
Just a gaggy suck, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
Now we get to the good stuff.
Okay.
Best AM radio personality, of course.
Oh god!
Naturally.
Best AM radio.
Best AM personality on a station below 600 on the dial that's located in North Day between the Broward border and the...
I mean, best AM radio personality.
No, that's not exactly like a great... you know what I'm saying?
That's like a great pat on the back.
Although they do suck pretty hard.
It says, is there a better radio personality at all?
AM or FM in this town than the O'Rodgers?
And then it says...
Yes.
No, it says...
No.
Sorry.
No.
Is there anyone who can cut through our ass and eye and religious political and sexual hypocrisies better than Rodgers?
No.
Is there anyone who gives listeners the vicarious thrill of telling the boss off to stuff it better than Rodgers?
No.
Is there anyone other than Rodgers who so rightly exposes Rush Limbaugh and Dr. Laura as neo-fascist blowhard?
No.
Has Rodgers ever been better?
No.
Is neo-rodgers god?
No.
See, that's what it meant in a mistake.
It says no.
But does his do no harm religion, no collection plate, no steeples, no televangelists make really good sense?
Yes.
There you go.
Will local AM radio be the same on Rodgers finally retires?
No.
And who the hell is the guy that says, I'm Rodgershow anyway?
It's Buffalo Bill, you silly people.
No.
And that's...no.
Larry King.
And that's...where is it?
Come on.
No.
Drusy.
So there you go.
How do you like that?
Boy, I'm telling you.
My ego is just taking a city-link magazine.
I mean, have I...is my ego...is my clocking like a peacock now?
No.
Now I'm still in shock about the response to those great hockey shows.
I can't believe that.
I think you...I think you set those people up.
He claims Rimmer was calling in over and over again.
I think it was George who was calling in over there.
He was doing his appallal windshield routine.
Because I know they love those hockey shows.
That was probably one of the great highlights.
One of the...what?
George says, even Foster Hewitt would turn those off if he were alive today.
He would turn them off.
Best FM radio personality, Howard Spurm.
Leave the hard questions to the audacious radio broadcaster and bestselling author.
Without Howard Spurm, we never know that Pamela Anderson Lee is a three-input woman
or that Heather Lockler excreed several times today.
Taking a bigger morning jolt in a double latte.
I'll see there we go again with that big double latte with your spic stuff.
The likable shock-jock is not a big thing.
What is it?
It's a West Coast new AG coffee thing.
Like a patino.
Right.
Which is an Italian thing that you try to steal.
The likable shock...as like I said, there they go with that West Coast pseudo-lingo.
The likable shock-jock isn't about putting himself in strange positions.
Like the timing, measured his penis and fell short compared to his three-man team.
Even Robin had a bigger penis I heard.
Got to love those contests too.
Like when one lucky girl recently got a surgical makeover courtesy of Howard
with sidekick Robin Quivers laughing all the way.
Do you have any idea what that means?
Oh.
And best radio DJ.
Freddie Cruz on Hot 105.
And the quiet store.
See, I would say Phil Henry doing Freddie Cruz would be the best radio DJ.
And the quiet store on Hot 105.
Interesting enough, Freddie says it goes on about his bedroom voice in a soft, cool romantic mellow tone that barely breaks a whisper.
And Cruz says, I think they like the voice.
Someone talking softly to them.
Women are sensitive, man.
I make believe I'm whispering in her ear.
You don't have to scream.
I don't like a guy screaming in my ear.
I can't deal with that kind of radio.
Says Freddie Cruz.
He can't deal with that kind of radio.
Some guy screaming at him on the radio.
Well, Bafangu to you too, Freddie.
Over there it's not so hot 105.
I didn't realize he was on Hot 105.
Was he on Hot 105?
He was.
The quiet store.
I guess what?
I don't listen to Hot 105.
No.
Anybody in this audience listening to Hot 105?
No.
That's a good question.
If we can find one person in this audience who listens to Hot 105,
we might give away a prize.
Not.
I mean, if we had a prize, we'd give him a prize.
Right?
I'll bet you dimes to donuts.
I'll bet you the cost of today's lunch, which is.
I'll bet you that much.
That there isn't one person in this audience who listens to Hot 105.
Going once, going twice,
that phone line is that board is as dead as a door nail.
Hot 105.
Yeah, I listen to Hot 105.
You listen to Hot 105?
Yeah.
Okay, thank you.
That's the one.
Oh, look at that.
There's several of them ringing.
Oh, my God.
Am I open up a jackpot?
Okay, that's our poll question.
Would you rather here remember to a hockey show or listen to Hot 105?
Look at that.
There are a whole bunch of people lighting up to,
okay, let them ring.
I'll get to them.
Just keep ringing it.
I think it's just set up.
Bob Reen got these people on the phone.
Yeah, it's a set up.
Nice try, Bob.
Bob on this.
Shut up, you f***ing.
Okay.
You obnoxious foul and distasteful.
The dolphins are cursing and man,
it's distraightful because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying.
They got f***ing.
They got f***ing.
They got you.
Mother f***ing.
Words of love, they tossing.
The microphone, the duck button,
just can't seem to be left alone.
And all of this is because they like saying.
They got f***ing.
They got f***ing.
They got you.
Mother f***ing.
Oh, but they play football badly.
I think so, yeah.
How did the patriots kick their ass?
Look for f***ing.
Well, they make it to the Super Bowl.
But with an attitude as bad as theirs.
They were.
They're tossing our hopes down the stairs.
Oh, f***ing.
Mood of Noxious foul and distasteful.
The dolphins are cursing and man it's distraightful.
Because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying.
Suck my f***ing, make my f***ing.
You have f***ing.
Yes, they're saying.
Suck my f***ing.
Make my f***ing.
Mother f***ing.
They are saying.
Suck my f***ing.
Make my f***ing.
Oh, b.
Suck my f***ing.
Make my f***ing.
You have f***ing.
Mother f***ing.
I just didn't look a great marketing idea.
the avoid today's the day ought to be in there with that the patent office you know
you know how they have like to see role pops how about if they had like a
sucker called dick pops
and you could say look my
now would be a comment in there
uh...
where would the comment go in that sentence
ten to twenty
okay see i'm sick i'm really sick i'm happy to be
anyway speaking of sick i am uh... take everything back i said about city
link i'm embarrassed just like what you can't
what was that was embarrassed about that they had an air something really wrote
test on the same page
mortified
more to call well guess what best newspaper call in the sports gets to
they picked their thos on the city link
michael mayo
the anxious michael mascovitz may or whatever his name is
from the scum sent them
so mike may or was premature to write that you need someone they chicken hard
to cover when a story wrongfully broke that the dolphin coach was
resigning it turns out that johnson was the current after all
and the same can be said for me or was never been afraid to tell it like it is
or how it should be with the support of sports team
but but but it's concise yet
entertain almost always fair it says
i guess the almost might have to do with our close
best personal friend
davil halberstam okay brought us in at the end by the way hankar's own copy
the book
hard way left with
outside life of the calm down
sports on new york radio play by play history which thanks a lot for saying
that back down because hankar ready to copy
thank you hankin kory
by the way called yesterday who did after the show
the hopper said yes
excellent book i read a lot of it last night because it was really whatever was
on tv the uh... whatever game i was fully in the buffalo pretty boring
and uh... i was reading a lot of the boy outside of brought back a lot of
good memories for me and bad memories of here's marv Albert by the way very
young marv Albert
when he assigned out to the rangers games a hundred years ago
looking just like our own kory savin a little bit more here
i would say this picture looks more like kory savin well almost as much
is the dead and we can and looks like santa shan
that's going to be our office poll the audience can participate in the
poll because they can't see him
but kory savin and uh... young marv Albert i don't know of kory's in like you
know putting on negligee and panties and a lot of backbiting but
we are Jewish
oh that that's right
all i think i'll be
well and here's one of the here's all these pictures great book howby
it says there are many who believe that win all you might have been the best
radio broadcast to the new york rangers ever had to
which i would say absolutely correct her he was great
win all you know what i think i have a good ball on cbs radio sports for
years
but boy did he do a great thing he made those games exciting and uh... he was
great no they remember that no win all you do in the range and there's a
whole big piece here in jim gordon
we did the jen and i'm great thing unless kiter
like i said has been in a while for about a hundred years live in life of
riley
more and and uh... how they have a stamp out is obsessed and i'm not
knocking because this is a good guy marty glickman
with that real real heavy new york more the glickman i mean
see marty was great but he couldn't get a job anywhere other than new york
and when we'll be because he had a real heavy northeastern accent
but he was great
he did the joint schemes for about six hundred years
and also what called the racist at yankers raceway before bullet bob
myr anybody know anything about that of course not
cian talking that abstract all these people they know what i'm talking about
they would know bullet bob myr from uh... jordan myr
exactly same difference to you right
from myr cahani
he's not doing too good
so like i said if you're into new york radio or radio sports there is d row
out there got us he was good
he was outstanding there's al helford
uh... we already did this yesterday
and there's more to glickman look at that morning must have been about two feet
tall
and giants putter dav jenny he did that or dav jenny's was like nine feet tall
because more marty glickman looks like a midget
or any hardwell the great or any hardwell gets in t-thirty he's great though
done dumpy
i would say the greatest boxing announcer whoever lived on the field on with less
citer
and bill stern but uh... done up it was the best
court goudi looking about two hundred years old i picture vince gully
melale melale melvin israel
spencer ross
like i said a member of spencer ross and stand bursting racing from yorkers
racing from ross about of course not
like i said the people down here from the york
where did they go what did they do where they just doing time up there like
behind barry that what it was they never got much on the outside
all these people
who have come here from all these other but i'm talking about ten world
countries i'm talking about other places in america i pose this question yesterday
i've been posing it for twenty three years for all you poseers out there
what did they do where did they go to the ever-know-one thing about
all of these things i'm always referring to no
i don't get it
i just don't understand it
but what do i know
that you can't
a george yes sir
i had an error on the annual
we want to be to george
uh... no no i'd rather speak to you i'd tell you that i i work with marty
glitman would go last
like i said if you look long enough you find a guy that knows something about
life
now i work at the connective radio network when i was in college and after that
he used to call university football you're gonna get football back to
right
i gotta say i he was i he was terrible but this is like the early eighties
and he just uh...
he got the names wrong in everything he was he wasn't a bad guy to work with
he was a nice enough guy to deal with but yeah it just wasn't uh...
wasn't a good uh... work
you're gonna have to hop over dav halberstand spot it because he's obsessed with
marty glitman i'm not just he just he's on almost every page every time he
mentions marty's name i'd like to i'd definitely want to see that book i mean
i know marty glitman was tremendous in the fifties and the sixties even into
the seventies but you know you said you said yourself a hundred times it's
sometimes just got stuck away
now dav jennings i've met dav jennings a few times he is like six foot four
so
so that's why you're saying marty glitman you know might be on the
about three feet six in that picture you know jennings was the punter for the
giants and uh... i don't know i met him a few times because his father was
the president of the university that i went to when he was around the campus
quite a bit in the springtime stuff and i met him
i can't just do different things but he's like six four so yeah
and i i definitely i think i think i'll be like the marty glitman because he was
jewish
i remember i noticed going through the book he likes the jewish guys like
mel Allen he liked him red barber not too crazy about he was a boy
the jewish guys he liked the best
uh... i remember when i was growing up it was jim gore dandoo in the
announcing on the ranger game yeah and his uh... color man was the guy they called
the big whistle he was a former referee named bill chat with his pictures
in here that's in here in fact in the back of the unit really appreciate this
book and and the back of the bill no i'll see it go by it back of the book he's
got the list of all the broadcasters from all the uh... from all from the very
first years the rangers the devil's the owners and i felt championship games on
all the new york station what station they were on the years that they broadcast
you know what you know what was painful yeah yankees were terrible i mean i was
like nine years old i'm a Yankee fan what else it was like to get on the TV the
yankees and the met and he had was who know
no white and frank mess there exactly and i think the jack ockerson again took
over
the book of the ranger
the white was not a book of the
horrible awful he wasn't good i don't have any worst on the scooter okay
now that i have naked pictures of george timebrinner somebody because he he's
just unbelievably bad
frank messard in the was one of the worst i've ever heard of my life
and i had a whole business with scooter do not only he doesn't and he see
here he used to be upset because he thought that the scooter stole holy cow
he doesn't say holy cow only cut without the age you know holy cow i mean i mean
somebody can fart up there holy cow listen and and in conclusion going back to
your first poll the day yes we have rumored to a hockey draft
that's coming have a great day pal okay say hi to mordid lichman he's still
alive and he marty still alive uh-huh better be here's russ Hodges russ Hodges
who was a hell of an answer but nobody in the world with no russ Hodges was the
voice of the giants for many many many many many years
unless of course that one great call see everybody in life has that one
opportunity russ Hodges the giants win a pennant bobby tops an instant home run
and that playoff of the dodgers 51 and that's why he became famous russ Hodges
gym woods gym woods who was always a set who was always second fiddle he was
always like the number two man to mel Allen or jack buck or bob prints but he was
great gym woods anybody remember gym woods of course not i'm talking to myself here
i'm playing with myself i'm talking one language these people got no idea
like i said mordid glitman and yankers raceway
these people are busy listening to hot 105 they know off of the de cruz and the quiet storm
that they know no yet sure fact i think pretty cruz is put them all in a coma that's the problem
too much whispering on a radio friday okay too much blowing in the ear which when we used to work
over net building too there was a lot of blowing in the ear going on was in the ear or
rectum ear with an r on the beginning blowing in your ear got a de cu i am how does magic do in the
how did magic do need to know the sinful uh i don't have do i have no i don't have i don't have it here
i got it you want the answer or not now i'm seeing i can't go over the end of your
an asshole not gonna give it to you i got him right back here if he would have just been
a little bit patient but now i'm not gonna give it to you jackass and who cares how magic
did that that means he's in with our lives no does anybody care about how magic did that probably
sunny fox's boyfriend there no he don't work on magic anymore worse than kiss right he's one of our
uh people who are you for now one of my boyfriend oh sunny fox
jesus christ what a what a grotesque thought that is you know hi this is sunny fox and i
listen to your i just because i can hear the word asshole thank you wqa m
hey George yes sir oh Neil yeah i'm anything the phones most of this week because George is
resting up for okay when i go into the patient what about Gordon's holy what about him what do you
do wrestling yeah did he yeah i know he did for the wrestling or whatever and what about
what he's but what does that have to do with it this is a book about New York sports casters what
does that have to do with their life i thought you were just doing great sports i mean no i mean
that's okay but i'm just saying the book is about sports on New York radio but of course you're
not from New York thank god so you know exactly good for you thank god yeah and Neil what about Jim
lamplie what's he smoking these days yeah okay Jim lamplie hey how's his wife doing by the way
do you ever grow any arms no or what what's her name breathe walker she has arms they just end in
oh they're like rumors arms alligator arms you know so short that they can ever reach the check
what maybe maybe he likes breathe okay some people like to eat breathe and some like
the other kinds of like y'all the wonderful beautiful woman who happens to have demon lines and see
he has like a little teeny tiny like pause Jim lamplie says that the pause to be fresh
how i love the liquor pudding that is all i become a singing like the unknown
a rar mr. Mary casser run with so in front with what i done he gave the action with her son
can you can see for safety at least that's it someone's the number one because i was on none yes
found a way to make some cash and hope the royal people that's because retired none don't get none
i never made it that because i didn't look that great so i got the young who had it
doing drugs and getting laid had my one and only hit them and the bad again got hit the post
that there's my dig now that i'm dead i can reveal how much i wanted Sally feel to go whistling in my
we feel or training or got to see don't you think i'm dead for daughter day i said i'd switch that
around a little bit do you believe that no well i just had to get in there somewhere it's 1202 at
five sixty w the qm now let's get to the really good stuff best place where don't out
to cornda city link crispy cream right on baby wasn't i just talking about that although this is
the one in the fort water deal remember the guy called that day and i said i thought he was nuts
crispy cream is right by that egg and uh so maybe that's the deal crispy cream has to be near an egg
place because the one on hundred and sixty third is next to the ham and eggy right and the egg
and you or the egg and i and the egg and uh to the crispy cream right in four water dealer at
twenty four one north federal boy best place for a cheese and steak western road hoguies in
western but i got a good cheese and steak went out the bread right here for my friend chuck over
the sub center since he doesn't have that other steak anymore this is good very good
doesn't have any carbohydrates and also doesn't have any ghee in a doctor atkins
g there's no ghee in my lunch and isn't loaded up with all kinds of hidden carbohydrates
and i guarantee when i go home today and take my blood sugar won't be 200 like i was yesterday
after eating those disadvantaged bars yeah now that's what i'm going to start calling them man
the disadvantage bars instead of ingredients on the label it's got a long list of all the
disadvantages of eating them one of them they taste like crap number two they're loaded with
crap number three they'll make you crap the number four they are crap this advantage bars
highly promoted and enthusiastically approved made in canadae by a bunch of crafty old connox
or anyway getting back to that book there's a line that nobody here maybe i got somebody
listening to rano again today the uh chapter that halberstens got here on the hockey announcers
and of course he starts right off the bat it says it would be an injustice not to begin a history
of hockey broadcasting with foster you with a long time boss of the toronto may believes and the
progenitor of hockey on radio and he goes on and on yada yada yada yada and he makes him some great
guys like dan kelly and bob Wilson and Fred Qucic etc and so on and he actually and see the thing
i like in here there actually uh even though uh halberd tends to uh you know suck a lot of button
here um there actually are some comments in here that i'm surprised that he put in the book but they're
right on target jim gordon see that's one way jim gordon was great i don't know how he was
on the giants games i never heard me got a lot of criticism in the year he was great on a ranger
games i used to hear those but it says jim gordon who spent many years broadcasting ranger games on
both television and radio puts the accolades for foster he would in a tempered perspective it
didn't take much to be good back then we were a primitive business by today standards he was awful
oh thank god somebody else said that beside me when i say that to my canadian friends they look at
me like i just peed on a picture of the god dan queen or something like i just had another
eaten center mischabbing my pantaloonies he was terrible building you what was the best ever
his son but fostering you it was like a whiny shrill old lady awful terrible and life's going
jim gordon actually opened up a mouth and tell it like it was and even better for david helpers
them to put in the book thank you david and don't bring us anymore stale bad glacial homontage next
year please see that that's what really bugs me about getting back to that michael mayo thing again
to go in a newspaper column and urge that somebody be fired somebody you know who's a good guy
doesn't have a bigoted bone in his body who made a joke that maybe what's was much into about
nothing okay every time you make some kind of comment just like the grease man up there
you can say it about Jews you can say it about gays you can say it about chinese people
but if you say it about sparsers right away this uptight society we got right away you're fired
and here's michael mayo hold the male who is wishing and praying that they've halberstain got
can because he had a slip of the tongue there that they got a little bit bent out here which i
don't even remember what it was to be honest with you although he writes about it in the book and
thanks for mentioning the fact that ed caplan hang can i were supportive of you and we still are
healthy and michael wishing a lot of the newspaper well i know a way to make sure it doesn't happen
again and calling us on the air in protest after i got on the year the next day screaming and chewing
his ass out and promising to write a retraction and apology to Dave halberstain and then even after
a guy did get fired by the heat did he ever write an apology no retraction no award about it
you lying piece of turd michael mayo no wonder they put him on french fries
that's right stick the michael mayo on the fries okay boil his ass down to a little bit of dribbling
crap and just ladle it on your fries peace of turd wqa m what about marv albert what is it
marv albert what about him well what about him isn't he like he's according to the
up wqa m hello yeah how you doing two thirds of the books about marv albert what about marv albert
yes sir it sounds like a great book it is a great book and a guy he wants it about marv albert
okay like what about him what i just get through sand marv albert the hockey he was pretty good
well he did hockey he did football he did the basketball and that he's been in there for a
million years it's all over the book marv albert let's talk about people that are like common
every day you know what i'm saying exactly he's a fun crap about marv albert i was a kid growing up
goofy looking kid of his kenny albert looks like he came off a spaceship with a mushroom mouth
he um growing up with the net games you know you had you know lived in elton i mean feeling
through all he says and bob murphy lying dry he's living in elton dead and then uh i think he is
no here i think so and Ralph kiner who said back to him i might as well be yeah he was the worst
i the the worst i ever heard yeah um i want to switch gears to the actions for a second go ahead
a good thing on the actions is actually young without the sauce that's right you're absolutely right
well one could is actually young without the sauce what fills you up and it's you get the
pork in there which you can eat of course right very good uh huh and uh i'm just
doing in there what what's your egg full young without the sauce is just egg exactly no it's not
it's got stuff it depends on what you get in it if you have onion and chicken or pork or meat
or all of the above but it's not full young then she's like who won you okay this guy's
trying to be helpful you try to pee on our parade go go buy your disadvantage bars for your wife
and leave us alone okay you put your pork in it and uh put your pork in it and you get it's
very good and you put your lotion in the basket and you're right absolutely correct have a great day
say sir pal god five six seven oh five sixty see we're talking a four language i'm sorry i
brought up the david halberstown book because these people don't know what i'm talking about
how sad how sad indeed that we're here in this god for second place
where they don't know they don't know uh they they don't know when Elliot from the trooper
carburetor for five fifty w depend so the bad that's the promise two days ago he was going to
bring tape and yesterday's apologize this 40 cents in today remember the tape of the apantha game
from the other night which i didn't have thank god where uh and i've and there's no point in my
watching it because i found out from the inside that he already said um shiny hockey then he's
this time he didn't say what he usually says like i feel really really you know he said they were
playing shiny hockey and then it goes on here to just rip the you'd like this note by the way
just rip the crap uh on uh rumor just rip stay at this note i mean just rip it and it says please do
four to five hours today about uh david keon okay we love david keon we love you david but you're
the best etc even though he didn't show up on at last night in the gardens but you needed the rest
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line see the one of the reasons
that this could never be a sports down even if it had the inclination to which it does not
and that they when you hear these people calling in they don't even know who to help build zimperies
okay or like i ask you know do you like zimper better than rick weaver they don't even remember
who rick weaver was seriously i've never had a call about rick weaver
and how can you be a sports fan without getting into the broadcasters who made the game exciting
and of course down here most of the sports guys never did make the game exciting in the first
place so that's why so what are they ever here in their lives what do they know Christina moron
bill zimper that's decadal computerized voices that sounds like it's being spit out of a computer
well totally lacking in the void of any personality like hank always says and he's right about this
if you went out on the street even if you went to the stadium where all the sports nerds are
and you walked up to a hundred people and said who's the broadcaster for the adult in games can you
tell me and they probably if they had any name they would say all right your manage even though he
does the color not to play by play and you say okay well he does the color and he's great he's
funny but who does the play by play and you know what they would say yeah that's what they'd say
they don't know wqa m
hey yeah this is George yes sir would you give Neil today man he fired up like great yeah he's
out of his mind today of course I think he's done drugs I mean he's great he brought some good stuff
back from honest to them then I haven't seen him so rap it's like I don't know I know it's like he's
like a mocked ten well maybe because that's fat tub lost a little weight you know oh that might do
have a great day pal wait him a what then let's go he want to talk to him no I was going to tell
you it first and tell you tell me what you thought of it okay well you know how he's always talking
about that guy Peter North yeah that step star well I'll give me a guy gave me a movie with Peter
no one said it yeah and I never seen a guy gave you movie with Peter in it yeah really then I never
seen such muzzle velocity in my life uh-huh anyways then they were good yeah yeah then there was
another one the court court court court court court yeah with a Vanessa del Rio right and she
was two what she was doing two guys at the same time I don't mean two guys different hold I mean
two guys in the same orifice yeah so then it reminds me that old adage sure it must be wrong
one in the hand is not right we're two in the bush yeah okay anyway five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the uh-huh one line that was good and great had a good conversation
with him he sounded like an interesting guy w-q-a-m hello yes sir how about bud lynch
bud lynch from Detroit well he missed a guy who still has the PA by the way at the Joe Lewis arena
and how about uh-vand Patrick do you know you're doing the all Detroit people
vand but you know that vand Patrick put ws rf on the ear and for a lot of the 100 years ago he
owned it he's the one to put it on the ear and you're a jackmark don't even know that
you've ever used to do the tiger games way before any harwell tiger games before in our well
are used to play free to it um give me a hint uh outfielder what was his first name
Harry Harry Hyalman Harry Hyalman
bro great what a job near brilliant I wasn't even there then but I read about it okay thank you
see yeah okay see it with the bookers about in the york what's with all the new yorkers we have
we don't have any new yorkers down here if they have a similar to written a book about great
Chicago broadcasters like uh-the great jack quinlin oh he now he was uh bob prince for my money
with the grand and for anybody's money the greatest baseball broadcaster who's in the book by the
way several times even though he was not in new york but jack quinlin and chakago who got hit
by a car and killed at a very early age unfortunately he was sensational he was tremendous jack
quinlin one of the all-time best does anybody now he's down here know who jack quinlin was no i mean
what how can you be here and know anything about the real world that's my question you folks
thank god for computers thank god for the internet for a lot of these people it's their first
opportunity in life to actually reach out and have some contact with the real world out there
they're saying the real world down here believe me no chance thank god for the internet even
know it's full of a lot of misinformation a lot of crap a lot of wakos but at least you can
reach out with your tentacles and testicles and make some kind of contact with reality
these people down here i mean what what have they been mulled over this tropical uh this uh-bizarre
this so whatever this is
w-q-a-m
nail yes sir did you read about terry marie being named the coach of the uh yeah good i hope
they give him a one-way ticket to Norway that sounds good to me yeah all right now pack him some
stale eel too while you're at it okay you know terry marie he's going to Norway to coach the
world the way whatever that crap is what a joke that is terry marie say goodbye terry we're
gonna be singing non non non goodbye tonight the game for the b m and t m boys for the marie brothers
bye bye boys been nice knowing you not
maybe i'll even bring him a shumari sandwich tonight to the game this spokesman
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty animal below in the we got a hundred open lines
you have doing screenless and i want to talk to some people from the york they know about
david halberstown all these great guys from the york they know what i'm talking about here today
who don't listen to hot 105 who actually speak english we have some idea what the real world
is all about guys and what do they say and that's what they're saying every time i get wound up
just like that guy who was talking to you before just like that guy i get wound up and i
got some great stuff that really is entertaining and amazing and i expected tremendous response what do i
get yeah yeah and you wonder who do you hope he's always complaining i'm complaining because i'm
trying i'm reaching out to touch somebody with a brain the touch of it even a guy with bud lint was
great even his last guy he was sensational whatever the hell he was talking about but most of them it's
like yeah when the draft started already fed so huh that's why the draft is so big down here and
you know something most of these people couldn't catch pneumonia in a draft these losers these low
lives no lives we got those cheer lives that were going to be selling here for ten bucks a pop
you pour a little water even you take a little squirt squirt on it and the life start
scroll right there funny rise wqa m sam rose and baby he's in there he's in there he's got how do
you know he never gets to say anything shady he never gets to say three words shady bap bap bap bap bap bap
they're scoring goals and sam is desperate open up as a bap bap bap nice nose two sand by the way
we're seeing by within those like that i remember he uh he definitely got a face for radio
sam i remember the late 70s early 80s when cable first came down here it's it's important and the
big whistle was going again oh really yeah i never saw that i never saw Jim Gordon on tv
buried back in the the ranger suckback and that it makes a bad trade what do you mean back then
back then you don't have to turn the clock back for that they suck down the best the best
announcer the rangers had on hockey was more of albert that was his best sport no the best
announcer before your time was winelius yeah but marvus pretty good was i never heard him do hockey
was he good at what actually i'm like the asshole down here he actually told you what was going on
well that's the idea see that's why anybody would say Chris morons and announcer doesn't know
what the sports all about the best the best news of the cancers this year is that is that
asshole is that of here that's right that's the that's the silver lining in a dark ugly season is
that we say goodbye to Christina moron you're absolutely great he's the worst they ever heard
i mean how they hired that guy i'll never know i think he had naked pictures of somebody
organization of the spokesman yeah the spokesman maybe yeah okay pal say how to winelius
winelius winelius tv sports he was great i know before most of your time a bunch of little punks
that and that's sad because most of you grew up during this jockeocracy crept with a bunch of
illiterate x-jocks like Fran healy and the highly touted timmacarva who by the way halberstam
says wonderful things a timmacarva another one bap bap bap bap bap bap
doesn't add a god damn thing to the game he second guesses every pitch every play never
shuts up for a second and he had nothing to the game timmacarva he should only croco wicked death
that's how much i despise timmacarva and even though i like dav halberstam they believe me
the way out of line on this one and according to some of the new yorkers at least at one
marty glickman suck too i don't know i just remember the voice
wardy glickman with a real real heavy new york accent and i wondered how could a guy like this
with an accent like that possibly beyond here i know i thought well he's in new york
only we were in Rochester we didn't speak like that wqa m
niel yes sir we did the cumbersome before harry
who did the cub game is before harry
jack quillum but maybe not directly the jack brickhouse brickhouse the worst
you are he wasn't that bad was it was awful he was
hey hey hey hey hey he was he was like the guilty he was like the steve goldstein of baseball that's
how bad jack brickhouse he said it called him jack outhouse how about the blues uh hockey now
sir back dan kelly dan dan kelly the great dan kelly whose son i was butchering things up in
colorado believe it or not i'm just john kelly awful believe it i played hockey with yori kuri
yeah and he's old enough to be a grandpa
nah i'm not the reason why i put um he said that he thought Wayne would retire at this year
good good let him retire sunday let's get it over with say oh you know like say good bye and yeah let's
move on with life he's a he's a he's a little bit crazy he didn't do the big farewell tour and he
didn't want nothing but i like the fair mario did a classy mario did a good that was nothing
wrong with that it was it was fun he said is this a big pain in the ass to do that why every city
go to they want to have our thing before the game you're right now yeah it's first of a gritsky
who wants to waste the time you can be right now be there i'll see you okay great
let me get that needle nose out of our lives when gritsky is going to retire sunday anybody care
you get him out of here let's move on with life he's these old news he's like last year's maca okay
he's still he's old he's on a team for the second year in a row they stink they're not making
the playoffs they're not going anywhere even sam rosin says get him out of here please
well they're starting to thump in the music again by the way down the hall
and just as i said it it stopped you're thumping to god damn music again in the middle of the show at
8 9 30 in the morning you jackasses at power 96 parking on the right wing makes the night
moved to a loop back coming out in front of rogues and i go say star when the park rolled
in front of the legs of a turtle trick for pain it's one thing
alright
oh
people are watching women are staring at their green leaves and
what i'm not sure when something is being left now i'm not going to talk to him
not much to look at but i ain't looking to smell just a little too much
but that's all a little too slow his noise is just a little too long
but while they're rolling i will be moving so then he's got a really big shower trow
sir
Oh!
This time we're in the childhoods of the world.
This time we're in the childhoods of the world.
This time we're in the childhoods of the ship of the world.
21 seconds left, he saw to the right a tight nut that was scored.
First period, Mueller now against Oats.
Back to roll off.
Shot!
Goal for Wistchock!
Goal in home!
Connecting head up and boss with 18 seconds left.
22-560 WQM, 56-705-60, pound-560 on the mobile one line.
We're doing screenless so they all crap out during the break because the lines disconnect after 400 rings.
And that's good.
They don't have to wait during all those commercials.
Yeah, we're talking about some good stuff.
Okay, which you don't find too much of it down here.
And like I said, if you've got people who pretend to be sports fans and they know nothing about sports casting, then they really aren't sports fans.
What do they ever hear? What do they know?
What is their life consistent beside the Chiya life that they have to water 10 times a day?
That the neighbor has to come over and pee on it to see if they can get anything to sprout.
WQM.
That city link article is all wrong.
Jeff Rimmer is the best announcer in South Florida.
And those seats won all that bad.
Yeah, okay, thanks, Chef.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good, why, why, and, good, why, and...
Let me tell you something about those seats at the...
Good, why, why, and...
They're stunk.
WQM, hello.
Did your lovely receptionist give you the Denise took?
Yeah.
And he says, he says, shini hockey on there.
Shini?
Yeah, with two ends.
Are you sure?
That's Pond hockey.
That's what they call it.
The old time is they call Pond hockey.
They used to call shini hockey.
So nice try.
But thanks for the tape, though.
All right.
It'll come in handy.
Thank you.
Yeah, it's not even a six hour, it's a six and a half hour tape.
It's a T-130, which is exactly what an AMR security thing on the VCR.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
Am I going to watch that thing?
No.
No.
I'd like to, like, I'm at the game Saturday night in Toronto, okay?
And Rimmer says, oh, did you tape the game?
And keep in mind, I'm up there.
I'm going to set my VCR to tape a game that I'm going to see live.
Of course not.
And like I said to him, I said, and if I did tape the game,
you think I'm going to tape it off the sports channel Florida,
when I could take it off of the CBC with Bob Cullen-Harry Neal.
And I'm going to tape your telecast, Rimmer.
Are you serious?
No.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm in Bokeh.
Let's go to Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
No, I'm the draft.
Yeah.
Yeah, on Rimmer, because I would like to see him screw up and bumble around a bunch of times.
And the best, the mentor of the Hadeb Pascupal is Eric Reed.
Thank you.
Okay.
I've seen Eric Reed 77 times, and he's never stopped talking through his teeth.
He never stops talking through his teeth.
He even wishful, he talks through his teeth so much.
Now, he stopped doing that for a short period of time.
I remember a couple of years ago commenting on the year how much he had proved
because he stopped doing that for only talking through his teeth.
There's 76 to 72, and he's back doing it again now.
He blows WQAM.
QAM.
Going once.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, a couple of hockey questions for you.
What do you mean hockey?
Is this a hockey show?
Yes.
Better than some of the other topics, right?
Like what?
I've never heard you talk about Pat Foley as a hockey announcer up in Chicago.
He's good.
Pat Foley is good, very good.
I hear the other person.
I hear the Black Hawk, so I have a jaded view, but he's very good.
And you know what?
The Black Hawk's in Panthers way I see it, Neil, very similar.
If you look at the attendance at the night at the dinner, the Black Hawk's are really terrible.
And you know what?
Next year's going to be the same thing at our new arena.
Right.
Is it going to be tough for one brother to fire another?
No, but let me ask you this.
How tough is it for the president of the organization, Viltory, to fire both brothers, make a package deal?
Oh, it's a small.
Right.
Two pink clips for the president.
One, even Marv Albert would go for that.
5.6705.50.
It's my last game.
I realize we have one more Saturday, which I gave the tickets away to one year today.
Last Panther game in the year for some of us.
The Panthers and those frogs, the Montreal kind of deans tonight.
Did we find out if Beth Cohen is singing the national anthem, by the way?
Does anybody know the answer to that?
Huh?
Don't we?
No.
Yeah, if she's got, because if she's not singing, I may have to stay home.
Unless that young sparzer guy, he's good too.
A Sean, Ibron, Ibron, Ibron, Ibron, Ibron.
I think it's Sean Ibron.
He's a Jewish sparzer.
He's going to be singing tonight, maybe.
And even if Aaron Bergallif, they brought him back.
He must have had a falling out with Wayne or something.
Now, he's not the one that's married to Wayne's son, is he?
WQA and hello.
You do know that, don't you?
WQA and hello.
The actor is Neil.
Speaking.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
You do know that, don't you?
Yes, sir.
Isn't that pathetic?
Isn't that pathetic?
They get on and then it's like, eh.
Eh.
Yeah.
And back to you.
Back in you.
WQA and.
Hello.
WQA and hello.
See, now we have a bunch of copycat more.
No, we don't.
So, what it was to believe there?
What's the problem?
I had my radio on.
I wanted to turn that stupid radio off.
But then you listen to the radio.
Will you listen to Paul Castanovah doing repeats of this show?
He does do that.
Yes, he does.
He does repeats of every show.
Hey.
Are you sure positive?
But, but, but, but, a while back, some guy called and said you could get Bob and Tom or Lauderdale.
And I've been listening to him on the way to work and they are great.
What did I tell you?
Oh, man, they are a lot of fun.
That's Morning Show in America, Bob and John.
Absolutely.
They are hysterical.
They are original.
They don't just bring on, you know, lesbians every morning waiting for you to grab yourself,
your stick ship.
They are really funny.
Absolutely.
And they are great.
And you're got.
And God bless you.
Have a good day.
Now, how come they didn't get a mention here by the way?
I didn't scour through the city link thing.
How come Bob and Tom don't get no mention, huh?
Because they too busy sucking Howard's ass in the city link.
Because it's a brow thing and they figure all the New Yorkers.
We don't have the New Yorkers.
You notice that?
Two things in this audience.
We don't have any Jews and we have the New Yorkers.
And maybe there's some crossover there.
You think so?
Might be a little crossover.
We don't have any of either one.
I asked questions about the Jewish things like paysocks.
Remember the other day?
Nothing.
Well, by the way, Georgia's crazy Jewish accountant called this morning and did wonderful things
for him.
And he's still crazier to bedbugs.
And a stone age goofball.
And I'm embarrassed and humiliated that he's walking around taking up good space.
Now that he's done his thing for you this year and straighten that probably had gotten
you money coming back from the government.
Can't we just say goodbye to him now?
Can't we send him a broad?
Send him two or three broads.
Probably an old pervert if you ask me.
A young pervert.
Orthodox my ass.
Oh, no, not for you.
Not for you, David.
Maniac.
Hey, you never know.
Crazy Jews with a beard and a yard that's shmata on.
The only thing I know is he's been laying too much to fill in.
Like my doctor, David, with that turn of kid.
Oh, I don't want to go back into that again because Dr. Mark will get upset.
He's a good guy.
He just had a stressful day.
Yes, Bush.
Back to my house.
Look who's back.
Yeah.
Look what's up, doc.
Bugs' money and the whole gang is back.
In a fool-length motion picture that the adults are assured to love.
Evil, evil, equia.
I'm about to do me a rabbit.
Siskle and Ebert say leave the kids home for this one.
Bugs' money.
Stars in Bugs' bodies.
Waking at moments.
Me.
Me and I, Stinka.
I mean, soon enough either.
You're useless.
Oh, Richie Hepner.
Well, he gave one.
You suppose he can trap one.
I thought a dengerling.
Can you give it?
And he'd take it away.
He just went out of here now.
This would be some kind of pandemonium.
And why not?
Here's the one two-page commercial.
And there's a ball hit deep to that field.
Back to his body balance.
And he can't get it.
Just a good ball.
Well, what you're hearing me say.
He can give us anything.
And he just gave us today on a whole round.
His first ministry.
Bobby bought some leaf pie.
And it's just over the glove.
And the pirate's feed.
Bit of ice.
From the label.
Okay, Bob Prince, the greatest of them all.
I can goose bumps.
So I get here on my sphincture.
It starts growing.
1245 at 560 WQM.
Do these people know Bob Prince?
No.
Do they know what Prince?
No.
Formerly known as?
No.
Yeah, that was the answer formally known as Bob Prince.
WQM.
Hey, you have got.
How are you, sir?
Figular.
Massive.
It's a freaking big convention.
I-75 going south.
From like a commercial down through Oakland.
I swear there's like over a dozen Halloween.
Yeah.
Multi-agency.
It's a php.
Well, I used to have high regard for.
But why is that?
Why did you have- they do nothing but write tickets?
They don't do anything.
Yeah, but they seem to be professionals.
No, they're both professionals.
Professional ticket writers, that's right.
They don't do a goddamn thing.
The php.
Oh, right.
The bad ones are the php.
Yeah, well, I got nothing but write tickets.
That's the only goddamn thing they do is write tickets.
And do they write tickets for things that aren't even illegal?
Like.
Well, in rental vehicles.
No, if you're in a car, right?
Yeah.
I got pulled over in a rental van.
It was at least with the company.
In a fancy van?
Huh?
Yeah.
And the decal on the tag didn't match the tag.
For a statute, if your company that has over a thousand vehicles,
the decals don't need to match the tag.
Yeah.
So he writes me a citation for expired tag, because it's not the right decal.
My citation is from Crown 1948.
For Lonious decal.
Yeah.
A felonious decal?
Yeah, it was the wrong decal.
Can you relate to felonious clonk?
So I was committing fraud.
Well, don't do it again.
Okay.
This guy's all been out of shape.
And he thought they were good guys.
Does anybody else think the FHP are good guys?
No.
Not anybody with a brain.
I guess you'll learn your lesson in a hard way, pal.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
A screenless Wednesday?
Just the way I like it?
No, it's good.
It keeps them on their toes.
Like that little pole we had this morning.
About those great hockey shows.
Should we ever have another hockey show?
And they said, they stuck.
Don't do it again.
Not if you want to stay on here, Mr.
Here's something QAM.
Hello.
Speaking of the pigs, they're going to be voting up in the ass of Hasse about pulling you
over now just for no reason if you're not wearing a seatbelt.
Yeah, isn't that nice?
Isn't that nice?
And you know that they're going to say yes.
They're going to look very high.
All the goody-two shoes.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
You've got to wear your seatbelt.
No crime in Florida.
But if you don't have your seatbelt on, you're going to...
Well, I'm going to get one of those that you want those phony ones.
That's like a cardboard thing you put on your chest.
I'm going to get a note from my doctor.
It says I got a separated shoulder.
How's that?
I'm going to get a note from my doctor too.
Okay, so at least he can do for me after he's...
It's part of the event.
We should all that time the other day.
Of course, the Panther Games tonight make sure they show that same clip that from meatballs.
It just doesn't matter.
Okay.
It does matter.
It matters a lot.
That's why we're firing the coach in his brother, the BM of the GM.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
WQAM.
I'll listen to you on my voice.
That was good.
That was a helium modicone.
That was beautiful.
Thank you.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi.
Hi.
I'm here.
I'm here too.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'm sorry.
That's okay.
I knew Bob Prince.
I'm from Pittsburgh.
All right.
And that gave me chills when you just played.
Was it great?
His daughter was a friend of mine.
I see the problem with the Bob Prince cuts.
I can't get any of this stuff because his wife, I don't know if you know this or not.
No.
But she had the rights to all of his tapes and everything.
Yeah.
And so, you know, I've had people contact KDKA and I've had people contact the pirate organization.
And my good friend Mike Lang from Pittsburgh tried to get me some stuff.
You can't get it because most of the stuff you get is recreated, which is all phoning.
It doesn't really sound good.
That clip that I just played, I think that's one of only two real cuts that I've ever got.
That were like from a real game from Bob Prince.
The other stuff they've got is recreated.
It's all phoning.
Oh, that's really too bad.
Yeah, he was the best.
There was nothing like sitting on a summer evening out in the porch listening to Prince call the game.
It was fabulous.
He was the greatest or nobody is even close.
And you know, either I don't know if it's KDK or the pirate fired him.
Yeah.
And they just about had riots.
I was there.
I was there.
It was a parade.
It's KDK.
It was a parade.
We're picketing against Wzysting House.
In fact, that's all Halberstember's book about that.
I'm going to have to read that.
Why does he have Prince in there just because he was the best or was he ever in New York?
He was in New York.
He talks about in fact the day that the Bobby Thompson at Tho Home Run and Russ Hodgers made
that famous call, you know, the Giants, when the pen-it-
Right.
Well Bob Prince was visiting the city.
He was there to see the Play-Off game.
He was in the booth with Hodges.
At the end of the game, after Hodges called the home run, he got so hysterical
that he ran out of there.
During the commercial break he said to Prince, you take it and do the wrap-up.
and even though he was sitting there in the york pop prints the wrap-up on that
he's mentioned several times in the book
wonderful story he was a great guy
he was a lot of fun
and uh... great collection of suits he was either him or isn't else in the best
collection of suits in the universe
i know really funny but it was a good guy and it he was the best people
like you said people down here just listen to vanilla
and answer well you know you heard that i played a minute ago i mean that was
real excitement he would know us we i mean like he was part of the team he
really believe that as opposed to this joe angel guy
who put on this fake account even on the promos you hear this
stage
fake excitement all our john miller you know in fact we're gonna start calling joe
joe angel uh... john miller junior because that's what he wants to be you know
fake excitement
you're so you know he does all this phone he wanted to first read a chase
spirit actor i think or something
and it's just embarrassing because he could be pretty good he's got a good
voice
but he just makes me ill
well i think you can just get some good by
okay okay
back to you
five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on the mobile one line open a
window at many here it comes
that's a peter or the same wq a hello
they know what i'm okay
okay i don't know if you mention yet but i
but i think that he can't
announce
he's one
uh... the guy that he had the picture of the game
who's that
i'd she's i don't even know the name but
he's excellent
over a better than winter
you don't know his name
uh...
i got the small dish in just watching all the games and
you know
all of those guys the guys like one of the best parking answers i've heard
that's about it
okay
what do you plan that one for our god
president
that
ter
uh...
the
so what's it
twelve fifty two and five sixty wq and i mean what are these people don't
even you know even the people on the station that's one of the reasons i
find it so painful trying to listen to the various day parts on the station
many of them because they don't have a satellite dish they don't watch the
out of town broadcast
uh... they don't know from these people they would know joe bollen from jimmy
bollen okay
number jimmy bollen i'm sticking with you
of course not
you don't know all you know is uh... what's your name of the uh... bananas on her
head coming Miranda
wqa m
from a to q
yeah right
qa m
yeah
uh... speak to nia i'm uh...
uh... mobile my auntie
okay let's go to a mobile in my amy hello
nia?
yes sir
is that you?
that's me
i'll just a deal
okay it's not me it's a more she put it yes it's me sir this is your big
i just want to i just want to see if there was any reference in the book
to Fred capacella
well he was in the radio announcer
but i'll look at the index he was it was a great race call her but he wasn't
a
ready capacella the answer is no no
why would he be in the book the book is he what i mean
see what i mean the book is sports on new york radio a play by play history
that about race cars
next he's going to be telling about bullet bob my or now about marie uh...
glickman used to do the race of the yorkers raceway if he would have told me
that then we had some to talk about
we have some to talk about
Fred capacella
it is now post time that's the only thing that that's the only that's his
legacy those are the only words in fact they said that on his deathbed when he
took his last breath
Fred capacella said it is now post time
i and that was that was it that was it
it was okay
it was no full-salt
wqa hello
okay whatever you say sir couldn't hear it because it was a crappy phone
wqa hello
yes sir
uh... my girlfriend's a nurse and she says before you die
the doctors milk every last sent out of you they can get out of you
you know what the bargain
and uh...
or some other that maybe that's why they don't like dr jack
they don't want quick and painless they want long and tedious and expensive
that's right point excellent
you're because for us excellent points we'd hurt
yeah that's right they don't want to be the mean if there's one person so
this audience that thinks that dr jack should have gone to jail
that i say we take care of you right now k u-s holes
i mean when you don't even have a right to decide when you want to die okay
that tells you what kind of a repressive god damn country this is with a
bunch of religious nuts running around telling everybody what the hell to do
okay when somebody says i'm dying on the land and leave him alone and let him
do it
oh no you understand you were breaking the wall boy you have a lot of
hootspa
yeah but you go up there using the hootspa words that they don't can't pronounce
don't even know what it means
that's what the judge says
when she gave the sentence the other day she looked straight in the eye and said
wait does he have a lot of good spot
can even say it right bitch
pro 55 at five sixty wq a m and we're getting them all in there they bob
prince mike lang joe bow and Fred kusik we're talking real living in breeding
cities with real living in breeding fans and places where people have got some
idea what's going on and didn't i'll just hop off a banana boat with a green
card to god damn illegal alien slip under their pants
what a what a place what an unbelievable place
the only idea their idea of an exciting time here is golf that's their idea
of a sudden oh yeah you can play golf year round that's the problem
that's not a positive here that's the problem here is we got people playing
golf year round
you know what i'm going to do i'm going to have a golf term named after each of
my dogs
yeah the tiny golf tournament we hit like a miniature golf
and the winny golf tournament
why not everybody else got golf term its name
then let's start to have a golf term it's like Andy Williams
huh
it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon
tonight the history channel goes in search of cultural heritage in south
florida birthplace of the early bird and home to the world's oldest
bewitching leadership travel with us to the land of pumpano
to learn more about famous landmarks such as
island lucite noodle cadoodle chuck zinc and scoogins
discover south florida the place where no one gives a
sh** tonight on the history channel one of one of five sixty wq a m
so since the cops continue wanting to enforce the seatbelt crap i've created
solution in this problem for those of us not to wear seat belts seatbelt shirts
well they've already got those good idea somebody already beat you to it
a white haze t-shirt with an embroidered belt crossing from right side to left
color of belt or shirt can be customized to match interior your car
proposed price 999 from mario well mario i hate to break the news to you
but good idea a little bit too late
they already have those they got all kinds of trotskies you'd like with
phony seatbelt things
now what what do they do if they happen to pull you over and you're wearing a
phony seatbelt t-shirt i think what they do is
five six seven oh five fifty by the way back to the city links since we've
had so much response on this thing not best chocolate dessert armadillo
cafes chocolate fritters
what about the cream brulee is that that's pretty damn good too yeah
um where's all our good food stuff in here god damn it where's the really a
best downtown lunch the dancing bear in for a lot of the first of all who now
goes to downtown for a lot of the anybody with a brain no maybe a bunch of
lawyers lawyers and criminals who have to go to court down there's a
number of people go downtown for a lot of the and drug dealers
either a downtown for a lot of the i don't think so best spot to close
probably i mean there's all these things that that's why best place for one
best restaurant for Italian dining moderate and
brower trevittrat the ria
she never heard of any of the place in here i have a best restaurant that
delivers one's Mandarin house in Hollywood
i'll second that what you've been there well been there get food from
there all the time delivered you had one yes how about a how about a
uh eggful young with no with no sauce see i don't you're wrong about that eggful
young is eggful young with it without the sauce the full young is not the
sauce it's the active ingredient with the young sauce young of the eggful
young do you ever have any young sauce no just old
wqa n
yeah niel yes sir hey how about the number one Ernie Harwell
what about him i already mentioned Ernie Harwell
oh you did i didn't hear about that we're not just talking about we're talking
about a book sports on New York radio played by play history by Dave
Halberstaff i mentioned Ernie Harwell and of course he did the giant so he was in
the bookies from New York i think there's any york we're not from there
well it's gonna take as most these people wouldn't help win out of you from sunny
all yet so i wasn't sure that's all i just said
okay thanks five six seven oh there's a guy doing my material it must be
Paul Krasner over his at grandpa five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line
wqa n
qa n going once wqa n hello
wqa n yeah niel there speaking new yes how you doing i was uh i found out the
monica loins he has come in the liberties in boca yeah i was wondering what you
thought about uh i think um it would be okay if we brought down boxes to
cars there for a sign so i think it would be okay in other words you're
called for my permission ask mommy and see what she thinks five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
i don't care about monica does anybody else care about monica are we sick
and tired of monica yes we headed up to our ass up to our ears up to our elbows
no more monica okay i started blowing out our ass miserable bitch running around
prancing around she's at the Oscars she's here she's there slut
an a cheap slut who went with her presidential knee pad who gets a free pass from the media
a cheap disgusting fat slut she's very sensitive about her weight you know a big fat
porky pig slut she's better than those petunia pigs that stick their nose up against the glass
at the macarena waiting for the players to come out and practice it
that's the closest to levergette to any guy with a
right exactly that's what she reminds me of is those petunia pigs and by the way isn't
that ironic that her good buddy was was Linda trip
can you see them the two of them together in a buffet
w-q-a-m hello hello yes sir you're a faggot okay oh there's a bulletin for i'm a
faggot write that down April 14 1999 i'm a faggot am i a faggot and next point w-q-a-m
oh Neil yes how long is that what can i do for a sir oh Neil wow like i said w-q-a-m
hello speaking okay some different on the radio well it may sound different on the radio
but this is the best i can do so you sound different on the phone thank you what can i do
we're sick you're sexy and i want to know what we do for you honestly this is the same old crap
again they got no material they hear the one that preceded them and then they pick up the real bad
stuff and it gets worse and worse and it smells worse and worse you can smell it right through the speaker
w-q-a-m yeah can i get on with Neil please speaking
hello let me say it again speaking speaking this is me this is i how you doing it great i want to
talk about the uh... co-q-10 something that's worth talking about what do you mean that's worth
talking what does that mean well i'm just saying i've been taken for a while and it it is seems to
be a big improvement i heard you say that you know you're pretty pretty good everyday i'm ecstatic
with it i think it's very important my blue my pulses down to like i by it's tremendous amount
and i i think it's doing good for me yeah i'm just feeling a lot better i just wanted to
give you the same good news i'm feeling a lot better with it too so thanks a lot thanks well how
much you've taken every day i take the uh... a hundred milligrams that's all well i that's what my
doctor told me those i think they come in smaller doses but i'm taking a hundred a day every
morning i'm feeling good i take two hundred a day which is what the and consists in the book and
now that's no great for me i'm not on the act is i'm just trying to do my heart some good because i
had some problems with it but you know this book i was reading from before this uh...
one of the heart revolution this guy is very very big doctor mcculley on coq ten this is very
important great stuff i'd like to try get what's in the book again the book is the heart
revolution it's a hardcover heart revolution doctor kilmer mcculley md excellent we need to get that
great i've been having a little problem so i'm feeling better though so i just uh... when i heard
you talk about it sort of made me feel good i heard that you were feeling better so i get my work
okay keep it up thanks so much you bet one away to five sixty wq as we try to nurse ourselves
back to health no way for your doctor to nurse your back to health i think i'm going to have them
is it no
based
and
is
can
It's going to be a few minutes and then it's going to be a little bit more.
It's going to be a little bit more.
It's going to be a little bit more.
One third here is five switching.
I'm actually doing another disadvantage bar here just to get it out of the way to finish these off.
Okay, so they're not laying around.
So no, I'm suspecting a slot comes in here.
Like Josh Freeman.
Who would want him sticking one in his...
Correct.
You know?
These things are grotesque.
Atkins disadvantage bar.
Take it from me.
Don't ever put this anywhere near your push.
And God, don't stick it near your mouth, you might eat it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the 18T wireless line.
You know, I should've known.
I can see I can't really know.
To a degree I know it.
But subconsciously I have to keep...
I have to block it out.
Because if I ever fully accept the notion, not the notion, the reality of what this place is all about,
then I couldn't continue.
I could not do this.
So I have to keep conning myself.
There's a little part of my brain that continues conning me into believing that maybe something is going to change.
Is it going to change?
No.
Through 23 years, no.
But the proof that in the pudding was, yesterday I read what I thought was a really neat column by Howard Kleinberg about the famous restaurant.
Okay, now granted it closed a long time ago, 18 years ago.
But I'm thinking of myself coming to work this morning.
If you were like 30 in 1981, today you're 48.
We got plenty of people listening to our 48.
If you were 25, you're 43, right?
If you were 20, you're 38.
We don't have to be an old fart to remember the famous.
Then we have one call about the famous.
Did anybody give a crap about the greatest goddamn restaurant that was ever here?
No.
And about the shelter water and the whole thing.
What the hell was that?
You didn't hear that beep?
What was that?
I didn't hear it.
We just had a beep.
We just had a...
No, not that.
Get out of here with this.
What's going on over here?
We just had a beep.
That's what we had.
A spontaneous, we got pukes and pops and beeps and bleeps and...
And you didn't even hear it.
WQAM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Okay.
That's Italian restaurant in Hollywood near 441.
Daven Italian restaurant.
What is it?
Daven Italian restaurant.
Daven.
Yes, sir.
That's crazy bread around.
Yes, excellent.
You got to go try this right on the corner of 441 and Hollywood Boulevard.
Okay, thank you so much, sir.
Okay, I'm a little distracted here because that's how we did here, the beep.
What is that?
It's the fat, was it on a paper?
Or ink.
Oh, it's not an ink.
The fax machine is beeping back here, so we got to put some ink in it.
So that's luck that wrote the rumor, no rumor, no 50 million times.
I'm wasting 85 pages of fax paper.
You know, I mean, maybe my doctor's going to fax those blood test results over here sometime today.
Which you called me yesterday, which is very nice.
But I'd like to see the whole thing, you know.
Like Jack Webb used to say.
Just the fax, please doc, maybe he'll fax that over when the fax machine is working again a couple minutes after you ink it up again.
What?
Uh-uh, what?
We don't have any ink.
Well, what do you mean we don't have any ink?
You don't have any in there?
What kind of a f***ing place is this anyway, you know?
I mean, you would think a paper clip, you know, anything, do we have it?
No.
Anybody know where it is?
No.
Anybody got to hold anything in this joint?
No.
Just like yesterday morning, which I didn't even mention on the show yesterday, the satellite goes out.
And now the guy damn fax machine back here, are you sure that's what it is?
I unplugged it, yeah.
But I don't hear the beep coming from over there.
I don't think that's what the property is.
It's coming from over to my right.
It's not coming from the fax machine.
Did you, and you unplugged it?
I bet you the doctor marks going to fax me my stuff now and you unplugged the guy damn fax machine.
It's coming from the right.
WQA and nut house, hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple things.
First of all, I grew up in Philly, uh, Gene Hart.
I liked him.
I didn't hear anybody else, but I liked Gene.
He's in the book.
Um, too many tasty cakes for Gene.
Too many.
Yeah, he put me to get up and down the stairs anymore.
They just have to put him in a wheelbarrow and bring him up.
He loved those tasty cakes.
Yeah.
I got something for you in the, uh,
I mean, that was so bush league, man.
Every time the Philly Flyers would screw or go,
another tasty tasty.
I know the sponsor wanted that, but that was so bush league.
Well, I know that, but that was bush league.
I hated that.
So I got something for you in the New York post today.
Yeah.
One, it's about Larry King.
The Chicago Tribune gossip column has claimed that before King goes on the air at CNN,
he has a stylist painted scalp to make him for his thinning hair.
Really?
Yeah, that's what it says here.
I don't have a bonspot.
Page nine today.
I don't have a bonspot.
See, he does.
The other thing is that, uh,
Groot, he doesn't have a bonspot.
Yeah.
He does.
Groot, and then we'll do it that way.
The prep school is having a wrestling homosexual problem right now.
It says that, uh,
Isn't that redundant?
It might be, yes.
It said that the pupils in the chapel April 1, they talked about reports.
You can see this is Paul K. the guy who's the, uh, chancellor.
Um, the, the, the, the,
The line separating wrestling from horseplay and grobing has been crossed.
An old grotonian who passed along the letter claims that in his day,
the wrestling room was always known as the passion pit for horny young men.
Right.
When they went co-ed in the 70s,
he was supposed to settle down those raging hormones.
I guess nothing changed what they said.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Just after I thought we hit them all straight now with that.
So I read the other day about the guy with the, um, this captain's penis on his arm.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless lines.
So I guess the beeping has stopped.
I have no idea what that was.
And what, it wasn't over there.
Well, somewhere over there,
which there's nothing over there that ought to be beeping,
but it was over there.
Remember that song over there?
Remember that?
Of course not.
WQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I have a QAWA.
What is it?
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know what's worse.
Um, Rimmer show or Andy from Hollywood.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I do.
What?
Andy from Hollywood.
Not a contest.
He's worse than a major disease.
Like, he's worse than terminal illness of any kind that you can name.
Which is deal?
I don't understand.
What is his deal?
He has no life.
That is his deal.
He has no life.
If you cannot say goodbye to him, he's like Greg from Boyton V.
In fact, they're even buddies together.
All these chronicstays have like a little grab ass fraternity with each other.
They call each other.
They play with each other.
He's a no life.
A low life, no life, a scumbag.
Do they have to go to the games, not they?
Huh?
It doesn't have to be a lot.
Not anymore.
He didn't come to the last game or game before that.
He was like, wandered by.
Oh, we're still friends.
I say, yeah, get out of here.
How do you know what he looked like?
Huh?
How do you know what he looked like?
Because he's made because he was coming by for a while.
I didn't know who a while.
I didn't register that it was him the same asshole on the phone until he identified himself.
I read he just played.
He's like, Boyline annoying.
No, no, he's not Borderline annoying.
He's way over the Borderline.
Even Madonna never saw Borderline like him.
He's over the border, sir.
He's annoying.
He's disgusting.
He makes me want to puke.
I'd rather finish eating this at this advantage, Bar.
Look at that.
I hit the whole thing.
And it tastes like crap.
Oh, God.
I'd rather croak than eat another one of these.
And George is wondering how come you're eating it?
I don't know.
I felt like it.
What's sitting here?
Man, I'd rather eat the speaking of that guy with his chewwawa.
I'd rather eat a half a pound of chewawa droppings than this.
Garbage.
Man, Dr. Atkins, how could you put your name on something that is so grotesque?
Guy, how could you do it?
Guy with.
And that's what makes you do, too, by the way.
If he had enough of that, makes you wish a lot.
5.670560.
QAM, hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
I know an Italian restaurant you've been to.
It's called Pinga Denture to Walk.
Yeah, how pinga this, OK?
One track, Cuban, another one.
One track, mine.
Pinga, pinga, pinga, pinga, pinga, pinga, pinga, pinga, pinga.
That's it.
I'd be embarrassed.
I don't know why you're searching.
What's in New York?
What are you talking about?
I would have been in the open.
I was just kidding.
In New York, I was just kidding.
In New York, I was just kidding.
In New York, I was just kidding.
In New York, I was just kidding.
In New York, I was just kidding.
QAM, not the Marriolitos.
QAM, hello.
What the hell is that, Neo?
The only place in America, you always see people going up and down the street still in the rubber raft.
Unbelievable.
Thank God we're right down by sea level.
Neo, I overheard that the Monaco's coming to town.
What?
Monaco is coming to town.
Monaco is coming to town.
Oh, Monaco, Lewinsky.
And?
Is she?
I don't know and I don't care.
Well, in a second.
Do you care whether she's coming to town?
What's the matter of fact, I wanted to get in autographs.
For what?
Well, that's a collectible.
Yeah, okay.
Good luck to you, sir.
Another no life.
Send him a cheer life.
We're going to start taking phone numbers.
All you people in no lives at all.
We'll send you a cheer life.
Okay, maybe you can sprout something.
All the way down it.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neo.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Just a little milk for you and your caller is about a Y2K situation.
Oh, here we go, man.
Wow, no, wait a minute.
Look at my shovel out.
Okay.
Real quick.
I'm going to need a mail this morning from a good friend of mine in Hawaii, never.
Yeah.
How's Jack going to do it?
It's about these doing great.
It's about the VCR setup.
And people who are selling VCRs are telling most of the consumers that they can not advance, record anything once the year 2000,
unless you get one that's updated.
So you need to buy one, a new one that's updated.
That's not true.
The thing that everybody needs to do is set your VCRs back to 1972.
That's the same calendar year, exists as the year 2000.
Right.
And you'll never have to buy another VCR until it breaks out.
So then you won't have a 2K problem.
Okay.
Let's just roll note that passed along.
Thanks a lot, Neo.
Thank you so much.
All righty.
There you go.
There's some good advice for you.
Okay.
There's some sound advice.
Instead of getting ripped off and going out and throwing your VCR on the trash.
And probably whoever told you that wants to go and check your trash in the morning while you're sleeping and pick out your old appliances out of there that you threw up because they fed you a bunch of horse crap.
So tragically said, you know, in Denver just a couple days ago, I told you they tested the whole thing with a Y2K with the power and the, uh...
Now what was that?
What is doing the beeping?
It's something over here.
It's either in the, uh... it's in one of these things over here.
Now, and then did you plug this back in, by the way?
No.
No.
This connected me from the outside world on my fax machine that I'm waiting breathlessly for something that I actually might have some interest in.
And there's a beeping coming from like, uh... either the DCS or there's some monitor down here or the phone or the bottles of water on the floor from the Colorgon man.
Something is beeping over here, okay?
It might be what?
How could it be the phone?
It makes like someone who's not on one side of someone's body.
Hey, it might as well be unplugged, okay?
Maybe the phone is rebelling against the screenless.
I don't have any idea.
It's the Greg Reed FNWay man, the bush league, the cheapest, the most amateur hour, the most bush league.
And these people that work in this joint, I've never seen such a bunch of hundredlings in my life.
Whatever swill he throws their way.
They just got their tongue out all the way on the floor.
I come in here in the morning and they're all out there with their tongues, lapping it off the floor.
Oh, yes, Greg.
Yes, Max.
Yes, Max.
And what do you say, Max?
And he's going, huh?
Are you scratching that spot on his head?
Huh?
WQAM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I remember the famous.
Here's a guy.
I remember the restaurant that's worth talking about.
I remember the cafeteria that was right down the street from it.
What's that?
I remember the name of it.
I just remember going there.
Yeah.
It was a real focuffellate used to hang out there a lot.
But it was a very good cafeteria and the restaurant was there.
I'm not talking about a cafeteria.
I'm talking about the famous.
Who cares about a cafeteria?
Well, you got to remember it.
It was right down the street.
Right on call.
Yeah, good.
So it's some derelicts right down the street, too.
Okay.
Here's the guy that remembers the famous and he wants us to talk about it.
No, he wants to talk about a cafeteria.
Does he know the name of it?
No.
No.
That's...
There you go.
Oh, send him a chialife, okay?
Send this guy to chialize in case the first one commits suicide.
Even without Dr. Jack.
Man, that was a great call, sir.
God bless you for letting all our visitors understand what this place is all about.
That was beautiful.
What is that?
That's machine ink.
I'll change it in a second.
But we've got the problem.
But we've got the problem.
But we've got the problem.
Don't let him take it away, though.
Once we get a hold of it, don't take it away.
We'll never see it again.
There's a beeping over on this side.
There's something beeping.
Not now, like, intermentally.
Every now and then, like, yeah, once in a while.
Maybe it's Josh Friedman.
Maybe he's in the...
Maybe it's Fatboy.
Maybe he's in the other room and...
He's beeping on it.
Are you Aaron?
Shit like this.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
Just like one who I used to know.
Yes!
Where are the longs for trims and far's atrims?
Yes!
So very long ago.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
All right.
With every force, you'll find I'm right.
Take your days, be very and bright.
Man, name.
All the people, never give up.
He why don't you give up?
132-560.
WDQM got that Goldberg short too from Shulestek.
Six o'clock.
We got Donnie B.
Talking baseball.
Any interest?
No.
And 635.
We got the Marlins in the match in New York again.
Another disaster coming up.
And also we got the Panthers on 790 on Waxi.
Panthers...
What does that say?
Oh, they got the right team.
Montreal Canadians are last game at the arena for some of us at the Macarena.
They will play Tampa Bay on Saturday.
Are we going to that?
No.
Not if you got a brain.
Not if you have any kind of a life at all.
WDQM, hello.
I'm just here to defend myself.
The indefensible, OK?
Asshole.
Major obnoxious oozing and disgusting asshole.
WDQM, hello.
Yeah.
Is this Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil, did they mention Piper High on that book at all?
APX?
In what book?
The best of.
Oh, did they mention Piper High on the City Line?
Yes.
Not that I saw.
Now they said the best station was Zeta.
OK.
I think Captain Ovo paid him off or else, you know,
blew somebody over there for this one.
Because they gave us Zeta.
They were raving about Zeta.
Anybody I know listen to Zeta?
No.
I remember when Zeta used to be good in the morning.
WDQM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do you know if any good Hawaiian restaurants are the main ones?
Yeah, Monokai.
WDQM, hello.
QAM.
WDQM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got one for you.
Genes 5 and 10.
Restaurant.
What is it?
Genes 5 and 10 in North Miami.
Uh-huh.
Chronic.
Chronic.
What do you mean that's one of the chronic Holyotes?
Yeah, that voice.
That voice.
That genes 5.
Who knows?
It doesn't make any difference what it is.
It's nothing.
It's kaka.
It's like everything that comes out of his mouth.
It's bad.
It comes out of every orifice in his body.
WDQM, hello.
WDQM, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up with your Gatza Mishbuka?
How you doing?
Okay.
You're looking for good old restaurants?
No, I'm not.
I was talking about an article about the famous restaurant.
I'm not looking for a good old restaurant.
I'm talking about a specific old restaurant.
And I get a guy that tells me about a cafeteria up the road somewhere where they eat in horse meat or something.
Well, give me a little clue and I could probably tell you what it is.
I know everything.
No clue of what?
What's the old one you're looking for?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
All right.
Let me cut to the chase.
Can I have the tickets?
The tickets for what?
The lighting.
WQM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, Neil. What's going on?
I don't know.
It's a magic question.
I was here.
You, uh, poke fun of a book, shall we?
Yeah.
How big is the man?
480.
For real?
570, 480.
560, 530.
That's a good old egg.
A foot three, 620 pounds.
What would you say the boosters go on these days?
400 easy?
That's all.
Really?
No, wait a minute.
I'm asking Jill Castello.
380?
310, my ass.
And believe me, my ass is about 310.
I'd say 330.
Wow.
And he's been doing it for five years.
Huh?
Five eight?
Five three.
No.
Like the beast, yeah.
So he's sort of like, uh, what's the guy with a channel six?
David?
Oh, no.
David Games, much taller.
David Shamby comes up to David Games, Pupik.
I don't remember when you were pretty fat, man.
I thought you'd like about 12, 13 years ago.
Yeah.
And you did a pretty good job.
I'm like, boo Shamby, sir.
I have never.
And then believe me, I looked like a big fat slide when I was that fat.
I was a big fat slide.
I'm a little chubby now, but not like that.
Around this part, they call me slim around here now.
Well, if you want to look good, just stand next to boo.
Okay.
All right, I'll go.
Thanks.
Joe had a good idea.
We could do an office pool, guess boo's wait, and have a weigh-in on your scale there.
Well, that's a good idea.
Only who the hell's going to get a hold of him?
He won't come in for that.
He's very uptight about that, I understand.
Yeah, he's a good guy.
I saw him in the restroom there that he had some of the henna stuff he was doing on his
hair.
That's what you do in boo, and he says, I'm dying on the wind.
I mean, nobody really has orange hair.
Okay, only in comic books.
Comic book characters have purple hair, blue hair, and orange hair.
Now down here in South Florida, we do have much blue hair.
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh!
I think you do.
But orange hair and purple hair, uh-uh.
Only in comic books and boogsters.
In fact, I heard somebody refer to him the other day as the old redhead, which of course
was red barber, the old orangehead, boogshobby, and a Marlon broadcaster.
Oh!
WQAM, hello.
Wimmer is looking for brown eye.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Joe, how's it going?
Okay.
Can I stick with Neil?
No chance.
WQAM, hello.
You know, the famous was great.
Yeah.
And with the salsa bottles and the conishes on the table.
And you actually ate there.
Yeah.
And left with a lot of heartbreak.
Uh-huh.
But it was all you good.
Tough cabbage, the dharma, all that crap.
Yeah.
The kiski.
Kiski, all that stuff.
Oh, go ahead.
Glad you had a good meal.
Okay, let one out.
Okay, it feels better now.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, this is Neil.
Speaking.
Is this George?
No, it's not George.
If you want me to tell you I'm George, I'm George.
Okay, Kephasa.
Kephasa.
How are you doing?
Okay, Kephasa.
Oh, sorry.
I was just listening to the radio.
Well, I'm doing screen-list today.
How could it be George?
He's not answering the phone.
He's sitting in there with his head in his hands,
wondering, uh, contemplating his life.
Oh, no.
Well, listen, I just want to tell you,
the Boston Bruins have taken the cup this year.
Yeah.
You want to tell me.
Like that, like that, like that, say, uh,
because you say it, it makes it so.
Exactly.
You only cuped it,
and I have this one on their, uh, on their private, okay?
Uh-huh.
I don't know where he's like, they do air every year, sir.
They got a nice team.
They're not going anywhere.
They'll never survive the first round.
That's what everybody else tells me.
And then they're right.
They got a nice team.
I like to end Pat Bruins' great,
but you'll never make it past the first round.
Trust me, okay?
I'm here to tell you, don't bet the ranch.
They're not going anywhere.
He's here to tell me they're going to take the cup.
Uh-uh.
Call one of the sports shows and talk crap like that, okay?
And by the way, since you're so draft-intensive,
how about suggesting the dolphins might draft a couple of white guys, huh?
Ah!
All right. It's just for variety, all right?
You're looking for glory holes.
See you other night I watched a wrestling match with big smooth men with sweaty tracks.
They would try to grab each other's ass,
wearing something more than a tiny g-strap.
But when they rang the bell and the match was over,
I couldn't help but notice I had a big boner.
Yeah, I want a wee wrestler.
Okay!
And have a man's crotch wrapped around my mouth.
Yeah.
I want a wee wrestler.
Press the wrestler.
It's just pushing inside and out.
Welcome.
Oh, I admit it seems a little gay.
Stick my hand between another man's legs.
All right.
So when I pull my hands away,
I get to sell my fingers.
You know that other than some time to train,
you don't need to have much of a brain,
as long as in the shower after you work out.
You don't mind lacing someone's balls in your mouth.
I know that white scenes can be messy and too melty.
That's why they like to rub that KY on their belly.
I want a wee wrestler.
And retaining more runs just like you.
Or you?
I want a wee wrestler.
And maybe run for governor too.
As long as it attracts the crowd,
I don't mind going down.
I don't rub it in these illnesses or locks with the clumpy queers.
144 at 560 W. Cam, we're doing an office pool.
We got a big plastic bucket.
We thought just say it and to get the plastic bucket.
And we'll take an office pool up on how much the books directly weighs.
I'm guessing what did I say 290?
I'm going for 390.
George is putting in for 300.
Joe Castellos says 310.
We're putting 5 bucks a piece in the big plastic bucket.
Just say get in the rhymes with bucket.
And whoever is the closest wins the pool.
The book pool.
Now you do understand we got a way till he comes back from the road trip.
Oh you know, in the way to me, we never thought about that.
We got a factor in he's in New York with all those great restaurants.
We got a factor in how, now when do the marlins come back home?
What day do we know have any idea?
Joe will have to look that up with the sports nerds and find out when the marlins come back home.
All you guys out there that are going to enter the pool.
Keep that in mind.
You might want to adjust and evaluate your guess based on how much poundage you can add on
while he's in the big city.
WQAM.
Neil.
Yes sir.
You know what I think?
I think we should put him on the advantage bars.
The disadvantage bars?
Yeah.
I get around to bowl 160 in about three weeks.
Listen, I say 317 baby.
Have you ever a, have you seen him?
I've seen it.
I saw him once.
But I think he's bigger now.
How long ago was that?
I think it was like 70 months ago.
Oh forget it.
You're not, you're not even in this year's, that was last year's pool poundage try.
Now seriously, he's ballooned up.
In fact, that's our next poll question.
Who's, who's ballooning up faster?
Jeff D. Flourist or the Booster?
I mean, I'm not saying D. Flour is anywhere near that weight.
But if he keeps going into this pace, if Booster slows down just a little bit,
the D. Flour might catch him because every morning you can, you can see him expanding.
It's like watching one of those slow mo freeze frames thing, you know,
you can seem getting a little bigger and bigger and bigger.
Scary.
It's the fat joint.
Anybody out there ever seen a fat joint?
Yes.
A QAM, hello.
Hello, no.
Yes.
How are you?
Okay.
Over in Pimper Pment for your eckens, the gnashing.
Yes.
There's a place called Delight.
They're all over the place.
Listen, listen.
They've got good, good soft.
It's very good.
It's good and soft.
I like it when I talk.
Trust me when I talk.
You know, another good soft what?
Chocolate, vanilla, all kinds of different flavors.
They've got everything.
Oh, what?
I was like yogurt and stuff.
Yogurt and stuff?
But it's good.
Trust me, it's better than like having a state to eat in between meals.
It's the in that advantage stuff.
I wouldn't wish that on an eating.
Absolutely.
I spit it out.
I went back and got my back back.
I always spit it out too.
That's a good idea.
What I mean is going around these days.
Good idea.
When in doubt, spit it out.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Neil, you look like a fat toad.
Okay, thank you.
WQAM, hello.
That's the highest compliment I've had this year.
QAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay.
This is what I got.
QP is for you.
Yeah.
If the Pope ever ate something from the kiss,
it'd say, just me on first.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Big report.
Yeah.
I just saw a book.
Yeah.
Week.
Isn't that pathetic?
Week and week and it gets weaker and weaker.
You can't complain about their material because they don't have it.
Week.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
QAM.
345 pounds.
Okay, we'll lose some weight fat, so.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, it's a good meal.
Speaking.
Still, Johnny, oh, listen, I want to thank you about Johnny, Johnny, oh, Johnny, oh, oh, from
Colorado Springs, listen, my kids are from school.
I love to let them listen to your show, get to show them all the idiots that call up that, you know, I want to show them to
bunch of moms and grow up not to be like those moms calling in.
Great.
All right, buddy.
Okay, Johnny.
See ya.
See how to, what's his name too, Fredo?
Wasn't Fredo, tight with Johnny, oh, nothing.
Yeah, right.
How about Superman, do you ever meet him?
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I believe that the beef is coming from, yeah, from Uranus.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, there's a big little bag in the church.
Yeah, and, and, and, I know that's it.
That's the point.
And WQAM, hello.
You're all up, bunch of the chicken eggs.
WQAM.
Neil, my queen.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
There is no way a new stadium was going to make any difference for these marlins.
I don't know what they're thinking.
What new stadium?
What new stadium?
I won't rest until I make sure that now one penny of public funds goes to building a new stadium.
No matter what the putt whackers, the sportswhackers around his joint, or the newspaper pours sportswhackers thing, a bunch of crap.
I agree with you.
I mean, they may have a...
There is absolutely, positively no interest whatsoever.
Okay, and you know something?
I hate to break the news to the Mike Mayo and all these other dickheads that we got in his town.
But the fact is that somehow we survived here, long before we had a baseball team.
You know what?
Somehow we got along.
Absolutely.
You know what will happen?
The first few days everyone comes to take a team out, then we got to that.
It'll be dead again.
Just like Montreal where they had seven frogs in their last night and two of them were buffos.
Take care, Neil.
Okay, back at you.
Stadium my fat ass, okay?
