Okay.
Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Goat in Tongue
to Neil called 560-0560 Gold-free for Dayton Rower or pound 560 on yourself.
The opinions of Neil is cast, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect
those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
He is still a world of biggest assholes.
Here Tom Dennerberg.
Tom Dennerberg.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
How take a smile?
You friends and I could who come from the UK.
Charming and pleasant in a quite friendly way.
A sense of humour to make someone chuckle.
I saw glue they caused women's leisure buckle.
He was caught by coppin Hollywood.
They say that he was the pinnacle.
Fins on that crying it costs a big mob when you got a hooker.
And got a blow job.
Hill girls hit a blow job.
All right.
In the back seat she went down on his nose.
Stop broke it up they saw her head bob when you got a hooker and got a blow job.
English don't have sex they drink too much tea.
Unless you're part of the royal family.
But you risk not like that he's no legal snob so it got a hooker.
He got a blow job.
Get a hooker and get a blow job.
In the back seat you went down on his nose.
Okay.
He comes to get up they saw her head bob when you got a hooker and got a blow job.
He got a blow job.
Yeah he got a blow job.
You're okay.
He's not a puppet so I was in favor.
It's 10.02 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Wednesday.
Welcome to the land of rampant repression boys and girls.
Welcome to the police state known as the United States of whatever it is.
By the way did you know that the first what you think the first hit record by the BG was?
Just before the left Australia and went to back to Britain.
The name of their first hit record was Spix and Specks.
Well excuse me.
Yeah.
How can you imagine if they came out and they do live out here on Star Island last time I checked.
Some of them.
I think Andy's hanging around out there.
Specks and Specks they could come back here like they do.
I do what we make.
Spix and Spooks would be good.
What do you say?
That was SPIC.
Of course but nevertheless.
Yeah they had a VH1 thing on last night which was not nearly as depressing as the JND one.
By the way let's talk about JND today.
No.
And yeah come on let's recycle some of those great hits.
Let's get sidewalk surfing out again today.
Come on let's do it.
It was pretty entertaining and then of course the next star which I guess you saw some of.
And I shut immediately off was about Andy Gibb.
And being the little masochist that you are I guess you watched that why the hell would you want to see that I won.
You're still alive and he's dead.
11 years ago he's dead Andy Gibb won't see him no more 30 years old he was too successfully without a white powder.
Anyway the most besides the bar with school board thing which we'll get to in a second and again the hero continues to show their.
Back to the entire world boy you're a bunch of assholes over there at the herald you know what you know unbelievable.
Typical editorial just exactly what you'd expect from the moral leaders of South Florida the Miami herald who never stole four freight trains.
Just unbelievable but I'll get to that in a second the most shocking thing of the day.
Student told not to display the star David and Gulf port Mississippi they had this poor kid kind of a goofy kid by the way with orange here.
But they had him on this morning and of course being in Gulf port Mississippi it expected them to have orange here.
Was wearing a star David in the school board decided to that in fact school boards all over America I think are dropping acid that's the problem they're all crazy there's something in the drinking water.
Can't wear that star David because it might be mistaken for a gang symbol.
And they had him on there with his step parents or whatever this morning step mother and his father.
By the way you'll be very excited to know that this kid's father's name is Tom Green.
Okay I got it.
The American Civil Liberties Union says it will sue a school district in Gulf port Mississippi that barred a Jewish student from displaying a star David necklace because the administrator spirit that it could be mistaken for a gang symbol.
High school officials had told Ryan Green that he could wear the necklace but not where it could be seen.
Oh and by the way he said this morning that no they can't even do that even if he puts it under his shirt you know they still said no no can't do.
Can't do it Sally can't do it.
David Ingrambrutson head of the ACL of Mississippi he was under this morning so Green's family agreed Tuesday to challenge the policy in federal court nice going Tom Green stick it to him baby.
See as a person who is just vehemently opposed to the whole business of organized religion in the first place but nevertheless still respect the fact that we do have rights if you want to practice whatever crap you want as long as you don't hurt anybody.
It's your business that's supposed to be the American effort wave of guess what it's not it's not.
There's some that he wanted to do this not only for himself but others who might be affected by the policy in the future.
Tom Green told the Harrison County School Board on Monday that the necklace symbolizes the Sun's religious convictions that he didn't want to suddenly afraid to express those beliefs in public.
I don't appreciate calling the star David a gang symbol he told the board.
The board voted unanimously talking about school boards on acid the board voted unanimously to uphold the policy to keep students from wearing anything that could be considered a gang symbol not that we're paranoid about gangs or anything like that.
Law enforcement official say some gang symbols incorporated six pointed stars but normally have other elements such as a letter or a pitchfork a pitchfork.
This is not a religious issue said Frank Baskin ace books them for the Harrison County Sheriff's Office. This is a safety issue.
So I guess what he's really trying to say I think you hit it on the head is that if the other kids know he's a Jew got up to do with gangs.
If they see that it's a star David that this is a Jew he's got real real serious problem.
Oh exactly a gang symbol cross how about kids at work cross can it work cross no how about under their shirt no no.
Crucifix deep inside their back no that's bad too remember what Linda Blair said to do with it.
Huh huh huh huh huh huh yeah I know she gave us the demonstration but nevertheless this is America more and more repression baby it's getting bad get them get out of the passport office right now get thee to a passport office.
I'm telling you right now because it's becoming more and more and more censorship more and more repression more and more anti human more and more taken away your rights.
And like I said instead of getting all those assault weapons off the street that's a lot easier to say ban all the video games and do this and do that and all a lot more censorship.
Just like this business we got with the FCC here which I find out today another one of the bits that we're playing the FCC is psychotic about anal sex okay.
Which means probably a lot of people up there working that organization with a sore rectum something like that they're really uptight about it if you pardon that expression.
But nobody has figured that story out yet nobody has found it yet.
Just amazing to me I mean you know bees on a house that's a big story in this town but you know FCC threatening fines and the this chilling business about free speech that I've not a story nobody cares about their crap.
Okay thank you.
We'll get to the Abraward School Board and their spineless gutless pathetic and the Harold as well at least one thing about the Harold are consistent and Barry Jackass today.
I noticed they didn't put it on the front page this time by the way way on the back page of the Harold's fourth section is a little tiny piece which very by the way couldn't get a little tiny piece it is like dependent on it but there's a little tiny piece on the back page by Barry Jackass.
17 hundred the fan talks to feature Armando Salguero and Jim Barry the anxious Jim Barry despised by all reviled by most and despised by all.
So we got a lot of good stuff going on there and then we'll get to our Jane and Dean stuff.
9 minutes after 10 at 560 WQAM.
Once you pick up the phone and call our good friends to try concepts and make a call to them not not to obligate yourself anything but just ask for their great brochure they have that will show you the amazing rug and specially cleaning facility they've got for it.
The Oriental rug cleaning joint is got it in my hand right now an amazing thing they spent a lot of money to build this facility to do the best possible job in the world nobody else in Florida can do it to clean your area rugs and Oriental rugs like they can.
There's no obligation at all just call one of the numbers I'm going to give you a second and say hey I'd like to get that brochure and take a peek at it you'll be amazed.
And of course they're also proud as the rightfully they should be of the great job they doing of dry clean your carpets in your home nobody in the world doesn't like they do they come in and suck out even the deepest down dirt and make even the worst looking carpets in the world look just like brand new.
You can't beat them that's why I've been using them for over 15 years in my home.
So pick up your instrument column at the Nade County 305 930 36 36 930 36 in Broward 595 4 58 147 39 58 147 39 in Palm Beach County 5 619 3047 39 and be sure to ask them for that brand new free brochure you'll be astonished when you take a peek at it in your home or in their plant always depend on dry concepts.
This is 560 QAM.
Yes? I'm hitting it.
I'm hitting it.
I'm hitting it.
I have no tanks on.
I'm dancing in the huge right now.
I'm shaking my own mouth under the words.
Watch out with lagoons when I jerk.
It's waving in wagons.
I like to watch it laugh and up and down.
I shake my legs with my happy feet to make my butt much who work.
Come on, let's go dancing with no tanks on.
Come on, let's go dancing with no tanks on.
Okay.
Come on, everybody take your tanks off.
Now.
Hi, we're using most junk.
Not really a lot of it when I'm swinging around.
Yeah, I can take this day.
And let me show you how it works.
Yeah.
Come on, let's go dancing with no tanks on.
Come on, let's go dancing with no tanks on.
Come on, everybody take your tanks off.
Now.
That's what's getting 560 WQ8.
So, let me just explain it before we even get to the guide
day in school board thing.
Here's another great piece today by René Rodriguez,
who's the movie critic in the hero.
Nice going, René, whoever you are.
And this is a classic example of what I'm talking about.
And of course, the public out there, you know, they're not concerned about the
freedom because they don't even understand what the guide damn freedoms are in the first place.
Oh, what are something about a first amendment?
And of course, they're all worked up about the guide damn second amendment,
which they also don't understand.
They must be a militia members.
Of course, now militia's got a new meaning.
Movie ratings board needs reality check rights.
René Rodriguez in the hero.
Nice going, like I said, René.
One of the best articles that nobody will read, which is why I better read it.
As an intractable self-righteous bulldog who thrives on media attention,
shrugs off the bashing of arbitrary movie ratings.
There's nothing more than whining from cultural a-ledists.
Jack Valenti, motion picture association of American president,
is plenty familiar with criticism.
But he even, he might be bristling now for it's been a long, hot summer for the MPAA's
classification and ratings administration.
First came the flap over South Park,
vigorous, longer run on cut, slapped with an NC-17,
no children under 17 allowed for it's admittedly looted humor.
The teen comedy American pie had to be edited four times,
four times before landing in R,
mostly because of a scene in which a horny teenager
savored an apple pie a little bit too enthusiastically,
and of course stuck his **** in it.
Most notoriously, there was eyes wide shut,
and the box branded with the adults only rating for its graphic or GC.
And now the ratings board is working its mischief on the ads for two movies
though, on Friday, setting a new a high for the MPAA's in Namely Arbitrary Nature,
or I think what you should say Renee, a new low.
The board objected to the proposed TV spot for teaching Mrs. Tingle,
which we talked about yesterday.
What's his name again?
Barry Watson, how you doing Barry?
Anyway, they objected the proposed TV spot for this movie.
We a PG-13 comedy about high school students who kidnapped their malicious teacher
to force her to change her bullying ways.
In the ad, co-stars Katie Holmes and Barry Watson see Mrs. Tingle's dog
licking a wine bottle.
You think Mrs. Tingle's dog is an alcoholic?
Watson asks, wouldn't you be home as your plies?
The MPAA is reasoning for the rejecting the spot.
It's promoting teen drinking.
How do you like that?
Here's a dog licking a wine bottle.
It's promoting teen drinking.
Maybe the dog is a teenager.
And you could have made it to his teens that he keeps doing that.
Or maybe he will.
Worked for Wine, Signed Churchill.
A bottle a day keeps the whatever away.
And Mickey Blue-Wise also rated PG-13 the Grim Reaper.
They want to mention him.
Hugh Grandplays and Art Dealer, whose fiancee has ties to the mob.
The film's trailer included a quick glimpse of a painting of a fat-bottomed woman
based on a real-life classic, Flemish artwork.
The MPAA demanded that the woman's rear be covered by a digitally created thong
before they would approve the trailer for Euclidon theaters.
When an incense grant went to the end, you know,
if I can interrupt my reading of the circle, can I do it?
Yes. Thank you.
I was watching a piece on CBC last night about Hitchcock,
the story of his life and all those movies.
And in Psycho, one of the people involved in the production
was the lamenting the fact that they, and Hitchcock,
is the one who cut it out because he knew that they never let it go.
There was an overhead view of what's her name from,
generally, in the showercine.
And it showed her ass.
And they had to cut it out because they knew that it would never have passed the mother.
And how many years ago was that?
About 6,000 years ago? Psycho? For Christ's sake?
Anyway, it says when an incense grant went to the MPAA to plead his case.
One board member told him, we know this is nonsense,
but there are people in America who would be offended by painting as a bear buttocks.
I mean, this is just unbelievable.
We have to now, everything we do in America has to be based on,
do we want to offend anybody? If that's the case,
why? See, this show is all over with.
That's just, that's the end.
If everything we have to do in this country is based by whether it might offend somebody,
then that's the end of entertainment, as we know it.
Nonsense might be too mild a word to describe the rating board's reactionary state
since the horrifying shooting at Columbine High School and the alarming wave of similar incidents that have followed,
Hollywood movies have come under extreme scrutiny taking their share of the blame for these inexplicable tragedies.
It's a telling sign that later this year director Oliver Stone will have to defend himself against the suit
claiming he made natural born killers to consciously drive viewers into a murderous frenzy.
Whether or not violent films breed violence is open to endless debate,
but it's sex and profanity, not violence, that the MPA continues to fixate on.
The unnecessarily sadistic rap scene in the general's daughter was deemed our friendly,
so was the bone crushing violence in the matrix.
And then it goes on about the other ones that they're all psychotic about.
It says nothing in American crime, not even the infamous pie coupling,
can compare to the sheer rhodgeness of the showercene in 1981's Porkeys, which was rated R.
Today Porkeys, no doubt what again, the NC17.
So basically what we're saying and what I'm telling you is that we're moving backwards.
Here it's 18 years after 1981 when Porkeys got an R and some I'll pass the mustard,
pass the mustard, please.
And here we are 18 years later and we're moving backwards.
Because just like I predicted now, everything in entertainment, video games, movies, radio shows,
TV shows, you name it. It's all responsible for people blowing each other's brains.
Guns don't kill each other, movies make people kill each other.
Bullets don't kill people, people who see a too many naked buttocks in movies,
they're the ones that go nuts and they go out and blow each other's brains out.
Not kids being all screwed up on prescription drugs.
I mean this country, the superficial band-aid approach to every goddamn social problem in this country is terrifying.
If it's mind boggling, you're talking about rampant-
I mean, I do want to put in editorial in chastising you voters in the aid county for more than two to one voting against the goddamn sales tax.
That's okay.
But when it comes to anything I have to do with sex with morality, the herald is on the Lord's side.
They want you to know that.
They start out by saying in their editorial this morning, the Broward School Board reached a sensible compromise on Tuesday.
Did they reach a sensible compromise? No.
No, they sure didn't.
In dealing with its messy dilemma with two teachers who were arrested this winter at a sex club,
it left them on suspension but continued their pay for nine months,
pending administrative hearings on the facts and the law.
Given the moral, murk and equivocal public sentiment about sex clubs that surround these cases, this struck a fair balance.
But the board should not allow these cases to set precedent for a new policy on disciplinary actions that could,
as some suggested, move future cases behind closed doors.
And it goes on to compare their arrest with the teachers who might be arrested for drugs, weapons, misbehavior with a child,
stealing a freight train, et cetera, and so on.
As if there's any comparison.
Is there any comparison? No. No, but that's okay.
Don't confuse the editorial board of the herald.
The goody two shoes, the moral leaders of our community who are going to keep those evil one arm bandits out of here come hell or high water.
And we better not have too much high water because it gets in Mickey's way. It's bad for business.
Although embarrassed, it goes on to say in a herald this morning,
these teachers might have been fired without any public debate over whether they're behavior violated professional conduct codes.
The two teachers who both teach high school coincidentally found themselves at the same club last January engaged in sexual activities with others.
The Broward Sheriff's Office raided it and another club arresting 50 people, including the teachers on ludeness charges.
How come it doesn't mention here by the way that the charges were dropped against one of the teachers?
Oh, I see it does.
Which makes the art of, it makes the editorial ludicrous on its face.
It says yet one is being prosecuted while the other isn't the split decision among prosecutors fairly reflect splits and public opinion over both privacy and morality.
See split decision on this one is one isn't so in other words just get get your legs chased up realize get your rectum nice and chafed there by riding the fence like B foe.
Is what they're really saying.
So the board is being compassionate toward the teachers while wisely letting a trained administrative law judge sort out this tangle.
And here come here comes the best every time I think I've read the most inane sentence in history of editorials in a hero they come up and even better one.
But unless it is denudes with other cases of teachers arrested at semi public orgies it should not let it should let these cases remain anomalies not examples for the future.
Teachers arrested at semi public orgies.
This is the way the hero views sex clubs semi public orgies with their own spouse.
Oh, I'm sorry. Don't confuse the facts.
Rather than take a position that nobody in the community and overwhelmingly so far the opinion is and I saw that you have the news clip this morning speaker after speaker get up there including a bunch of old fart saying go back to the business of teaching a kid and stop persecuting these teachers and get your nose out of their goddamn private parts.
And let's go on with life and cut the crap over and over they were getting up there saying that but the school board of course they're like a little bit on a.
So they take the easy way out.
They make it look like they're doing a good thing and all will continue to put you on suspension will find something for you to do and we'll pay you we'll put you back to pay and we'll let some judge figure this out because we're two spineless and gutless to say hey if none of our business and go back into a good job of teaching which you were doing in the first place and good teachers are god damn hard to find.
And we ought to be concerned about good teachers and not who they're banging.
And by the way is there any more in here about the story about the cops with those hookers down there and Kendall no and a cops up in Orlando who are caught on videotape no.
I mean I'm you know it just reached the point it's an American thing but especially in this town we have probably the worst two newspapers of any major market and I use the term loosely but at least in terms of population any major market America the two worst newspapers.
You can be they can always dependent upon to come up with crap never to tell it like it is never to have any courage any balls just a panda and panda and and tell it like they think you want to see it.
And just and just like with the thing on the penny sales tax I hate to break the news to you at the hero and just like the thing with your view on casino gambling I hate to break the news to you but you're very much into minority in this town very very much in a minority and the people that you're pandering to they don't read your god damn paper either they hate you like poison.
So you just whistling in the dark you just farting in a wind storm is what you're doing over there with the herald.
God what an embarrassing rag.
1026 at 560 WQ I am Greg reading his buddies put on a show for you here today.
So funny repulsors you more.
I'm going to be a little bit more.
I'm going to be a little bit more.
I'm going to be a little bit more.
I'm going to be a little bit more.
I'm going to be a little bit more.
I'm going to be a little bit more.
I'm going to be a little bit more.
And this morning the story they're pointing out the fact that all these people are getting up screaming and yelling about let the teachers go back let them do their thing.
And then we have basically a spineless school board is what it's all about.
560 705 60 pound 565 705 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in the naples.
Hi Neil.
Good morning sir.
Hey over here on the west coast.
Beasley Broadcasting treated us to crap.
Speaking of crap.
I'd like to say nice going Joey see for letting us listen to the worst theme.
What does that mean?
That means that nobody came into the studio till 8 o'clock.
Well, Joey see is the program director.
He don't roll out of bed till about 930.
And usually Joe is in there and Joe and Ryan are there in the morning.
And instead we were treated to crap.
What does that mean?
They were usually there.
They just didn't show off.
Joe Scott might have gotten a better offer from another company and jumped ship.
Like to say Joey see you're a jackass.
Thanks for the good news sir.
Nobody over here cares.
560 560 and obviously the audience doesn't care.
Just like I said before when I brought this up the first time about the teachers and swing clubs.
Nobody gives a crap except the rest of the world is looking on.
Everybody in their brother is looking on.
But nobody down here cares except the few people that bother to share up there along with 8 million people from the media at the Broward School Board meeting yesterday.
Oh yeah that's the other point.
My mind is wondering because I got Sam coming in here with all kinds of hazerwai.
Nice job on at Golf Tournament Sam.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing today?
Tell me what's wrong with this picture.
Just because you have a couple of teachers that were constructing adults and a private club will pay big money to be there.
They want them to try to get them fired.
But then you have a president who's having sex on the job who's supposed to be in charge of this country.
The fact is that it's nobody's business whether it's the president's business whether it's the school teachers business.
And the point that they're trying to make which I forgot for the second time is that the teachers while are on the suspension with the pay now that they can do whatever they assign them to as long as they don't go anywhere near students.
So again the inference being that because they were at this consenting adult sex club they must be perverts.
Don't let them anywhere near children.
Well you know that's something the argument they're saying is they weren't even on the job.
Here's the president's on the job and nothing happened to him so why should anything happen to these teachers.
I mean the bottom line is.
But the fact is that it did.
Yeah but you know what?
It's all this stuff is done behind closed doors to leave alone.
What does that mean?
Oh what stuff is done behind closed okay okay there you go that was a good conversation.
But what did he mean what language was that guy speaking and does anybody know.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 I mean it's great you know let's let's talk about Jan and Dean again today is what I said that's what I should have stuck with.
This is a place where you people out there and I've been doing this for a hundred years you do not care okay you just don't give a crap about things that any ordinary people.
In any reasonable place would care about believe me when I tell you this is not a real place.
This is La La Land.
This is the end of the freaking earth here.
Here's a mobile and Oakland Park. Hello.
Good morning.
What's that?
Okay sir.
Yeah I'm getting back to what you're talking about the miles on the TVs and I've not seen anybody killing anybody with a 27 inch sunny.
Yeah.
You know when you get my drift you know.
Violence and people happens to be it starts at an early age and if I had done by you know somebody that you know when the kid is five or six years old that's when they start.
And it doesn't you don't you just don't grow up in the office but you're here talking about.
Okay thank you.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah.
You know what's going to be making myself very clear today I must have had to go take a location lessons.
You know that.
Yes sir.
I think I might disagree with you on that teacher thing that's considered questionable behavior don't you think?
No I don't.
I do.
I mean I don't say they should prosecute or nothing but I think it should definitely be made.
If they bring it up on the public.
Did you be made one?
Did you be made public?
No.
But they should definitely bring it to the supervisors and it's a deal not to do with it then try.
Why is that?
Because it's considered definitely questionable behavior.
Well what does that mean questionable behavior what does that mean can you explain that to the audience?
Yeah it's absurd that they go to clubs like this and they're the things they're doing like that and then they're going to teach your kids the next day probably seniors and high school.
What are they going to teach them that has to do with their private sex lives?
Are they going to teach them about going to sex clubs and is that it?
Are they going to give them the address?
It's happening before.
Sure absolutely.
Like teachers hasn't had stuff.
Even Catholic preachers.
Come on absolutely.
I wouldn't want my kids being taught by a person doing this in a club at night.
Sure let me ask you this.
How do you know what the teachers who are teaching your kids what their sex lives are all about?
How do you know?
I'd rather not know and I'd rather go.
Okay thank you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Yeah it's questionable behavior.
I think you're added to this questionable behavior.
Sure that's what I think.
I think you're full of crap.
I think there's crap coming out of every poor in your body.
I think you're a simpleton.
A lot of the fixed right now so you don't reproduce.
God forbid if you do have kids.
He's worried about what his the teachers are doing about their private sex lives.
You people need to grow up.
Okay in fact I'm going to tell you something.
When people like this guy you're living in the perfect country baby.
You're living in a repressed suppressed constipated goddamn United States of America.
Where once upon a time we were starting to make some progress and have a few freedoms.
And now we're moving backwards.
We're moving back into the stone age started in 1980 with Mr. All'sheimer.
That's when it started this reactionary mentality and it's getting worse by the minute by the second.
Unbelievable questionable behavior.
Like the kid like they're going into school and describing what acts they participated in.
Like if they were doing it in their home where they have all the business in the world having whatever kind of sex with their mates that they want with their husband with their wife or both.
Like they're going to come into school and describe it out to their students.
What kind of drugs are you on sir because we sure like to have some over here.
Crazy person.
All these sex clubs.
Any of you know something I don't go to sex clubs.
I know something if they want to I don't give a crap that's their business.
They pay a fee to go there.
It's a consenting adults behind closed doors.
There are no children.
They're not talking about it in the classroom.
These are good teachers by the way.
Crazy person.
He wants perfect people to teach his children.
Perfect people.
Missionary position face to face in the bedroom only with the doors fully locked padlock that would hope.
Get a life pal.
Grow the F up.
That's what I would say to you.
Grow the F up.
My sexually constipated paranoid friend.
One moment please.
Sorry there's no reason.
What's the obsession with hockey?
Well you can't get over the rain and use my voice to get the dance.
So stop the boys.
The obvious way she saw was born in a home just like in an aerator.
What you try to understand.
What you call a sterile man.
I can't.
I might be gay.
It's not the first to go be at the right.
Why would it be leaving a night in the feet because I'm a feminine guy.
I'm a little twisted in the eye and I'm a feminine guy.
But they were once even on a club.
We am a feminine guy.
I think their behavior is questionable too.
Sing it like that with those false set of voices.
1045 at 560 WQAM 560.
560.
We had a little flurry there and then most of them went away.
It wasn't a lot of fun.
I can tell you, you know, I can't say I'm not gay.
I might actually have something to say.
Here is Miami.
Here is a mobile in Miami.
Yes sir.
I agree with you on that 100 percent.
They shouldn't be involved in people's lives.
One thing you have a double-standard here.
This is Nick Novaro who took these people in jail.
i think you were a focusing on him
and the philip that ran this deal the rest of the people is
the big democrat in roulin you talk about kins jenny sir that i've been
ripping an ass here for the last several months say you're another one of
these people all you know is republican democrats
liberal and conservative you must be uh... have one ear closed because nobody's
been working in jayne more than i have a fascist
i haven't heard you do it all maybe i just missed you must be missing it sir
because i do it almost every step each and so i get
why i have an order today
haven't heard it today because we're not talking about it's not in kins jenny's
hands now okay the rest of our already made the school boards the one that had
the meeting yesterday how about let me say it again you just got through
here and it can jenny is a fascist my good republican friend you see i can't
deal with people like this guy also who's a child
he's the biggest democrat whoever came down to pike
well excuse me but there's a lot of democrats were assholes and a lot of
republicans were assholes like i said is recently is yesterday on the air here
on the show
the field of candidates for president next year in both parties is coma
inducing i say give us Jesse the body right now who's not a democrat or
republicans they both suck
but sir you're just another political animal you know their child all you know
is the republicans good democrats bad you know like sulfur came good and
it said when so on democrats bad
you went frank and stein hope you have a nice life together
yeah
it yet
haven't heard you say it through today i just got to say it to him he didn't
hear me say it that's because you got cotton in your ear sir you can't hear
you only hear what you want to hear like most assholes out there
go and write another letter to the editor okay in between read and caltomas
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
god how about bobby butterworth also a democrat if i talked about him eight
million times on his show fascist pig mr anti gambling mr goody two shoes
also former brow cheer by the way
here's a lady mobile implantation hello hi niel yes ma'am before that last
break you forgot two things not just a missionary position but it had to be
in the dark and only for the purposes of procreation only that's right i just
want to tell you forgot to get the pulp is stuff that's right that's right
okay well i enjoy listening to you rant so i'm going to go back to my radio thank
you yeah that was questionable behavior you know something maybe it was
questionable for them but didn't affect their students it didn't affect their
job performance and it's nobody's business like i got the guy to finally admit
at the end of his call at any of before so but he's business
when i was in school the teachers weren't talking about their sex lives and i
can guarantee these aren't going to be doing it either and haven't been doing it
that's not the issue here my knee and your thal friend get with the program it's
almost the end of the century for crying out it's almost the year two thousand
and some of you are living in the god damn stone age
don't do as i do do as i say that's the american fn way
calendar hello okay sir i totally agree with you on the fact how
america's just turning backwards it seems like we're losing more of our
freedoms and gaining freedoms and what another thing that scares me the
level of hypocrisy with the politicians like take for instance uh
uh ken jenny i went to school with his son his son is the devil his son was a
bad kid i mean he should worry more about what his son's doing other people
than what people are doing it themselves these are victimless crimes that ken
jenny know and a lot of our other office um see everybody who aspires to hire
office in this state because it's a real bible something the end of all state
everybody who's got political aspirations they think that the way to do it is be a
real goody to choose and go after the sex clubs and the adult businesses
and assure everybody what a great job they're doing it closed down the strip
bars and that's going to win them some brownie points
yeah it's just it's just a shame because they should worry more about the crimes
that hurt other innocent people and these crimes are just dick they're not
hurting anyone i mean okay so maybe they're not morally right in certain people's
eyes but they're not hurt anyone let's worry about people people getting raped
and murdered and robbed and and and everything else i think those are more
important things we should worry about don't you know i don't think anybody with a
brain wants to have a sheriff or anybody else in law enforcement who's
salami were paying by the way so they can interfere with other people's private
sex lives yeah it's just ridiculous and i just want people to know that and that's
why they call their private club by the way because what goes on in there is
private that's why they call it that yeah you could do you could do it like the
hero says semi public orgies i mean you could do go and do what they did in a hotel
room who the hell is going to know but now because they want to uh um i sure hope
they don't have the wax rated movies in that hotel room by the way
sheriff will be in their confiscating those
that's just a shame i'm a great day pal five six seven oh five sixty
you're he's the biggest Democrat i'm telling you some of your people it's amazing that you don't
have to put diapers on when you get up in the morning like little children little children
everything is the right against the left yeah that went out with the light bulb okay that kind
of thinking and that kind of dialogue it's juvenile it's a waste of time get into the real world
okay with all of bunch of thieves they all suck they all smell the same
and like i said before whether it's bubble or al-goor or any of them the only thing that the
Democrats have been good for the last several years now is just being a buffer against the right
wing extremist that's the only purpose that they serve five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a mobile one line anybody seen Bob Barley by the way here's Coral Springs hello
hey Neil yes sir hey um a couple other things we're not the only state with uh that's living
in the stony i don't know if you saw the thing last week about can this eliminating the teaching
of evolution right yeah something called me yesterday wondered why i didn't bring that up i had
the article here for two weeks already but what the hell's the point these people don't give a
crap about it they don't know about education they don't give a girl you know they're worried
about what their their teachers are doing in their private sex life but to kind of crap that's
being taught in a public school they don't care about that they'll let let the fundamentalist
right wing lunatics let them decide the curriculum for the public school for your kids that's brilliant
it's pathetic and also Florida's one of the top three states for hate groups so we don't we're
not concerned about that right and uh the world is flat and the sun revolves around the earth now
you're starting to get warm take it and get away okay bye five six seven oh five sixty star of
david band in golf port Mississippi in a public school here's a public school kid goes to school
every day kind of a punky looking orange here dog geek with this star david around his neck oh no
that's a that's a gang symbol you can't wear it this is becoming a crazy country it's a country of
crazy people and all these uh like this guy before this professional Republican that called
well i'm sure hate the acl you like poison we better kiss the ground i don't always agree with
them but nevertheless usually i do and in this case thank god for them to step in there
instead of the family having to spend zillions of dollars on attorneys which may they may have
to do anyway because their kids being persecuted because he wears a religious symbol around his
neck to school a star of david very controversial
oh exactly here's a mobile and crawl springs hello you know how you don't okay sir
uh let's just you know forget about the bad grades of school let's forget about the gun violence
and let's worry about what teachers are doing on their own time i think we ought to have a god
damn we ought to have a witch hunt that's what i think i think we ought to just go out there and do
be fun let's get time feeler from the hero to follow all these teachers around and find out who's
being the audio nice and where they're sticking it absolutely it's not a victim this crime's not
even a crime they bust them once every year so just to get the names in the paper before election
yeah all the charges are dropped after all amen thanks a lot now we have a great day
and you people on a broward school board you should be ashamed of yourselves because basically all
you did was pass the book gutless and spineless even worse than the original decision because now what
you did basically say well you know the public's upset they don't agree with us so we'll let you
have your money we'll give you your pay but we'll let some higher authority understand the
elected guy he grew national who we hope is we're gonna start david around his neck by the way
not in public now let me ask you is it okay if that kid wears a star david at home in the private
no no i'm sorry okay not not at home either how about in shul no that's not good either
and this by the way comes on the heels of the episode last week
in california and the kids being shot and his damn naughty son of a bitch running around there
trying to kill people like he said for their safety then everybody screaming and y'all yeah that's
right this must be for a safety because not because it might be a construed as a gang symbol but
because they might realize your jewish and beat the crap audio how do you like that that's a great
message crazy people in mississippi and by the way we ought to kiss the ground and be grateful
that mississippi exists because mississippi and Louisiana always make Florida avoid being hit in the
bottom when it comes to education always way down there but they're always just one or two notches
behind us matches here's Miami hello Miami yeah yes sir hey nil you know your advice for getting
about here too one of the things is with with any only two that were caught in this place 50 there
were 50 caught but how many other names were brought up what that let everybody know what they were
a businessman here lawyer here judge here you know the only thing that they pointed out in the
article is that there were law enforcement people there were other people in in all kinds of
walks of life and for some reason their names didn't make the newspaper very good point that's it
you know well hey what's wrong with it what's wrong with them i mean they're out there
protecting supposed to protect in this too i mean the teachers are supposed to be teaching they're
not teaching this in school they're not closing the curtains and doing this in school right you know
hey get get somebody's other people let's see some other big wigs whose names were on there
wipe it on the teachers okay i have a good one so yeah i got news for anybody that would want that
would want to be a teacher in today's public school system i think needs some serious help in the
first place god bless them you ought to kiss the ground especially with the kind of parents we got
these days because the teachers always wrong and your kid is always right don't forget that that's
also the market f in way in about the last 20 years no matter how average your kids behavior how
unacceptable how many weapons he takes to school it's always the bad teacher who one night we saw it
high lie i can't tell you how many calls i've had like that well they only work you know like eight
months a year nine months a year and a month that i saw a teacher in high lie oh my god teacher was
gambling that's wrong with them next thing you'll see him out in Vegas they're casino somewhere there
be a school teacher there see i never i never realized that teachers were supposed to be
like monks or something like that in fact maybe we ought to go back to the old days when we had
was old the lesbians you know i'll dole dikes teaching us schoolmarms miss the schoolmarm
miss this miss that all my teachers miss they were like 60 and 70 years old but they were all miss
and of course we know that they weren't you know doing anything yeah oh no
god
we just said we just said let's bury our head
this is the biggest black island scene
that's up in the past and when it's up there's a bad scene
yeah
111 at 560 w2 i'm happy wednesday to you well we got a line up today maybe that's why i'm
a little off my feet this morning i feel like i'm lost could have been seeing salmon here when
we also had the muffin man in about 85 things going on in here while i'm in the middle of a show but
nevertheless by the way sam the answer is uh no just forget about that just stay out of here sam
okay you make me sick of my stomach nice job i'd got to him in two by the way sam
that precipitated that uh me event we had here with rollo i'm Thursday nice going sam you're right
on top of it baby five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Hank is on a way to sandy agosto guess what we got this afternoon two o'clock this is what the
started it bill zimper from philadelphia no less he's really in tune with what's going on down here
is any no and then at seven o'clock if you thought that was kind of weak oh my god the uh
terrific oh no you got to be telling me a lie huh seven to ten o'clock tonight we got the
anxious the terminally boring josegakey on his station and then again tomorrow from two to four
thirty oh man scary really is it is no seriously it's scary to me it's frightening
here's pember pines hello hey neon yes sir actually i called for way in on the teacher's
situation but i have to ask a question first maybe i've been in a cave or something but a star of
david is gang well yeah in gallporn Mississippi i'll be there i have no idea i'd be like that
getting a good education here you know i'm not even Jewish but i went out in gallabines
you know they were the whole year that now bitch on the tv news last night think oh well the
teachers should be held to a higher standard why is that well exactly because of the higher
salary that they're getting paid is that it yeah we're all the big bucks that they're making
the guy teaches geography how the hell is he going to get an opportunity what are you going to do
um you know promote um you know sex clubs or groups sex or something and god forbid by the way
i mean this was a private sex club that these people be uh a feed a join god forbid that the one
or more of these teachers would have been like say at a uh at a uh strip club i mean god forbid
that that would have happened the over the world would have ended as we knew it i guess you know i
think they have to do a couple times now and let's you know this is this country has the sex police
we are so tight about sex it's unbelievable we could learn a lot of the first guy that calls me
this morning talking about their questionable behavior what what quiet number one what question
will be behavior number two who's businesses they're married for christakes the question will
be a very bad sex i've got it for bad she is a christ the next thing you know uh somebody also
having sex oh no no we can't let that happen like an epidemic thank you guys have a great day pal
god what i mean you talk about the puritan even the puritans are embarrassed they're rolling over
in their grave they got a red push christall mighty oh yeah the teachers have to be able to they
have to be really good at two shoes in their private lives as if they're private lives are
anybody's business it's something nobody should even give it any thought to if they're molesting
children okay throw their ass in jail of course if they're committing those serious crimes if
they're doing hard drugs oh my god can you imagine if one of these teachers was called with a
roach in an ax tray in his car that would have been the end of the world as we know it i can just
hear the a human cry then from all the hypocrites out there oh yeah they're going to be bringing
an weed for the whole class all right there you go maybe they might have a good time might get
have a long lunch period but five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T line no interest here today to be honest with you a little bit of a flurry there but no real
interest here's a mobile and four-lawterdale hello hello how are you okay sir uh listen what do you
say we like just eventura and then we get a constitutional amendment that'll say that any two
people who want to have sex can have sex anytime any place anywhere and it's against a lot
to interfere with them anytime any place any like on a street corner anytime no i don't think leave
them all out i don't think so and you're you're serious yeah get the sex police out of uh
okay see on a corner of four four you won an ives dairy with denoculars from the crazy person
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's a mobile in Miami hello hi Neil yes sir hi how you doing okay
listen here i wanted to change the subject a little bit okay good five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T no this is what i'm going to talk about because this is the important thing
the whole country all the networks everybody in the universe is focused on this right here on this
town and this school board and what's going on here and this guy damn fags is sheriff of yours and
this guy he wants to talk about god only knows what something i'm sure real important like
marlin's going to independent god almighty i mean i realized that i've been around here for our
hell of a long time probably too long i think and i realized how god damn complacent and
apathetic the public is here but you have goofballs but christall mighty what does it take to get
your pissed off what does it take does it only take uh threatening to tax you is that what it is
is it only dollars and cents is that the deal uh yeah they're trying to put a tax on there
and right away we have phenomenal response and everybody's rushing out the vote no no no no okay
that was good that was fine and you had the right idea but but no matter how much your freedoms
are threatened no matter how aberrant the things are that go on around you it's still the same old
tired we just don't care you cannot make us care you won't make us care we're professionally
apathetic i said that 23 years ago and wk at it is down the first few months i was here i said this
is the only place in the world where the people make it a profession they work at it they're
professionally apathetic it's like an occupation being indifferent we just don't care and we're proud
of it that should be instead of this bull crap about choose life they should have a florida license
tag that says we just don't care and we're proud of it f and a because that's the fl-
brilliant five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line here's a mobile
in pebber pine so that those those those terrible i said no we don't get any calls from south
beach anyway we're all stone down there let me throw my two cents in i just read the saddest article
vanity fair about pee we herman yeah yeah you have you read that i don't know if you read baby
no i don't read vanity fair thank god well you know the guy the guy dropped out a site for like
i don't know like seven or eight years yeah and he's finally like doing interviews i think he's
in a movie now and everything yeah and that incident destroyed his life and it was like the stupid
thing i mean i think you had to pay like a hundred dollar fine and the poor guy you know i mean
it was a embarrassment to a point where he didn't want to talk to the press he didn't want to
work anymore i like the guy i think the guy was was really funny and then that that that was actually
a genius well what do you mean it was this stupid thing and that because it basically with my
own experience i would give a guy it's a stupid thing to arrest a guy i mean this is this is
this is America's idea of police work the sex police there were four what you didn't read the
article there were four plain closed police officers in this theater right in serristo
okay took four cops off the street right could possibly be solving drug well they don't have any
crime over in the west coast you know that serristo i think it was i mean come on i mean four
cops off the street to catch a guy playing with his wee ween in a theater where everybody knows
people do that there right i mean i don't personally do it i do it at home i read my videos and
i'm happy yeah but i mean i mean did four cops or three and yeah what we pay for and i just
said you got to read the articles that's America for you baby like i said well they're all
during a Clinton stuff during penis gate the rest of the world was lat they didn't know whether
to laugh or cry at us god bless america have a great day pal thank you and put it away please
i was a geek ever wonder what happens to four skins once they've been snipped well once the
clipping is done those incredibly strong little helmet covers are sent to the four skin factory
where they're made into some of today's most innovative products here for instance we have a wallet
and while it looks like an ordinary wallet just give it a quick rub and you have a briefcase
but that's not all just rub it a little while longer and you have a suit case our amazing technology
allows us to make many fine four skin products for everyday use look at this watch band a quick
rub and yeah have a new belt finally our most amazing new product is this new car yes four skin
technology has come this far this new car fits for comfortably but what if the in-laws are coming
to visit just a quick rub down with warm baby oil and you've got a full size band for more information
on our incredible four skin products call one eight hundred cold dip call within the next 10
minutes and receive a free pair of our one size fits all running shoes it's eleven fifteen at five
sixty w two inches somebody factors which i've already seen this and it's just you know the more
the same crap casino cruise ship pace find of a hundred ninety thousand dollars are cracked on
gambling ships last year is yielded another payoff for the state new escape has paid a hundred
ninety thousand dollars and fines for rolling with ice too soon how do you like that oh my god
the fines which are florida attorney general bob butterworth's latest shot in his war on the so
called votes to know where stem from a December raid by butterworth and broward county sheriff ken jenny
that resulted in charges against the owners operators of six out photo casino ships which we
remember so well do remember that real well yeah we sure do that they spent all of that money and
then of course had to bring the slot machines back remember that with egg under a post a couple
of our officers posing as casino cruise customers boarded each of the boats several times and used
portable electronic global positioning systems to record the location of the boats when the
casino is opened and closed and they were like a mile or two a couple of miles not quite far enough
and uh... straight to jail or pay us hundred ninety thousand dollars thank you
now for wormick eras and you see micki can you know wrong let's build another slip for micki let's
build an arena for micki let's look to public the micki whatever the hell micki wants that's okay
because micki's got naked pictures of airy politician everybody in law enforcement in south florida
and he can do whatever the hell he wants but it's those evil gambling ships don't you understand
bobby butterworth and ken jenny for this asshole before this professional republican that said
i never mentioned them which i mentioned them almost every day on this show what a couple of
fascist assholes they are they don't like gambling gambling is evil and they're goody too shoes
they're better than all the rest of us and so therefore they're doing us a favor to make
ensure that we don't get ripped up and that we're not allowed to gamble like a mile or two like
inside the uh... whatever it is territorial waters crazy people and this is how your tax
dollars being spent peter way does this like opening up a faucet and being away your money on crap
here's delray beach hello from pissed off
everyday like people say what does we the people have to do with us anymore doesn't
do you know say um you know you take on the trial out of commission what do you think
what's your five six seven oh five sixty the trial out of commission all right let's hear it the
illuminati let's go let's go back to that crap again yeah now don't be doing that uh
michael myrstein in there whatever you're doing a thing on your head okay my dog is where I was
okay do it in front you're not on top of that it's like this by the way yeah Austin powers
Georgia's doing Austin powers imitation in a bad one too by five six seven oh five sixty and
you got to work on the teeth too and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line the trial
out of commission the illuminati paranoia running rampant there you go paranoia
the fact is that you got a bunch of spineless politicians and the fact is that the so-called
moderates and liberals got forbidden they're in a sleep they're in la la land
they've been very very effectively uh you know put back into a closet somewhere
liberal has become a dirty word in america so god forbid unless you're some right wing fundamentalist
extremist you're supposed to keep quiet and just let everybody else run the country just like
that crap and Kansas oh don't teach evolution it's a science it makes too much sense let's get
a good book in here again right here's a mobile in Miramar hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir
I just want to know if you're in a private property in behind closed doors yes why is it illegal
that's what I don't understand why is it illegal for an adult to go have sex behind closed doors if
I want to have an origin in my house yeah do I have to worry about them rating my house sounds
like a body house to me yeah it's ridiculous also on another note you're ready
to have a body house we'd like to have the number now I'm sorry I'm not
I'm not good at what also the deputy regional denny on fox files last night the serial killer no
he went to religion also he's on the TV and he's preaching all this and singing all these
in we can hook him up with son of sand we can have like a religious ceremony and marry the two of
men jail I know but you can see he's still off his rocker but I mean it's just ridiculous and
they're interviewing him isn't it amazing all these people people people find Jesus behind bars
yeah exactly it's about no two men Jesus couldn't find them before we too late for all the people
that they killed you know exactly he's a little slow all right that's all I got have a great day
pal thanks he's busy up there at the south bend baby with his hands up in the air that maybe
that's what they were confused okay head his hands three up in the air and they put him up there
on that cross all he was signaling was touchdown Jesus for Notre Dame let's hear it for the fighting
average baby what do you say no five five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line I mean I don't claim to have any solutions for it because it's hopeless I know
that's not a very pleasant message it's hopeless this country is lost forget it right it off just
do the best you can do the best you can and take a lot of vacation totally out of the you know 51
states 51 yeah Puerto Rico here's the lady in sunrise hello hello yes man
Neil hi it's Laurie I was at the meeting yesterday until way past eight thirty and I spoke in
behalf of the teachers a couple of things that I thought you might be interested in is that
school board members Stephanie Kraft Mariam all of thong and Darla Carter all moved but unfortunately
couldn't get enough votes to have it ended red then and they are saying it was nonsense I got
up and spoke on behalf of the teachers saying that especially the one doesn't even have any
criminal charges against them and I don't think this has anything to do with the school board right
and I asked them you know I actually told them that since I know every one of them what they like
to have their personal life held up to the light to be scrutinized right and I told them to get
off the switch hunts and of course that didn't go over too well yeah I think this Diana was
him and she's the real the biggest sugar in the wood pile with that bunch yes she was quite
unhappy she's the one that quoted me backwards saying you know that they weren't on a witch hunt
what they're going on is an administrative code in in in Florida dealing with an act involving
world to put to turpitude or losing it yeah yeah I almost said that and I mean it's absolutely
ridiculous I've never been so disappointed in a private club where no miners are allowed
behind closed doors where nobody has their right to even know what's going on in there since nobody's
being harmed nobody is being put upon who doesn't want to be a private club that they paid a join
and somehow the state still has the feel they got the right to go barging in there invite them
you need to go on his witch hunt and then try to the smear and destroy people's lives and careers
well not only are their life and careers destroyed I mean you'd name me someplace in the United States
of America where these teachers can now go and teach where they'll help follow them right and I
said that yesterday and then I also asked them where you know by them doing this what kind of door
are they opening now are they going to reverse and go against any gay teacher are we going to
start going against principals who are having a fair get all the gay teachers out of school they
might as well they can run school for two months a year that'll be the end of that okay then we
going to go with principals who are having affairs with the system principals are teachers what about
teachers who aren't paying child support anywhere is this going to stop when we have children that
don't have books when we have children that are standing in the hallways as a classroom yeah okay
well we have portables on top of the door to where they got a swim between classes you know we
really need to spend six hours and you know on this nonsense I mean it's time for the school board
members in my opinion to take charge and stop listening to staff staff does not run the school board
we don't elect staff we elect a school board members and if we can't get what we need then
you know people like you need to keep doing the good job you're doing and bringing it to the
attention because I noticed yesterday that the two or three of us that spoke okay the only one that
got you know on TV not that I wanted to be on TV but the only one that got on TV was the one lady
who said this is awful I have two grandchildren and I can't not know the piece I saw in the
theater this morning everyone that they showed speaking was in support of the teachers so maybe
that was a local TV you know no I didn't see that well then then you know I guess we did do
some good yesterday but you know at least we got them suspended with paying my biggest complaint
with how do you you you wrote a career of someone who doesn't even have criminal charges against them
and take away their livelihood and their right to obtain counsel how you going to pay for an attorney
now at least without it semi done but I did want you to know that those three board members did
demand that it's the nonsense and but they couldn't they couldn't get this support okay keep it
up sweetheart all right you keep it up thank you very much bye bye bye five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty let's close it all down okay any place people might be just just like
that ordinance we got in Broward County by the way which fits right in with this about
virginity that says that you can't a man can't get in the right well of course a woman I guess
would be kind of difficult a man can't get in the right in a adult joint like in a swing club
in a strip bar anywhere it's against the law we got the virginity police that are going to come up
and frisky okay a new form of frisky they're gonna frisky or crotch and just like they do with a
window tinting you know they see how what degree your windows are tinted if they're a little bit too
dark a little bit too light a little bit whatever might be the wrong color the wrong shade
if you're a little bit too hard then you got real problems okay
we got people running around blowing to this brains out we got people buying assault weapons
and gun shows this is a crazy country like she said we got kids going to school and got the
importable units with no textbooks you know the convenience store on the corner wherever they
have a 441 right around from Chuck subs every now and then when I leave here if I'm especially
a psychotic I go in and get one of my king size Snickers bars or whatever I get and I was in the other
day and there was a bunch of black kids teenage kids like 15 16 in there and you know nice enough
seeming kids but I'm listening to them talk to each other and I talk to myself this is criminal
this is criminal how do you how do these kids get advanced from one year to the next and not be
able to speak I mean not at all to hear the way that they were speaking or attempting to speak
the English language I wanted to sit down on the curb somewhere and cry what chance of those kids
got what are they going to wind up doing flippin hamburgers and McDonald's if they're lucky if they're
lucky and what are what are the goody two shoes the right wing lunatics worried about the sex police
supporter the canjetti people worried about about who's dittle and who consenting in private
beyond closed doors that's the kind of thing America really needs to be concerned about is the
the the the virginity of your penis this is something we need to spend a lot of time on
spend some real serious hard time worrying about and I do mean hard not too hard because then you
go straight to the slammer you're taking him from professional tennis the WNBA will be making
some changes in order to boost their ratings the changes consist of the following better looking
chicks and that is all and Christie is bouncing in the front court she turns does a spin move
her skirt flies up and now 50 of passes in the wall did you see that John yes I did I don't think
she was wearing any underpants whoa Christie dropped the ball Ben double to pick it up oh my she
shoots and oh it's an air ball you have it at least everyone jumped up to try and block it that
the WNBA has changed and you're gonna love what you see less scoring more bouncing the WNBA
we got looks hey full of god 31 at 5.69 WQAM so anyway the Harold of course the goody two shoes
here that's against because you know gambling against the yoll these evils all these things
talking about teachers arrested at semi public orgies in their editorial this morning and I just
turned just out of curiosity during the break I said I wonder if the sports section the
Harold is finally eliminated all the edge for those massage parlors and I turned to page 6D
on a page with Florida marlins Craig council and Broward is still his home and he's doing great
out there on the coast of the Audi on and here underneath the bottom of the page under what
dismal here it is for Davie Johnson here are seven billion ads for airbie god damn massage parlor
in the history of mankind nothing I'm not gonna that okay but you talk about a bunch of
upgrades in other words they'll be glad to take the money just like they did from the cruise ships
by the way the gambling ships they have no problem remember the day that they had the raid and I
opened up the paper and who are big ads quarter page ads for the same for the same cruise ships
that were being rated that they were editorializing about how Louis isn't this great what Ken
Jenny and Bob Butterworth are doing so we'll be more than glad to take the money no matter how dirty
the money is no matter how illicit the behavior maybe going on in these joints and don't say joint
that's okay but we're better than everybody else don't do as we do do as we say that's the
heralds philosophy and we'll just take the money thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T line here's vocal hello oh no you're talking about those kids that's either
convenience store who was being in sorry yeah in English um even speech therapist cannot correct
African-Americans language it's considered dialect and racist according to the American
speech and hearing association well what does that mean it means that you dialect and we
what would mean racist what will you say makes no sense it means uh if you talk about the African
American kids and there are plenty of African-Americans as I'm sure you well know who are very articulate
and speak perfect English yes I know that but even the speech therapist in the school if you try
to correct that I haven't speak standard English yeah yeah because it's considered a dialogue
that you can't correct them so we're back to boobonics again is that what you're talking about
uh that's the official position the American speech and hearing association well listen that's
that another example of our great racist government at work yes second thing can you tell me
exactly what crime were these people with this private members who don't have the serious behavior
oh my god that's what they were charged with well I've done that in my home yeah but in your home
yes this was a private club which should be the same as your home because it's beyond closed doors
you have to pay the joint but don't confuse the Broward County Sheriff for that I agree with you
completely okay thank I'll be I'll be seeing you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
the AT&T wireless line and by the way I'm reading this article again I'm rereading it in the
uh here on this morning in delicate compromise school board restore two teachers pay and it's
interesting because uh the today show has been all over this including again this morning I never
watched it today show but in channel serving I saw the recovery of this story I mean with a blanket
they were all over it and it says and this is nation wide not here of course because I realized
you people have got different priorities down here for whatever reason these things don't
interest you believe me I know because I'm here every guy at the end day but it says talk radio
and internet bulletin boards live up with debate on the case which outraged many people's notions
of what consenting adults should be allowed to do behind closed doors the suspensions even became
fodder for Jaleno's monologues on the tonight show so the nation wide media and people on talk shows
around the country are talking about this and outraged the incense but the people down here they're
still going yeah and my first couple of calls this morning the one guy the rocket scientist
he's telling me about their questionable behavior and about how somehow the sex lives of school
teachers are of concern to the entire community and the students ought to have an idea who's
sticking what to wear and where they're doing it here's Coral Springs hello you know good afternoon
uh I want to talk about um more on who happened to be politicians but first a couple of calls
ago somebody mentioned regional Danny a serial killer was there a regional Danny the guy that
was beaten up in the aftermath of the Rodney King case yes okay what was the guy's name I know
it's different guys something like that anyway um more so long time ago uh said two great things two
of his most famous things one of course is don't assume because you'll make an essay to view
what me the other one was that all the really intelligent creative people um industrious people
whether it's teachers I will mention lawyers doctors scientists what have you they're out there
doing their thing which of course leaves the complete more is to run the to run the country
and more and more you've got politicians who just maybe have nothing better to do at the time
that stick to the doses and other people's business interestingly enough there are many states
that have laws on the books against philates you get all sex right you're in your own bedroom
is this where we're going are we going to stay to Florida the Sodomy statue that is still on the
books makes illegal any kind of sexual activity even between husband and wife besides face to face
missionary position intercourse any other form of sexual activity is illegal in the state of Florida
exactly so if they're allowing this to happen at trapeze are they going to eventually decide
that they have the right to break into anybody's house anytime they want to have a good
bedroom police they're starting this weekend that's going to be Ken Jenny's next deal
you know just a just to give you a short story it's almost connected when Clint East will
become Eric Carmel California and once again you don't have enough people who have nothing who
know agenda is running for office because whether it's a money situation or they're just too busy
the first thing he found out when he got out was living in California at the time was that the
the the previous administration just meant about a quarter of a million dollars trying to figure
out if people should be allowed to eat ice cream on the streets of Carmel he worked in there
within five minutes we're there within a few minutes he throw the paperwork and said finally
they made ice cream and destroyed this is the problem they have nothing better to do and they just
want to stay pinnows isn't everybody I don't know why this is my philosophy of government I think
that the government only in the most extraordinary of cases ought to be allowed to interfere with anybody's
private behavior another if you're doing something that's harmful to somebody else at that point
you're obviously breaking the law but short of that I don't think that the government's got any
business intruding into any of our behavior none you know I only have a problem with people who don't
have a sex life those are the people that I worry about yeah maybe can you can you can you can
he's not getting any of these days maybe that's his problem I gotta go to the dentist I'll put the
lady okay see me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line
Jesse Ventura I'm telling you right now for dictator benevolent dictator put in all of this crap
see the American people are so I've put it this for years successfully brainwashed into believing
this is the freest and the greatest oh yeah give me a break this is becoming one of the most
repressive God and by the way certainly the most violent they were talking about that on the
talking head shows over this past weekend most violent of the so-called westernized countries in
a world not even close not a contest we kill people there like some people kill guppies in the
goddamn fish pail then he Rawlings by the way my original Denny Denny Rawlings Denny whatever
McLean he's also in the slammer eight eleven forty four five sixty wq i m here's the facts
from England again honeywash that we're big over there and you want to know why because those
repressed constipated brick their love in this at least they understand how repressed they are
this is from Sarah Smith at the University of London we say she was recommended to listen to
your show by a friend of hers in another university and she says why was he right about you being
witty rhymes with I love to show a lot and it's a shame that we haven't got anything like it here
in the UK they even charges a hundred one pounds a year just to watch the fricken ddc we need to
show like yours over here to revolutionize the whole damn radio business in this effing country
says Sarah governed by a bunch of muppets called the royal family and the funniest thing happened
last week the queen mum is ninety nine years old and who gives a damn and p s I don't want the back
street boys tickets nice going Sarah good for you one like that bitch up there in bokeh
yeah I should use her last day money and I save that letter by the way the one from uh huh yeah
I got to hear somewhere which have we heard from Sherry up there in bokeh yet no I don't think so
to apologize to me for sucking around for free back street boys tickets man that's the kind of thing
we're worried about here what can we get for free what time is the early bird dinner and my
allow this field of silverware in the sweet and low those are the important things in this town
which is why it's in the shape that it's in five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line and somebody faxed me I already read this stuff about the uh the paint the
toxic paint toxic paint that they're using at kill you in high school and you write that story
and about one of the teachers Charles Boyden that's having a big to do with a principal and of
course we know about the principal Timothy Dawson at Killian High remember the Killian Nine
on whole business that he tried to ruin their lives and get them all kicked out of school that's
the principal down here at Killian High he's asked ought to be fired right now and they're worried about
a couple of school teachers in a private swing club unbelievable just incredible the craft
the scandals in your public school system in this country and the incompetent the ineptitude that
goes on and the saddest part is most of you don't care that's that's the really tragic part nobody
cares here's a mobile implantation hello okay sir listen I'm one person that does care because
first of all the Fort Lauderdale news is out of the ashamed of themselves or printing something
like that about a teacher which really has no concern of anybody else's second thing we were there
that evening and are you still there I'm here and we were there that evening and fortunately we
were locked into a room by ourselves and we weren't harassed like everybody else but for the other
people that were there it was most embarrassing thing I've ever seen I mean you just see the
looks on their faces and cupped together right right basically naked it's just it's just ridiculous
and they didn't even mention the two police officers that were there also involved that's right
they were not on trial right yeah how come we don't have their names in the paper anyway I agree
with you 100 percent I'm going to Germany next month and who knows maybe I'll stay have a great
time I got see yeah isn't that something we come full circle now over in Germany they know
about sexual freedom and about all kinds of freedoms but over here it's becoming like Nazi Germany
creating people around like a bunch of hardened criminals if you should pardon that expression okay
we got six or seven hundred open lines right at the moment five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line phone calls on talks shows all around America all the ring like it says
in the papers this morning not here no they don't care here's Pember pine tello yeah how you do
I knew okay I'm a black cop man I worked for a metro and it just incensed me that these people
are the rest of people out there that are bothering no one right and it's just
I can't even find the words to describe how insist I am that they would carry on about these people
in their private lives and see obviously these people being schoolteachers you know our taxpayers
and the idea that we as taxpayers should pay that to somebody's idea of law enforcement is to
harass us and to try to embarrass and humiliate and destroy our lives uh it's unacceptable
it's totally unacceptable like you said you can watch a box in match and they'll beat each other's
brains out there's nothing wrong yeah that's okay that's good everybody's happy about that you pay
money for right these people's private lives they're sitting there their handcuffed I guess I've
been a cop for 20 years and I know how humiliated it is to arrest people especially when they feel like
they've done nothing wrong she's well hang in there pal I guess I will okay all right good luck
and especially this guy I'm sure knows being a police officer here in South Florida we don't have
any real serious criminals we don't have any real serious crime to worry about if the day goes by
that we don't have especially thank you that's what keeps channel seven going by the way all the
blood and guts in the murder and mayhem that's going on in this town every single day of our lives
thank god we don't have to worry about that or being safe in your homes in the neighborhood
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line the town that refuses to
care we just don't care don't you understand you fat fat don't you get it we don't care yeah I
get it here's a mobile in Miami hello hi Neil yes sir you know I've never been to a swing club
it probably never will but to be so apathetic like you say okay I don't care about swing club
I'm never going to go who cares you shouldn't have the right to do that well the federal trade
commission right now is trying to go around uh congress to make advertising for cigars tobacco illegal
well cigars are a legal product uh-huh and for our cigarettes by the way so you know all you
lose who say oh I don't I don't care about swing clubs I don't care about cigars mark my words
just wait they'll legislate it away whatever the hell that you enjoy and I got news for it all
depends on where you're sticking at cigar in the swing club then you really got problems just like
bubble was doing yep it's coming the days coming okay pal dark who's stepping see at the passport
office okay two or three hundred open lines here like I said and I'm I'm not going to just
to back off on this I don't give a crap of the elected or not I'm going to sit here in bangle
by on it all I want on this bang on it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line see that's one thing about the constituency of any of these kind of places whether
it strip places whether it's adult clubs whether it's a stress swing joy it makes no difference they
have no no constituency that wants to come forward very rarely they have the more the biggest
closeted a constituency in america because we'd and public public has been convinced that it's dirty
you know good healthy people don't go to like a strip joint you know what I'm saying
good healthy american dread blood right they don't go to a strip joint they don't go for a
lap dance they don't they don't do these disgusting perverted things that's perverted perverse
disgusting rotesque unacceptable
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's a mobile invoker hello hello yes sir yeah me a last night I was watching a show on the
history channel which was called the history of sex uh-huh they have another installment on this
evening at ten o'clock and anyone who thinks that all this is anything new uh out of really
sit down and watch uh this show because it was extremely laughable uh to see how these
purtons when they came to this country to supposedly escape all of the headmissum that was going
on in europe at the time uh we're basically committing acts of beachality and women walking
from farms to farm yeah you get laid at every at every time and we're just having a farmer
daughter thinking from yeah all the stupid perverse stuff that was going on behind closed doors
and always has been uh you know if they caught somebody doing something that you know people working
on everybody's windows i mean is that what we're you know getting back to yes i mean it's like
everyone who longs for the good old days is full of you know what crap and that that's a bunch
of crap i mean to bring it out into the open hey you know i i like whatever i like and you like
whatever you like and that's great no you know you don't force your point of view on anyone else
and i don't force my point of view we may not agree it comes back again to DNH do no harm i have
the greatest of those in the vast philosophy of the world as long as you're no miners involved as
long as you're not forcing yourself on anybody else other than that it's not the government's business
it's nobody else's business unless you do not in the middle of the street or in the shopping mall
in which case it is everybody's business and has no place yeah i agree with that so
hopefully in fact one of the things that really kind of riled me was the fact of how some of
these purtons what they would do is they would sell off daughters that were not economically
practical because you know naturally the mail is it was worth more at the time in the sexual
slavery what kind of crap is that yeah and these are supposedly you know card carrying bible
something Christians so you know all this stuff about you know coming off off righteous it's
always the hypocrite that are you know doing everything behind you mean like Henry Hyde that I
saw pontificating on the floors of the house a couple of days ago about our children are our
most precious commodity in yadi yadi but he didn't seem to be concerned about the children the
family that he broke up with that poor guy in western that he had to affair with that with
the woman and lied to her about being married didn't seem to care about his children are those
people children hypocrite actually the point is you know quick pointing fingers take care of your
own business and leave everybody on leave everybody alone sir you know something that's that you
you hit it right on the head leave people alone unless they're harming somebody leave people alone
is that so much to ask in america leave yes sir probably pardoned but the FCC doesn't unfortunately
excuse him well excuse him well all right parley who audios five six seven i mean you know he said
bull crap and we should be able to put that on here that's another example of like i i know
that i'm in a very tiny minority that and if we said the effort on the air people oh my god he we
knew he's a pervert he's a bull crap f that and f the FCC and all this other horse crap
and it's a led spine that we're getting that nobody in the media in this town has been able to
discover by the way no if they come after your freedom of speech then it'll be a big story all
you're all my other colleagues in the media here in this town but because it's my freedom of speech
and my right to god they've exercised my sense of humor whatever i'm doing here and or living
now nobody else gives a crap including my good bold printed bold printed friend
Tom Jerker no nobody gives a crap about these things leave the public alone nobody is paying their
tax money to be harassed is that a difficult thing to understand no i don't think so i don't know
about you but that's not what i pay and believe me i play a lot of taxes big big bucks which i
resent bitterly not because i'm opposed to paying my fair share which i make a lot of money
but because i don't want to be to be used for the wrong purposes so i can live in a fascist
god damn state and the brainwashing you know they talk about all the propaganda not to
Germany and in Russia the communist acuba and all this other and yeah that's true but you know
nobody is better a propagandizing than this country nobody does a better job of
counting the public into believing that we're the freest and we're the best and we're the smartest
and the brightest and the healthiest all of which are lies maybe that's why we're getting
fined by the FCC maybe they you know this chilling of speech maybe they're not too crazy about
having somebody on here in this country telling the public the way it really is in a real world
because they certainly can't be living that much in the stone age i mean it's 12 years now
after they came up with that last stupid ruling on sexual activity and uh... this and that and
all the other bull crap definitions that they arbitrarily decided of what words we can say and
what acts we can talk about and let me tell you again don't even think about it because they have
a nervous breakdown up there in Washington if you even think about it much less do it
and what we heard here on this show last year there a lot of you believe me they're going to be
i
cover one at five sixty wq and we got bills in for a two o'clock after that uh...
none of said you know less said the better i think five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a mobile one line
here's a mobile in coke at a creek hello
in the eyes going okay sir
and if you happen to see the news last night about that after the two children that were
killed in plantation on with the mom said
on what you said about it
yeah she said that her children went to the uh... woke up with her that morning you want to
sleep at jesus always in that to work again isn't that great uh-huh everyone just says you know
it's okay for the kids to die because they're going to see jesus you can go with her
people the father who killed him uh-huh
and can i say something closing yes sir were you fludge pack and
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
very thoughtful caller
here's a mobile in the north mimey hello good morning yield yes sir
um i consider myself a uh-conservative uh-very moderate conservative and i
often say if i oftentimes disagree with what you're saying but when it comes to
when it comes to this the first time i've sat on the news i said oh jeez what
you know what are these guys doing up there in bros again and then this morning when i
saw one of the local stations actually had their names and pictures i think what in the world
well this is nothing new i mean your name came out right off the back but what
gambling idiot would uh... you know would fit uh... news editor would sit you know
oh look yeah we got pictures of everything let's run with that sir this is been going on
for years here when i first came here nineteen seventy six
and they were doing the thing i've told us a billion times and they were doing the old routine
on biscayne boulevard with a johns and the prostitutes and the decoys and all this crap and doing
their raids in the newspaper with would publish the names in fact i remember back in those days
there were people who were like uh-vice presidents of banks there were people who were like well
what principle of all of a uh-school in town and and some of those people their marriages were
destroyed they lost their jobs because the mimey hero decided it would be a good idea to put their
names in the newspaper yeah i i uh... i came to uh... my i need to say here that you did and
and the crap that we put up with that and it's just totally and you want to know why sir because
the rest of the people here don't care there i never have to beat these people over that as much as
when i'm talking about something like this they just don't care yeah it's really it's really
a situation where you know first of all if you call up and you say something to the new
people about this you know their responses hey great at least somebody's reading a stuff and at
least somebody's watching this up to me and uh... you know that just means that uh... that are
raised in life and i'm not doing anything to destroy that i'm media the media has no conscience
in this country anymore so they don't care all they care about is ratings and making a lot of
money they care about nothing else no responsibility whatever absolutely i'm a full agreement with
that and i just you know it and and the problem with this isn't the thing that makes me so
irritated about this is there's a lot of things that happen that you can do something about but
when it comes to something like this like i said you can't do anything about it because if you
get on the phone with them you know their attitude is oh yeah well we decided to run with it
but they hang up the phone and go yeah hi hi to each other yeah look there's there's another person
that uh... that uh... wouldn't normally been watching tv but uh... when we when we put these two
game and picture which lasted all over the place uh... that means uh... your ratings are going
out yeah well what can you do thank god thank god that nobody in the local media ever hit anybody
with their car in front of a joe robby stadium in the out of the house okay i have a great day for
you too and then they just kind of disappeared what off the Houston for a little while and came back
in the big superstars now five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
lot of open lines have all eight lit up before the break and then we sit here during the break and watch
plank plank just like planko on a prices ride watch them all vanish and disappear because this
isn't really very important anyway you know here's a mobile and four lotterdale hello yeah nil
yes sir i got to tell you if you think this is bad today wait till november after we elect a new
president here on the nothing a new president november well well we never the elections are CNN
ran a thing on uh... push the other day uh... running for president and at the end they said a
strong and he is forced is pushing him toward the president how strong and what and mysterious
force all mysterious force what might that be could we say the word right wing uh... so i think
this is just the precursor of things to come i'm hoping i'm wrong but uh... we'll probably lose all
of our freedom yeah yeah all right that's it thank you okay thank you
yeah man who stands for nothing a man who just uh... had name happened to be bush and he looks
like uh... you know kind of a nerdy guy and that's it and all of a sudden he's way out in front
who knows where these people come from five six seven over just like bubble where the hell did he
come from besides Arkansas with a banjo on his knee where did you make a card to come from where
do these people come from and please don't tell me about your divorce senior being a member of the
trial at all commissioner that guy i'll call back again five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a mobile one line where surely spell over when we need her huh that's what we need let's
bring that over right when bitch back
here's for waterdale hello
a nil
yes sir i just wanted update you about the uh... police officers who are taken in that
uh... sex club rate
that to one of the bs o deputy they were fired
and the fort lotter police officers been on administrative leave yeah
and he is trial
just to let you know about that
uh... another thing is the unit that did the rates that was the same unit who did
the rates on the cruise ships that there weren't supposed to be they were gambling
before they were out the twelve mile limit right
lieutenant and have been charged both of those was shortly after the sex club
rates he was shortly thereafter transferred to the midnight unit
in pop and obi and also have some information apparently he's just been recently
demoted to sergeant
due to another internal investigation on another uh... uh... another thing
internally he was caught lying
uh... in the investigation so he got demoted that was the guy who is in charge of
all these uh...
these things but the one thing you have to ask the sheriff's office may be
arrested why is the state attorneys office
prosecuting
at the only reason i think they're prosecuting is that because they got the two
police officers from other professional people involved
and i don't think that's gonna go anywhere i think the judges are gonna drop this
whole case
don't get thrown out but in the meantime they've done their damage
oh yeah they've done their days ruin some lives that's for sure but brown county
taxpayers are going to be paying a lot of money due to the civil suits right
it's not gonna go anywhere
okay pal
thanks for the bad news
if you blow too much you're in trouble
sitting at home watching white water dail
talking about how bonpers feeling nine-and-five guard rail
when sudden leave with the bulletin to dish up onto the screen
came his partner and dish up she said this just
in
to i witness noon
it's covered on Martinez and the two lie
all
this sales comment up at five thirty people don't come from the stores
cuz they so jerky
oh they're so jerky
oh they're so jerky
oh they're so jerky
they curse all the time
oh they're so jerky
so so so jerky
oh they're so jerky
they curse all the time
Bob had heard the album and he was a Paul
he said thank you Janet Reno
i'm glad that you're called we got to take a stand
i guess this 13 rhyme
besides it's really close to election time
his brother judge friends that i will not
fail y'all
we'll censor any mention of Janet
tell y'all they're selling such a kids
going through puberty
the two lie crew
yes they so jerky
oh they're so jerky
oh they're so jerky
oh they're so jerky
they curse all the time
oh they're so jerky
so so jerky
oh they're so jerky
they curse all the time
he kicked crap a butt
the show he had got
so most of the people said this guy is a butt
he read the land of back noise pollution
even though it went against the constitution
and what did lusu
turn all of the shives
so 10,000 more copies
at 1295
oh
brand new Mercedes
it's really perky
driving into the bank
cuz he so jerky
oh they're so jerky
oh they're so jerky
oh they're so jerky
they curse all the time
oh they're so jerky
so so jerky
oh they're so jerky
they curse all the time
yeah
well 15 at 560 WQ
whatever i guess they threw the charges out again
they threw the candles
neither rest the other day
remember last week at the club
you know what the z stands for next club
jerksic act
yeah
poor Luther 5 6 7 0 5 60
yeah they heard that
that's what the z stood for was
jerksic act
and they said that's pornographic
and wait until they find out he's on our station
you think we got problems now we're going to be in big trouble
7 to 10 o'clock tonight
2 to 4 30 tomorrow on this station we got
jerksic act
and we're all pretty embarrassed about it
Blufflin's he wants us all to know
everybody in the world that he's
apologizes before hand
ahead of time
you know all these simplistic bumper stickers
you know bullah guns don't kill people
people kill people all that so i got a good one
uh how's the the sound
words don't harm children bullets do
how's that
see always the excuses for censorship
whether it's on radio stations
whether it's in the movies
oh well we got to protect the children
i don't know any kids that get harmed by words
and has nothing to do with their morals
and has nothing to do with their uh well-being
and has nothing to do with anything
because there are no words that you can come up with
that your kids haven't heard no matter how young they
are
and they're not impressed
they've heard him a million times
and they can throw a few back at you
you don't even know what they mean
but that's always the convenient excuse
oh we have to protect the children
just like all the bigots out there
back in the need of bride days
they were in this town 27 years ago
save the children save the children
yeah
sure
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on a mobile one line
here's Miami hello
now yes sir okay
listen maybe i've come in on this story
real late and it's probably out
but i just kind of came the door and saw last
piece of a new story that
one of these women that was involved in this
supposed sex candle
she's got a bunch of parents now talking about how
she gave kids marijuana and other drugs and uh
may have been having sex with them in her house
so it seems to
where do you where do you see that
this one channel 10
and from the school system of two teachers
yeah what what was the uh the thing about
high school i believe one of them
i'm not sure where did this all of a sudden come from
i just walked in the door and had been news on
and as i turned around the corner
for my kitchen i looked in and they were talking about this teacher
who was also having sex with children at her house
and and and the teacher is one of the ones who was
busted at the swing club are you sure it's the same story
i'm not completely okay well listen when you find out
call let us know because i'm sure it's not
oh i love calls like that man don't you just love calls like that
yeah cut a little piece so let's call up and uh yeah
woo five five six seven oh five sixty
because i know that anybody else that's going to a swing club they're probably
having sex with minors and probably distributing pot all over town
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one lie
here's for waterdale hello
and you'll ever happen to get a rich fanch is it over over there
there do you think yeah
here's color rage hello
yes sir do you think it's teachers of the case
do they have a case for lawsuit i think so
they take it all the way to Supreme Court
yeah and who's gonna pay for it
well i know but we should do it
and who's gonna pay for it
take the couple of collection of something but
the situation they've let alive
okay sir this guy he says he'll be glad to pay for it get his number
jurid he says he's gonna pay for their all their legal fees to take it all
away to Supreme Court five six seven oh five sixty
eight million open lines here today baby it's pretty weak did we have one
call about this thing in Gulf port Mississippi
about the kidney tool they can't wear the star david the class
because it was considered a gang assigned a gang symbol one call about that
no no and just here last week everybody's screaming and yelling and
carrying out about oh my god the new wave of anti-semitism
and he's not seasoned all these hate groups in the audio audio
and here in a public school in Gulf port Mississippi the ACO you
has to step in because this kid is told to can't wear a star david the class
what do you think would happen if the kids here in in South Florida were told
they couldn't wear crucifix or cross around the neck
can you want can you just even begin to imagine the fallout from that
masakita exactly five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile
one line you're just a I hate to break the news to you okay you're in la la
leg 95 percent of you're in la la land you're oblivious you're
delirious here's a mobile in Miami hello
hello yes yeah yes sir first time i called but um
listening to you frequently and i just wanted to say uh
this is this is really ridiculous if the whole thing about it is
the aftermath what the family's gotta go through what they
expense they gotta go through right yeah there goes their phone again thank you
very much southern bell there goes this crappy great read phone again sorry sir
i apologize but that's their phone system just can't handle the pressure
god wouldn't be nice to work on a real radio station someday with like real
equipment and not that anybody would lie to me and say that we're gonna build a
system state of the art equipment with all the newest and best equipment stuff
like that and i was stupid enough to believe it you know i'm saying
Greg liar liar pants on fire here we need we gotta go through this craft
bush league that's why we got here's the guy on the year here tonight and again
tomorrow bush league and by the way berry jackass today and this one's not on
the front page of the hill how do you like that way i'm one of the back pages is
very story today if i can find the damn thing i think i lost it
and all of a sudden more test is destroyed he's in he's out now they're
looking for somebody to be on a show with him last week berry was right
now in the new laugh in station that he wasn't going to be on it was going to
go spend his time with his family and up in central florida all of a sudden now
as if he never wrote that in the first place the stations looking for at least one
co-host to join former marlon's first basement more test needs to run out of
talk show in the evening seven to nine eight to ten
sometime and guess what no mic in a mad dog because the fact in New York
doesn't syndicate the show they can't carry that show so that was more bull crap
and out Jim berry maybe two to four as once again berry jackass continues
more misinformation more misinformation more bull crap and your great american
newspaper the mimey hero in fact the mimey hero is i think the epitome what's
wrong with this country irresponsible hypocritical
full of crap and certainly not in the best interest of the public only self
servant five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
fortlaughtardale hello hey god yes sir
kind of don't hurt children do you have a freight train to do yeah go red wing
uh-huh asshole five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
moron here's a mobile in evan sure hello hello no yes sir
when i thank you for the battle my heart for last Friday
we're not putting on the monotone bori okay thank you uh he was not vacation okay
sorry sir he was having a good time thank you from the bottom of my heart
another another silly spick another say about anything that's going on
just want to take a cheap shot at somebody very good sir congratulations let's
care for you very well done schmuck
here's a medley hello you know how are you okay sir
trying to get really pissed off at this crab man they're just in la la land
they're just foolish idiots you okay day tomorrow you'll be all right no it's not
all right you can eat from the wrong yes
even more time for the mad dog i want you to play the mad dog song okay five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in deer field hello
yeah deal yes sir how you doing honor to talk to you first time call it uh i'd like to
apologize for the couple of assholes that were on just before me yeah two in a row two good ones
you know who's going on with that but uh i just want to get your take off after i got a couple
kids up the school up here and uh for each and uh i was just told that they're not allowed to
wear their shirts out of their pants and with no belt they're bearing they're being uh
screened every day what do you mean no belt what does that mean they have to wear a belt they must
wear a belt and they must wear their shirts tucked in can you believe that no the way of the
country well well wait a minute they can they wear a t-shirt to school yeah they can wear a t-shirt
well without who without talks in a t-shirt it beats me it beats me it just caught me uh it just made
it really really opened my eyes just going on here who's actually running a coffee
coffee here you know yeah it's just it's scary but uh yeah that's it's my uh that's the note
that came on they must be stuck in they must wear a belt you know i guess uh what what are they
afraid and their pants are gonna fall down if they don't wear a belt is that what they're worried about
i think what it is that it makes the easier from the high to guns you know
okay well call us back and let us know if it works oh my god yeah let's have dress coats let's have
everybody dress up in those little uniforms see you people out there that are in favor of that
you need mental help just like Hitler's little uh you know the Hitler youth that's what just
what we need is all the kids dressed up to say little uniforms go stepping the class every day
that'll do it five six seven all of these things that have nothing to do with education by the way
nothing to do with what's going on on the inside all these artificial stupidity out of things
the old American bandaid approach we don't have any real solutions stick a bandaid on the
like on the Titanic that'll work just as Leo he'll still float five six seven oh five six
knee pound five sixty on a mobile one line twelve twenty five a quay and lick it and stick it
and
up
They all, great縣!
Knock'em up broad, a beautiful in.
They're all a bütün!
They are so mean.
They all regret it!
There's all the dead in life in...
Yes!
There's all the dead in life in...
Then we two are free.
We've all been problonsed.
What do they see?
It's all depressing.
That they're unrested.
That they're in life in...
I am my quesadilla money.
Why do you act this way?
We're all free.
We're funny.
Well, let's give you and yeah,
let's stay.
You do a laundry.
And dropping salt.
But in a pre-flung,
there's no girl to help.
Oi!
They end this lockdown.
They're all about broken limbs.
They're dead in Tyson.
I'm like Rick and Martin.
All of the buttons are here.
Friday, September 24th at the Logo Mar Country Club in Plantation.
Fourth of the proceeds, the benefits center.
Rock you by Tony, Roma, Stamins for Ribs and Mystic Cliffs, wine sellers.
For more information call 305-650-0163.
Great job on that go through it.
By the way, Sam, nice go.
I forgot all about that thing Sam wanted me to do today.
Did I forget about it?
No, I did not forget about it.
I mean, I did, but intentionally.
Just leave me alone, Sam.
You bug me.
You bother me badly.
You bother me coming in here pretending you're doing some work,
which we know you're not.
We have a meeting at Hooters.
We have a meeting with some Hooters.
This is what he was meeting with.
56670560, pound 560, and a mobile one line.
Here's a fact from somebody in Kendall who says,
on the issue of sex clubs and how immature this country has become.
Think about this.
Other than at a shady locale, which I find that an interesting term.
But other than at a shady locale, can an adult rent in a delt film in this town?
Question mark?
I don't agree with that.
I think there are a lot of video stories that write the adult movies.
Or am I wrong?
The hardcore?
Yeah.
No?
No.
There may be some that have a back room like the Beaded Curtin kind of thing.
Right.
But that's rare anymore.
It says, the video stories that used to rent these types of movies were bought out by Baldy,
and turned into better than God, holier than now stories, where they will tell you what you can watch.
Let's face it with no competition where we need to turn to.
In Kendall, where I live, says the effects here, you can't find a video story other than adult book stories.
They cater to adults like me, who from time to time want to exercise their rights as an adult.
And view whatever the hell I want to see in the privacy of my home.
But we have only us to blame for electing these types of assholes into public office so they can tell us how to live our lives.
Where is the nearest passport office he acts?
Well, that's a revelation to me.
No place to rent the adult videos, except of course there won't place up there in Tamarack,
which we won't talk about under penalty of death, because that guy says, you're an asshole.
The one that said is the black gildo that their what's his name?
Roy!
He's borrowing all the time.
560-560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Daniel, I want to tell you about how bad day schools are right now.
Yeah.
I'm a student at Southwest High.
Yes sir.
And I'm in a school where there's 40 plus to 60 plus students in a classroom.
Well that's lovely.
Yeah, and they don't even have enough books for them.
And we're taught by teachers where my personally, about to talk myself through all three years of my high school stay there.
Right.
And they don't care because they make 25, the teachers are making like 25,000 a year and less sometimes,
yet the school administration somehow now has a brand new office.
How do you like that?
You know, for all their staff and everything.
Right.
And so now I'm trying to get out of there and who knows, maybe I'll go to college one day.
Good luck pal.
Yeah, I'm telling you.
Sounds like you'll need it.
Okay.
Really, thanks.
There you go.
That's how much you people care about the public education system.
That's why it's in the shape that it's in.
Oh, but we got to build a new stadium.
Let's find, come on.
We'll find some way to get some money.
We'll find some way to subsidize it.
So John Henry can have a play toy.
But screw the kids, you know, now with them, they're on their own.
They're all bad anyway, you know, they're evil.
Fine, we got 400 open lines here today.
Maybe it's a real tooth pulling experience this day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
They get real ornary when we start doing a show like this.
I'll tell you.
They get real upset like that jackass.
They're called a few calls ago.
Hey, we don't hear enough men.
There's play that mess.
Yeah, right.
Place them stupid stuff that we've already heard 50 million times.
Because this guy is too much of an immature child.
He don't want to hear the guy then truth.
He wants to live in La La land.
Just like I said, just like most of South Florida.
A lot of places to live.
It's a place to wait to die.
It's a place to escape from the real world.
Because they're sure nothing real about this place.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
7 minutes 53 seconds and they're gone.
Thank you.
Okay, here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, are you?
Okay.
Great show.
It's good that we have somebody like you talking about issues that really...
Yeah, it's something that's out.
...that is willing to waste my time screaming to a bunch of people that don't give a crap, right?
I tell you, he should be commended.
This thing with the teachers.
I've got a lot of friends that are teachers and kind of talk to them a little bit.
You know, and they said, and I agree.
Their private life is no business of anybody else.
And it's not like they're exhibiting this stuff in front of anyone else,
which wouldn't be probably wrong anyway.
And you got the police coming in there and busting them.
They're behind closed doors.
They're paying a premium price to those dudes as whatever they want behind closed doors.
And it's really sad because I'd imagine in 5, 10 years you won't even have teachers.
Now because they're going to be afraid of being fired or losing your job.
This is one more great incentive for people to get in the teaching profession.
You know, it's almost impossible to get people to become teachers anymore because of the fact that the public doesn't support them.
They don't make any money at all.
And the kids behave like a bunch of animals now and bring weapons to school, which we never used to hear of.
So it's almost impossible to get good qualified people to be school teachers.
So let's just start witch hunts and see how many of them we can enforce out of the business.
Yeah, and you're not?
Yeah, and closing off to the young boy, where was that where he can't wear a religious symbol?
Don't pour Mississippi. You can't wear the started David.
Yeah, that's that's pretty sad. That's like things all I'm Christian mind you.
That's like saying to all Christians, hey, don't carry your Bible down public anymore because we don't want to see those books.
You know, it's just this sad thing. The world's really going to crap and a handbag.
I don't know what to say anymore. I'm just going to go smoke a big one and sit back and watch.
All right.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line free weed for everybody.
That's what I say.
Yeah, that'll solve some of these problems.
Melo some of these assholes out.
Can Jenny Bob Butterworth school board members? Most of them are spineless.
Let's hear it by the way for Stephanie Kraf is she the one she was the one that had some balls.
She's the one with the biggest balls that run a bar with school boards had just throw this thing out and let him go back and teach and cut the crap.
Let's hear it for Stephanie. Okay. One person Stephanie for mayor of Broward County. That's what I say right now.
And let's cut the bull crap and stop with the witch hunts.
I say there ought to be an impeachment drive against Ken Jenny right now for that idiot that called me for telling me about what a big democratic is.
Therefore, I don't talk about him. But if it was that asshole Nick the Var I would be not only are you incorrect.
But I said weeks ago on this program a story for his broke the ought to be impeaching Ken Jenny right now.
Mr. I have big bigger a fish to fry than being sheriff. This is only a waiting spot until I get to be a big shot.
You're a big shot. All right, Mr. But they bet the eye in a word shot in your case.
You're a big oozing smelly pile of crap Ken Jenny.
You know, this is like the McCarthy witch hunts that that's what it's like.
And that was in the 50s that was in the early 50s. So in other words, we move the clock back almost a half a century.
Nice going. We don't want to go forcing for barging our way into that next millennium.
Now let's move the clockway back so you know we give us kind of a ease ease into what kind of an approach.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 animal will one line 21 before 1 a Q a.m.
So as soon as I even give the time there goes that one drops off another wonder you're unbelievable man.
This radio station it's like a gigantic cancer on my back dome.
It's amazing, but I'll take the checks. Thank you. Why are you airing shit like this?
Hey guys, have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind?
When she asked me these kids making the fat.
Well, now you can with the Mr. Hanky message service.
Hello.
Howdy ho! I hear that you're having a little weight problem.
You mean that's right. You've got more kids than a Chinese phone book.
What the fuck are you talking about?
With the Mr. Hanky message service, you can get it all off your chest and she'll never even know it's you.
My gosh, you're got these things. I can smell it all the way over here.
You little my girl. Tell you you piece of shit.
If her ass is getting big, let her know. Call 1-800-Hanky-What.
1244-Too much Hanky-Panky. That's the problem, baby. They don't like that Hanky-Panky in America.
Cut it out, win it out. Do like Woody, Juliannie in New York.
Let's just sanitize all of America. Make it into one 50 state Disneyland.
There you go. Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse. Don't let them get too close to each other because we know who's inside those uniforms.
But let's have one big Disney World. And that'll be America for you.
In fact, let's just make everybody into a unit. That sounds good.
Oh! See ya.
5-670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Plantation.
A pavilion.
Yes, sir.
I saw the Russian rocket yesterday.
Yeah.
You look great.
Very exciting.
See all the great Russian NHL players over at Gold Coast.
Yeah.
So it's good to get Hanky back.
Hanky's not back sir. It's the 18th of August.
Yeah, I know.
Hanky's not back. Nobody in the effect of it. We're the 18th of October.
Nobody here in this town cares about Hanky sir.
I do.
And you know that. You and I do and that's it.
October 2nd. Why should it again sir?
You and I, that's it.
He's out of Russian rocket. Okay, that's good.
This guy must, he must know Gilwright.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Another one of these people that goes to practice.
Ooh. Oh boy.
I mean, no matter what sport it is, you know, when you talk about professional sports and yeah,
there's only one thing that comes to mind when somebody said they went to practice.
You know what that is?
Why?
Why would any person in his right mind go to watch play a guy's practice?
I won't even go to an exhibition game, which is, you know, supposed to be like at least a contest.
I won't go to that for love or money.
But practice, sir. Are you, are you losing it? Are you out of your mind?
Why?
God.
Keep them off the streets. I guess is the only positive.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time listener first time caller. I wanted to talk to you about that.
All right. I wanted to talk to you about the baseball stadium.
I want to talk about the arena that we helped build for Mickey Harris on one of the world's richest men.
Did you know that his corporation Carnival Cruise Lines pays no United States for all of that?
Yes, I do. I talk about that all the time. The ships are all foreign registry. Yes, sir.
That's great.
And daddy took his $9 billion over to Israel years ago, 10 years since we could avoid paying tax on it here in the US. Yes, sir.
That's right. And that's how crazy we are. The politicians are helping him build an arena.
Well, it's your mayor. That's Mayor Penga that did it there for you, sir.
I need to want to put it over on the public. If you're forward, vote yes. If you're against the vote, yes, vote whatever.
That's right. Well, that's what I wanted to say in the old tanks were listening and have a great day.
Now, this is this stuff just goes on. I mean, the penny sales tax was a miracle because at least the people had a chance to vote for it.
And there were some of us who were able to help to skew the election result. I think I hope.
But generally speaking, it's one of these deals. If you're forward, vote no. If you're against the vote. Yes. What can we do here?
Let's swing it around and lie to the public because this is one of the easiest places in the world to kind of public because the people are a sleep.
They're professionally doing their rip and winkle routine. Even when they're driving, just take a look around you out there.
If you're in your car right now, just take a look. There's news and maybe you're cruising and there's news.
Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. Hi, Neil. How are you doing?
Not too good. Really? No. No, I'm beating myself up. But I think you're the greatest. Yeah.
And I listen. I listen to you all the time. What are you so depressed about? I'm going to a divorce.
You should be you should be having a party. It's killing me. Yeah. But anyway, what can we do for you today, sir? Before we go into a total of state of depression?
Right. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I wonder why somebody's divorcing him. I don't you wonder why? Congratulations sweetheart, wherever you are.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Wow. We I sure feel better now. You know why? Because I'm not him. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, we're also getting a divorce.
Yeah, you're in English. Yeah, I mean, I'm right about that. Very messy nasty all kinds of sleaze in there. Yeah. Yeah. King of the right wing douchebag.
Right. King of the king of the don't do as I do do as I say. Right. The one that was flanderin' around while his wife was lying on her deathbed. Yeah. Yeah, that's him. Yeah. And he said on her fair for what?
Yeah, three years now, I think I heard. Yeah. And he's a level third and he wants to get a divorce so that he can pursue his little love affair there. Right.
You must have a lot of cash in the way in a stash somewhere. Otherwise these women got real bad eyesight. One or the other. Yeah, one of the other. Or else he's hiding something that can't be seen by the naked eye. All right. You know, that's all we have. Thanks for the good news, sir. Good old newt, baby. He's got more problems now. He's got a real messy divorce coming up there in the stories all over the place.
And he's got that bull-like sister he's got to contend with. Well, problems. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let me say it again. The people, the right wingers, the finger pointers, just looking at their closet's manual. It would be like fibromageme mollies closet. Just stuff come pouring out of there.
The ones who point to fingers the most. Those are the ones who are doing everybody inside. Anything that moves. Here's the mobile in pompino. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? I'm northbound on the turnfights. I'm long from pompino. I'm up here by yeehaw to on the side of the corner. I'm working at progress. Nice gone.
And not much in the rain. I'm headed towards Tampa to pick up a new motor home I bought. Great show. Listen to you all the time. And thanks for providing it to us.
You're talking about police brutality, which is what those people suffered with a form of police brutality. Right. And WSVN aired something about a week ago up in Lake Worth. How that cop was beaten that guy with that metal baton.
And they showed it about two, three thousand times in slow moll and freeze frame. Looks like they hit him with a golf club.
But the first time they aired it, they also indicated that the other two officers were holding the guy down on the ground while it was happening.
The next two or three times I saw it, there was no mention of that. So I emailed them and asked them what was their take on that, what happened to the other two cops. They were as involved as the first one. And no emails returned.
So I figure I contact the state attorney office up there in Palm Beach County and maybe follow it through. It seems like the other two guys are in the background off the look completely.
Really? I saw them as being part of it. So, if you look like it to me, I saw it about 400 times. Well, there were only one guy in the middle of the panel seven. Just in channel seven. You couldn't have missed it.
Well, there's only one guy boiling an oil and all of a sudden the WSVN didn't want to talk about the other two, which is exactly like them. Sounds kind of like that story about the prostitution ring in Dave County that people keep promising us.
We're going to hear all the rest about it and all the names and so on. But nobody hears any more about that about the cops that were hoeing out the 16 year old girl in Kendall and the one in Hylia.
The police chief or the mayor or somebody like that makes the call not all the sudden the story.
All of the sudden the story about it is like in our great investigative journalist that we have here in the media for some reason, they just all of a sudden lose their tongue and we never hear another word about it. Isn't it great?
Well, your show helps some of us realize that and the rest of them like to say they're out in La La land.
Okay, pal. The reason I was calling and I'm headed to pick up this RV and I'm going to have them put a dish in it and they offer the dish network. Isn't that the system that I want? Not the SS.
No, you don't want the dish network. You want direct TV. I want direct TV. At least that's what I like. I mean this now I don't even know what this network has got. That's run by the cable operators, I believe.
Okay, I'll I'll poke around a little. When I tell you direct TV, that's the way to go. That's the way to go.
Great show. Thanks for providing us. I would say trip. You too. I will 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
We hear any more about those cops. No, not the cops up in Orlando that I talked about yesterday on the video tape that we saw. No, free scream and slow mo stick it in here.
Stick it in there. No, hear any more about that. No.
People going to a private club behind closed doors and adults. Nobody's getting beaten up. Nobody's being abused. Nobody's being harmed in any way, shape or form.
So there is no, no way in the world that anybody should know anything about what's going on in there.
Oh, but they're breaking the law. How are they breaking the law?
Loot and lascivious act. Sex is about, of course, there again. You go back to that. That's out of me statue when you got things on the books from 5,000 years ago.
If anybody in this audience right now touching yourself, I'm telling you right now you better hands off because you're breaking the law. That's against the law. Whatever you might be do. Even if you just, you know, taking a leak and shaking it off a little bit.
You're breaking the law.
And if it's starting to get above like 50% on the Richter scale of turgidity, I'll tell you right now, Mr. you better cut it out. So to speak.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, Ken Jenny has no penis. And this is why he has busted out.
OK, thank you. Can Jenny has no penis. Thanks for the good news.
At least, you know, God works in mysterious ways, but sometimes we get the good news a little bit late. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing, nail? OK.
You just scared to heck out of me, man. I was in here with my phone in my right hand and my left hand was in my lap. No, no, I don't do that.
I'm going to have to win tonight. I'll do that even accidentally. I might brush your your lap a little bit and God will know is what might stop up next.
I really want to be able to have chronic lawbreakers.
You know, I was sitting here thinking we got all these so-called resource officers in all of our schools.
I don't know about Mississippi, but don't you think that these guys should know who the gang members are instead of just flirting with the 16 and 17 year old girls?
First of all, the idea that, you know, I can't imagine that there are too many Jewish kids in Gulf port Mississippi in school.
And it sounds to me like a flagrant act of discrimination and anti-Semitism was really sounds like to me.
And like I said before, if they told the other kids that they had to take the crosses off their neck, there would be such a human cry in screaming and carrying on and ashing of teeth like you never saw before in your life.
And you're the only one that's got anything to say about it. Nobody is at least but concerned about this.
The whole thing bothers me. I know when I was in school, it seemed like the administration knew who was doing, who was drinking on Friday night.
Yeah. And now they can't tell the gang members from a Jewish boy.
Hey, listen, the parents don't even know when the kids are building bombs in the garage and in their bedroom.
So how do you expect anybody to know anything? Everybody could believe you this man.
That's true. No family anymore. Everybody just runs the streets and does what they want.
There you go. They're running in the streets.
Well, no, you keep up the good work because eventually somebody's you're going to turn somebody around. It's not listen and make them listen.
Okay. I love the list. You think I have a great day. I'm going to turn somebody around.
Woo.
I must have been confused with Ricky Martin. Apparently those two other cops in the lake worth. Yes.
We're fired yesterday. Someone called. All right. All right.
That's it. There's the good news. Okay. The two other cops were canned yesterday. Good.
That we're holding a guy down while the one cop was just beating and beating and flailing and wailing repeatedly over and over again.
Like I like a maniac in heat.
5 6 7 speaking of Reginald Denny. You know, seeing isn't it ironic how that came to that totally over the years.
Everything ties in together like a goddamn puzzle.
What goes around comes around. Reginald Denny. It was misspoke before.
Slip that name in there.
From back in the Rodney King days.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Well, I'm telling you, I'm working overtime today to try to squeeze a little bit of response out of these lethargic bastards out there.
It's not working to good. I'm trying. I'm squeezing. I'm pushing. I'm pumping. Probably they turned off because they heard that the.
That'll be on later. It's not till seven o'clock, but that would sure get me to crush my radio.
5 2 1. My heavy.
Oh boy. It's the one to two hours.
Having trouble falling asleep. Yeah, every night I try counting sheep.
Well, now you can relax with a new limited time offer that stinks in a different way. It's the best of our door.
Our door. I want to be asleep. Not combatoes.
Shut up and listen to this.
And we have this today because I created the Internet.
Whoa. I'm feeling drowsy already.
That's right. After just a few minutes of listening to Democratic presidential hopeful Al Gore, you'll forget what's bothering you and start thinking about who's bothering you.
I love the environment because environmentally speaking without an environment, the world would be a terrible environment in which to raise our children.
I can't keep my eyes open.
Yes, you'll get off to the land of Wink and Lincoln and nod as you subject yourself to the most uncharismatic public figure in the history of American politics.
I have made an illegal phone call or two in my office, but at least I didn't have the list at sex in there.
It's true. Nothing puts me in the mood to be unconscious. More than the life president.
I'll then in office. My wife.
Dr. Duffer drew another sleep last night. Get the best of Al Gore today.
And tonight you'll be sleeping like this.
You are the best of Al Gore. I'm sitting in cassette. Just call 1,800.
It's a 102 at 560 WDQAM. Here's a fact from Todd and Volko who says,
My sister is a teacher of six years. Today she's flying the South Korea for two years because she can't afford to pay back her student loans with the money she earns teaching here.
How sad when the education system in this country expects dedicated teachers to live next to poverty level says, Tom, right on Tom.
Pay them nothing. Abuse them. Don't ever take their side. Always assume the worst of autumn and then have witch hunts to make sure we can find out some dirt on them so we can screw up their lives.
By the way, the good news is about those two cops that they didn't get canned. The bad news is that they were allowed to walk away so they could get their pension. They were allowed to resign.
But they still get their pension. How do you like that? Only $50.
$50.670.560 on the AT&T wireless line. You know, you sit here. I kind of like a stare at my navel. I kind of played three more years of this.
Three more years of being here in this repressive and this fascist in this anti-human kind of environment that's getting worse by the minute and the people out there just keep going like that.
Nothing faces you. Nothing bothers them. Nobody cares about anything.
Oh, yeah. Let's build a new ballpark. I mean things that are just so on the face of them absurd and maniacal absurdity.
And people talk and your newspapers. Oh, yeah. Well, it's not a question of if it's just where we're going to put it. You know, and who's going to come up with the money for us now?
Easy for them to say what other God damn millions and billions of dollars really easy for them to say crazy people.
Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm the school of teachers. I got three kids and today the truth. I wouldn't want my kids anywhere near those guys.
Those teachers. I mean, I got a 12 of 14 of 16 and you know, who's to say what's going on? You know, I mean, what does that mean?
What would you mean you wouldn't want them anywhere near those what what teachers your kids teachers? Yeah. Why are they all scumbags?
Well, I mean, if they're in these sex clubs, I mean, come on. Come on. What? You never know what they're doing.
What does that mean? Why could they bring it up to school with them? They could be what? They could be bringing that stuff to school with bringing what stuff.
They could be bringing one in the bag. You think they're going to school with a book of bags of a basket of bags. They could have lotion in there all kinds of stuff.
They put the lotion in the basket. Is that what you're saying? They put the lotion in the bag. You know, when I think zero, I think you've got lotion in your back. I think you're a mental case. That was the best call I think I've ever had.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT. What was he trying to say? Yeah. Oh, that's what I thought he said. Here's a pomp it. Oh, hello.
How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I just recently graduated from FAU with an elementary ed degree and I just got hired yesterday and I'm kind of scared because I have a brain in an opinion and I listen to you.
So what's next is immediately you're going to hunt me down because I listen to Neil Rogers. Yes. Probably that last caller. What was he? Was he special or what? He was a real special case. Unfortunately, that's what I'm going to have to deal with as a teacher.
His parents like that. However, Neil, I'm glad that somebody has an opinion on on these teachers and they're back. Actually backing him, but what they do off school grounds is their own business. I mean, come on.
That they've been media's gone a little too far with this a little too far. That a little bit. However, I love your show and I'd like to share this request. Can I call somebody to do back? Yes, sir. Tommy and Jack to do back. Okay. Good luck. Well, you'll need it. Oh boy. Like I said, we'll need it.
5 6 7 0 5 60. It puts the lotion in the basket and pond 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. That's right. They're bringing their lotion to school. How do you like that? Yeah. One of your kids might come home from school one day and find some mysterious lotion and is.
I don't even know how to how I got there. I do like that. Man. Used to be learning the ABCs in school. Now they're just learning the old K. Wads, I guess. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm doing great. Great. What a topic. Hey, I got an interesting story for you. I used to work at Penrods on Miami Beach. Oh, God. Yeah. Well, that's back when I just built the club. And by the way, Jack Penrod, I think is the guy that owned the Wabs restaurant chain that you said when you went to the club. Right. Yeah. There were spanned too fast and went out of business.
That's which is a shame because it was great. Yeah, but in that light, they used to throw a lot of functions at that little night, that little stand of 10th Street right there on the beach for the police department for the Miami Beach police department. And I kind of got to know a couple of those guys. And they had a guy that was like a psychologist for them that would interview these prospective Miami Beach police cops. And he told me that like a large portion of them that he would, you know, sign off that these guys were eventually going to be mother rapers and father stabbars, but that they would still hire them anyway because they just needed to
fill that void. You know what I mean? And so I think that is that a commentary on the kind of mentality that the, I mean, I got nothing against police. Believe me. I'm glad I'm glad they're out there because you know, but I mean, it is. Boy, we need to draw the line somewhere. Yeah, but let me ask you this when you say we know they're out there, but it used to be years ago. You'd see a copy. It'd be like a good feeling. You felt like safe like when you're in Europe and Rome or somewhere and you see a cop with an oozy standing on a corner. And there's the feeling of comfort that comes over you.
Because you know that he's there to protect you and to go after scumbags, but you're when you see a cop on maybe it's only me. It's usually out there in a highway somewhere and everybody slams out of breaks and they slow down about five miles below the speed limit. Everybody's paranoid and I'll crap. You know, I sure hope he turns off the road and gets out of my life real quick here. That's generally the kind of feeling people have when he see cops now. Sure as fast as you can. You run the hell the other way. But you know what? And hostility and issue. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Hey, great talking to you. Okay, slow down pal. Yeah, Jeff.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless. We just had a story on the news yesterday about those cops down in Kendall.
We're at the legal crap that we're doing in that house and then we had the drug cops last week with any enormous amount of I can't even keep track of them. There's so many of these goddamn stories.
So who the hell has got time for that, you know, little diddly prostitution ring down there. We don't have time for that. That's all potatoes. I guess.
Now let's go ahead and like the guy said before there were a couple of cops involved in this raid on the swing clubs.
But we don't find out who they are. Not that it's important. You understand, but it just seems to me there's a double standard here. Maybe I'm crazy. You know, call me crazy.
Call me crazy.
Call me crazy. Neil.
Eight minutes after one at five 60 WQM. Ken Jenny is the anti Christ. Don't ever forget it boys and girls. All your kids out there.
You see Ken Jenny coming running the other direction. If you have a chance to vote when you grow up, whatever he's running for just vote against whoever he's running.
If he's running, he has Heinrich Kimmer. Just remember Heinrich never stole a freight train. Just say goodbye to Ken Jenny and Bobby Butterworth and all the other fascists of their ilk.
Crazy people.
Pandering to the anti human element out there and of course knowing that the rest of the public is just sitting back in like I said, La La Land.
Neil.
Right on masterpiece. The Tourette syndrome player present Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. What like three on window break? It is the East and Juliet is the
most important thing to do.
What you pay.
You pay.
This is the one player.
Presentation of Romeo and Juliet.
On tonight.
I'll be looking for it. Let's just say you two.
114 at five 60 WQM. We got Bill Zimper coming up into a clock for the why is not really on vacation. Thanks out there and send you a good
moment.
I'm going to wait for the ball game this week for ESPN. You know Hank that works there kind of like part time during football season.
Bill Zimper is on there and then of course at seven o'clock. I want to give you advanced warning on this.
Let's see Zimper is on from what do we go. Josh Dero is on from six to seven to fill the breach because you know who's going to be on TV.
Boring the audience at about five thirty. So at seven o'clock till 10 before the Marlon Dodger game. We got.
Tonight and we're pretty embarrassed about it too.
We are real embarrassed. In fact I'll bet you we could probably get somebody better than that.
Somebody qualified to be on the air. If somebody in this building make a little more effort. Get off your duck.
Yeah and find somebody who belongs on the air instead of like you know.
Get off your duck. Some man with no personality in a mouth. The size of a mouth rush more.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless. But I say that Joe is winning from ear to ear. They really mean it.
Where we going? Here's a somewhere. Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah whenever I see the key. Those to catch you on TV I get okay. Great. Thank you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yes. Hello Neil. Yes sir. I hate to attract the education nonsense. But I'm one of those terrible.
Education nonsense. Well you know I'm one of those terrible teachers. I'm one of those terrible.
Is that a ballot? No. I'm one of those terrible people who teach the students of some of the same people who either avoid your program because they think you're too racy.
Oh yeah. God forbid. I'm sure that's all the all the high school and all the kids out there would be having nervous breakdowns.
They probably all become hardened criminals that they listen to show. Yeah but you know something these kids have told me some stories.
Some of the things that happen in the schools and I'm not kidding and this is not hyperbole. Yeah. If the two if the parents knew what the hell their kids were doing in the bathrooms in the quiet areas of the school.
Then they would be a revolution against the administrators who run around from meeting to meeting. No no there wouldn't because the parents don't care. That's painfully obvious.
Well yeah. Well yeah. Unfortunately we have parents in our advisory board and all they do is sit there like ventrilovers, dummies sort of like the superintendent of schools does.
And you know just sit there and say yes or yes at three bags full nothing ever changes. And you know I just wanted to say that you know as a teacher was trying to do the good job.
Who's trying to fight that good fight. I really appreciate your work your radio show and the Oxford English dictionaries looking for new words.
There is a new one. Neil Rogers God. Okay thanks. Hang in there Bill. Okay.
Okay. Fourteen hundred open lines here. We got forty four minutes to kill the who's counting five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Now we can continue this conversation where we can just put the backstreet boys on from MTV.
All right. You see that limo right there. Yeah. You're about to get in that limo. Yeah. Would Nick probably that be her luck. But that pineapple head five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Opalaka. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir.
Listen. I'm not saying what those what they do with those teachers was correct in that but something I want to ask you about and run your mind here.
Wouldn't you be able to concern if you were had a pilot that was getting ready to to fly you somewhere and told you I'm totally plastered in a bar about forty hours earlier.
Yeah of course nobody would be able to play in your end. So wouldn't that bring up a little bit concerned about what they had done with those instructors as for what they do in their class.
So some others you're comparing being drunk and flying a plane with having sex now let me ask you something. Suppose the sex acts that they were doing in a private club. Suppose they did them in a home. Would it affect the way they behaved in class that they needed differently.
They wouldn't be breaking in their home because they didn't break in that house. You didn't listen to my question. You're suggesting that somehow because of whatever they were doing in a private club was going to affect their behavior in the school. And like I said if they did the same act at home. Why wouldn't that also affect you.
And so in other words you're saying that teachers should be unix is that what you're saying. No but I'm just saying that if you're concerned about someone going into a club. How does how does that affect how well how you do your job the next day.
How about how about if the airline pilot that you're talking about was drinking how about if he was in a swing club that I before you think that's going to affect the way he flies the plane.
So back to the question you just finished that. I'm going to answer that question but answer the question yourself. It's going to be self explanatory. How would that affect that pilot because you're piloting your plane the following day if he's still like under that little bit of anesthesia because of the drinks that he has.
We already are. Maybe your ears are plugged. We already answered that one. Okay. Nobody would get on the plane on the right mind. Okay. We're not talking about people who were intoxicated. We're doing a little more.
And we're also not talking about people whose jobs are affected by their sex life. Can you tell me anybody whose job is affected by their sex life.
And you try to tell me that you have an answer one question or not. I'm trying to. Well what's the answer. The question is how could anybody be as rude and stupid as you at the same time. That's a question. Got an answer. No. Thank you.
There's a guy's having a conversation with himself. Smorron idiot Simplton. Yeah like a pilot who gets drunk. There you go. Got a lot to do with a teacher that goes out and has sex in a swing club or wherever the hell they're having it. God forbid.
Crazy person man. You're crazy. You'll rationalize anything to try to try to make up for the fact that you're sexually repressed and that you've been brainwashed sex is evil sex is bad.
Well jobs in a white house that's okay. 5 6 7 all those orgies there when JFK was in every time Jackie go out of town that was okay they kept it quiet.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello.
Yes sir. Yes. I will be show. I was bringing up the cop that planted at fall seven in the apartment house that day.
That's the one that cops that planted the fall seven and that was the latest one getting them all there's so many of them last week I'm getting them all confused right.
Right but what scares me is all the other people that were arrested by them previous if they did it at one time they probably did it before.
Yeah. Just to make them look good. You think about that. It's cast a big gigantic shadow doesn't it. Yeah. You could be going on and innocent people in jail or you're paying. No.
You didn't take it and find everything else. So it's a scary thought when there's nothing worse than a crooked cop right amen. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
Thank God we don't have no crooked cops down here cops that are running a prostitution right 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in bouquet. Hello. What's going on now. Yes sir. I get off work about five 30s. I can be at the station at seven to do the show. It says the gackie.
Come right on over you could you got to be better. I mean I at least have half a person now and I know I mean a little bit about sports.
So that should qualify me for you know second behind a hang on the station right. Call up bluster man. Get off you stuff. Right. I mean how do you oh my god the gackie I mean.
Okay. See you at the quarter seven 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the grove. Hello. Yeah. I need a hot dog. Okay.
Hey. Um don't we know how these particular council members voted so that when it comes time for them to be reelected we can get them to hell out of here.
You know I keep reading the article. I know Stephanie Krafvote said through the whole thing out. Well she seems to be the one with half a brain.
And Diana Wasserman she was the real sugar. But for some strange reason it doesn't have the entire list of how people voted at least not in the article.
I'm reading here today. I'm dying. Diana Wasserman. She was the real sugar in the wood pod yesterday saying.
These teachers are not going back into classroom to listing as we saw for those people who think this is a reversal it is not Diana Wasserman.
I just see the real bitch. They should be held accountable for their opinion so that we know what kind of people you know what kind of mentality you're up there running our school board. Right.
I mean we just need to know where the people are coming from. Yeah. Where is the law that's what we want to know is where is the list of who voted how that's right.
I would love to see it. I would love to see it and put that up so that they can defend their own.
Well maybe you can also got the answers they'll fax it to me before the show is over. There you go.
Okay. All right I'm looking for my passport.
Okay. I'll see you. I'll be right there right in front of you in line. Renewing mine just for the next 20 or 30 years after my one I got runs out.
Hey special order all my friends there in the passport office in Miami. Love you guys. Don't lose my address.
5.5.6.7.0.5.60.
Pound 5.60.
I mean what kind of person in their right mind.
Would want to be a school teacher in this country. Now we got shootings in schools. We got how many kids came with weapons to school.
Not just how many kids came in with weapons but how many were expelled. Those are the statistics they give us.
Oh gee it wasn't as many as last year isn't that great. You know only 4,000.
Coming in with knives and guns and shotguns and pipe bombs and you name it.
And then and then so and listen to some of these people. Yeah I wouldn't let my kids hear any of those scumbags because God only knows what they were doing in there.
Yeah they were having sex act. Oh God.
They might have actually even been touching somebody's or maybe even their own. Oh boy.
What kind of person does that.
Here's a mobile in Hallendale. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir.
I just want to comment on the guy who called in that trying to compare.
I was flying a airplane drunk while preparing that to sec. Yeah that's simple.
The douche bag doesn't send anybody go home for lunch and have a quick eat anymore without a chance I have your car on the work or anything.
I don't know I sure hope that airline pilot isn't doing that because if he's doing that we don't want to get on that flight.
That was a ridiculous comedy. You know let's get home and have a quick eat.
We have a 37,000 feet and God knows that you've been dilding around. You'll probably strike you down. This is a way of getting back. I'll pissed off he gets.
Yeah. You have sex nowadays and you can't drive your car either. You get a DUI or something. Make sure you talk to David or something.
Now you're starting to get the drift of it.
Okay Neil. Put it away.
5, 6, 7. I mean sex is we we have the sexual paranoid Americans. That's what we have now. Everybody wants it but they have to you know for for consumers sake for the sake for the consumption of the public.
They have to talk a good game.
Oh it's evil and it's disgusting and it's sinful and the Bible says this and everybody who's doing it today.
Yeah missionary position face to face with your spouse only. How many of you people would be in jail right now.
What's the sex police start knocking on your door, peering through your windows and of course the best part of it is it'll be on Channel 7 news.
So once you see the Channel 7 truck drive up there if I were you I wouldn't be walking around anywhere in the neighborhood because they got some people over there don't drive too good.
Especially later on in the evening after they've had a couple of you know what I mean.
So you better watch it. They might not only run your reputation down they just might run you down not to mention no names Rick.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir.
I'm confused about exactly what law or statute those teachers broke. Obviously the provider of that swing club was not arrested the club was not shut down.
There's no law against having places like Plato's not not only that they have a license to do business. They're not operating illegally. They have a list of what did they do wrong.
Ludanlosivius.
The hate here but that's supposed to be out in the open open isn't it. You tell me.
I don't even this is ridiculous and you know I've really been complaining why doesn't you know obviously that law has to be changed.
It's just ridiculous and you think that that law is going to be changed with the president governor and legislates you that we have now that he's good Bible something right when goody two shoes that are going to take you.
Is it a Fort Lauderdale law or the state of state?
Well, Ludanlosivius and Sodom in all of that those are Florida statutes. State laws.
I don't know how.
In addition to which we in Broward County we've got even worse laws than just the general side of me law. We've got the virginity law and all the other things I was telling you about before in pompano.
You can't they have that virginity thing if you're in an adult establishment you can't have your penis has to be in a limp state or you've got big problems maybe that's right.
I have to keep it in a limp state like Florida.
Well anyways I've been here three years and it's really disappointing.
Thank you anyways.
Good luck you pal and please put it away now before it's too late. Why do you think the state of shape like a big penis huh?
Get y'all worked up into a frenzy and then as soon as you touch it all you're going to jail.
Oh right.
The prior we put it it makes quite a lot of you get spam.
So when it's time for lunch I want my time.
I knew it was happy and wearer than it wanted to be so we bought some spam but it didn't have a chance that we drove it there.
I know I got a new driver from top to top.
I opened up the candy even left the cell ride off his hand.
Cutting up the piece of wood.
He didn't try to do anything.
I got one of the rest didn't have no one to do.
I just said to him that he took a big fine and a big big break.
And he couldn't wait to take the paper plate.
He had to serve them to get a fine shot.
They all care that he would be able to take a big big nap cut.
A bell of blue and with a modern piece of paper candy.
And he put in the candy and there's a belly in front of the smell.
Some people need to be careful with the spam.
It makes me feel awkward with you and you know what I mean.
And there's a real easy thing you can say.
But you end up really quickly when you come to spam.
Pretty timely took us this and we are topic tomorrow.
Jews who eat spam.
133 at 560 WQM.
Hold the mayo by the way.
I was big in a mic.
I'll say that.
I mean what a stupid article this morning about Pavel Burry in the pan.
You don't know what you're talking about, sweetheart.
You would know Trevor Henry from Trevor Henry.
560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
How you doing?
Okay.
I'm just going to start up about all the stuff between the cutie can't
where to start David and what's happening with the teachers.
It's all seems to be the same thing that it's just expressing individuals in the
just plain wrong.
It's out the window.
That's right.
Individual freedom is our history.
And what gets to me is you're saying about the school uniform debate and all this stuff.
I'm keep thinking.
Whenever they try to do this thing like Nazis and fichisti and kind of every one of
these things that fall and they fall failed because it's not just because of
outside forces, it's always because people on the inside fly against it.
Because they didn't like it because they really hated it.
And they undermined it whenever they could.
Why do they keep going, like, new rack repetition are always going to keep trying this like
Sunday it's going to work.
It's going to change something.
If you dress everybody else, everybody up the same and you make them go
step a little bit, all of a sudden it'll change the way they behave and it'll make them
real bright little obedient kids.
It's like the school security that got, okay, they're going to put metal detectors in it.
But if I remember right there, to do the kids, your 10 year old, they were off,
they were out in the woods, off of school ground shooting at the kids.
So metal detectors wouldn't work there.
And in Columbine they just had this thing where all the kids are going to have to have
ID badges.
Well, gee, that would have meant that Harrison Crebow would have had them too.
So what good does that do?
I mean, what difference does that make?
Now, but everybody's going to have a bad, so we know who you are.
Yeah, there you go.
And it's just great, great solutions.
All simplistic band-aid solutions.
And then people talk about getting these people out of office, like the school board out of
office.
The other day I'm watching about, you know, the 12 year old kid who's supposed to
be slammed up, the kid, his mother was babysitting.
Yeah.
Who is under the office.
Yeah, the six year old drill at Stedymini.
Yeah.
And turned out it was more than just her neck.
Right.
A lot of other injuries.
Yes, who the judge was who has him in house arrest.
Not Susan Lebow.
Yeah.
Let him go, Lebow.
Let him go, Lebow.
Oh, no.
What you probably look at all these injuries in the size of the kid and say, you're the
head, let's get him started towards you.
Then he'll make a great linebacker.
Oh, God.
Thanks for the bad news.
I hate to say it.
Maybe let him go, Lebow likes to be a show.
But anyway, 5'6, 7'0, 5'60, pound 5'60 on the EAT and T wireless line.
How could she still be a judge, by the way?
How could that bitch still be a judge in Broward County?
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I want to call.
I think it should be a law where teachers have to go to swing clubs just to release stress
from teaching all these fools in school.
Oh.
There you go.
That's all I had to say, Neil.
Okay, thank you.
Thanks.
5'6, 7'0, 5'60, pound 5'60 on the EAT and T wireless line.
Excellent call.
I especially liked a little at the end there.
Kind of an interesting touch.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
True story in 1942.
My mother was a high school teacher in Palm Beach County and it was torched into the year and she was pregnant.
And the administrator walked by and noticed that she was teaching high school in pregnant and thought maybe it would be a good idea if she resigned because it would not be a good influence on the children.
No, not she was not a good teacher.
At the wedding for four or five years.
Right.
So the administrators.
They thought that big tummy they might start asking a lot of questions.
My mother was as conservative as anybody and she said, are you serious?
Yeah.
So where do you think these high school kids, what do you think this is?
High school?
High school in 1942 in Palm Beach County.
Is that amazing or what?
Yes.
I wish they would get a little more concerned about some of the other activities as opposed to also whether the cruise ships open up their gambling casinos.
You know, a tenth of a mile from...
That's right.
That's a mile.
I'm not assuming before they get outside the territorial waters, you're right with that area.
That's really a fair start.
Second these things, real, real close.
That's what we're paying our tax money for, sir.
That's what we're paying.
Nobody cares.
They're waiting in our tax money.
It's like, pushing it down the toilet.
We just keep paying and paying and paying and smiling and just we're oblivious.
Well, we hire Larry Smith as a barricading county lobbyist that convicted felon when he was a congressman.
Right.
And Timbrook Pinesha thought he was a lobbyist also.
All right.
I mean, you know, that's just like, oh, it's okay, he's convicted felon.
But we don't want those cruise ships like gambling at 2.9 miles out.
Good luck to you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
How about if we get John Lamello back?
What are you saying?
There's everybody roll martini.
Oh!
See, unlike these idiots out there, I keep getting these chronic factors, which I don't read by the way.
I throw them in a waste basket as soon as I see the handwriting signal, waste the paper, or you can just wipe your...
Correct.
...with them, by the way, the same idiots.
Does make any different Democrats, Republicans, here in South Florida, politics, they're all the same.
Choose, goiom, Hispanics, Anglo-Sparts.
Well, we got enough criminals in every group to go around.
Doesn't make you pick one.
They had the thing on this morning, these surveillance tape dated with Howard Geary.
Who is the... not Miller Dawkins, the other one, the other Sparts are a commissioner that was going to travel to Jamie Burke.
Is that the one?
Yeah, Jamie Burke.
Yeah.
Who's with the B?
Oh, yeah.
100 grand sounds good to me.
And you can slide it over there.
I'll tip it up and cash and to came in Ireland and buy, buy this and that.
Yeah.
We got more guy named Crooks down here, the biggest Crooks in it.
And you know something, and they keep putting it there every time, if they get to run again, put them back in again.
That's right.
Wild crazy people, Xavier Suarez.
You know, man, it's running around knocking on people's doors.
Yeah.
Yeah, I want to talk to you about follow this.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
I wouldn't be surprised.
Bertrand Ender is going to be running the whole county in a couple of months, once they let him out.
Well, they want to keep him in there for a while, so they'll increase the little pissed off of his wife, you know.
And that lawyer, guy.
Yeah, they still doing it.
Oh, I wouldn't be surprised.
No, see, they belong in jail.
Yeah, it's not great.
He's sitting in the slammer.
He's probably getting his.
Bracket.
Yeah.
And she's getting hers.
And the lawyer too.
She's one thing to get screwed by your lawyer, but when your wife gets screwed by your lawyer, then you really know you got it.
Big time.
Oh, you shouldn't have said that.
Because you know about lawyers, George, especially ones that call here that want to be talk to your host and don't want to do their lawyer work.
21 before.
Just who?
Just this morning, I always tell you about him not really doing much, but he does stand out long emotional letters.
I'm glad he's feeling great.
We're all pulling for him, but you know, do some lawyer work.
Okay, Norm?
And stop by.
And by the way, Joseph Gacky is better on here than you are.
So what does that tell you?
I mean, that's a shot and deservedly so.
Only in the banana republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
You know, we haven't heard some two-poet up.
And a cool thing, yeah.
I took a call for Nate Barnaby.
They say the future be so neat.
Now I can't get no job.
All right.
Because I don't got no literacy.
I was talking like a no-need rose.
If I like talking how this way, now I can't do nothing.
But my heritage say is that okay.
Change my name to shoot rose.
Drive a doomsenocoda ain't a Cadillac.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside.
The building there, Bob, grind the blues out, father, teeth.
White devil's got nose yaw, so he ain't time to pass.
So the bomb is to get my life to change.
Now I'm high.
Got to go in and sell more raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
No, they would have bought these songs.
You bought an explanation, it sounds funny.
Got nothing to do with literacy.
Now I got to make more money.
They were fooled, sounds good to me.
I got plenty of nothing.
You buy nothing to get me anywhere.
Maybe I'll look at all white men's.
Feel the fuss and fuller hair.
Then they're gonna take some money.
I was very old and a frigid dad.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside.
The building there, Bob, grind the blues out, father, teeth.
White devil's got no job for these hands.
Time to pass.
The building would give my love a change.
Now, I got to go in there, moe, Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
By the way, you know how much we saw in the comments about the convenience store over here.
You know, I'm not sure if there's any other people in the black kids.
There's few names I couldn't speak English with a crap.
And you couldn't understand what they were talking about.
Even for robotics, they weren't doing too good.
They're not coming about that.
And you want to know why?
Most white people are very happy to have it that way.
They love having it that way.
Oh, yeah.
Divides the line between those who can speak and qualify for jobs.
And those who are like inarticulate unfortunately will go through life,
praying that they might be able to flip hamburgers for McDonald someday.
Here's a lady in sunrise.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you.
First of all, Nick Carter has more talent than his right pose than you will ever have.
And he's not a pineapple head.
He's stupid fact-bagged.
Now, the best part of that is that I happen to be a big, probably the number one backstreet voice fan in the whole town.
Number two, I love Nick Carter.
And number three, I'm talking about pineapple head because if you're watching your TV,
you stupid bitch on the MTV thing.
For the video that they're shooting, he's got his hair up and it looks like a pineapple head.
And that's why I said that.
But because you're so obnoxious and disgusting, you see what I've said about the woman down here, even a young one.
She was crying.
She was crying.
She was a circle when she called and I put on her.
Is there anybody on here in this town who's a bigger fan of the backstreet voice than I am?
No.
And Nick Carter, who even knows who they are, by the way?
No.
You owe me an apology, sweetheart.
Okay, you little bitch.
What is with the woman in this town?
Young ones, old ones in between ones, 90% of them belong behind a rubber room somewhere.
Nick Carter's got more talent.
He's great, okay?
Jesus, God almighty.
I got somebody in hysterics here.
We're talking about important stuff and I got somebody in hysterics because I made a joke about Nick Carter looking like pineapple head being on an MTV thing, which by the way,
if I'm so anti Nick Carter in the backstreet voice, how come I was watching it sweetheart?
You crazy bitch.
God.
By the way, Nick and I have to spindle it.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's what you did, sir.
I got a better chance with Nick's judo.
And that's what you pissed about.
Oh, goodnight.
There you go.
You're heartless.
Can you say you're heartless?
I think that's what you said.
Really heartless.
I think that's what you said.
I think that's what you said.
I mean, this is just unbelievable.
This town, so many angry people, hysterical people, about crap.
You're singing your preaching to the choir suite heart.
Oh, my God.
Now I got to take flag because first of all, I won't send that Sherri bitch in Boka any backstreet boys tickets, which I don't have any.
I'm working feverously to get my own tickets.
Thank you.
And now I got to take craft, which do we ever hear?
How many young women do we ever hear from on this show?
Maybe three a year?
And she calls up and right off the bat, she starts on it.
Oh, Nick Curtis got more time as little.
I don't know if it's little or not, sweetheart.
Nor do I care.
This was the highlight of my day.
You know, this kind of broke up the monotony of the rest of the day.
You know, of preaching and prodding and trying to get forced people to talk about something they ought to be up at arms about.
Is getting attacked for my anti-nick Carter and backstreet boys views.
Well, you know, something I better change my routine.
Oh, even here, even AJ.
How about Brian?
You are my topic.
We don't want to hear that part where Nick starts singing.
She'll start breaking out in hives.
The thing I wasn't talking about.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah. Wait till George comes out on vacation.
He'll have a few words about the backstreet boys because George has got crappy taste.
You probably don't even like 98 degrees.
Although he does like the video because he likes the video lady.
Like the hot chicken there with the big hooters videos.
Great when you're playing other music.
The video is great.
Oh, yeah.
There you go.
See relentless little spick.
And I'm the one that has to take the crap.
Lady, I'm going to tell you something sweet art.
You only a handwritten apology.
Anyway.
