Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Horn Monterdale presents the Neil Rogers.
They're talking Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and
prayer or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil his guests call
her or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
No. Easily read that position or the easily brought gas group.
No. No. Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QAM.
I'm dying out of here.
So you're back. Tonight on on PC it's physical illness is
our buddy. Everyone knows it's impolite to laugh but it's just so darn hard not to
especially with people like Locked Yacht Sally. She's what the hell was she doing last night?
I don't know but find the guy sporting the biggest smile I bet you he could tell us.
I heard that. And who can resist chocolate at a craft bag fall?
Yeah Mr. Hip bag full of two healthy old colostomy bag hanging these days anyway.
Oh you guys.
So critical illnesses are funny or at least we think so tonight on on PC.
Okay let's do all requests today huh?
No seriously I came back a day too soon last Thursday and then I was out again
Friday and I come back too soon today. But you know why I came back because I got a little
head cold and that's all I got. Not like I'm sick not like I'm dying over here.
I just have a little head cold but it's settled in my throat and I can't talk.
And I'm not one of those people who likes to you know that although actually when you come right
down to it coming in today and maybe I'll like really screw up my throat again like I did last
Thursday and let's see Tuesday Wednesday. I could probably like be out for about a week and a
half for the Memorial Day holiday sounds good to me.
So I noticed George I listened to some of George's show on Friday.
George sounded very very good sounded excellent. In fact you notice he practice makes perfect.
He sounds like he really belongs on the air now but don't get too carried away.
And the only reason he did it was because Robert Grieper was running a board on the Friday for George
and Robert of course is a confused little Jew.
And so no see if it would have been Joe Castello George would have talked about feet for four hours.
But because it was Robert he talked about Jews for four hours.
I mean I didn't hear the whole four hours but it was George baits the Jews and did a great job by the way.
We had old Jews who pretend they don't listen to the show. I know you're listening right now.
You out the cockers. I know you're listening right now.
Cox a hoist a whole bunchy okay.
He had old Jews calling in. That was great.
Because he talked bad about Israel and they should give the land back.
And last time at 60 minutes they had a thing with a goddamn Seneca Indians up in the Central New York.
All they want is about 250,000 acres back.
And that's 200 years ago.
And like I told George before the show started this more I said if they would play their cards right.
If the Israelis would let the Palestinians have gambling then we could straighten the whole goddamn thing up.
That's right. School that goddamn strip of desert.
In fact take the strip of desert. Call it the Israeli strip and open casinos on it.
God damn it.
And let the Palestinians have their share.
You know, like the Kuala Yoni family they had to let what's his name in from the West Coast.
And then of course they didn't let so lots of them in there and they had all kinds of problems from that.
Let the goddamn Palestinians in there.
Or I can't talk a lick.
I can lick but I can't talk.
I'm not going to say anything.
Speaking of Jews by the way.
So I'm just going to play a lot of stuff today.
Thanks Tracy was a Tracy they got me the SCD for my millennium CD the Backstreet Boys.
Better late than never.
It's got it in the mail here today and it's great and they're kicking ass.
They're like the single by the way is number one in almost every country in the world right now even though George was full of crap about that.
But when it comes to crazy Jews,
all for Orthodox Jews, Pelt others at wall.
Do you see this? No it does.
Jerusalem.
Oi!
Angry that men and women were praying together.
Altar Orthodox Jews, Pelt and other Jews,
with plastered water bottles on Friday at the West End wall.
Judaism's holiest site.
Four people arrested in the attack.
Police spokesman Linda Menuwen said she must be related to duty.
One woman was slightly injured after being struck and it had by a bottle.
Ooooo!
Menuwen said the group attack will reform Jews.
But reformed Jewish leader by a year in red gabs so they were conservative Jews.
Conservative leaders were not available for comment on Friday.
Altar Orthodox Jews, Pelt other Jews at the wall.
Just like they killed Yitzhak Rabin and just like they threw a bricks at each other in Brooklyn if they're not firm enough,
if they're not wearing the right outfit.
Then I draw a red dress on that day.
We're talking crazy people.
But just to show that it like, you know, evens out,
wait till you hear this.
Discreted bishop returns to ministry.
This is the bishop's Simon's from West Palm.
Remember, that's not that long ago.
Oh yeah.
Because let's face it.
People sat in the church.
Right.
He admitted abusing five boys 35 years ago.
Why do you know the passage of time?
He's okay now.
See our right now.
J. Keith Simon's who last year resigned in disgrace as Bishop of Palm Beach has returned to the ministry.
Simon's who admitted sexually abusing five boys when he was a young priest 35 years ago on Wednesday led a day long program of prayer and master
on meditation at the St. Francis retreat center in the Whit Michigan.
Simon's led a program honoring the Virgin Mary at the request of Bishop Carl Mengala,
Omingling, pretty close.
Head of the diocese of Lansing, Michigan, the Palm Beach Post reported in Friday's editions.
Simon's 66 resigned last June after nearly eight years is more than a leader of more than 220,000 Roman Catholics in the five county diocese of Palm Beach.
Church officials at the time said only that the discreet bishop was sent to an undisclosed treatment center.
There we go, another one of those undisclosed treatment centers.
Now he's apparently near to Whit a small town just outside Lansing, Michigan's capital.
He checks in every once in a while, said Richard Savage, business manager at the spiritual center, business manager.
He's not affiliated with the center.
Our bishop asked him to fill in on a Marian day of prayer.
What is that? A Marian day?
A-A-R-I-A-N? What is that?
You don't know? Never met her.
Good Catholic like you doesn't know Marian?
I had an aunt named Marian by the way she was a glut and she's dead.
Mangling was out of town. His chancellor did not return calls and she was very nice though.
And Simon did not respond to requests from an interview.
What was some nice going?
Bishop Anthony O'Connell, the current bishop of Palm Beach, said he didn't know that Simon was acting as a retreat leader.
I'd be happy for him if those who've been working with him judged that he's up to what O'Connell said, he'd have a lot to offer.
I can only wish him well and offer my support, but others disagree.
Stephen Brady, president of the Roman Catholic Faithful, a small conservative group based in Springfield, Illinois,
alerted a Palm Beach member of the group after learning that Simon's led the Michigan retreat.
Simon's is a human being, Brady, said he deserves our forgiveness, but that being said to give him a position as a retreat leader as I think of this grace,
it's an insult to the poor people he abused.
So what do you think about that? It was 35 years ago. Isn't that long enough?
35 years ago. He used to abuse a few kids.
And we're positive that he's not abusing, uh-huh? Are we positive? He's not abusing any more kids now?
No. Are we absolutely 100% positively sure?
No. We all know sex criminals get better, right?
We all know that pedophiles go to jail unless, of course, they happen to be in the church.
Why is that?
Why is that? Why is it that if there's a child molester out there?
Number one, they go to jail, and number two, they're listed as a sex offender,
and no matter where they move, everybody puts up big billboards and flashing signs and neon lights and like arrows.
Here's a sex, here's a pervert right here, a pedophile, a child molester, your kids aren't safe with this asshole in the hood.
But if it's some freak from the church, it's hush-hush. It would be good for me. I could make the announcement because I can't speak real loud.
There's a pedophile in here named Rod. It's a priest.
Yeah, I could like whisper it.
But don't start up again because they get real upset about that stuff. Don't start up for these goyms.
Nine minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQAM, why are you just trying to get even for Friday when George was picking on a Jews?
Of course, the fact that they're all crazy.
You know what other words?
I'm never going to make it today. I'm telling you, what did I come in here for? Am I out of my mind or what?
Like I'm going to talk? I feel fine. Not great, but okay.
Oh, wait till I tell you about Sam Duque, by the way. Who he's good buddies with.
Is that embarrassing or what? God.
He's been through the keyhole watching Mom and Dad.
All right.
He's been through the keyhole the most we ever had.
Mom and Dad were playing heads right there on the bed.
Rami, Sir Bobby, as a power poor daddy's head.
Mommy's head went thawed and she almost got whipped-washed.
I don't know what she went drink, but you got a note mustache.
He's been through the keyhole and she'll want to see what I'll sure do like him on a page.
He's been on TV.
Mom and Dad were hooked together. What night went in one?
What night my source, something like that? Mom went to yell at us a source.
Dad was breathing heavy. Mom was on her knees.
He must have had a poo-poo cause she kissed him where he pee.
He's been through the keyhole watching Mom and Dad.
He's been through the keyhole the most we ever had.
But we watched those little wongers and I started to get sick.
If Daddy's name is Halberth, why Mom asked for Gitch?
Daddy's grown and his eyes rolled back. Mommy wanted more.
She's going back on top of him, but all he did was you're.
He's been through the keyhole. Has a minute had.
I can't wait to drive his down on some girl in my class.
That's the thing that 560 WDQAM.
So anybody sees Star Wars?
Uh-huh.
You know, seriously, anybody that stood in line.
stood in line to see this piece of crap, especially after hearing all the reviews of what a piece of garbage it was.
Anybody that stood in line to see it? He's an asshole.
Exactly.
And even George, in fact George was having a fist fight with Joe Castello when he was this morning about this movie.
A verbal, uh, just a psychotic screaming match.
And then finally he got so he did the George took his shoes and socks off and just like, you know, they held the wolf vein doctor on a professor about
helping him to help the wolf vein up in front of Dracula.
George stuck his barefoot in front of Joe Castello's face and he opened the door ran out.
Just ran out the door screaming.
Speaking of Joe Castello, I broke the bad news.
Although I guess he already knew.
He doesn't care that Jeff Gordon is a member of the God Squad.
He's a God fanatic doing PSAs on television for, uh, you know, like Reggie White.
He blamed his wife.
He blamed his wife for what?
Joe said it's all broken.
You mean like Rick Riley?
You put a blood patch in?
Guys that, uh, all of a sudden get hooked on some broad.
Oh, I shouldn't say that about Rick's wife.
Get hooked on some bitch.
And then they all of a sudden see the light?
Oh, yeah! I saw the light. God, it was good.
Yeah, like Rick Riley.
He couldn't have given a flying crap less about any of that than all of a sudden him at his cheerleading wife.
And he became a religious nut.
Found Jesus on his front lawn with Bokobryon.
And then there was bloody blood paction.
Found God in some strip show somewhere.
That's where it works.
And Jeff Gordon, all of a sudden, I mean, he was just an ordinary redneck.
You know, driving his race car around.
You know, rounding around.
And he met this bitch and, uh, she turned him on to God.
She turned him on to the Lord.
So are we going to get some calls today or not?
Because if not, I'm just going to play the rack.
I know it's Monday.
Who's that standing in the doorway?
There would be a door partially opened.
I sure hope it's not one of our sales holes.
No, that's your best friend.
Which one?
Sam?
Sam?
Oh, a Sam that consorts with Jordan Knight?
You know something if it were I.
If it were yours truly, I would be embarrassed to admit that I even know Jordan Knight.
Much less haven't mentioned me in the credits on his album.
See, I wondered why they brought this over here last week.
Why would anybody in this right mind bring me the Jordan Knight album from the old Yiddes on the block?
I mean, this kid couldn't sing his way out of a paper sack.
If you stuck a gun up and...
Pryctum.
... couldn't sing.
Pathetic.
And also looks bad to top it all off.
Look, burned out, washed out.
He looks like Andrew Kuhnann and all of not as much the same.
In fact, you ever see the three of them together?
No!
There you go.
I read my case.
I would be surprised if it was Jordan Knight in that houseboat, not the Andrew Kuhnann.
But anyway, Jordan Knight, who was a member of New Kids on the block, he comes out with an album now.
And one of the songs is a hit.
I don't ask me how.
It's a hit!
So if somebody looking very carefully on the liner notes inside the SCD,
he thinks about 50,000 people are including God.
He ought to be on his knees thinking God that anybody would buy his crap.
And he thinks, Sam Duque for going beyond the duties of a friend and picking the single, what time is it?
What does that mean?
That's not the name of the single.
It just says, what time is it?
Must be a code.
Yeah, must be...
You know those guys, they speak in code.
Those guys who hang around on South Beach together, like Sam and Jordan Knight, and Enrique,
with his very small penis, although I do like Enrique.
Enrique's got some talent, which is more than I could say for Jordan Knight.
What?
Jordan gave Sam a Rolex, apparently, for a present.
He gave you a Rolex?
Well Sam, when out one day, he got two blow jobs in.
By Jordan?
Yeah.
Oh!
You don't need to look.
Look at that. He wants to run out the door. He's just too embarrassed to do it.
So what's the story with Jordan Knight?
He also got a small penis. Oh, he just ran away.
We do like Enrique though, Enrique's, he's okay in my book.
At least he looks good. You know? Maybe he's not the greatest singer in the world.
But at least he looks good.
Are you sure it seems better than Ricky Martin?
They had 8,000 screaming women.
8,000 screaming young women to see Ricky Martin over the hell I was last week.
I guess when I was out one day.
This man couldn't, again, if you stuck a goddamn sub-bomb,
a machine gun and his back, he couldn't sing the Savior's life.
And he's the hottest goddamn thing on a planet.
Like I keep trying to tell you people out there, forget about talent. It's hype.
Everything is hype. The whole world is about hype.
If you could have 5,000 pounds of dog crap and if you could package it right
and get the right people to give the right hype to it, you could make millions.
And that's a goddamn truth.
Like Star Wars.
How much did it take in?
Didn't break your ad-Juday at Park.
The record from the first weekend, which did 72.1.
And you notice everything now in terms of movies is measured in box office gross.
That everything in America now is measured how much money did it bring in?
Not was it good, but how much, how many suckers ran and spent their money to subsidize it?
61.8 million for the Star Wars Phantom Menace.
It's a menace, alright. It's a menace to society.
And the fact that George Lucas is going to come out with two or three more of these pieces of crap is a real menace.
But I guarantee there will be people who will call into the day. You mark my words, who will say they liked it.
You want, just like Joe Coyote's wrote up.
They already called in, did you get calls in the night before I was ripping it?
Yeah. And people said, you're full of crap?
Yeah.
Which very often you are.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
I got two calls in here. I got Lurangitis. And this, this, this, this, this asshole is gone.
Thank you so much. Okay. For hanging on. You jackass you.
I'm going to play the whole backstead voice album is what I'm going to do. I'm going to play the whole Millennium for four hours.
You just do the spots. That's all we care about is the spots. And we don't care that much about the spots.
Because I notice now that they're down on the second floor.
Our sales holes while they're building a new, new, whatever they're doing. I don't know what's going on here.
But they have totally abandoned us. I mean copy the accounts.
Forget it. They're not interested.
And guys like that, the Todd Dreck. He's more interested in having his boyfriend called in the show and making comments about him than servicing his accounts.
You can just smell that colleague in account going right down the crap, which is a shame.
But this is this guy doesn't want to service the account. He's more interested in running around the hall.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know, like a loud mouthed you stirring up crap.
And have it his buddies called an auto pick on Todd Dreck. He in the Peter Leonard or great. Yeah.
He thinks that's Peter Leonard that's making those calls. How do you know that? He said so.
Oh, he actually spoke to you. He actually saw you. Are you kidding? I can't keep him out of here.
Not in. He's never here when I'm here. Not that I'm looking to see him. But it would be nice to get some copy. Get that problem straightened out there before we blow that great account.
And before we blow all that nice free water, we got there outside in the hall.
What in God's name am I doing here? You know, man, don't feel that bad. But it's all in my throat.
And the cold too. Here's a mobile in candle. Is there anybody there? Hello?
I'll be gone. Okay. Okay. Good. Welcome back. Hey, listen, let me tell you.
So you're back. Yeah. Something that happened to me last week. I got to be.
Yeah. Like we story. Come up with another story. Okay. Holy.
Yeah. Your buddies, your people.
Miss Fritz, put them back on the island. Okay. Use them as targets. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hey, new young. Good morning. Hope to feel a little bit better. I don't feel too bad. I just got to my throat.
You sound a little bit crud. Listen, if I hear Lavika look a one more 10, you can my my my my kid's mom bought my eight and 10 year old at the CD this week.
And they brought over to my house this weekend. You mean your ex-wife? Yeah, my ex-wife. Congratulations. Yeah. Thank you.
If I didn't hear that song, 300 times this weekend, I didn't hear it once. And I'm ready to drop it accidentally.
I mean, it's got he cannot sing. You know, I mean, he looks good. I'll grant him that for a year. Yeah, it looks good.
For whatever he is now. Yeah. Anyway. So listen, one more thing real quick before I get out of the car.
I got a little trickle this morning of my asshole Cuban brothers blocking traffic and all that BS.
Tell you what, Mr. Julio's out there. I got to buy coins and I got to go to the port of Miami this afternoon.
If there is a blockade there, I don't believe in guns. But guess what? I'm going to come on and buy one of these two stacks. Thank you, Neil.
Okay. God bless you, sir. I don't know what that's all about. I guess I'm out of touch on that. But there's still enough more crap.
You're people's throwing out the verge again. They're threatening to one or disrupt. Why?
Over this guy's boat getting confiscated. The guy that's doing the hunger strike down at the courthouse because the boat got conned.
Let me ask you this. Who gives a crap? Who cares? Nobody except the people that are going to be late for work if this crap goes on because they keep disrupting the city.
They don't change, but they have no consideration for anybody else. No. They're just here to disrupt and to keep trying to pedal their agenda.
I keep trying to tell you guys we don't care. Don't you understand? We don't care about Castro. We don't care about that crappy little island down there. We don't give a flying crap. Don't you understand?
No. Don't you get it?
What's up, man? The machine is rebelling. It won't play.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Seriously, if there's anybody in the audience that really thinks that's a good song, we'll come to your home right now and we'll bring Dr. Jack.
We'll get a work release for Dr. Jack and we'll put it put you out of your misery. God. Okay, that's our poll question today, which is more embarrassing?
Star Wars or Ricky Martin? That's a tough one. That's nip and tuck. Speaking of guns, by the way, let me recommend again a book I mentioned last week, which probably were paying the attention, but now that has been all the fewer after the thing in Congress, Georgia.
What's the Virgin Mary left?
The name of the book you want to read is Making a Killing the Business of Guns in America by Tom Diaz, making a killing, which I'm going to read a couple of paragraphs here in a few minutes if I can get my voice back.
All the gun huggers out there, they get real upset. Oh, gee, you don't understand this is just the beginning.
That role government's coming in any day and they're going to take all our guns away.
Gun huggers, trigger squeezers, maniacs, lunatics, cowboys, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
See, we get a few calls here today, which I doubt because it's Monday. They don't care. I mean, the fact I got learned right this and I can barely speak. They don't give a crap.
You think right now, I mean, would all talk about Star Wars, every line in the board would be lit up with people either ripping it or defending it.
Is every line in the board lit up? No, we have like any kind of response here to speak up. No, no.
And you wonder why you're sick. I think it's psychological. 1026 and 560 WQN.
Oh, you're back. Yes, I am.
Oh, I'm breathing the back so he's there for a while. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
She rose out no window and cracked her smile. No, no, no, no.
No, no, no. Can you believe me? Oh, I'm shining some moon.
Shining the moon.
Welcome. Can you believe me? Oh, for shining the moon.
Get the moon.
You've got a way over, sure. I'll tell you. 1032 and 560 WQM. God, if I could only talk. You know what? I got so much stuff to do here today. I can't speak.
Maybe God is punishing me. You think so? I think so.
I'll get back to the book in a second. I don't let me forget about this. This is also anyway. I'm channel surfing.
I see so many grotesque things when I'm channel surfing.
Well, I guess today I came across one of DFO's 85 TV shows from the Micah Sookie Indians or whatever it is.
One of his 2000 sports shows he's got on there to try to eke out a living.
And this man is getting so gigantic that he like took up. He could number one barely fit in the chair.
I noticed and number two took up my whole screen. And I got a 62 inch job and a screen too.
Gigantic. And also I'm channel surfing and I'm coming across one of those entertainment, you know, one of those puffed-p shows.
And here they're interviewing that Dike Ellen DeGeneres.
And since he's been so much in the news because of his big concert times with Rosie, she's talking about Tom Selik.
And she's saying, wait until you hear this line. She's saying, when you know for so long everybody's been saying, when is Ellen, when is Ellen DeGeneres in Tom Selik?
I'm not going to make a movie together.
Yeah, yeah. Doesn't that make sense to you?
No.
I mean everybody in Hollywood's been asking, when is Ellen DeGeneres? Find it going to make a movie with Tom Selik and guess what we did.
Are you following that?
No.
Does it make any sense at all?
No.
And I thought to myself, yeah.
Oh yeah. Sure. Whatever you say, bitch.
I mean, everywhere I go, all my travels, all over the world, I stop it.
Airports people come up to me. They don't even know who I am.
They say, when is Ellen DeGeneres making a movie with Tom Selik?
And she said it with a straight puff. That's the best part. Like she was serious.
And like I said only minutes ago, you can pedal any pile of smelly horse manure to the public in this country.
It's unbelievable.
Like Ricky Martin.
And Star Wars.
Here's a lady model in West Tom. Hello.
Hey, Janie, answer to your poll question.
Yes.
Do you know the above?
But did you touch any of Bob and Tom this morning?
No.
They were talking about a woman giving birth to a baby on a train in the bathroom.
Yeah.
And he went down the shoe and out onto the tracks.
Yeah.
And it was okay.
It just had a little scratch on him.
They didn't say where it was. They didn't catch the whole story, but maybe somebody else heard it.
It was bizarre.
Yeah.
Must have been a slow-moving train, no doubt.
I guess.
It must have been a real small baby, too.
I don't know.
Did you ever see the size of an opening in the train?
Not since I was a little kid with a train where I had a good day off at that.
You can barely get up.
Decent size turred down that thing.
Yeah.
How did they see lift?
I don't know. Maybe it was just a joke. I just caught the tail end of it.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Now they wouldn't joke around.
No.
Okay.
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
Of course, the right to life people, they don't care about that because it was already out of the mother's womb.
Now, if a little bit of fetus that somehow worked its way down at a turl of thing, huh?
Then they'd be psychotic.
They'd be having parties to celebrate the fact that it's still alive.
56670560.
This is my last attempt.
Okay.
I'm going to put all my stuff away.
I just played the rack.
Play the backseat boys on them.
Because these people, I know it's Monday, but this is over and above the usual call of duty today.
Talk about not coming to your aid when you can't speak, but they never have.
I've been on the year here for 175 years, and every time I either have lower angitis or I feel like crap,
it's just like this.
Because your a bunch of bastards basically is what it's all about.
You have no compassion.
You have no feeling.
You have no nothing.
You're a bunch of sadistic goddamn bastards.
You're not fooling me.
And of course, I'll take the money.
56670560.
0.560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Good, sir.
How you doing today?
I'm doing great.
Well, how about the hockey game yesterday?
Yeah, it was pretty entertaining.
Yeah, a lot of scores.
Well, when Curtis Joseph gives up five goals and two or three of Marguisee, then you're not going to win the game.
Yeah, I see that.
When the second stringer, when Dwayne Rollison comes in and out plays Curtis Joseph, then you're going to lose the game.
That's bad.
And I'll be honest with you, even though the Leafs lost the first game in the Philly series and the Pittsburgh series,
I don't think that's going to happen again.
I mean, I'm hoping for the best, but I think Buffalo is, I think they're going to win the series.
Yeah, I do, too.
I think you're a little better team, but I thought...
When I had the experience last year, they got to the final four, and the Leafs have got that poor defense.
And now if Koo-Jo goes in with Slump, I think it could be a fast series.
Right.
Okay, Neil, can I say one more thing?
Yes, sir, please.
Danny Arnall, time you want.
Say it slowly.
Say it now. Say it again.
Danny Arnall, the Fag.
Okay, whatever that is.
Well, whoever, whatever, and whoever that is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, I got one call on the board here.
One call.
I can barely squeak out a note.
And you people sit out there and don't tell me you're busy.
Okay, this town is dead as a door nail.
This town, you could rule bowling balls up and down the highways in this town right now.
That's how exciting it is here.
It's the 24th of frickin' May.
Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello.
Mobile in Boca.
Yes.
Like he said, like crap.
And nobody said.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, no calls.
Okay, let's do the break.
And I'll play the rack.
I'm not going to fight it.
They got absolutely no material.
They got nothing to say about Star Wars, nothing about Ricky Martin, nothing about kids shooting each other, nothing about guns, nothing about anything.
Nothing about that preschool back to work.
Just they move into Lansing, Michigan, so we can molest some more kids up there.
Nothing about anything.
You know, I wake up in the morning.
I look out the window and I say to myself, can I possibly be here?
Is this really where I am?
23 years ago, I said the first week that I was on here.
I said that South Florida was an outdoor funeral power.
Little did I realize how much truth I had spoken in just those few words.
A place not for living people, a place for the walking dead.
That's this town.
But thanks so much for coming to my aid this morning and helping me out.
And a same goes for our sales department too, by the way.
You're doing a spectacular job.
Not that I care anymore, thanks to Guilty.
I got religion from Guilty in the Tea Room here a few days ago, a couple weeks ago.
Thank God that I did.
Hold the attitude about this place.
I don't care.
Our management doesn't care.
Our sales department sure is hell doesn't care.
And anybody seen Ray Perilately, by the way?
No.
Another bullcrap artist of the worst kind.
They talk a good game, but they just don't care.
Anyway, everywhere you look right now,
somebody is peddling beepers because that's where it's at.
How the hell can anybody walk around without a beeper on their thing these days, right?
It's a day in Miami, town.
As five six, oh, WQA.
Yo, I'm a neighborhood, you're a neighborhood, you're a neighborhood, you're a neighborhood, we are all in the neighborhood.
We are all neighborhood, we are all neighborhood, we are all neighborhood, we are all neighborhood.
That's our word, our greeting, friends like all black people do, but why do you want to say it to so they can sound real cool?
We are all neighborhood, we are all neighborhood, we are all neighborhood, we are all neighborhood.
Now the big gets happy to find another word to use.
It used to be real bad, but now it seems okay, when African and Americans are dressed themselves that way.
I'm a neighborhood, everybody's interested where you're wearing our big or booze,
no longer the vernacular for racial abuse.
It used to be taboo, not anything to say, but now it's banned at all about by black folks every day.
Yo.
I'm a neighborhood, you're a neighborhood.
I'm a neighborhood, you're a neighborhood, we are all neighborhood, we are all neighborhood.
That's where we are all neighborhood.
Yes.
I sure sing then watching things on air!
You're always bajaito.
If meaning does it matter,
no matter how much everyone knows,
I'll suck sort of without you?
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, check it out.
I be grandmaster's book.
I be switching my things, playing with my wretched.
I be twisting it.
I got a reason.
South-Ain'tish, dude.
So I didn't like that Sam GKR.
He's got a Rolex watch bought for him by Jordan Knight.
Honeyline, he's got a big office over there.
It's only temporary for about 10 or 20 years
to let me get into a production studio.
Does anybody believe that?
Don't start that again.
Duff got his particle board desk just relaxed.
Don't start a big deal because Sam is part of the inner circle
and you're not.
OK, mister?
Just mind your own business.
He's part of the inner circle.
Oh, you had a great line by the way on Friday.
What was that line?
You came up about this show as a gigantic hirvigment.
I'm the pivot man of the city wide circle jerk.
Yeah.
Yeah, but I'm pretty picky.
I'm not going to reach out and touch everybody.
Well, you don't know what they look like on the phone.
Yeah, that's the problem.
But in the building, you know what they look like.
I don't want to start on that again.
Do I?
Do I want to start on?
Yeah.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Oakland Park.
OK.
Speak to me, sir.
Speak up.
I'm speaking to you.
I'm Brandon to the South Florida area just
on listening to your show.
Enjoy it.
Even enjoyed George's show last week.
Yeah.
Got a quick question for you.
I'm even enjoyed.
You say that like, you know, kind of almost like a putter.
I listened to it a couple of weeks ago when I actually
had to turn on and off because I got kind of bored with it.
As you mentioned, he's getting better.
He's really getting better.
Well, if he keep attacking the old Jews,
he might hit on something, you know?
I hear the question for the educational one.
22 years old, recent college graduate
actually aspiring for career down the road and TV
radios.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
My question is never heard of it.
Forget about it.
Listen to this.
Never heard of it before I came to South Florida.
I'm from the Detroit area.
Yes.
I'm curious.
Give me a little background about the way you found my.
I'm not going to go through that.
You know, you talk about boring Jesus.
I'm not going to give you my life story.
Now, Aztec Purtin, he's a big fan of mine.
You know I have any other calls.
Come on.
I got other calls on there.
I'm not going to give you my life story.
Hey, I'll just curious.
OK.
Well, go to the university.
Go on.
You have to go.
You have to go.
Go to the school.
OK.
Cut the crap.
By the way, somebody facts me this.
It's a picture of Jeff Gordon.
Why bet you Joe Castello get emotional when he sees this?
How about you?
His fetal started twitch.
Special brickyard edition of some stupid racing magazine.
And here's a here's a picture of Jeff Gordon.
Well, he's a real dumpy looking guy.
You know what I mean?
He's not good looking.
He's not bad looking.
He's just dumpy looking.
You follow what I'm saying?
Don't be looking.
And Jeff Gordon is saying it's amazing the attitude when Christ is in your life.
You just have a whole new attitude about life because you know that there's a far better
place.
Isn't that nice?
That's what I'm saying.
Huh?
Don't you when you're looking for like spiritual or like some kind of guidance in your life turn
to some grumpy looking race car driver or some illiterate big spartes of football player
like Reggie White.
Don't you look toward them?
No.
For some goddamn spiritual advice, advice.
All these God people man, they keep peddling all this bull crap.
Just never stops.
And by the way Michael Landon, what a piece of crap.
Peter went out to bed.
I didn't catch that last night because it's desperate.
I mean now that hockey season we've wound down to like the one game of night in the semi finals here.
And is there anybody watching baseball?
No.
Oh my God, forget it.
Oh no, forget we got Hank from my show was today at two.
Jim Mad Dog, man, it's 6 to 7 30 and then 7 30.
It's the Marlins have the Cubs.
Any uh...
No.
No.
For they bad.
They're pathetic.
So it's so desperate now you just keep twisting that thing and fiddling around a channel
surfing like a maniac.
So the best I could do with that damn Michael Landon movie on the CBS last night.
Like I said, what a piece of crap he was.
Really so they made him out to be.
And then the first thing George says is more like, oh Jewish.
You are such a virulent anti-Semite man.
I heard all the protestations.
Oh yeah, some of my best friends are Jewish.
My crazy accountant is Jewish.
Oh God.
And he wasn't even really Jewish Michael Landon.
He was like a part of him was Jewish.
I think it was in...
And then they got John Snyder on there.
Boy did he used to really look good huh?
But that's 100 years ago he looked good.
The aging John Snyder playing Michael Landon.
That was terrible.
Why do we have to know that by the way?
Why does it important for us to know that what was his name on the show?
Little Joe.
Was that it?
I'm an answer.
Why do we need to know that?
That he was an asshole.
Other than the fact that his kid wants to sell a book and sold the rights for this movie last night.
And needs to make some money now.
Other than that, is there any...
Why do we have to know too much about celebrities?
I think usually the less we know the better off we are.
Because most of them are neurotic and are like pill pushers and drug addicts.
They're just crazy.
Why do we need to know that?
Why do we need to know that John Crawford made for an entertaining movie?
But why do we need to know that John Crawford was a psychotic bitch?
Was there anything to be gained by that?
Why did we need to know that Eleanor Roosevelt was such a goddamn bull bike?
Was that already apparent to anybody that had at least one eye?
Huh?
Well, we can't have any heroes anymore.
FDR.
Why did we need to know that he was a womanizer?
I guess, though, you know, all her kind of wheelchair.
That's pretty good.
Huh?
You got to admire that.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Is anybody talking about that pro-russle that was killed last night on live television?
Yeah, I read about it this morning.
They had a little problem there.
He fell.
They were going to lower him down on the end of the day.
Yeah, they fell.
They fell.
They fell.
They fell.
They fell.
They fell.
They fell.
They fell.
They fell.
They fell.
They fell.
They fell.
They fell.
I can't show you that part of the debut.
Damn it.
Hand to the crowd.
If I was standing up as Silence, and one of the announcer was there talking about, this wasn't
part of the storyline.
And this is not a gimmick that, you know, sometimes when you do live television, things
happen.
And, you know, he pretty much, you know, summed up what happened in the ring.
And I read in a paper today when he came down.
He hit like one of the cornered term buckles with his foot.
Oh, Jesus.
God.
And, yeah.
Man.
The crowd, I first thought it was part of the group.
I hope Stanley C. Panther was watching that there last night and that he learns a lesson
from me, you know.
Yeah, and that was pretty awful.
I mean, he was only 33 years old and, you know, it's just a waste of a life right there.
I guess he'll never be governor now.
No, no, no, no.
That's my man, by the way, Jesse.
Yeah.
That's the man.
I say, Jesse, the body for president.
Yeah.
Well, it was something to watch.
I kind of, you know, after seeing that, I didn't feel like watching the wrestling anymore.
Good.
Good.
I've done a lot of work to go to for you.
I'm a wrestling fan, but I mean, I didn't really want to watch that.
That made a career for a while.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Yeah, I read that this morning.
I'm glad he reminded me of it because we have a clip of the guy explaining it, the older manager,
whatever promoter.
We have what?
A clip.
I don't want that.
I mean, Donnie B. just came in there to tell you that.
I don't want that.
I mean, I appreciate the offer.
I don't want to look at gift horse in the amalther in the rectum.
But please.
I mean, if there's anything on that morning show that we want, that's not it.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
See, even though I've got the head cold and I've got the larynx jettis, it makes no difference.
Nothing suppresses me.
I'm just as perverted now as ever.
Just nothing ever stops.
I never slowed down.
Speaking of that morning show.
Here's Holly with, hello.
Yeah, that was a real tragedy about the wrestler.
But a bigger tragedy.
What do you think?
You know, I mean, people die every day.
It was an accident that people die.
That's show business.
But a greater tragedy.
Yeah.
People in the circus die.
How about the flying mollenders?
Didn't they have some people die?
Yes, it did.
I don't hear anybody talking about that.
Well, a greater tragedy was I went to church Sunday.
Please, my girlfriend.
Oh, yeah.
54 years.
Did it work?
It didn't work.
54 years.
No, I got rid of her.
54 years I haven't been to church and I regret going.
Yeah.
I don't know about church's elsewhere, but it was basically half-empty.
And the men...
What denomination was this?
A Roman Catholic.
Oh, well.
And people sagged in the church.
Yeah.
And they're bitching that the young people are not coming to church.
The enrollment is declining.
And I don't know.
Well, that's because most of the young people are in counseling now for having been abused
by the priest.
Well, that may be true.
But...
I have time to go to church.
And then I came home.
And I came home.
And I saw this movie, Nova, Deep Space.
Yeah.
And I realized why I'm an atheist.
I mean, my God.
One is a group of fairy tales.
You have to...
Sure, I want to tell you something.
Any human being that could believe the God-boolcraft that could believe these man-made
religions has got such a weak, feeble mind that all I can do is feel the greatest sympathy
for them and also for the rest of us because we have to suffer from their psychoses.
Why do we have to suffer from their psychosis?
Because they want it because, like Jeff Gordon, they want to keep laying it on us.
We keep saying, though, and they keep saying...
Yeah.
And then I had to...
I bought a Christian, born again, Bible, something Jesus-freaks, come to the door.
I think there was your hover witnesses.
Oh, yeah.
And they want to talk...
I got news for you.
There's a real easy care for those your hover witnesses.
I mean, just, you know, straight up in here, I'm not saying just...
I'm not saying we should anybody for the first time.
But if they come back...
I told them I'm an atheist.
I mean, look at me.
Like I never even knew what the word was.
Yeah.
More people told me these religious Bible thumpers that they're atheists.
Sure, I have news for most people in America are atheists, but they're in a closet.
They don't want to read it.
There is a one person in a thousand.
There is a one person in a million in this country that really believes in God, Bullcrab.
I really believe that.
I have a little...
I took a poll here a couple of weeks ago and most of the people lied through their teeth.
Oh, yeah.
There's a God.
There must be something, yeah.
Right.
I had a little sign I bought that said, atheists on board.
Yeah.
And I parked at the post office.
I'm handicapped.
Someone put a brick...
I'll see if there we go.
Do my window.
Yeah.
Because we're at the sign.
There was probably some very good devour religious person.
Probably.
I probably had a lot better to read.
It's on my car.
I think it was holy water.
Yeah.
Okay, well, good luck to you, Scott.
Have a nice day.
Don't do it again.
Bye.
Fight.
What do you say?
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
We're back on our religious crap again today and we're gonna say about that.
Good.
Good.
Oh yeah, God works in mysterious ways like a bunch of little infants.
A bunch of little emotional cripples waiting to hear about the after life like Jeff Gordon
saying, oh, there's got to be something better than this.
What's he complaining about?
He's a dumb red neck making millions of dollars for driving a stupid car round and round
in circles.
Couldn't get arrested in a panty raid and he's complaining.
What's his problem?
God, it'd be something better than this.
Yeah, there's got to be something.
You know, he may have a point because if there's a hell, I know that some of the people
from our sales department are going to wind up in it.
相信
not my
okay
Oh, the
I could see
Shut those butt beats up my ass!
You've met hard your in the help slide a minute!
It's easy or that weird!
What my ex-girls you do last!
So don't pull them out, please don't!
First you start out your way and speed up only by the last thing about your bomb!
There you go!
That's awesome!
Shut those butt beats up my ass!
Shut those butt beats up my ass!
But don't tell nobody something is funny and laugh behind my back!
Shut those butt beats up my ass!
Shut those butt beats up my ass!
It should be okay, no more!
What I ate ain't like greener gets me gassed!
Shut those butt beats up my ass!
Shut those butt beats up my ass!
Count all the blanking on them or we'll have to go on to the sadermenica again!
By the way, did I mention, uh, are we in Bernstein on a year yesterday?
Did I mention that?
No!
Oh!
Well, no, the reason I want to mention that is because I got the pressure, I mean, I got really squeezed by some big spartan lady in my bank about four or five weeks ago.
And begging me to meet with this guy who's like a financial planner or something who works for my bank?
I said, uh, well, okay!
Having no sales was it, I figured I'd make her happy.
And maybe she's, you know, got a set up appointment to keep her job or whatever.
I'm a nice guy, okay, I'll go along with you.
So I went in there and I had a meeting with this guy named Wayne Bernstein in my bank, which my bank treats me very well.
We love you, Matt, but, uh, what's with this guy?
And so he's asking me about my retirement, and do I have a financial planner, which I don't, and about my stocks, and my investments, and about my shoe size, and everything out of the sun.
And we have a discussion, and finally he says, okay, well, I'd like to have copies.
In fact, I even made copies and gave him the originals of all the statements from like, where I had my investments, you know?
And I took it over there like a couple of days after I met with him.
This was like three weeks ago.
If I heard a word since?
No!
No!
I mean, I don't understand that.
It was like an emergency, like, you know, oh my gosh, this guy wants to meet with you like right now, and he's going to like guide you through to financial success and retirement and something, you know?
Did I ever hear another single solitary word from this guy?
No!
No! Of course he's got the account numbers for all of my investments.
He's probably in Caracas now, with Sam's family.
So speaking of Sam Duque, this came in here to give me the whole story about Jordan Knight, and the new kids on the block, who got 20 million of peace by the way from Fat Papa, or Big Papa, whatever.
They got 20 million of peace.
Unlike the backdoor boys who were just, you know, having to start all over again because of that piece of crap.
What was his name?
I did.
Louis Perlman.
Louis Perlman, so you would say that because you know he's Jewish.
See, that's why you say that.
That's your auntie.
No, that's why you, you could have said, I don't know his name, Big Papa.
Big Papa could be anybody.
It could be a Buddhist. He could be a Goi.
He could be a, no, Louis Perlman.
Sounds real Jewish to me.
Here's Orlando. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you going to be on that extreme radio?
I have no idea what that is.
What is it?
Sir.
Are you speaking?
Neil.
Are you talking to me, sir?
Yeah, I said, are you going to be on that?
Hey, man, what did I say?
I said I have no idea.
Okay, well, have a nice day.
560-560-050560 on the ATI.
I think that was an extreme asshole from Orlando.
Here's a mobile pig report in Oakland Park.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
I just want to talk to Ron Harrison.
Get him off my phone.
Go ahead, sir.
Hey, that was not Ron Harrison.
No, he's not a hold there.
I got three calls and Ron Harrison is one of them and you're the other one.
Another one with a pig report.
I'm actually Wendy Bennett's cousin.
You gave tickets to Lesley at a Marlon's game.
I wanted to thank you for that.
We have a big pig report.
We have a...
Well, Wendy, you mean Wendy Bennett's from the coast?
Yes, you remember her.
Well, how come she had to come to me from Marlon's tickets?
Oh, no, she didn't.
I happened to call you last year while you were giving out tickets.
And I called not asking for tickets just to speak with you.
And it just so happens that it timed out correctly.
You gave it to Dickens.
Yeah.
And they were great seats by the way.
Good, I'm thankful.
You felt Ron Harrison goodbye.
Good luck to you, Ron.
Don't call me anymore.
I have your good guy, but I don't want to talk to you.
You're bored.
There is a Florida highway patrol in a grand...
I'm not gonna lose my voice again and talk to Ron Harrison.
What is it?
There is a cop in a green grand Cherokee.
Yeah.
Giving tickets right outside my open park in 1995.
Great.
Flashing lights in the whole bit.
Well, I'm probably getting ready for the big memorial holiday weekend, you know.
Yeah, but I've never seen anything perfect in a green Cherokee before.
So, I just wanted to touch base and say thank you for last year.
And hopefully I can catch you with some tickets later on down the road.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, I'm gonna give you my right shoes and tickets down the road.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That guy right there, he's what's wrong with this town.
Free loader.
Yeah, maybe I can catch you with some tickets again down the road.
That's why the cop is outside your office writing tickets, okay?
Because he knows you're big into tickets and he's waiting for your ass to come out of there, Mr.
Don't leave my good post-personal aporker frame just stay right there until this guy comes out for his lunch break.
Speaking of lunch, by the way.
Now I release...
Now how does that thing go?
Feed a cold star of a fever?
Huh?
It's starting both.
Feed Lurinjitis.
How does that old Zango, that old Axium,
went and doubt, pick out?
Isn't that how it goes?
And I'm getting like, you know, a sinus, man.
How come nobody's calling in here with anything to help my god, damn Lurinjitis?
And I don't...
Oh, I don't want to start in about my neighbor lady again.
And it brought me to three, but thanks again, sweetheart.
I'll see you in about four years.
She's very nice.
But boy, pah pah pah pah pah.
I mean, and then she drives a big maroon van.
And I figured which day it was, I guess, over the weekend or maybe it was Friday.
The day was so homesick.
And I noticed she had stopped like in front of the house, not in the drive, but like in front of the house.
And like John was going to go out somewhere wherever, and it was like you're a prisoner in the house.
You don't want to go outside.
Not that we don't like her, but that once she corners you, pah pah pah pah.
You know what I'm saying?
You know people like that?
And I got Lurinjitis.
I can't talk.
It's like my neighbor, Bernie.
I mean, he's a wonderful guy.
My crosses three neighbors are a great guy.
And I go out yesterday, I had it like whatever I had to do.
For like two seconds.
And I can't talk.
And I wave how you doing, you know, to be friendly.
But in the meantime, I'm thinking, please, please don't corner me.
Because he's also a great guy.
But pah pah pah.
I mean, once he corners you, you know what I'm saying?
Could talk up a store for her.
And I can't talk.
I have Lurinjitis.
Oh yeah, but what about that hockey game?
And like that, you know.
It's not that I don't want to be friendly.
I just can't talk.
Don't you understand?
No.
Don't you get it?
No.
I have Lurinjitis.
No.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Boy, talking about a guy that was desperate, looking for tickets for the Marlins.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, get some more tickets down the road.
Yeah.
Anyway, you know, I, I, I'm going to race there.
I've been here 50 years now.
And this area has changed so much.
Oh.
So much to be fired up and pissed off about.
I'm mostly pissed off.
Mostly.
And yeah, I'm making the, the move in two years.
It seems like where everybody else is going out.
I'm not going to be so sure about that.
So I'm going to be going out, left to probably Colorado.
But one thing I was going to be...
Yeah, I like to Denver.
Denver is good.
Well, I hear there's some good sales, a little thing.
But it's very nice.
There you go.
Yeah.
I've been there, very nice.
But anyway, the reason I caught up today was about, as nobody's mentioned it yet about this,
Cuban guy, it's on the starvation because they won't give him his boat back.
Yeah.
to help that's about and calling for the Cubans to do the civil disobedience with going
to the top of the low because he's pissed off right and five and going to the bank.
I actually had a nightmare about that last night. I got so angry over that because I can remember sitting in my living room
at Halndale Beach Boulevard 9.95 and watching the troops go down to Gulfstream
during that Cuban Missile Crisis and all the stress and pressure that was on his
own. The Cubans would like South Dakota real well. That's my personal feeling about that. I don't want to
like you have to put anybody out of their... South Dakota would be a real good.
In a very sparse population they can do whatever they want, they can have their own little banana
republic, they can go out in the mountains and shoot each other in the feed or shoot themselves in the
feed and just leave us alone already. We've endured 40 years of punishment and I think we deserve better now.
I couldn't agree with you more. It just really angered me. I need the audacity to call for people
to go do that civil disobedience. The entire town could this guy's pissed off a lot of guys.
I say give them back to boat, put them on a boat and send it back to the van.
You put it on automatic pilot. You never see the boats going back. That's for sure.
There's so much to be pissed off and fired up about here. I don't know what to say man.
I know Europe is tempting but I do like it out west so I think I'm going to try there first
and if that doesn't work out then I got my task force. Okay I'll see you in Vegas.
10 times 11 at 5. 60 here on a laryngitis hour. It's very frustrating to be not to be able to talk.
You get especially some of that. That's what they painted for us to talk and I can't talk.
Not that I feel that great. In fact I think tomorrow wins this.
Hey listen I'll tell you what if you're fired up and pissed off just light up a big stoke it'll make you feel better immediately.
A great cigar from our good friends and nicks cigars like the...
I really hope you use this on the year. I've been listening to QAM now for maybe 20 years at least.
I've been living here for 40 years. I've never superb anything as disgusting as this neurologist program.
I've heard him before. It's pornographic. And I thought of my granddaughter or one of my kids looking to his bizarre.
I was going to tell you frankly I am done listening to your station.
All right.
The group was gross things I have ever heard and as far as I'm concerned. You're off my books. Goodbye.
Willie are you still in the bathroom?
Yeah mom I'll be right out.
Little Willie Stamford just found something amazing and his life will never be the same.
God he sure is in there enough a lot. Are you all right in there Willie?
Almost finished.
Coming soon to theaters everywhere. It's...
Yes.
When I found my dad's porno.
Willie, where did all the clinics go? And what's this all over the floor?
Are you eating in here again?
From the press and awkward teens to the happiest guy in school,
Willie Stamford has found heaven in his father's hope chest.
Oh it's okay mom. You and that go out. I'll stay here and watch the house.
I don't mind.
When I found my dad's porno.
Rated PG-13. All kids aged 13 must see this film.
It's 11.16 at 5.60 WQM.
I think pepperoni and cheese pizza just a topping.
Yeah that would do for me. Maybe with some garlic on it.
Where are we going to get that?
It's too long to wait for ponytail.
You know? He's too far away.
You get from Tony's and then some soup if you want that also.
Now I don't want it soup because soup is too loose and then you know.
No because I told you this morning I feel like loose hot movements.
Well that's good.
It's very good to have that when you're getting rid of the accord or fluid.
Loosen hot.
Don't they have that like at the kernel or one of those places?
Hot and spicy? Something like that.
Then you need a mint and a mint.
5.670560.
Yeah. Kid Tony on the stick here.
Let's get a big pizza in here.
Okay. Let's get pizzas for everybody from a good friend Brad over with Tony's.
I mean ponytail is great but it just takes too long and we don't want to get him all steered up right at the beginning of the week.
Here's a lady mobile in the field.
Vee chill out.
Hello Neil.
Yes man.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
I just called to tell you that my husband and I are big fans of yours.
Uh huh.
And let you know that George Brennan didn't get his stay appealed in the state of New Jersey.
For all these guys that were him and Howard Parker.
And Jim Moral Jr.
And Jimmy Moral Jr.
They all got suspended?
Uh well the other two are suspended and they didn't uh they won't let him have they won't let Brennan have his stay appealed up there so.
Good.
You can just about kiss his ass.
Well put him all in jail that's what I say.
Yeah.
Neil I just other thing was I don't be don't get mad at me but I had just called to tell you.
You probably will.
I had to call and ask you if you watched the game yesterday.
Why would I get mad about that because it leaves lost the game?
Well I'm a saver.
Listen you guys played good.
They played great role.
And did a tremendous job.
He played better than Joseph.
And I think you guys are going to win a series.
I'm not going to be up to anybody.
For for a long time for for as long as Stewie's as Lawrence he's been there.
He finally showed up.
That's right.
And that was another bad goal that Joseph let in but you deserve to win the game.
The Leafs uh you know they played good though.
It was an exciting game.
It was the best game so far.
But I think I think the series is over.
I don't want to sound like a defeatist.
After they lost the first game to Philly I still thought they could win it and they did.
Lost the first game of the penguins I thought they could win it and they did.
But this series I think Buffalo is just they got too much going for them right now.
Well I think it's going to be over.
I'm just ecstatic that the Leafs got as far as they did.
I'm just real happy and if we win another couple of games I'll be ecstatic.
Well I have to tell you I'm glad to hear that because at least Toronto and Buffalo both
grew for each other no matter what happens.
Right at least the Leafs are on the right side of the border anyway.
Right okay.
All right Neil.
Good luck.
You have a great day.
I'll be back to you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line like I said before.
Leaf fans we don't cry.
We don't complain.
We just go out there and do the best we can.
We take the good.
We savor it.
We uh and that's it.
Instead of a bunch of crybabies like those fire fans and then the penguin fans.
Oh yeah I'm tired of all the crybabies.
Sick of it.
Plus it's just a game.
Here's the mobile and open park.
Hello.
Oh Neil.
Yes sir.
You got me now.
Sounds like you.
Hey.
Pardon?
I said it sounds just like you.
Yes it is.
This is but goes back a long ways.
And I want to give you some therapy for your throat.
Okay.
Put on young Neil.
No.
No.
I know you hate it.
No.
It's been all.
No.
Okay.
No chance.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Another guy with no material whatsoever.
He knows I can't stand it.
So that would be good therapy.
I'm already feeling lousy.
So put on something that I know you can't stand.
Sir, do you take pills to maintain that level of assowness?
Is that what you do sir?
Do you take pills to keep it up to that level?
To be such a jerk?
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
Yes, hello Neil.
Yes sir.
I have a letter here and I don't know if you had brought up on your problem before about
Tommy Hill figure.
Tommy Hill figure.
You know the...
Yeah I know.
It is the style.
It is dear editor.
I'm sure many of you watched the recent taping of the Oprah Winfrey show where it gets
with Tommy Hill figure.
Sir.
Yes.
That's a crank.
No, there's no such thing.
That's a fake thing that's been served.
That's a fake thing?
Yes.
It's unusual to hear you say that because...
No, no sir.
What a very very important meeting.
No, no sir.
Sure, will you listen to me?
Sure.
It's not unusual for me to say it because it happens to be a fact.
They've never met each other.
He was never on her show and it's just a phony thing that was circulated on of all places
the internet.
How interesting here you say that because...
Just like that.
I was very...
I was just crap on the internet.
I'm glad to hear that because I was very very despondent and didn't know if I should
believe this or not that I knew you would probably know about it.
You're into you sir.
It's a fake.
Thank you very much.
Thank God bless America.
Have a nice day.
Tommy Hilfiger, he wouldn't waste his time on that fat bitch issue anyway.
Would he?
No.
Anyway, getting back to that bitch Rosio Donald, isn't that something?
She's all of a sudden going to become a social commentator.
She's going to save us from the gun nuts.
Fat, dyke, disgusting bitch.
And as far as time's solid is concerned, I always thought, you know, isn't it about
time he made a movie with Ellen?
All my life I thought that, even before I ever heard of that dyke, Ellen DeGenereth.
I thought man, Tom Seller, he'd be great in the movie with her because I think they
have a lot in common.
We were just discussing it at the line to get into C-Star Wars.
Yeah.
Aren't you ecstatic that Ellen DeGenereth finally made a movie with Tom Seller?
I mean, it just makes all the sense in the world, doesn't it?
Yeah.
That like when I was a kid, we used to say, when is Buffalo Bob finally going to get
together and make a movie with Gabby Hayes, you know?
And they missed their chance.
They missed the opportunity they both did.
567-0560, pound 567 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to ask you something.
What gave Rosie O'Donnell the right to ambush Seller on a national television?
Nothing.
Totally unprofessional.
Totally uncalled for.
It's obvious she planned it in advance.
And at, you know, he should have got up and walked out if he had any balls, which he
doesn't.
It was just disgusting.
I mean, that's that pig.
Who would she ambush this guy?
I mean, so if you don't agree with Rosie O'Donnell, you're going to get ambushed basically.
First of all, he didn't come under to debate the NRA or the debate gun control.
They came under the plug and movie, which they do this all the time.
I mean, they use these shows.
And, you know, and then host of the shows, use the celebrity of the guest, the big name,
the drawn audience.
That's what it's all about.
One hand washes the other and instead all of a sudden she's a big social reformer now
and she's full of crap.
Neil.
She's a disgusting pig.
Neil.
Hello?
Yes, I'm Houston.
We should ambush that fat pig.
Yeah, okay.
5.670560, 0.560, 0.560.
One call left in the board here.
For a while there looked like we had a little bit of momentum going.
See, if I was smart, I started attacking the old Jews like George did.
Yeah.
All of a sudden all these old people I haven't heard from them for years would be calling
in.
What did Ron Harrison want, by the way?
He got a job.
Yeah.
Well, congratulations.
I'm glad to hear it.
He's a good guy.
He deserved to have a job.
Where did he get a job?
Did he tell you?
Did he tell you where he got a job?
Sir, George?
No, he did not.
Oh.
Oh, he probably was looking for a free plug.
Well, sorry about that, Ron.
Call off the year and tell George.
I'll give you a plug.
Here's a mobile in Tampa.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, what's up, everybody?
How you doing, sir?
I'll tell you one thing, man.
You are the best.
If I can't listen to you on the internet, I can't listen to it all.
I'm over here in Tampa with all these old folks.
Yeah.
I just can't take it.
I need you over here.
Is there anything we could do?
Do with what?
Just get you on the air over here.
No.
Please.
Let me say it again.
No.
You are the best, Neil.
Okay, thanks for the talk, Joe.
At least you only a little longer thing.
He didn't mention him yet.
Of course, if I were to give him another 20 seconds.
Oh, look at that.
The Dow is down 51 points.
The NASDAQ is down 48.
I'm getting second tired of the market going down while I'm waiting for Wayne Bernstein for my bank to call me up.
To tell me what to do with my money.
I mean, they got some nerve to put the big Bums rush.
Oh, you know, you've got this meeting and you've got to come over here and we want you to, yeah, okay.
And I want now what now make me some money.
Make me a malted.
Make me something.
Unbelievable.
That's so typical of this town, you know.
Go over there.
I drop off all this information on my buddy Matt's desk.
Here's the big envelope.
I'll call you.
I'll get right back to you.
And if anybody out here, anything ever happened?
No.
No.
And the market's going into crapper.
And then they're talking as why to kick crap again.
They're all getting everybody whipped up into a friend of you about that.
And they got some bitch on there.
What was that?
Well, that was 60 minutes.
Wasn't it last night?
That piece that Steve Croft did, which he should only croak for doing, by the way.
And that bitch is on there advising everybody not to take their life savings out,
but certainly to take a little bit extra out before we get to the new year.
And of course, you know what?
You know what that means when she says, take a little bit extra out.
The average person in this country is running around and doing our screaming.
I saw you calling.
Yeah.
So you just know by the end of this year, everything's going to be right in the old crapper.
Run Harrison.
Yeah.
It's 1,300 a.m. in Isle of Marotta during a morning show.
We don't know what they call it.
Good luck to you, Ron.
Good luck.
How come Henry Burrow never called to tell us about, you know, about the real story behind the story there
and why he retired Henry Burrow.
Oh, yeah.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM and other deadly Monday here in the magic city.
Is there any interest in the Star Wars movie today?
No.
Any interest in Ricky Martin?
No.
Any interest in anything?
No.
No.
How is this possible?
How could you have four million people in the same area?
And I'll be such a bunch of deadheads.
Fortunately, and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger.
In theaters now, it's the totally new Star Wars.
Yoda loses his virginity.
Oh, hard to be true.
You are one hot mama.
Oh, what's happening to me?
Oh, my.
Oh, oh, what's this?
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yoda gets Jiggy with R2D2.
Oh, R2D2.
Give it to me, baby.
Showing no in the theater to you.
What?
Okay, we sure had a lot of response about that today, right?
No.
No calls.
Not one call.
Not one, and you want it to work because they're embarrassed.
They're not going to argue.
And I didn't see it, say.
So you could call and say any kind of crap you wanted.
I wouldn't know.
Of course, George was sitting in the room and he would start getting real upset because he said it sucked.
But it was a real piece of dirt.
And every single review, every critic just ripped a crap out of it.
And then it gets the star, the trekkies and the Star Wars fanatics, the groupies, fighting each other outside these theaters, a coast to coast in America.
I mean, that should probably be the new American slogan, shouldn't it?
I have no life.
Yeah.
It seems to be an epidemic of it in this country.
I have no life.
Right.
I mean, keep some off the streets, I guess.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
How you doing?
Yes, sir.
Neil, I don't know if you'd discussed it yet this morning or I just wanted to have a chance to turn the radio on.
I listen to you every morning.
But I almost had to crack up about the wrestler to fell down.
Yeah, now why do you say almost had to crack up?
Was this funny?
You got killed?
Well, not so much that.
I think it's, you know, the reason that they're fake to begin with and people believe in all this stuff, you know, with the wrestlers and how they get wrapped up in this.
And then they have something like this happen where people actually thought it was part of an act.
And you know.
Well, Graham, glad you thought it was funny.
There's a guy thought it was funny.
This guy got killed.
567-0560.
He cracked up over it.
Ha-ha.
Yeah.
Guy falls 85 feet, hits his head on the corner of the ring, dies a wicked horrendous grotesque death.
The thing was never buckle on him in the first place.
He jumped a little premature evaluation on his part.
He's dead.
And this guy chuckles because people take stuff for real.
The other stuff.
Huh.
I guess that'll teach him.
567-0560.
On the AT&T wireless line, a typical Monday here in the tragic city.
Oh, this place could be paradise.
Get those casinos in here.
Get some living and breeding people.
Let's get the bus loads and bus loads of the dying old people out of here.
Let's send them to South Dakota.
Early bird dinners.
Free horse meat.
Here's Loxa Hatchy.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
Hope you had a good weekend.
No, it was great.
That's good.
That's always right when you're away from there.
So I'll start our show tonight.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Great movie.
I loved it.
What was awesome about it?
I think there was parts that were born in.
But it was pretty non-stop.
Non-stop what?
Special effects?
Special effects and action.
And just the sound was really good.
I mean, it was good.
It passed two and a half hours up to me.
It just blew by and it was over before I knew it.
It just blew.
Yeah, it was good.
That came later though.
Okay.
I love your name.
Now you like to do this.
I like it.
George is busy.
Hatchy and Chanuk with somebody on the phone.
So we didn't have a chance to enter it.
You didn't have a chance to do a counter-act whatever this guy said.
Sorry.
Because you're Hatchy and Chanuk with some jackass on the phone there.
No, it was a good friend of ours.
Who?
I can't name her on the ear.
Why not?
Oh, you did a break.
Because you like it in trouble.
Oh, okay.
Wasn't Tracy Nealey, wasn't it?
Oh.
Thanks again, Tracy.
Tracy, by the way, for my Millennium CD.
I'm not going to play this now, but I might have to play it in a while if these phones don't start really had jamming up.
Number one, almost everywhere in the civilized world.
You're a little...
In spite of the fact that some little spick filled me over a year ago,
you're in a half a go.
He said, oh, you're from now.
Nobody will know who those guys are.
And in spite of the fact that you from Orlando tried to screw these kids over,
they're bigger than the Ricky Martin.
How do you like that?
Which ain't saying much.
Oh, it's he bad.
Oh, God.
I mean, I understand that not everybody's got good taste.
But this guy, he couldn't sing.
If you stuck a guy, a 357 magnum, deep inside his rectum, along with the durable, he still couldn't sing.
And you know something, no matter how big that record gets,
no matter how big he gets, he'll still always be on the bottom.
Oww!
That's right.
That's what I hear.
I have inside sources who tell me that Ricky Martin will.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I saw Star Wars and it was horrible.
George is absolutely right.
Oh, the last guy said it was great.
Oh, well, I don't know how much time it got made.
Well, I don't know how much he got paid to say that.
It was the worst movie I've ever seen.
Really?
It was the worst.
There was absolutely no...
I mean, the acting was the only thing that saved it.
But the animation or whatever was, it was terrible.
Special effects are horrible.
Acting by what?
Like R2D2?
The only person who saved it was the animation.
And it was terrible.
And I totally agree with George.
But I don't agree with you on Ricky Martin.
Although I did hear the same thing you heard about his...
I don't know.
Look at that.
Our CD's, I won't even play this thing.
You hear that?
I hear that.
I think he's great.
Except he...
I did hear that.
He's great for what?
He's great for what?
He's great singer.
I'm not saying anything.
The album is really good.
He's a houchi-no.
Look, why not you admit it?
You like seeing him get up and wiggle around.
Isn't that the...
Well, I liked that too.
But his music is very upbeat.
It's not boring like all these women who sing about dying and being depressed.
Like Al Ainess Morseff?
Exactly.
Exactly.
He's good.
I mean, he just keeps the going.
I don't know if I would go stand in the front at place to see him.
But I'm gonna say if he was right down the hall at power 96 I wouldn't walk on the hall to see him
I wouldn't if he's down the hall I want to know okay, I'll come over. We'll give you a ring. All right. Thank you
Yeah, I don't think he will but we'll give you a ring. Is this thing gonna plan?
It looks like
Alright, here we go. He's not he's big
He's on the bottom baby
Oh
Here's the crowd Ricky God bless America
Oh, what was that one song that ballad he sings is is this the one?
If there's anybody who thought for a second that he can really sing what he's not just doing a hoochie-coochie and shouting a lot
The world with Madonna. Oh, he's oh, that's the one
Be careful careful
We don't want me to cut our zone
With Madonna be careful because she not only smells bad, but she might be carrying a lot of disease
In fact, I would say almost definitely
Perceived going to get
And what's it doing the air? Oh, he's in the air come on put it to one
Be careful with my
Oh
My god
Kind of voices
What is that
Oh
God
Whereas Flavio Caesar when you need him you know, I'm saying and his good friend biggest dickest the other life you know, right
God almighty
That it's like a joke. It's like camp
It sounds like a routine that a drag queen would be a doing you know
You careful, you know like it's a put on oh, it is
21 till noon at five sixty WQM. It's time to turn to that because now even Michael ahold the mayo this morning
Sorrowful column in the sunset. Oh, what are we gonna do all the teens here suck and the sports is all over with well
Guess what get a life Michael get a life budget gas
5 6 7 oh and by the way George is just a foaming at the mouth about how bad Star Wars was what a piece of crap
I was I get an anonymous fax is Star Wars kicked ass. Yeah, uh-huh yours because they got your money sucker
5 6 7 oh 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T wireless line the honest people will tell you that it's suck
And the people who don't want to admit that they got sucked in by the hype. They'll tell you it was great
We didn't join it like they got it called before
Here's Miami hello
I want to know yes, sir. I'll owe today
What is it? Oh, yeah, speak to me sir. Come on speaking. Let's go
I'm up there. I have a new stuff up. Oh, okay. Here's Virginia Garden. Hello. Yeah, I knew yes, sir
I saw Star Wars twice already. Yeah, I love this. Uh-huh. I didn't see a problem with it. What do you like about it?
The special effects. I mean you got to take all the other movies into consideration
It doesn't make a movie okay. I understand that but the story facts the story was interesting too
Okay, you know it kept me going and I liked it. Yeah, and I didn't fall for the hype
I mean I grew up with Star Wars and I really liked it. What what do you mean you grew up with Star Wars?
I don't understand what you mean by well, I'm I'm only 20 years old. Yeah, so when I when I was growing up
I had all the toys and it was great. I loved it. Yeah
People could fall for the hype and they get all caught up and I have no life. Yeah
Yeah, exactly. Okay. Good. Mom, I enjoyed it. Well, thanks. I am God bless you. You too
See, there's a well, he's 20-year-old guy. He liked it. Okay. What's wrong with that? So you want everybody to agree with you?
I say this if you liked it great. What do I care? I don't care. I'm not gonna go see it. I'm gonna go see it again
Just to go to the uh you said it was great. I still wouldn't go see it
I saw the first one twice. I liked it that that's enough. I don't want to see any more of it
You know, I saw Mark camel he looked uh cute, you know
For a little queen he looked okay and then he got his face all back in the car accident
And I see now that's why they have to make the movies of the prequels
You know before Mark camel got his face mashed up and got reload and uh fade
Here here oh by the way speaking of the harness racing. Do you see Kevin Wallace blood did they have an accident in a Windsor raceway last night about the third or fourth race?
There were horses down and drivers flying in here including Kevin. He's okay. He came back. He went about five races last night
See when he got a satellite this you find out what's going on in the real world. Not that anybody here cares
I just mentioned that for our friends at Pompato Park Kevin in a bad wreck last night. He came out unscathed. He's doing great. He's kicking ass
Here's Miami. Hello. Any other morning. Yes, sir
Uh, I don't even know where to begin. Go start the beginning when Star Wars and Ricky Martin. Yeah, I haven't both
At the same time. I happen to be unlucky enough
To end up at the same wall to see Star Wars where Ricky Martin was appearing. Oh
As a week talk about a double dip. Oh
Let me tell you something I do not like Ricky Martin. Mm-hmm, but I do like his fans. Oh, yeah
I mean, yeah, well you probably don't like to bash me boys either way like a lot of my fans. I love their fans. Yeah, I mean
They were bringing them in by the busload
Oh, I will say that why is it that why is it that young
That young women have such bad taste they were all over the place and they're always lasting for a guy that they could never have now
This is the thing that a friend of mine and I found curious. Yes
You have these girls because most of them are junior high maybe high school age. Uh-huh
Going to a shopping center in the middle of the day, right?
dressed up and made up like if they were going to
Out to a nightclub. I mean, what are they expecting to do the Ricky Martin is gonna pick them up
You know worse. They're not just going to see the art day fuller. Yeah, they're like dressing up like it indeed
He's gonna notice them. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah, but maybe they're maybe they're trying to oppress each other. Oh, and by the way, then it gets worse
Yeah, we saw several
older women I would say in the 30s to
early 40s
With their daughters in code some of them with baby girls
In a in a carriage one of them with a big hand sign that said
Ricky, I'm your number one baby fan. I lost it. Mm-hmm. I lost it
And in regards to Star Wars. Yes, sir. A lot of hype what I found about this movie was in by the way
I did see the other three movies when they came out. Mm-hmm. Okay. I'm in my 40s now and
The first three movies were okay
This one unfortunately the hype was so much that maybe by the time I got to see it
I was expecting so much more there is no storyline. Okay, that's a good thing. You're gonna story it all
No, there isn't this is a comic strip
Gone mad
Yeah, the way that I saw it was like looking at a comic strip that has come to life
Too many weird characters, especially effects are incredible, but there is no storyline
Okay, there is just a lot of hype the movie's getting only the only out of every five years the young guy to call before he's honest
He said it was you know two and a half hours of special effect. He likes it
You know, so if you like special effects go see it if you don't if you're looking for a storyline do not waste a 750
Right, it's just not there. Okay, and oh and in closing. I mean like those Peter North movies if you're looking for a story
I'm forgetting but if you like special effects go see it that's a specific given again. Right
Well, we're in closing because I am the guy that a year ago facts you that sex manual
Right, okay, and I sent you a fact last week about something else we were talking about and there was a guy that called and said
That well
That's okay for him to say that because of people that send their kids to
Catholic school or whatever they're rich
Not in this case pal, okay
I worked my wife works and trust me if I could put my
Golden retriever to work as well, okay, I would get a good
For education. I'm not rich by any stretch of the imagination. I just need to do what I need to do so that she can get a good education
And that's all I got to say okay God bless you sir. Okay, yeah
Okay, there's a good guy says Ricky Martin sucks and then if you like special effects by all means go out and spend the money if not the stay home
Or go see Ricky Martin and you really get upset
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 who was that in the door? I thought maybe that was our food is our food on the way here
I thought I wanted you know, oh yeah, the bug guy told him to a bug off
Oh, we have a bug guy we do know
Here here
We have we actually have a bug guy that we but we don't pay we pay them. No
Now I know you don't like Slav your Caesar, but
What
No
I didn't just wait
Okay, it starts slow
I think it wasn't he looks better in Ricky Martin
And things better too. What's what he gets going is his cold start
What about his friend biggest the other wife you know, yeah
Okay, well like I said I don't I'll have time to wait for it to get going
Well actually it turns out to be a good shot
That's your problem like if anybody a chance you're a real little spits hard ass
See this is what makes me ill
Thanks, it's so great this man is he could have been
And they're all who she could keep over Ricky Martin couldn't sing it like I said
If his wife depended on me couldn't sing a real note and here's the least Miguel is just because he left
You know you don't need a notice
She's this you want to cry and listen to him sing of course Ricky Martin you want to cry too, but for a different reason
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t. What there's no accounting for taste
Let me say to get up and telling us for years
That's why vanilla ice cream is the number one selling ice cream in the world
Because there's no accounting for the taste of the public most of the public out there their taste is in their rectum
Like a penny
Here's Kendall hello
Kendall hello
Not too much pal I have to agree with you with the hockey situation now we're down to the last
Two sets of games. It's kind of well done. It's where we were cooked
We were having three or four games on a night two games at least no back and forth
Yeah, now it's like now it's deadly and then what we tell we get to the finals and there's only one game every other night
And then we till that's over and there's no hockey until got only was went till September I have to tell you one thing about store wars
I think I've learned a lot of them now all this hype they must either
Pump it up. I mean you see out in California to have people with
Intense with oldest electronic equipment with websites and they're like interviewing them ask them like what do you do that?
Well, we're out here and and if somebody types us a question about the movie
We'll type them back to we're here twenty four what they're really trying to say is I have no life right?
I don't you hate when people say 24 seven that's that news like you oldies catch phrases. Yeah, we're here 24 seven
Don't you understand in America life is a cliche everything I have to be a cliche
But Star Wars. I mean who cares. I mean any first of all if you have to stand in line to see I don't stand a lot to see anything
See if I didn't like the first one then I I would say that I have no credibility on the subject
But I saw the first one twice. I thought it was real entertaining was very good
Had a story to special effects are great, but I don't want to see anymore in other words. It's not a life to me
I don't want to see 85 parts of Star Wars. What's the point exactly?
In addition to which the first one had an ending you know and all this prequel crap
But what is that all about let's let's make psychos part 10 the prequel and Tony Perkins can be a baby
You know, you know as far as rookie martin and a backstreet boys. I'll take over left over fans
Okay, Jeff's will take and one other thing real quick
That guy at wrestling thing that was it was it was I saw my kid was watching that and it's like
They're trying to fit it guys almost really dead and that people can't on like it's part of the show
It's pretty it's pretty it's pretty everything America's a show. Put it that way. That's right
Well nothing is for real anyway, and God bless you. I'll leave you and have a great life. Okay
Oh, if I can only speak you know
I know this we're honored today
We do something right to make you come in and sit down and watch through him in here
What is the door opens and somebody like through him into the room here? Why is that he's just hanging out now?
You listen to this show. Oh, thank God for that. At least he's got a sense of humor
He doesn't
Maybe that's why he came in fine by the way Corey Sabin's very upset you better have a chat with him
I'm gonna be getting wonder about history five minutes before noon at 560 WQAM
I
Can't get for the day
That's how we do it is so hard
Shacity
I'm grieving it's so hard and believing
Call this really lots of sun
You dated guys really hungry
I can't believe she's the last
You must be
I really don't know
We're out
I can't believe she's the last
I really don't know where I went wrong maybe she heard something
I
Would do it 12-0105 60 WQAM here's the fact that it's is I wonder if anyone noticed that in
One of the parts of Star Wars all the senators of the planets meet there are three ET's floating around at the bottom of the screen
What does that mean there are three ET's floating around or maybe we just
Out of this world five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello
Hey, how you doing? Great
I think I'll be laughing at the point of the first episode
It wasn't supposed to be this great miracle this movie. I think
Was being introduction and I think it's a purpose wait wait a minute. What what is the message Greg liked Star Wars
Oh Greg read like Star Wars. I'm not to really suck. Must have been a piece of crap because his pace is in his rectum
But anyway, it kind of fits purpose. It's just once being introduction of four five and six
You know when we didn't know where dark really came from yeah, and it's so I want to show you this
What difference does it make where Darth Vader came from?
Let me ask you did it make a difference where Dracula came from no, but the point of the four five six did it make a difference
Where while we know where Frankenstein came from bad bad example?
Well, he was he was supposed to be a kind of a bad person a good Jedi when he turned bad really really no
Yeah, you know, I'm the first first movie's introduction. Yeah
I think I think it's this purpose and by the way George Israel won the guy in high school. Okay
Talk to the Seneca Indians about it. Okay, pal. They want Central New York back. Why I don't know they want for an endowns
I guess five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile in line. So there's the definitive word Greg read said it was great
So I must have suck out okay
Because there is a man who is just so far out of touch with reality
I mean he is you know, if he were to tell you that this is the best. Oh, he did like roots Chris. I'll say that he did like roots Chris
Here's a mobile and crawl springs. Hello. Hey good morning. Yeah, sir. How you feeling?
I'm feeling okay. Just can't talk. Oh, I'm so I'm glad to hear you back on the air. Yeah, I saw Star Wars over the weekend
And I thought it was very weak. Why did you go see it?
Oh, you get sucked into the hype? Yeah, absolutely because I'm a science fiction fan
And I thought it would be fun to see and I was disappointed. I think this kid was just dreadful. He was a tour of who's that the kid that played the the young
The young Darth Vader. Yeah, he was just horrible
We're losing one of our best economists in the
Sun Sentinel, which I'm growing as leaving really where's he going to a real place? He's going to manage a
An organic gardening. He's going to be the editor of an organic gardening of magazine and Michigan and organic gardening magazine
Yeah, he wants he needed an excuse to leave he said and then and he finally got one
Yeah, every once in a while he would write a good column about once every six months
I mean, yeah, he was one of the few Sun Sentinel comets who had something you know to say once in a while
And I just want to say that the backstreet boys are great and that Ricky Martin amakes and Ricky Gleisey's son talented
Okay, thanks for the good news. That's what Sam said
I'll send on Ricky Martin
Wait till Sam drives up in a Ferrari that Ricky Martin bought him. We have to start wondering if that's all about
I
I mean if you're at night by the you know low life for Sam douchebag. What does that tell me?
This is
This is worse than that. It's embarrassing
Oh
Helen
Thank you
Jesus Christ and they're all these young women lined up screaming emotional and dripping soaking wet over this piece of dirt
Unbelievable five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's Miami hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay
Little lemon and little honey. I do good for that throat. Uh-huh
reference by wars and really sucks
That's the honey tune. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, but I didn't go see this one because I'm not gonna waste my time
And in closing. I just wanted to say to George
All boys and boring subject George is a cool little loka
Okay
Here's the mobile in the gables hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, we're gonna start this morning in the New York Times
About a woman in China who was riding the train. Yeah, she was nine months pregnant
Oh, there's the one again about tossing a baby down the uh crap or yell. Yeah, you heard that story. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, it's been a must have been listening to Bob and Tom again
No, I heard it. No, I read it in the New York Times this morning. It's a real story the real story. She threw the baby down the
She did by accident. She did she passed it by accident. She passed it. Yeah
And and not only did it fall you know out of the tracks, but the train went over it uh, huh and it's okay
And it's still okay it on couple scratches. The great. Thanks for the good news. There is a god. Okay
Anybody believe that? No, well, maybe those holes are bigger in China. Yeah, that could be
I would think the holes would have to be a lot smaller in China. You know what I mean like those well
I'll tell you one thing by the way that you guys out there with small penises don't have any fear because if the Chinese could make a billion babies
Being a hung like butterflies it goes to show it doesn't make any difference
Seriously, it's something to think about
Because every Chinese guy that I've ever encountered anywhere in the world
They're hung like a button mushroom five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one lie
But they sure are horny. Here's Miami. Hello
Yeah, yes sir. Yes, sir. I saw star wars
The other day also. Yeah, and
The reason why I went I'm a major trekkie and all that I
All the uniforms I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but it was
Sir how old are you? How old are you? I'm 29 29 and you're dressing up. You sound like 59 you're dressing up like in the start trek
Like
Right with the little fake ears. Yeah, I don't do the more it was it was
Last week
Yeah, go ahead. Okay. I thought I thought it was
I have no line
And I was like you I like the first one the second one was good, but this one was weak
There was too much special effects
Even though and the lines were even worse in the first one the first one the lines were pretty bad
But this one was and then the kid I love one of the one of the
Columnum if they said the kid was like a white version of a manual Lewis
Yeah, and
They said that that jar jar character look like goofy or dumb-o with a bad face lift. Yeah, and that basically
What it was it was pathetic. I'm never gonna see another star wars flick again
Okay, well listen say how to build Shadon or force okay
This guy he's dressing up. I have no line start right. He's only what he says 79
He'll get over it five six seven oh five sixty. We got six hundred open lines here in an hour and 15 minutes to kill
We'll never make it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Bigger than mine
Hey believe what I've seen
I just want to take a leak I have to take a peek
Bigger than mine
At the next year or no
Now I know why this golden boy could get close to the wall
I remember the big third when he whipped it out
Run behind the zipper it came up with more trousers and trousers
In order to grab mine I gotta get a freezer
Now I know why my wife said I could never pleaser
I think he's really proud
I look he was so endowed I have to look the way
I think that he's really proud
I have to look the way
I hope he don't take out
Well 13 to five six you know how much better I sound now I feel better
I sound better you don't want to run a lot because we were just raised by a JP stop in for a couple of minutes
And I feel like I'm healed all of a sudden like it was a magical cure
You know I said you want to be sure looks a lot better than Ricky Martin, you know, uh-huh. Yeah by a long shot and probably sings better too
5 6 7 0 5 6 3 huh if you can like make croaking sounds he sings better than Ricky Martin. He couldn't say worse
5 6 how come I said the shame how can he don't make him into a big star? Oh he will
5 6 7 0 5 6 3 pound 5 6 on a mobile one line of high gold version from Shula's it too
We got Jim Mad Dog Mandage
briefly before the before everybody tunes out
6 to 7 30 because at 7 30 we got the Marlon pregame show the Marlon Tattoo Cabo to play the cubs any interest at all no a minimal any no okay
Here's the mobile in four-letter deal hello
I know yes sir
Stabbed in a chest and cally with this morning. No, I did not just another one of these things are parents not taking care of the kids now
Thank you meaning what?
Well, whatever that means okay
Whatever it was 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on a mobile one line
But that doesn't inspire me by the way to go back to my book making a killing the business of guns in America by Tom Diaz
In
1990 the federal centers for disease control the CDC reported the results of a survey which asked the national
Nationally representative sample of students in grade 9 to 12 how many times they'd carried a weapon during the past 30 days
One in 20 said they had carried a firearm usually handgun another survey of 11th grade public school students in Seattle during
1991 found that nearly half the males 47 percent reported they had easy access to handguns and
6 percent of male students reported having carried a handgun to school at some time a
February 1997 study by the CDC analyzed firearm related deaths for children of the age of 15 and 26 industrialized countries and found that
86 percent of the deaths occurred in the United States
The CDC also found that the overall firearm death among death rate among U.S. children under age 15 with nearly 12 times higher among children and the other
26 countries
combined
Let me say that again. They found the overall firearm death rate among U.S. children under the age of 15 with nearly 12 times higher than among children and the other
26 countries combined
Few of these children were little little criminals who ought to be held accountable on the contrary
Children and young adults are the most likely to be victims of unintentional shootings
In the last 10 years more than 2300 American children 14 years of age and younger die from unintentional shootings
A recent study by the violence policy center tracked over 200 incidents of unintentional shooting of children and teenagers none of them were little criminals
You know, it's just like oh, I didn't always loaded. Sorry
Every day. Oh, but we don't want to have these laws because you know, it makes us feel impotent
We got to have our guns man. We got a polisher. We got to squeeze them. We got to collect them. We got to hang them up on the wall
We got to carry them in a holster on our on our thing on our hip
Oh, yeah, you're you're smiling, but there's a whole group of people these NRA nuts. They want to be able to do that
They want to pack the heat and the gun too
56705 I thought I was gonna start packing a little heat in here a little while, but he left
56705 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil
Our statistics how much higher kids in other countries are clubbing each other to death or what what do you think?
Maybe they're not killing each other
Listen, uh, I don't on you sir that maybe the civilized people don't kill each other
Well, yeah, okay, okay, listen, uh, I thought Star Wars and I had a real like you know like bad overall
Val movement or it
It was just to me that first of all it this holds like a thing of over
Over-keyticizing everything. I think the worst thing I have an old George Lucas was he had kids
Because now everything is like you know
Very kid oriented and number two they that you could tell because they didn't kill any you know like stormtroopers
It was all destroyed. Yeah, but let me ask you this any movie that had tons of special effects like
Indiana Jones and all of these other they're all kid movies. They're all geared toward kids
Not really of the matrix blew my mind not just I mean because it was also
It had some other thing behind the movie blue. Oh, yeah, yeah
Uh, yeah, and I know that I don't really that only special effects because that was a movie that was loaded with violence from what I read
The matrix was loaded with special effects and loaded with violence. There wasn't a kid movie
Uh, but the thing I always guess me about Star Wars is it doesn't have the depth and profundity of Star Trek
Because it's always just a very simple good person the
Profundity of Star Trek
If you followed deep space nine for the last seven years you could tell that that we've suffered you know two or three wars
Yeah
You know it's towards it. That was just you know
Important spot. You know go back to that trick every week right
Yeah, it's true though if you seriously Star Trek does have a very deep profundity to the old scripting process
So no more blacks. Uh-huh. That's what Bill Shatner said he said get a life
Okay, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one. This is sad. This is pathetic
It really is and you wonder why there's somebody a bozo's running around on a loose
There's so many people buying Ricky Martin records
And eating vanilla ice cream at the same time
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. My name's OJ
Uh-huh. What do you do when uh, you got a brother-in-law owes you money
Meaning what you won't pay yeah
And he tell you he telling all your friends that
Really won't pay because it goes deeper than that well
I get that machete out again and work good the first time
five six seven over now you know who that was no day that was wrong
You're gonna voice five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm doing okay. I'm making a nice comeback. I think
You're sounding better already. How do you like that? Just in the last 20 minutes or so my health has come back
That's your your back and your full of action. I'm feeling it. Yeah
Hey these guys driving 20 miles an hour on the 836 protesting this guy getting his vote taken
Instead of the first gig in a ticket for doing 60
I think if these guys tickets for going under the speed limit exactly right the minimum 40 I believe on these red flags right
Well, if they pull it over you've done a ticket beats a hell out of me. Yes, then
And another clock on I've been asking that question forever since I've been in this town
What about the old parts that are driving 20 miles under the speed limit left handling on 995 and on every other god damn highway in this town
And they lie a lot. Oh, yeah, we write tickets for them to I have never ever seen one of these old fossils pulled over
That was going too slow in the passing lane ever in my life
Well, the troopers don't get to get involved in a high speed chase if they're going
Yes, not as much fun. You're right. No, of course not. I got a father question for you
When when he's sitting in the garden with Michael and they're talking about I wish you would become a senator or a lawyer or something another
President of on say what is a personal bond date another rock
Like a you know a slipper. What do we figure that word means George president of on say it means a 90 pounder a lightweight
Yeah, another light. We're yeah another one you're a figurehead, you know, oh, I didn't mean like the puppet on a string
No, no, it didn't okay. Well, Neil. I appreciate it
The puppet on a string was the godfather was pulling all the strings at the beginning of the godfather
That was the puppet on the string
Okay, there you go
Ask any shell receipt well, you know, that was a very deep bus series that start trek
profundity. Yeah, I was filled with profundity
I'm mind melding. I think that guy was filled with something else that's not even worse than
It was pretty profound
200 open lines here today on a Monday as we keep squeezing and pushing I'll get through this now though
I'm feeling a hell of a lot better. I'm feeling it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach hello
Oh
Okay, whatever you say couldn't understand see when you take the sock off the phone
Like that. It's a lot easier to understand it
But when you start shouting and screaming you got the sock over it in the phone too
It makes it real tough to understand dumbbell
There's a guy who would enjoy it star. I guarantee he saw it
Here's the mobile in bokeh. Hello
Okay, sir
The police I think the cops and some guys are also in the residence. They're what?
Older than the residents
Yeah, and I'm striving down the road the other day and I saw three eight case pulled over the side of the road
And one ticket was this year. I think maybe one warning they wave small that have a nice day
So in that area don't speed through there near but if you do you will not get ticket
Okay, thanks for the good news. What do you say five six seven oh five sixty pound the foods here anyway
That's the good news and pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Yeah, you know something ill I'll tell you the only brave one you're looking for Donald the only brave one they're enough to
To talk about some of our gun control in this country. I got a resume from Canada
I mean sanity in this country is unbelievable. Yes, it is
I have there. I'm gonna. They got to kill people. There are a bunch of cowboys man
That's the problem. They're still cowboys. They can't get over it. I mean
They've worked killings of children and so forward and they've all counted on the entire year right
Where's it all going to be? That's all
Okay, God bless you sir. See you around a
Another guy that's screaming in shoutin and puking man on the bad cell phone five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
They don't care. Let me tell you again. I'm making making a killing the business of guns in America by Tandy as it's hard cover
You ought to be your bookstore right now getting it and reading it and fondling it. Okay
But no, we got all these pseudo intellectuals there are the talking heads on TV all while guns don't kill people
No irresponsible crazy people and crazy hysterical angry kids with guns they kill people
They make childproof caps for aspirin bottles. They make childproof
cigarette lighters
But God forbid that we have childproof guns that we have safety locks like there needs to be a discussion about that
No, like it's like it's a big debate. No
Because you know these people are so paranoid and so psychotic these NRA people
They figure if they make the first let them get the first in-road boy
That's the first step toward taking away their peace
Use some of the maniacs
Gunsqueezers they're squeezing it
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello, hey, Neil. How are you? Great. A couple questions
First of all, you think the the savers can
Got what it takes to go all the way
I think they're going to win a series with Leafs. I don't know if they're going to beat Colorado
I think I think Colorado is good when that series and you know something
It's a damn good thing that they won that game against Dallas
Because the goal that they disallow again the NHL fuller crap they had that that padding inside the net there
They kept the puck from going over the line. It was a crappy call. It should have been loud and thank God
They won a game and even though I can't stand Patrick frog. I think that'd be a pretty good series buffalo in the Colorado
All right, not that I want to concede. I mean, I'm hoping the best for my Leafs
If they couldn't win yesterday against Roleson, I think psychologically now they've they're going to start
They're going to go right another thing. I was wondering if you ever have the opportunity to watch the 700 Club
I think it's on when you guys are on side doubt that you ever get a few minutes with their with their perverted news
And they present their psychotic right wing opinions as news I
I just started to watch I just got that and what they're doing. I just
Pat Roberts in the other day
They're they're turning out you know like a charity drive here. I don't know what the money's for
But they're they're scaring everybody and saying it the why-to the year 2000 is gonna be worse
They were comparing it to the Holocaust and they were comparing it to the slaves
Yeah, yeah, I was just I was just amazed. I was wondering if you were talking to the world man because we're gonna
Switch the calendar from one day to the next you know how a panicky we get about that
Yeah, man, we're close to midnight tonight. Yes, sir one last thing
Why they go you were given out a 800 number for a place in Canada get to get that book
I wonder if you can give me that on the air. Oh, you don't need to get through there. You can just go you have a computer
Yes, sir, just the amazon.com you can buy it through there. Oh, you can. Yeah, okay
Charles Teppel invited by the way last time I was in Toronto a couple of weekends ago
I saw that in the world's largest bookstore there on Edward Street right off a young
Saw several copies of that. I should actually bought them and brought them back here handed them out
On your cheap skates
Farewell to god by Charles Templeton if you want to convince some of them on you're not gonna convince okay because they're like
Deluted demented you know, oh, yeah, the god stuff god is up there. He's doing it. He's doing it
He's not doing too good of a job, but he's doing it while they give us free will you know, yeah
26 past noon at 560 WQ. I am Roger Scott
Yes, is that when everyone supposed to
Are you sure
We're gonna be more confused
26
Inauspicious
His
So it will be yes.
We're listening to the Houston edit yet.
In the year of three thousand twenty five,
gas prices will be so high.
We won't want to drive.
Hot will only see your prime time cartoons.
And the President will be a huge goal.
Now it's been a million years.
How about that? We're still right here.
Don't find something else to do.
Your predictions won't come true.
And when you find the lies,
perhaps you realize
that all those years away
is just another day.
In the year of ninety nine, ninety nine.
Will we go through this again?
And hear you wise.
And we won't be able to watch TV.
Unless we upgrade to a Microsoft free.
In the year of three thousand pounds.
I'm sure that's happening and we'll have a new future.
Pay for the three of five, 60 WQM.
I'll learn, try to swear to all the time.
Thanks to our good friend Brad Attoneys.
Great pizza, by the way.
Damn good.
In fact, I'll tell you a ponytail better get on his,
he better watch his pees and cues, man.
Damn good stuff.
One ninety third and four forty one.
One ninety third and four forty one.
Right down the street from us here, our buddy Attoneys.
Brad, whatever his name is.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello.
Okay Neil.
Yes sir.
As far as gun control,
you are 100% correct sir.
Absolutely correct sir.
I'm 33 years old, white male.
Never had a gun, never owned a gun, never needed a gun.
Or I've never put in my position to need a gun.
That's one problem with the society.
He also reading the paper and as far as trying to get some gun control
and doing checks,
I mean you got the Democrats voting for 150 Democrats vote for 160 Republicans vote against it.
It's ridiculous.
I mean so I'll say that we'll get the Republicans all upset like when I was talking about after they had the shooting again in Georgia last week.
Oh, man.
I'm making it political.
Okay. Like I'm the one that put most of the Republican party in the pocket of the NRA.
Like how you did it with that?
Oh yeah, to do is read the paper and see how they vote.
And that'll tell you right there.
See the $6.8 million.
The NRA they donated 1.6 million to the Democratic candidates in the last elections.
And 6.8 million to the Republican candidates.
Exactly.
Also America's just a possessive violence.
They watch TV, animals gone bad, stunts gone bad, this gone bad.
But you see one boob on the Internet.
And they rate it all.
I'm watching the weather channel.
I mentioned this last year they've been promoting this day in video for over a year now.
With all the plane crashes you know.
Have you ever seen that?
I'm the water channel.
Yes.
It's amazing and people love it.
Yeah.
Forget the good storyline.
Forget if it makes any sense.
They just want to see blood, gut, gore people shooting people.
And then the exo surprise and outrage when kids are blown each other up here.
They can't figure it out.
I wonder why that happens.
Must be Walter and he's bald.
Also Near, I don't concede yet on the Toronto.
You almost did one in a plane, Pittsburgh.
They pulled it off.
How about that one handed goal yesterday though?
Yeah, but that's another greasy goal.
I mean, it reminded me of Billy Lindsay's goal against Boston back when we had the big year with the Panthers.
But I'm telling you, it was a great...
Sanders didn't play the great game yesterday.
But Kujo's got to stand his ground there.
Otherwise he stops the puck and said he panicked.
He starts to come over to one side and he lets the puck in there.
And just slide right in there.
Kujo played a really weak game yesterday.
I mean, he's been great in a playoffs.
But if he's going to play like that, it's going to be over in four.
Well, hopefully they put it together the next game.
We tie it up and just like starting over, we'll go from there.
And hopefully Toronto will see Colorado.
Okay, Mike Johnson is good.
Yeah, I'm a great day.
Okay, see you.
That would be exciting.
But I don't want to get, you know, I'm not one of those people that gets unrealistic.
I'm just happy that the Leafs got this far.
It's been a long, long time.
Maybe we can put Bob Kool out the packer now after this year's playoffs.
God, is he getting bad?
Yeah.
There's a penalty is called.
I know we got to go to commercial there on the CBC, okay?
And Bob Kool says, penalty on Toronto coming up.
We come back from commercial break and there's two sabers sitting in a penalty box.
Nice going, Koli.
What game are you watching, man?
I know you're 100 years old.
But what game are you watching, Bob?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in South Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how's it going with that?
Pretty good, sir.
I don't know which issue I want to touch base on first.
Our war is gun control.
Uh-huh.
But I think if there's a God, that little punk that played Anakin Skywalker is going to end up in a 12-step support group program about four years.
And then six years from now, he's going to live the same faded buffie from family if there are no D on heroin.
Good.
That's it there to God.
As far as gun control.
Well, I'm listening because I didn't see it.
I'm not going to see it.
Well, I wouldn't.
I only went because it was free.
Didn't have to stand in line.
I wanted to do it all the hype was.
There you go.
I saw the other three, but I think that's great.
If you get like, you know, some kind of a freebie and you don't have to wait online, that's fine.
You know, the Georgian way to online.
He got a freebie.
We like freebie.
It's great all these, uh, I learned hands that are taking days off work.
And I can say that I already saw it and all that.
But gun control, I don't agree with you on that.
I don't think that the, uh, you don't agree with me on what?
Well, from this, from the, from what I heard you say, you're for gun control.
Of course.
See, I don't have to be very careful.
Let me, let me ask you a question.
Okay.
How can you be against regulating guns?
Don't we regulate cars?
No.
Okay.
Regulating, yeah.
I don't think that we should make it almost impossible for an American system to get a gun.
It should be very, very hard.
There should be extenduating circumstances before anybody gets a handgun.
Why is that?
I mean, you have these local police departments, forming, forming, uh, third world, uh,
they're forming militias, the size of third world countries with ammunition.
But you don't want the people to have guns.
Yeah.
I mean, the government.
So what happens when, uh, you know, the government runs a muck and the,
very, very serious.
All you, all your gun huggers keep coming up with the same cop hide, lane stuff.
How about when the government runs a muck?
Okay.
The government has got tanks.
They've got bombs.
They're, you, you and your little pistol in their pal.
I hate to break the news to you.
No, no, no.
I don't have a gun.
I mean, if that's the confidence that the American people have in their government,
then what's the point?
Why do we just have anarchy?
Well, I don't have that confidence in our government.
And we are, we're on the brink of anarchy.
Meaning, by whom?
Who are we on the bricker energy buy?
Buy?
Buy scumbags with guns, not by the government.
No, it's the politicians that are that are just okay. Thank you sir. Thank you very much
Whoo man. I don't want to say he's a gun hugger and then what he said I'm not a good hugger
He's just off in a twilight zone, baby
God when government runs amok. That's right. Everybody pack your peace
You've been brainwashed pad you're growing up in a culture of guns and a culture of violence and shooting
Crazy people and you're buying into it
But he at least don't like Star Wars. Let's hear it
21 before 1 at 5 60 WQ I am not tell you one thing I'm starting to feel a little bit better
Is it the launcher was it the company ahead today? No seriously you tell him if J people would come in here every day
I would feel a little bit better even if it just to say hello for like 30 seconds. That's long enough
I was wondering before you know I'm wondering when somebody looks that good
Are they standing in front of the mirror like after they get out of the shower in the morning?
They stand naked in the mirror and look at themselves and wrap their arms around themselves
Huh
So I should have you ever thought about that when somebody looks that good and you look at the mirror
Do you like you know squeeze yourself a little bit?
Let's ask for last tomorrow
Anyway, if your carpets aren't looking too good if so you're back
Well
Oh
Why your holy
All right
Pain
Your
The speech and pain deride me
Your moon is shining on me
It's like a penny to me
Well, a save and be it's rage
The tongue-lice and I just hailed
Makes my hair of my dad's fan straight up
Now I'm a real super guy
My tongue-laping girl is super
She's all about the truth, I said, be good
I got a mustache, B to B, B
My friend told me in number two
I heard you yelling, Chacha
But I prefer you to do
It's like a penny to me
We did wait deride me
The moon is shining on me
It's like a penny to me
Now, through the way that K-Wyke is Arlen
I'm going to stride
Just me, I won't hurt you
Things get not delusious when I see Raleas who were to lose to a fool
They're holostos out with a knife told through
Are you?
When will I do?
Please miss feeling like a man
You'll find it hard to sit down
And I get done with your hands
It's like a penny to me
We did wait deride me
The moon is shining on me
It's like a penny to me
It's like a penny to me
Now, I get these apples for this chat about a road government
I mean, a country that's got as many checks and balances as we do in this country
The idea that the executive branch and all of the Congress would have to like all become road on the same day
You know what I'm saying?
Are you following me?
Oh, but if we get a road government and they take away our guns, what do we do then?
How about a peace shooter, sir?
You jackass
Here's a fact that if that gun-loving asshole call our things, the US government is going to run a muck
Then he should move to Europe or Canada where there are no guns and the citizens have more faith in their governments
What a complete brainwashed asshole
It's as I hope somebody shoots them
Oh, there you go
Oh yeah, disagree with you on that because your brainwashed, just like the God bull crap, okay?
Brainwashed, use your brain, think a minute
And you read those statistics about all these kids
Now I'm not talking about kids in school
Kids accidentally shooting each other
2300 of them in one year
Wow, you know
We can't, that's the price you have to pay for freedom
There's all those kids' lives for the rest of us to be free
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the mobile one line
And like I've said before, you're not going to change it
I mean, you know, we can make little changes in the laws
And they can just barely get any of those through because of the tremendous power of the NRA lobby
The gunnut lobby
But it's in grade, it's in there baby
It's as American as apple pie
It's part of the American knife's hearing from you too
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line
Here's the mobile and coral springs, hello
And yeah, how you doing?
Okay sir
I've listened to your show quite a bit
But I don't know if I've heard anything to rival the comment that was made earlier by the guy talking about the profundity
A Star Trek
A Star Trek
They don't have a more profound than Mr. Spock
They don't have a more profound than Mr. Spock
I mean, I know Mr. Spock had profound points on his ears, they're pretty profound
Without any questions
Right
I will say one thing, Jerry Ryan does have a profound set of knockers on her, but at any rate
The reason that I was calling is I was wondering if you happen to see the book
I was wondering if you happen to see the book again about the legislature passing the choose wife
Oh, I have a whole thing on that here, yeah, I got it
Well, again, the pigeons are coming home to read
Steve Oscar, he had a great column on that which I got right here
I'll save it for tomorrow because I don't have much voice today, I don't want to read too much
That's in today's paper, I haven't had a chance to see it
This was over the weekend
Okay
In the herald
Yeah, well that was something and unfortunately I missed, but again, the morons
The people of the state of Florida elected to their legislature have rolled over and stuck their rectum in the air for the religious rights
That's right, and this governor is exactly what I told you he was going to be, he's a right wing fascist pig
And you know, they're going to shove all this stuff through school vouchers, you know
They're going to do their best to destroy the public education system
And then the choose life business with their pro, their anti-abortion thing
I mean, I don't know why anybody should be surprised that this is what we got with Jeb Bush and his cronies
The guy can't wait to sell out to the NRA and the religious nut in this state
And unfortunately, the rational normal human beings like you and I are going to wind up having to pay the paper for this asshole
Pay the paper on pay KPX, okay, and have a great day, sir
Is paper high charging for that?
By the way, speaking of assholes, Rosalind Carter, I always wondered about some of you named Rosalind, you know
What an asshole this bitch is, wait till you hear this story, okay, you missed it
Rosalind Carter is criticizing candy maker Nestley as insensitive toward the mentally ill for producing taffy bars with the names Psycho Sam and Luni Larry
Nestley says those names are juxtaposed, they don't hurt but they do hurt the former first lady said Thursday
They hurt people who are mentally ill and they hurt their families
Carter author of a new book on treatment of the mentally ill, I guess she must know because they had the Billy Carter in that family
Made her remarks during a fundraising lunch in for mental health counseling in East Windsor, Connecticut
Nestley spokesman Trisha Bull said there's no disrespect to real intent of the company's candy names which are created out of humor
Those names are characters on the packaging with funny faces she said but don't confuse Rosalind with that because she don't have a sense of humor
She's a stupid, uptight bitch, I guess loony toon is gonna have to change their name too right?
Yeah, there you go
Psycho Sam and Luni Larry, they're insensitive toward the mentally ill, another politically correct pile of crap from Rosalind Carter
With a personality like a dead bitch
Here's a mobile in Miami
Oh sorry, call me back, we're on that line 8 crap again
Oh man when I stop and think I better not stop and think about all the lies that have been peddled in me in this place because like I said I don't care anymore, thank God I don't care
Thank the Lord for that
Greg Reed who sticks his head in the door here about now and I, oh yeah Star Wars I saw it was great because the big thumbs up
Yeah, how about a thumb up your neck? Don't you ever wake you up a little bit? Okay with his great phone system? Oh, yes
Stay to the art this we're getting a new phone system. We're gonna do this 50,000 watts
Did they do any of these things? No, no
Does he care? No, no
Did the sales bid is Ray Perry? No, no
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello
Hello Neil? Yes, how you feeling? I'm okay. I just wish I could talk a little better tomorrow be great
Oh cool. Hey, I'm the guy that gives you stats during the Panther games. I just this first time I've got to hold you to see how
You enjoy them or my way don't give me any more Panther stats. I mean I'm so watching that game if you give me the out of concept
I appreciate that very much but not the Panther dropping
Okay, I didn't know which which you like because I got to come all the way down from the press box. So I know
Well, I appreciate that very much. All right cool. Hey, can I call somebody a douche bag? Yes, sir
Ron Schultz is a poker raising douche bag later Neil. Okay
See you next season sir in the macarena
Notice the tremendous excitement and response to raise about the hog in fact you got to turn to the last inside page of the sport section in the
Hero even be anything about it today
That's how hockey intensive they are here because they got too many come too many guys with nothing to say writing columns today
Like red code text and Michael hold the mail
6 hundred open lines here 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line see we got on the gun thing and right away they all ran away
Because they all disagree they all think I'm crazy when we have that road government gets out of control you better be packing your
Pieces, mister and all the poor innocent people that are going to get killed at the meantime because we have all kinds of irresponsible
Lunatics right under our wood gun well
That's just a price you pay for eternal vigilance, huh? That sounds good. Don't that that's not pretty good. Yeah
Here's a mobile and Tamarack hello
Now yes sir how's it going Neil? Okay, I need all of you are from Philly. No, I haven't
We need him back down he's not coming back here fill is a Los Angeles or he's at KFI
He's not coming back and if I would have been lucky enough to get out of here I wouldn't come back either do you understand answer?
He's not coming back are you sure positive?
I don't go watch that May for TV crap. Okay, okay, give fill my best regards. We love him, but he's out of here and congratulations to him. Don't you love that?
Oh, we got to have him back. He's not coming back. He ain't coming back after you are ain't coming back either, okay?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Mobile in Miramar hello, yes sir. I just want to let you know my wife came up with a good bumper sticker. I think you might enjoy
Okay, make the world a safer place shooting in our a member. There you go. See you later. Okay, thank you
Of course, that's only figuratively speaking actually
Just figuratively
You can give the little dose of the wrong medicine
When the rogue government takes over and then you better watch it pal. Rogue government
I
Mean all these years, you know all these years we somehow survived over 200 years
And when we have a president who like gets a few blow jobs we even know you know on the verge of getting his ass out office. I mean
It's just so idiotic and the sad part of it is that there's so many of you out there you're nothing but automaton
You're just taking up space because you don't have a brain of your own all you do is you think and you speak and you utter
What you heard somebody else say you're like a bunch of parakeets like a bunch of minor birds
Somebody says some patently ridiculous irresponsible idiotic thing and right away you're out there repeating it especially if it's a cliche. Oh
When a rogue government comes along
What's your decision
1256
That will give you a hand
Oh boy, it's the one to two hours
Hello citizens this is Batman you know even though I'm a fictional character the why 2k problem is real
In other words, I may be from the comics, but there's nothing funny about why 2k
So what can you do, John and Jane Citizen?
That's right if you have the time right now one out into the street and scream your head off like a little girl yelling why 2k why me?
Who is this guy? You don't think Batman's coming to your rescue do you?
I can tell you now
Sock up on canned goods then we draw all your cash from the back and bury it in the backyard
But the careful if you have a canine friend then show your computer it'll be about as useful as a bad signal at noon
You might as well get some money out of it now so you can buy a generator and lots of gasoline
But don't storm a gas in empty plastic milk containers or some unsuspecting moron like Robin might suck it down thinking of rice tea
Then you got to get his stomach pumped by rushing to the emergency room and you don't want to do it in costume because people tend to laugh at that man when he's not in the soup
So street fighting crime and they all these these Robin because his outfit is so gay but I digress this is Batman
When it comes to why 2k don't be a joker
Well I say the 5.50 WQAM so anyway speaking of the why 2k where are we going to get the programs to modify our computers or PCs?
Are they out?
Well what do you look at me like that you don't need one you have a new computer are you sure positive are you sure
Yeah, yeah as of when when did they start changing the chips as in like a year or two ago?
Are you sure yes or should I just wait until January 1st and by the way January 1st comes on a Saturday next year?
Are you aware of that?
No
So guess what the banks will be closed just about well guess it's New Year's Day anyway the banks are always closed no matter what they was
Oh my god we won't be here because it's January 1st no matter what they was but it's on a Saturday
Now I'm thinking of myself all these assholes every time Brian Rorcross gets on TV and starts people hyperventilating
You know because there's a hurricane about 2,000 miles away that might hit here and you see the aberrant behavior of the public
The grotesque unacceptable hoarding of lumber and water and batteries and canned goods and cleaning off the shelves in the supermarket of every guy in the commodity that money could buy you see that?
Now that's small potatoes that's nothing compared to the hysteria that's going to be built over this Y2K thing
So I got news for you let's start hoarding now
Oh
Oh God it's a good thing I got a good in with my friends over there at publics
At least they used to be my friends
Here's a mobile in Miami hello
Hello yes sir
Neil I was wondering if you remember Archie Bonkers here for hijacking?
What was that?
Well all you have to do is arm all the passengers that way the hijacks don't have an advantage
Right there you go
I agree with you gun control but you admit you wouldn't make a difference in Columbine
I mean they violate all types of laws
Right I didn't say what made a difference out there but just the easy access to guns everybody and the irresponsible people are kind of like leaving laying around
And being able to go out and buy them a gun shows
It might have made a difference out there because the girlfriend bought two or three of the weapons at a gun show
It might have made a difference
Yeah but they planned it way ahead of time if they had a gun
Yeah right they planned it to your head you're right
They would have got it in no way
When you're dealing with crazy people it doesn't make any difference how many laws do you have?
Right right
But also what's that is Democrats trying to get to work at a ban?
Because there's been about 100,000 violations of the existing gun control laws for the past five years
Right and there only been 13 prosecutions that went to the interest of them
Right
More interested in getting to work with the other way
They're all full of crap that's absolutely correct
And one way to put down on the gun violence a lot of it is the drug trade
If you legalize drugs you wouldn't have these war
Now you're starting to make this too much sense like Jesse the body of intro up there
Minnesota who says the same thing and God bless him
I say Jesse for president right now
I agree with you
Okay
You don't have liquor stores that have you shoot out right now for a prime spot like you do with the drug trade
Okay good luck to pal
I'll see you at 7-11
Anybody got shot lately over a big gulp?
Hey by the way here's a good fact from Edna Highlee who says in the wake of another school shooting
There are the inevitable letters from the gun lovers presenting their tired old arguments against any form of gun control whatsoever
There was of course the pathetic guns don't kill people etc etc
Slow going to be heard over and over again like some kind of mantra
Yes, I agree guns don't kill people it's those small incredibly fast moving objects called bullets that kill people
However, I don't want to confuse any members of the facts says in the highly
How about crazy people with guns?
How about irresponsible people with guns?
How about kids with guns?
Let me say it again
Childproof aspirin bottles
Childproof cigarette lighters are we sure as hell have to have a big discussion argument about childproof guns?
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal hello
Hey Neil how are you?
Okay sir
Totally agree with you
Why is it that everybody that I know that owns a gun is a total leak in psychopath?
Yeah
I mean I have a business that got robbed and a couple of my friends had own guns said
Well now you got to go out and buy a gun
It's like what am I going to do with this gun if somebody comes in and it robs me?
I would first of all even though there is psycho robbing me I would feel horrible for killing them first of all
Second of all I don't see any need of owning a gun in the first place
I mean we're not going to be taken over we're not going to have a coup d'etat and be taken over anytime soon
They're just psychopaths themselves
Okay and God bless you sir whatever you said
Okay get the address and we'll give the where his place is located because he's unarmed
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line boy hear my voice make it a big comeback
It was either the pizza from our good friend Brad and Tony's it was either that
Or it's just that my spirit has been lifted because and by the way Corey is saving if you're listening you're a good guy Corey
But you're out you know you're yesterday's news you're all had maybe I could shave
Yeah it won't help
Here's a mobile in homestead hello
Yeah sir how you doing today okay 27 years old and listening to you since I was 16 when I discovered you were accident
All right and you've been adding enjoyment to my daily commute because I have to drive a lot I was part of my job
Oh God but the problem is after two o'clock there's just a big boy in the radio so hey stop it yeah
Got it just like I guess hums myself
Well you got to start thinking about important things in life like that very young gator team that went in there you know and things like that
Yeah I saw Star Wars yesterday and I was disappointed
I loved the three that came out years and years ago but this one that came out I mean yeah the special effects are great
But it's just so obvious that anybody with half a brain that the plot the story was severely lacking
And in other words there really wasn't a need for this other than George Lucas wanted to make another billion dollars
I mean it had potential to be something I don't know where he went wrong but it just didn't you know hold its own
Okay and if you've noticed on interviews with Lucas on any TV interview the guy he kind of comes across a little bit arrogant and totally laugh
He's very arrogant completely totally 500% arrogant
And he lacks in charisma I don't know if it's because he knew this movie was going to stink or that's a different
I can out of space Oliver is stolen to me or maybe that's just how he normally is
He's an a**
And in closing I just want to say that I think Rosie O'Donnell should put a sock in it
Okay and have a great day
You too
Okay Dice of America revolt because Rosie O'Donnell is putting a sock in it
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
She's a great crusader baby
This big fat disgusting no talent dyke
And like I said last week even though I agree with what she was saying I mean who the hell is she
And especially to be ambushed in a good upstanding American like Tom Sillick
Because I was thinking to myself over the weekend
Isn't it about time that Ellen DeGenereth and Tom Sillick made a movie?
Huh?
And what kind of a comment is that?
What kind of a statement is that this silly dumb act dyke, Ellen?
Oh you know everybody in Hollywood has been saying it for years
It's saying what?
That you're an embarrassing bull dyke is that what they've been saying like it was like the whole Ellen thing was like something kind of a surprise?
God, next there'll be a lesbian show with Lily Tomlin on the air
Woo!
Wow!
No
By the way Husk got wolf doing
Ten minutes after one is 560 WQM11
And now on Pike Sipsip
In video stores now
From the producer of Star Wars and the director of Star Trek
It's Star Trek, the Empire strikes back
The Empire shall be of a throne of course
Meet me, Spock
Sir, would you mind explaining that statement please?
Meet me
Fascinating, the butt quite impossible
So what do you, as your empire is illogical?
Meet me, Kirk
I wonder what Star Trek command will say about that
Star Trek, the Empire strikes back
Spock, I owe your father
Fascinating
It seems they're bisexual
No, that's just lovely
But yes, I wonder what Star Trek command will say about that
Our chronic factor here with all the bio information and movie information factors is something about George Lucas
Which we could live without
Which I'm not going to waste my time reading about George Lucas
Because I did notice out of the corner of my eyes at the bottom of the page it says he's an asshole
Yeah
Errogant self-serving
Just a poppest piece of crap
Crapy job, George, but enjoy all the money
560, 7, 05, 60, 05, 05, 60 on the AT&T line
Here's the fact that it says the people talking about the rogue government remind me of Joe McCarthy
In all the county which hundreds of the 50s
They claim to be pro-American but they apparently have sense of little faith in the government
They suspect we will be taken over whatever that means
By the way, those of us in that rogue government have devices which can cook your internal organs
Eat your flesh from the inside out or simply vaporize you
And we can do it from a computer thousands of miles away
Try shooting at that with your little gun
Ha ha ha ha
All right
All right
Yeah
Like and do what?
Yeah, they can do it
So don't worry about your rogue government
Okay, just go step in line and cut the crap
And put that stupid piece down already, will you?
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes sir
How are you today?
Great
That's good
I just wanted to talk to you about the gun control thing because that was in the medical corps in the military
And you know, why anyone would want to go out and buy a gun after what I've seen
You know, because I don't think they realize the finality of a situation
They want you to pull the trigger, that's it
You know, you can't take it back and say I'm sorry I did this
You see like that, you know
And I just see no youth for it at all
You know, especially when, like I say, if you could see the actual currents that goes on and things like that is terrible
Yeah
And I just, I hate to see anybody have to go through that
But you know, like I say, they glorify it on television and then go
Well, yeah, we saw all those kids in Colorado that being wheeled out, some of whom didn't make it
And then that kid falling out the window, you know, that Patrick Ireland kid
Falling out the window with blood oozing from all parts of his body
And you know, it was news for a few days and they had a couple of town meetings about it
And everybody got sufficiently crazy about it for a few days
And now let's move back to John Boney or something else
That's American public, that's their mentality
Their attention span is as long as their nose
Right, this is true, I agree with that whole heartedly
But like I say, if they could actually see it first day, I wish there was some way you could put them in the situation
You know, without having the guns there, something like that
Make it virtual gun ownership or something like this
I think it's somehow experienced this and realize that there is no coming back from this
Maybe a big flesh wound in the thigh, you know, I changed the latitude
This is true
Okay, pal, take care
Have a great day
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I've been nursed back to health here today and it worked like a charm
God, I feel like almost brand new, I bet you'll buy tomorrow a field
Like coming in
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Kendall, hello
Oh, it's a line 8 again, like I said
So you don't get excited, don't get upset
You're making a nice comeback, your voice is coming back, you're getting over this cold, whatever the hell it is
Don't get upset because you work for a cheap ass bunch of bastards who don't want to put in a real phone system that really works
So instead you have to suffer through this embarrassment and just keep in mind, nobody cares
Nobody gives a crap, does Greg read care?
No, does our program director is not a bad guy, but does he care?
No, does the sales department care?
No, does anybody, does the beesleys over there in wherever the hell they are in Naples, do they care?
No, no
So why the hell should I care?
Call us back, okay, and hopefully you'll wind up on another line
That's all I can tell you
And I apologize profusely for the ineptitude of this get-ner phone system of piece of direct that I wouldn't wish on Hitler
I wouldn't wish it on EDiamine Dada
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Kendall, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir
Listen, I just wanted to make a comment on that one Friday show about the millennium
Yeah
Perfect way to sum it up
Sounds just like the Albert and Custello
Albert and Custello, yeah, who won first?
Who's the first?
Right
And it just cracked me off
The only problem is though, this wasn't a joke, these people were serious
That's the worst part, they were serious
Yeah, and every call that came
They argued tooth and nail for four hours, 99% of the colors that they were
Absolutely incorrect, they were all wrong, they were full of crap, they didn't know what they were talking about
And the phones rang here like it was the end of the world, like this was really something important
Yeah, and I heard you laughing, and I was laughing too, I couldn't believe that these people were calling
And it sounded like America around
Yeah
And anyway, as far as gun control, they're never going to solve it
You're right, gun control is just, you know what gun control is like, it's like the Middle East thing
Like George was talking on Friday about, all of the Israelis should give the land back
Which I consider in debate that forever, there's no point in talking about it
Middle East piece is an oxymoron, it's not going to happen
Since the beginning of recorded time, those people are busy killing each other
Usually it's God's direction
So what's the point?
I mean, granted, we need to keep doing whatever little things we can do to try to make it a little bit better
But you're never going to really solve the problem because it's already great as a part of a American society
It's part of the American psyche, they love their guns, they want their guns
Very swisher there, he goes to the airport in Dallas, he's got a gun in his goddamn suitcase
Well, you know, he forgot, yeah, he's a good old boy, he loves his piece
560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line, whatever it is, we got Hank Goldberg at 2
We got your man to get 6th, we got the Marlon to the Cubs
Later on tonight, anybody interested?
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir, yeah, I was calling with your concerns about your computer being ready for Y2TA
Yes I am
What you could do is go ahead and just change the data on the computer and it'll tell you like on one of my programs that says enter a valid state
I know I have to get an upgrade for that program but you just want to test the system itself, just change the data on your computer
And it'll tell you if you put in the year 2000 and it says enter a valid date, you'll know it's not ready
And if it doesn't say anything, you'll know it's fine
Okay, alrighty, I'll do it, thanks
Okay, I'll be doing it this afternoon and I can come in and pitch him out tomorrow on my computer crash
And you back your stuff up anyway, don't you?
Yeah, okay
So even if it does crash, who cares?
Right
But you just got to tell me before I don't have to work, I've got to go
You go, compact Presario, that I bought about a year ago
Right
Huh?
It's okay
But why don't they tell you that?
Why don't I know that?
Do they tell you that?
Did anybody say, oh guess what, this is already Y2K compliant and it's been updated and you won't have to
I figured on some things
But it's like it's the whole part of the big talk that's been going on for years when they figured out that
This was a problem with the older computers, yeah, and that's the bottom line
But you were being figured out that I thought you have?
What is it?
Like that piece of garbage you got?
Right, exactly
That packet of LT-Cigarette
I'm going to have to put that out back on New Year's Eve
I already put it out back once, that's you went in the garbage and you took it up
5,670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line
You're kind of like my maid, you know, anything I'm going to throw out, anything she finds anywhere near the trash
Oh, you don't want to throw that out, you don't want that, I'll take it
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Hey, that's gotten that to call it up earlier about the statistics, the 11,000 violations and only 13 prosecuted
Yeah
Well, on CNN this morning he got that out of the CNN or something
Oh, they're right wingers have been permitting that thing for weeks now
Ever since the Colorado shooting they've been repeating that same statistic over and over again
Well this morning on CNN they had this law of the year guy from the NRA
Right
It was only 6,000 this morning so we've gotten an extra 5,000 since this morning's newscast
And what they don't tell you is that 13 prosecuted were the only federal violations
You know, they don't blame a prosecutor state violation
Right, that's right
They got it right
Most of them are not at the federal level, that's absolutely correct
I mean, you know, they just put them there, it's more political
You know, I remember when I was kid, NRA was gun safety, now I tell
That's the how much money we can make
Right
How many wars is this guy, this president of NRA been in?
I mean, I didn't know he had smelled death, he don't know what it's like
Yeah
Well, he's a politician, he's not a...
Yeah, this has to go, he's the only war he's been in the movie
Okay, have a great day pal
Okay
Yeah, this Wayne Loppier guy, this guy's making around
He's done every one of the talking head shows that just goes on and on
Well, you can't have a rational debate with these people, these are crazy people
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the on the AT&T wireless line
Is it interesting that there's so many of the same people who are the God people
And the fetus people, all, you know, the same agenda
Crazy people
Oh, by the way, they're getting back to Governor Booch
I'm not going to re-else the column for tomorrow
But over the weekend Steve Bosch and I heard that a great column
Auto tag could cost Jeb Deerly
Governor Jeb Bush is about to use a valuable goodwill with Floridians
And give Democrats a much needed ammunition
All because of two little words, choose life
Bush will soon sign it a law, a license plate with that slogan
Which supporters say promotes adoption, but which critics see as a thinly-veiled anti-abortion sloganering
The idea sounds so innocuous yet it is emotionally supercharged
And will cost Bush dearly in terms of his popularity
Yes
Because now he's taking off the mask, he's showing us for exactly what he is
Which I knew right there, you know, a leopard can't change his spot
He's a right-wing fanatic
Choose life on a license plate made by the God damn state of Florida
And there are assholes out there, oh we didn't understand what's wrong with that
Next thing though, you know they'll be coming out with a bumper sticker with a license plate that says choose guns
God, I'm gagging on it
56070560, 0.560
And beat that gator me
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rightful Association
Let's face, most of us will never be rich
Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressed
But as usual with every problem there is a solution
560705605
I'm here to tell you a little something about handgun
They scare their s**t out of people and intimidate them and they're giving you whatever you want
That's right handguns
Think about it, need some cash?
Rub a bank
You don't have enough money for beer?
Call up a convenience
Take chips and pretzels by rat
It's all free if you've got a handguns
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill her
The simple solution of life's complex problem
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Find a dancing house in the street just buy a lot of handguns
It's a great alternative to working problems out and be considered a population control
Yes, handguns, they just might make you think
Why would you play that so whole show every day for the next year?
This is on an endless loop
And see, America what they like to do is they like to ring their hands and have a lot of funerals
And a lot of people crying and we see it on the nightly news
And everybody, oh jeez, another gun was loaded and he shouldn't have left it out and Connie was just, yeah
And then it'll happen again the next day, you know
We got forbidden that anybody should do something about that
Here's a fact from Aaron by the way, age 20 says you're full of cramps George
He says, Star Wars is a sci-fi space soap opera
If you like the first three installments
I didn't enjoy the Phantom Menace then you sir have fallen for the hype
Star Wars is a fantasy adventure movie
What did everyone expect? Is everyone gone mad?
If you watch the first three you'll notice the story wasn't great
The acting was poor and the dialogue was below average
What made Star Wars great was it was ahead of its time
Oh, I noticed that Aaron had a letter ahead of the award it's
And then he crossed it out
You think it might have been a T in front of it?
Well, nevertheless
It was ahead of it, it's time
The special effects were something no one had ever seen before
The first three had a magical feeling that I believe the Phantom Menace most definitely captured
So basically it didn't like it, you didn't get it
It's not for you, et cetera, and so on
Hype hype, whatever that means
I've seen it twice, I called earlier
I have, well that was him that called before
I have a life, I didn't dress up for movie openings
I don't purchase Lucas, Arthur, merchandise
Don't even buy their so-called refreshments that cost $100 a colonel
But Star Wars was entertainment, pure fun
If you want plot, read Tom Clancy since Aaron's 20 years old
How do you like that?
Huh?
The acting was crappy
There were no characters except-
Oh, anybody in the movie that had big it's?
Huh?
Yeah, Jabba
He said it was good
He's a kid
And it's supposed to be for kids
What, there you go
What did I tell you last week?
When you said you were going to go now granted it was a freebie and so on
But what did I say?
This isn't for you, this movie is for kids
But I'm an overgrown kid, I can enjoy it on a juvenile level
It was crappy
Except for that light saber fight
Yeah
Uh oh, I better shut up now
Yeah, you better shut up because now you got real problems on your angel costellar just can
And he just went to services by the way with Jeff Gordon
Just got baptized again, he stuck it in the water
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the on the AT&T wireless line
Here's the mobile and four-lawterdale, hello
I'm going to nail how you doing
Okay sir
Glad you're feeling better
I'm feeling great, ever since I had that visit from JP at noontime I feel fantastic
I'm feeling great
You know, it's funny that the government is very conflicting
First of all, they'll take you in the military at 18, put a gun in your hands and you overseas
Yes
And allow you to tell anybody you want to
Right, they can't buy packets to your rats or a bottle of beer, right?
Absolutely, because I was in the military and I found that very confusing that when you're on base
You can't even go in and buy a beverage
How do you like that?
You can fight for your country but you can't buy an alcoholic beverage
But on the other hand, we will take you as a teenager
And in Florida, for example, at 15 years old
Yeah
Give you a learner's permit, put you behind the wheel of whatever size automobile it is
Right
And let you go out and kill whoever you want
Absolutely correct
You know, and then, you know, more kids or people
Old and young have been killed by automobiles, then they were all by guns
And they're not doing anything there, they're not hucking a china as you say
To do anything about that to restrict the drivers
You know, you've talked about it on your show a few times about how these older people
Seeing your citizens
Oh
Nursing home
Right
Can go out
Can go out
I said nursing home
Get a driver's license, renew their license for four years or more
Without taking an eye exam with an an eye exam
So I want to tell you something, there are people in their mid and late 80s
Who because they don't get a ticket because they almost never drive, thank God
They get a six-year renewal in the mail from the state of Florida
They get a six-year license renewal in the mail
These are people who could be blind, they could be deaf, they could be completely, they could be whatever
And they get a license for six years in the mail
Well, you know, I have a friend that works at the license division in the North Day Justice Center in Miami
Yeah
And you see those old people that live over in that adventure era
Come in there
They come out and they're taking the eye exam there
And I mean, they give them three, four, five chances
What's that big letter either in the middle?
Can you tell me what that is?
There in the middle, that real big one, it's about 60, so, ah, what is it?
And of course they're not even looking, they're looking at the wrong wall
Because they can't see which wall the chart is on
You know, it's funny
There's not going to be, you're right, there's never going to be a simple solution to gun control
Because nobody's ever going to give them up
But what we got to look back at is these walls that were being...
You know what that would be like, that would be like if tomorrow Congress tried to pass a bill to outlaw hot dogs and hamburgers
There's as much chance that real serious gun control legislation will ever pass
It's part of the American mentality, it's never going to go away
Yeah, oh, I definitely agree
But you know what, that's the society that we live in like you said
It's the American have it in our way
That's what you're shopped, that's right
Yeah, it's the American have it in a way
We know it, have a great day, and you'll glad you're feeling better
And thanks a lot
What do we get in the mail, George?
Anthony, good, I see we got a disc there, that's good
Yeah, well what's in the big pile?
It's got your name on it, and it's pretty big
It's big?
I'm wearing the like medium size myself
5670560, pound 560, I'm the AT&T wireless line
I mean, you know, it makes for a good verbal, whatever
I'll just talk about these things
But that's all it is, it's just talk
Because it's America man
And God forbid that anybody in America should say
Hey, guess what? This isn't the very civilized place that we're living in
Which I haven't told you for years, it's a slaughterhouse
Oh, you can't say that, because then you want patriotic
And God, everyone knows what kind of flag you might be hanging from the review mirror
But what is that? That's right
Communist, communist, nice flag from Cuba or Puerto Rico, by the way, or Brazil
Oh yeah, they're having a big to do about that
I noticed in Broward County certain areas about what kind of flags
People are displaying it or business
Oh my God, this should be the most important thing that we got to worry about
First we had a Fag problem, now we got a flag problem
Christ, here's Voka, hello
Voka
Yes?
Yeah, hi, Neil
Yes sir, speak to me
Yeah, just as a comment, I was just totaled on a motorcycle by a 95-year-old man
The first comment was, did I hear you?
Have the nerve to plead not guilty to the ticket
And the judge had to let him off because he technically was written up as following two clothes
And it seems the technicality of the law is that if one vehicle is stopped, which I was, it's an inappropriate ticket
So because the cop didn't know the law, the sky, 95 years old, got a lot to do it again
Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi
In addition to which I'd like to ask you opinion, I've been robbed twice at gunpoint
Once in New York, and once here in far right in Bokers Town
Yes
And I do have a carry permit and I have several guns
Right
You have likely in around the house somewhere?
No, they're in a lock safe for $4,000 safe
Yes
My comment is that the police in both cases told me that I was on my own to defend myself in their absence
Well, they're too busy writing tickets
Except the 94-year-old guy is at knock you off your motorcycle
Could you give me a reasonable solution other than people having to defend yourself?
Yes, sir, I will see you at the passport office about 4 o'clock
Good luck, sir
Well, I mean, he's laughing, but that's the answer
If you want a solution, you move to a place where the people are barbarians and not everybody's running around
It's one shoot each other
And we don't have a bunch of crazy people out there holding up liquor stores and convenience stores
And shooting up the neighborhood and killing little kids and each other
And so that's the answer
In America, there is no answer and there's never going to be any
Oh, gee, I would say that well, it's the truth
It's the truth
And like I said before, they let the guy in the Indians just add, I mean, if they let the Palestinians have casino gambling like they did with the Indians
Maybe they could pacify him for a little while
They got the perfect setting
What's more perfect than a casino in the desert?
Oh!
Huh?
Work for my orlansky like a charm and bug the seagull
Oh!
Work for them
Why can't it work over there?
I say like you said on Friday
Let's get the Jews and the herbs together
Okay? The Jews can handle the business and the things and the herbs can handle the uh...
The...
They know they can handle the clothing
Yeah, the entertainment, the dress code
Oh, and by the way, it's an interesting point that you missed, you know, the herbs are pissed off
The only problem being that these crazy herbs that terrorists over there
They don't attack the people that are responsible
They blow up little kids in buses, they blow up planes with people who are totally uninvolved
You know, like innocent bystanders, so it's a good idea
Like you said, don't get them pissed off
Because they do avarant barbaric things
Maybe that's why they dress like that
I'll release their circumspect
21 before 2 at 560 WQA
MF
Ford's back radio WQL
That's so s**t
This is the...
Yeah
I'm laying on a blanket in the nice floor of the gun
A bikini is what I wear
You better watch out for the glare
Yeah, I've been cooped up covered up all with your long nails
Tossing my fun
You know, the one sure sign it's springtime
Is the side of my behind
When I lay out today
I hope the stream has grown away
When they lay in the down and the back
My face is wide-spied
Please don't seem right
How can anything be that wide
Hot in water than the federal state
But it's a little wide and weeping
It's a wide size
Oh, my rail
Oh, it's a wide, it's a wide size
You're just proud of me
You're just like a blind
Wait, wait until I'm in the hide
Of my pasty wide size
I'm in the green through the way
Cause I need to be rich
Like a teacher from Japan
And I'm in the need of sand
Look from the results of my land
I want to drive like a crippled pig
I want to pass and that's the deal
I just told my don't start to be gay
Howard, howard, howard
What I really thought, 145
See somebody out of the hotel ACN
That met every station in America playing shot-kick in music
Send that over to KISS
And KISS this
All those country western song parodies
That really blew up in the center
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wildo
They can't all be great
Here's Carl Springs
Hello
Carl Springs
Hello, I'm here
Yes sir, speak to me
Neil, I just wanted to say on the gun control issue
I'm a former N.I. member
I just over the assault weapons issue
But I do feel that people should have the right to have a handgun
Only for one reason
I grew up in a neighborhood
That was filled with a lot of Jewish refugees from World War II
Oh yeah
And you know I would hear stories as a child
They would say you know when the Nazis came up the stairs
They wished they had guns
To defend themselves
And I think the Warsaw ghetto uprising proves that as well
I got 901
How about we just have the Jews have guns?
Well, that would be my choice
Okay
But that's the side
Okay, sounds good to me
But the point of even the play of the U.S. government might not come and do that
Well, if you talk to the average German Jew in 1931
They were landing a Hitler as being a Charlie Chaplin like figure
Sir, I got news for a plenty of those Germans do exactly what he was all about
And they were loving it
They sucked it up like there was no tomorrow
But I'm just saying exactly what he was all about
If somebody is going to come and get me and drag my family out
I want to have a reasonable chance to defend myself
Well, you do understand that if this, if we have to see what they keep calling a rogue government
They're not going to come at you with BB guns
They're not going to come at you with handguns
Of course
Of course, I'm trying to get you out of here
I was Duke, as asked the people in Waco
Yeah
No, I understand that
But the point is I do feel that a person is responsible for defending themselves
I'm not saying you're not a hunter
In life you have to make choices
And you have to look at balance
Is there a greater chance that we're going to lose thousands and thousands of more young and other innocent people
Because of the proliferation of every kind of gun
Is there a greater chance of that
Or is there a greater chance that this so-called rogue government is going to take over this country?
Is there any questions? Is the answer to that question?
I agree that you're absolutely correct
However, I also think that, you know, the proliferation of guns is so great
And ubiquitous that we will do
That is the path to tomorrow that people who are like me, I'm a law-buying citizen
They tell me to turn it in, I'll go turn it in
But it's a very least, so I'm not suggesting that that's going to happen
But it's a very least, don't you agree that you have to be responsible if somebody's going to let you have a gun?
Absolutely
I think you have to be responsible and if you have children, I think you have to be responsible to train them as well
And I have friends that have children have handguns in the house
And the kids never have a problem, so it goes back to professional response
You don't buy a car any illegal alien gets off a banana boat
If they got enough money or somebody gives them some money, they can go and buy a car
They can get a driver's license, they can get a registration, they can go out there in a highway
And they can, like the guy said before, go out and maybe kill a few people
No problem at all, but at least there are a few steps in the middle though, you got to take a test, you got to go through, you know, get a registration and a license
They have that meal, huh?
If they had a thing where you have to take a class, like you do to carry it in field weapons
I'd be all for it
Okay, see you in class
See you at Hebrew school
Well, I know that's what we're going to do, we're going to solve the problem, all the Jews are going to have guns
How do you like that?
How?
And are you going? Now, like I said, it levels the playing field
And Spargers, definitely no guns for Spargers
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8, well, OJ was creative, he found another way
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8, 05, 5, 6, 8, on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Hollywood, hello
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir
I just saw a topic of the OJ, he was just on
Did you see the interview last night with his girlfriend's mom?
No
Is the girlfriend's mom?
Oh, man, didn't see that?
She was not having a real...
No, they haven't really had a real...
I crap, yeah, she's all been out of shape
Right, the girl is dying her hair now, and acting just like Nicole just for him
And she was down her visiting him, and actually witnessed OJ doing products in front of them
And saying that drugs were cool
The Otters, nothing we've been reading about the co-captain
Not even that, exactly
And also there was a fight between the daughter and the girlfriend
Right, and that's all news, that's been in the tabloids for weeks, you've got to read those tabloids, man
Anyway, so what I'm getting at is that OJ said, Mommy is dead
Yeah, that's what he told her, the daughter
Don't worry about Mommy, Mommy is dead
Paul Smith, that was kind of appalling to me
Well, he's appalling to begin with, he's got no shame, no guilt, no shame
I know
And he runs around here with our friend
Rawr
Some of the other assholes that work in this place, and we're pretty pissed off about it
I saw him at the golf course, I worked at about two weeks ago, he was down there
And I wanted to take the fan away, John
Good luck, pal
Good luck to us
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Like I said, our good buddy
Rawr
Goes out to dinner with his scumbag, we got people like got his pictures up on the wall in this place
We got an OJ shrine down the hall here
They never met a gangster, they didn't like, they never met a murderer they didn't like
And especially if it's the next jock
Oh my god, then just bringing that jock strap and let's lick it and gather around and have a goddamn party with it
You're disgusting, peace it turns you, you know what I'm saying?
Rawr
Don't be complaining about this anymore, bloody oozing stools
Because like I told you before, God works in mysterious ways
Randy Rose left us a couple of those at IOD
Well, they weren't stools, they were cheers
It's a 9-till-2 at 560 WQM, he wants some action in this town, God Almighty
Who the hell does it?
This is the most boring, deadly goddamn place
But
There's always Hollywood 7-O Gaming
See we treated the Indians right here
That's right, we don't have a big song in a dance like the Seneca Indians up there in New York
Because we got the Hollywood Seminole Gaming Place
