Yeah!
Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show!
Oh right!
Talk to Neil called 560-0560 toll free for date and rowered, or pound 560 on yourself.
Oh, there are the opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob.
It is so huge.
I'm the farthest telly, and I'm dead.
Not some kind of doctor-dammit, but if you don't want to be dead, then you don't smoke
wax.
With the proper exercise, you'll never die.
That's where I come in.
Damn it!
With my new chain of exercise facilities.
That call, but he's dead, Jim.
Oh, by the way, tells Shatner's wife says, thanks for the dive and listen.
And that reminds me of one other thing.
And ever he's dead, Jim.
We feature an Olympic-sized pool in the Seas Dead, Jim.
That's where we provide a firm hand on your head to test your underwater breathing skills.
You don't want to wind up looking like Neymor.
Why, at that point, it aired you.
Be yourself right in.
Do the...
Get it, Jim.
Get it.
One day, dear.
One day, dear.
One day, dear.
One day, dear.
One day, dear.
One day, dear.
I'm a jubilant church.
This is the precon of the news.
You're asking me now.
I'll gladly tell you some more.
Because I'm one day, dear.
I'm a jubilant church.
I'm a jubilant church.
I'm a jubilant church.
One day, dear.
One day, dear.
Isn't that amazing how you can go from lacking somebody a whole lot to despising them like poison?
Anyway, it's 10.02 at 5.50 WQM.
No, he used to be our buddy.
He was our pal and the old IOD news department on a station where we had a news department.
And then he went to work at Channel 7, which was next to our course in those days to IOD.
And he worked there for about five minutes.
And when we started here, memory came down on the second floor a couple of times, I think,
to say, hello, he's our good pal.
And then all of a sudden, he was the pimp for Mayor Pinga.
And all of a sudden, we didn't like him so much.
And then after I saw him on there last night, he's like the parrot on the shoulder.
You notice that?
You know how like people that have a little pet monkey, they walk around in the monkey stays under his shoulder?
That's what he's like to the mayor.
30 seconds.
30 seconds.
The mayor is astanely by.
The mayor's going to take a dump right now.
Okay, here we go.
The mayor's going to cut one.
There you go.
And then he'll tell you one.
He'll tell you what flavor it is, too.
So anyway, we're just about out of the woods.
I don't want to give you any premature evaluations.
And there is our good buddy, Don.
No, nice job, Don.
And once again, we look out.
It looks like we're going to squeak our way through one more time.
This reminds me of Hurricane, wasn't it David that was sitting out there off the coast a few years ago?
We sat there on March kind of the same thing.
Not as big and as dangerous.
But didn't David do pretty much the same thing?
And then a kick to Mass Up and Palm Beach counties are recall.
But you sit there and you watch this gigantic big humongous blob.
And they keep telling you with all of them with some confidence.
Not 100% confidence, but the people from the National Weather Hurricane Center keeps telling you,
you know, this is what the models say this and the models say that.
I wonder if they were like male models or female models they were talking to.
Because you know about those male models are mostly, yeah.
But at any rate, Don.
No, number one, baby.
Our good close personal friends with whom we have this desire relationship that only last two days we find out about.
Although I guess you found out about it at one time when I was in vacation, the hard way.
The hard way.
And just, oh yeah, we all got to go home and put Channel Tenna.
And you know the amazing part of this?
Speaking of that, once great, that wants a real new station, WI-D.
They actually put the channel, I believe six.
They have another one of these bogus partner deals.
This is the new deal in radio.
A war in news station, but we can't really afford a full-time news outfit here in a news stand.
So we're just going to open up a pot and stick a goddamn TV station's audio on here.
That's them.
I mean, for us to do that, of course you'd expect us to do that because we don't have a news department.
We don't have a weather wire. We don't have a news wire.
We don't have anything.
In a studio, we don't have a window to see what's going on outside.
It could be drappin' nuclear weapons across the street.
And by the way, they're not drappin' nuclear weapons, Chuck.
Our good buddy Chuck over at the sub-center.
I'm driving to work this morning, and I see he's got it all boarded up there.
He's got all the shutters up, and then right next to it,
I'm the stadium diners all boarded up.
We'd like to find out if there's anybody open for business today,
including some of our friends that might bring us some lunch today for some of us who are going to be working like regular show today.
Life goes on.
I mean, I'm not saying that they did anything prematurely because when you had that big blob out there,
I think it was handled fairly well as far as evacuating and those kinds of things.
In fact, some of the people up there in the parts of Broward like in Sunrise,
Tamarack Del Rey, they evacuated for the first time in years.
Yeah, some of the people on the beach like in Hellendale,
they're still having a tough time evacuating, but they're working on it.
Little Metamusel, you'll be okay.
I'm not saying there was anything wrong with that,
but I think that we saw the mayor, Mayor Pingha and Governor Booch,
and that God damn fascist Ken Jenny just a few times too many.
A few times too many for that Nazi Ken Jenny.
That's what I could see in all my luck.
But who did the best job last night?
There he is on my TV right now, Don.
No, the eye of the storm is out.
That's why Don, I dropped it here.
That's what I'm looking for.
Yeah, that's right.
We'll pop that audio in there once in a while.
I want to go to the core of the storm right here.
Anyway, here's the cord that's 25.4 North 76.2 West Longitude,
150 miles an hour, moving 14 miles west northwest,
soon to be moving north by the way, according to what Don.
No.
255 miles east of Miami.
In fact, it's almost, it's just a little bit south of
New East of Miami already.
And you assholes out there, over on the beaches?
See, they were just had a piece on it a little while ago,
I don't think you were watching.
But they had a piece about how the cops are going out there,
you know, whatever they call the beach patrols,
and they're out there with their microphones.
Get out of the water, you assholes, and they're giving them a citation.
It's 50 bucks if you're out there in the water.
It's against the law.
You'll be given a citation.
I don't think they should give them a citation.
I think they should give them one warning, and then, you know,
take care of business.
Get out of the water, you crazy bastard, you.
What is wrong, you know, see, time like this always.
It brings out the best in some people,
but it also focuses that big spotlight in the sky
on the real assholes out there.
You know, the assholes that are out there at the beach right now
surfing and just acting like assholes?
Oh, I won't come in, I won't come in.
No, I won't let you say, I won't come in.
Okay, stay in drown.
Okay, we don't give a crap, then we don't have to mess with the body.
But there's always going to be in just like the people
who behave like assholes at home depot,
and at the supermarkets, and went overboard.
And by the way, I hate to break the news to you.
Like I said, I'm going to give all the kudos that are due to the people in the media,
because, boy, the television people work,
they're still working around the clock.
Great job. That's what live TV is all about.
That's what we can finally say something good about them,
which rarely happens, but we can actually say that it is a great job.
Only we could have said the same here.
What we were about. Ball game.
That's what Gary Sarner told me coming up the elevator this morning.
We're not about that. We're about ball games.
But anyway, IOD, which used to be in those great glory days
when we had a real news department,
and we had all these other fine people working there, including us.
You could depend on us.
We'd probably doubled our audience during Hurricane Andrew back in 92,
because the facts were coming in,
and the phone calls were coming in with closings and openings, et cetera, and so on.
Are we getting into that here? No. No.
No, because, like I said yesterday, this would be the last place
anybody with a half a brain would tune into
if there was any kind of an emergency going on.
Whether emergency, World War IV, I mean, any of these things.
Would anybody with a brain tune in here? No. No.
Sports emergency. Oh, yeah, right.
That's right. Have I thought about that?
Like the pyramutials are closed today. Oh, oh.
Oh, that's bad.
And that Panther game over there in Fort Myers canceled tonight.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not going to let this sports emergency too bad about that.
That's right. These are the important things in life.
Of course, that's often when last night, you know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah. That's it. I watched five minutes of that.
Because I don't know about you, but I was busy.
I got home before 1 o'clock yesterday, and from one till about 11
with an exception of a trip to Amaco to get some soda
and make sure I had a full tank of gas.
With an exception to that, I was glued to all these different channels
back and forth and forth and back.
Whether Channel 467 and 10.
Whether Channel, by the way, did not do a good job this time.
Not, no, not really. Not good at all.
Way behind. They were given the two o'clock advisory came in.
Like it always does about a quarter of our 10 minutes before the hour.
Sometimes sooner than that, they release it.
They were given the 11 o'clock advisory,
215 in the afternoon on the weather channel.
Not good. Okay. Not good.
One time our local channels out showing the weather channel by a million miles.
Nice going, Don.
No.
And a lot of you other guys, which I'll mention.
Like I said, you have credit where credit is due.
Backstreet boys can't, concert cancel tonight and again tomorrow night.
We scheduled for December 5th and 6th.
So I guess it's not a big deal. I didn't get my tickets right away, right?
Ten minutes after 10 at 560 WQMR.
He's that gator me.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
What you could explain to me.
Why are they still opening up new shelters?
And why are they still doing this evacuation thing?
In otheruyor to it last night.
Not saying we're completely out
of words as far as some damage is concerned miles
Really if you're over there on the beaches you don't want to be there.
They're gonna get the worst of the wind and rain.
But why complains up there?
that to me you think? No. No, I don't understand it. My like under reacting is that what I'm doing
because I live away out there in West Broward. She want to think about West Broward. The weather usually
sucks if it rains anywhere. It rains by me. We get flooded because there's no storm sewers out
there in the acres. But on the other hand, by the same token, at least we don't have to worry about
storm surge and et cetera and so on. Not that we want you to feel bad if you live away out there in
the east, but get out of the water. Will your plays get out of the water? You assholes you. So if we
just something I'm thinking about maybe over there at Atlantic City, so maybe Brad over there at
Tonys because we know our friend Chuck and we understand Chuck you've got your life investment
there in a business. You're a good guy. Good people over there and you're right out here wide
open. I mean exposed to the elements right by the stadium God forbid. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello.
Mobile in Pompano. Hello. Yes, sir. Nearly sent all the letter carriers and all the
close to work at home at 10 o'clock this morning. There's no mail service in all of South Florida.
How come they just got through San on 10 and must be lying that there was going to be a mail
delivery in Broward. I'm a letter carrying. I'm on my way home and so is everybody for my office.
We got it to call at 9 o'clock from division saying get everybody out of the building at home.
Okay. Well, thanks for your news. Have a great day. You too. Have a good time. Bye.
Don't like you too though. Can't stand them. But anyway, there's the letter carriers. No mail today.
So I don't have to worry about getting any bills in a mail today. That's good news. Let's hear it. All right.
Excellent news. I hear the phone ringing in there. Who you talking to? Are you calling somebody
that might be open today? Somebody that might bring us some food? See, because quite frankly,
I mean, yeah, it was a little windy and raining and I'm sure because we have no window in here.
We're like in an interior studio with four very ugly blank wall. We love from TOTES.
All right. Let's get some pieces. Let's get the food for everybody because obviously people are
going to be isolated here today. And as usual, if we can't do anything else good on New Show,
we'll get food for everybody. We'll feed the joint or we'll smoke it one or the other. By the way,
you four bastards over there in the islands. Yeah, man. Oh, well, that'll teach you. I guess it's
God's way of showing that when you when you do the things that you've done to the tourists over the
years, when you're raping pillage the tourists, when you treat people like crap, like you've done
any years over there in the Bahamas, say he may be a little slow getting to you. But sooner or
later, the Lord don't mucky around. Okay. Oh, God. It's taking care of you today. Not that we
wish you any physical harm or anything like that. But you know, it's been nice knowing you.
Here's Parine. Hello. Hey, man. What's up, man? Yes, sir. Just thoughts, man. About what?
Well, we want to storm the hit down here, man. So we can go loop, man. Yeah, that's I never
thought about that. Yeah. He's a king of man. Right. Right. You're pissing out island people, man.
What is it? No, I'm saying I'm just like that, man. We don't I'm gonna catch a belt on
what I'm going to loot over there. Go over and loot in the islands, man. They'll be great.
You'll have a hell of a time. Yeah, that's a very good point. It's a bad day for the looters because
that just like back during Andrew, how about anybody getting ripped off out there? Anybody getting
gouged? You think they were doing price gouging in the Bahamas. But of course, they got a lot of
practice doing that. They've been gouging us for years, for centuries. So they have practice
makes perfect. They're just gouging their own people now. Yeah, you price gougers. Boy, I'll tell
you one thing. If I found out that people were like overcharging because people are desperate,
I'd throw their ass in jail right now. I wouldn't even wait till Ann Al-Sunshine
start waving his goddamn fat arms, his ham-hawks. I would throw them in and I'd throw them in
jail with the surfers, you know? That's room in the same cell because you know about those
surfers, don't you? Five, they're like your wrestlers. Five, six, seven, oh five,
60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's see if we've got any audience here today or
if everybody's overreacting. I mean, looks to me like we're gonna squeak through this thing. It's
all about when you live right like those of us here in South Florida. They look after you.
They look down on you and make sure that nothing real too bad happens. All of seven years ago,
we scoot up a little bit, but never to last. Can you imagine if you were her? And I'm sure we've
got a lot of you out there that survived the worst to live in South Aide back during Hurricane
Andrew seven years ago. Can you imagine what those people, especially people who have built new homes?
What they're thinking about? Not necessarily down there because most people relocated.
But boy, just visions of sugar plums especially looking at one that's like three, four times the
size of Andrew. And at one point, you know, the thing was so big, so vivid and massive that you're
looking at it and you're thinking, okay, so it's gonna change direction and we have these people
sound very authoritative, although they're a little bit, they're waffling a little bit, but nevertheless,
they sound and we see these steering currents, you know, with this front coming down from Canada.
But you're thinking how can something that vivid and massive just miss us, you know what I'm saying?
If it doesn't start turning pretty god damn soon, so I set my alarm, I woke up 530 this morning,
I flipped on my TV, I saw the thing was moving like we weren't gonna get the worst of it.
And by the way, somebody better tell Mayor Penga that Brunt means like the major thrust.
He's first of all, he now he's a meteorologist, the mayor. Secondly,
somebody ought to brush him up on his English a little bit because he's using words that he
know, no comprande, okay? You stupid asshole, you silly little spick.
He didn't Brunt something you're doing football. Brams with punt.
And 5670560, pound 560, yeah, shunt and the one mediator, that's the other part.
Here's a mobile in Tamarack, hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Great. I gotta tell you that I disagree.
Roland Stedem is a Mooron. Why is that? Oh my god, he came in yesterday, he had on his glasses
instead of contacts, he'd been up all night, rolled up his sleeves, he was saying, well,
you know, I have faith and I really, I'm optimistic because of my faith, I'm like,
Jesus. Did he say that? He said that. I'm like, this guy is hawking a china, he's, he's
worse in Norcrosses. He has, no, I don't agree with you. I think that the stuff that I saw
I'm doing was pretty decent, but that's, I will say this, when he started talking about his family
and he's got a large family and we have him shopping and just like for Dwight Fort Lauderdale
was on air last night, they were showing tapes of his house from Hurricane Andrew, overhead views
of the house and the before and the after it, who cares about Dwight Lauderdale's fricking house,
you know, we're worried about our own houses. Don Schroell, he was okay, I'd give him credit for
being the best, but Roland Stedem thumbs down. Now what about Miss Kamala on channel seven?
I don't even watch that cross dresser. He was pretty good. You think so? He was pretty good,
I'll love the red pants, so we're dead giveaway, you're right, okay, pal, have a great day.
He did, thank God this morning Bill Kamala ditched the red pants, okay, those clown pants,
he did a good job though. I didn't like that too much of those same graphics though, you know,
the hit, the big hit, he was taking a big hit. Yeah, I'm on.
Is what he said or something that Ryan would big hit. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, let's hear from some places
that are open for business today, I will give you a free plug. Or you can call up a laugh
and because somebody, somebody sent me a copy of the article that I missed from the
Harold Burry Jackass, his 825th in the series of articles about WAFN, Reddies for Wants on Monday,
this was 827, the day after one of occasion, which I had missed this article. Thank you for sending
this to me by the way. Got some real good laughs out of this. Oh yeah, this is a real panic,
and about how the sponsors are calling them and advertisers are calling them and droves.
They're calling them and droves and the WQM is narrow in its scope,
although I sure go along with that, but they're even narrower.
In many day parts, callers are insulted and their opinions are thrown in the waste paper basket.
Oh right. We say, how do you do that? That's what we're all about. It's called entertainment.
QY Amlisters are alienated. They won't be with us. No, they'll feel very special over there at
1700, because they'll be the only ones listening you moron. Nice going to our Burry Jackass,
the 5,000th in a 25,000-part series to promote a guy named Phantom Radio Station that nobody knows
about, except Greg Reed wants to pull up his belt and put another notch in it. What's to put
another notch in it? So he can tell everybody, there's another station I knocked off. I did it, I did it.
Okay, let me tell you about a place where they're doing it in Nixigars. I have a feeling that
because of the storm, that even though it's Tuesday, well, I don't know. See, we don't know,
because none of our salespeople is bothered to give us any information about any of our people,
whether they're open, whether they're closed, whether they're doing the usual stuff. I don't know.
Because like I said, we're in a vacuum. Gary Sarner did tell me, by the way, that we're very special
here, or a special case, or something about special ed. But in any rate, Nixigars were ordinarily on
Tuesdays and Wednesdays. You go down there. I can't vouch for today. You mentioned you'll send me
and it'll give you 10% discount on all the cigars you buy and the accessories, the humidor's, all the
good stuff that goes along with it. If you see guys, Nixigants, Subtles, and whatever the heck it is,
and the people that call in, they're just like them, like that they were on the year. What a call
at the week and they're high and they're high on the year. It's terrible. For years that I've been
looking at listening to 610 and this year. And it's terrible. I would agree. 1031 and 560,
not a lot of response here today. I guess maybe we'll just throw on Channel 10 a little bit on
there today. It could pass very close. That's the easy way. I thought maybe we'd have a captive
audience here today to listen to, because almost everybody is off at school. Everybody's
off at work. I thought we'd have a big captive audience. We cheer all of everybody's experiences
out there. I don't want to hear from anybody by the way who's pissed off that they went and did
something because if you did too much, you're the asshole. If you went overboard and you got
panicky and hysterical, then you're the idiot. Because I think generally speaking and it's very
rare for me to say anything good about anybody in the media as you know, but I think generally
speaking, they've done a spectacular job. Only wish that we could have done it here.
Of course, we've got a lot of people running around here, but the only thing they know is
of ball games. We were discussing that this morning, George and I. We have 4,250 people running
around this building, most of them under the age of 10, by the way. But nevertheless,
do they know anything about anything besides ball games? No. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes. I want to second your vote on Don Know that. He's accurate. Since
there, he's a good guy. I believe him more than any of the others. He's got credibility. He
doesn't hyperventilate. He doesn't say. And he uses very clear graphics on air. He makes it very,
you know, and again, it's a very imprecise thing and they're not as sure, but at least he gives you
a feeling of confidence that he knows what he's talking about. Yeah. Norcross, he's trying to
smooth up to the old folks. He's always trying to make them feel better about it. Yeah, he doesn't
want to give me any information. He just wants to tell you a patch on ahead and say it's going to be all right.
I want him to give you the real thing. Yeah, keep it. And the media in general, they just don't
know when to quit with a damn thing. It was over by that. Well, it was over at 5.30 this morning,
basic. I don't agree with that. We're out of the woods then. I mean, you could see the thing
was turning north just like everybody had predicted. And we're sitting pretty. It's like looking for
your car keys and you find them, but you keep looking for them. I don't agree with you on that. I
keep in mind not everybody has the luxury or the time or the inclination to be sitting there
glued to it, watching it hour after hour after hour. If you're doing that, it gets very repetitious.
And you're saying, how can you keep giving us this stuff? But, you know, people come in and out
and a couple of minutes they turn it on to get the information they want about the airport
closings about this, about that. I don't have any problem with that. Well, they can do all that
pretty much just with a crawler. They don't have to. Yeah, that's true. They could be crawling it.
Yeah. Five. Oh, I agree. 100% with Don. No, though. He's the hell of a guy. He is. He's the best.
That's a great thing. We all love Don. Yes, we do. Don't we? No. Don.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Everybody calm down like I told you yesterday.
Just stay calm like me. Don't get all worked up into a frenzy. Get all panicky. Okay. There's
nothing worth it. A bunch of panic people. This very jackass column. God, this really cracks me up.
The bout Scott Kaplan and Sid Rosenberg, the two live Jews that got on the
Somalcasting their internet show, which isn't even a live sports show between 10 and 2, but better
than than us. When the erudgers on WQA, I'm Scott and Sid will be the only sports you're
on at that time. Call out to you and said whatever this guy's name is. If there's a press conference
from 10 to 2, you'll hear it on our station. He said, like I said, better you than us. Press conferences.
There you go. Back with Barry again. Barry who has never written the award after all his
hysteria about Chris Moron going off the ear and me coming over here two years ago, never
written the award about the gigantic ratings on the show and the fact that we tower above all the
sports shows, not just in this station but in the whole market. Have you ever written the
word about that Barry? No. But if there's a press conference on, you'll hear it at 1700 on the
dial if you can pick it up. Great. Congratulations, guys. God, what a joke, man. This guy, this
puttwhacker, this fat-faced chipmunk piece of crap, Barry Jackass. I wonder if everybody hates him
in the goddamn world. I wonder if everybody hates you like poison, Barry. If I were you, I would
just stay home all day, close the doors and cry is what I would do because everybody hates you.
I'm sure that even the people of the Harold hate you. Everybody hates you. I hate you. Hanck
hates you. Even the guys in the morning on the station who are generally too stoned out of their
mind, especially Beepho, to know what's going on. They hate you. Greg Reed hates you, which of course
there's a one-year side. There's a little notch on your belt. Here's a mobile and Cooper City. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Like you, I'm working today. I'm on the road. There's nobody out here.
It's great. This is great. Yeah. Good trip to work this morning. Well, it's not so much I care
about my customers, but my family was driving me nuts. I had to get out of the house. Yeah, that's
good point. Disappointed about the backstreet boys. We have to take us for tonight. December
5th and 6th, I guess it is. December 5th would be tonight's show.
And Neil, don't get the surfers. The surfers wish for a tropical storm for the way.
Want to swim out there? You're nuts, but the surfers know what they're doing.
They're bunch of ansels. Well, that aside. I mean, they're ansels when they're not
a herd. Well, let me just say that if anybody, if anybody under beaches drowns out there today
and tomorrow, we're not going to we're not going to mourn about it. We're going to laugh at you.
We're going to put your name on here. We're going to sit in the laugh. But the surfers don't drown.
They know what they're doing. Okay. Neil, I believe you know, here's something to
do. I Jennifer M Floyd gives South Florida a minor blowjob. Okay. Thank you. See you.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Can we say blowjob? No, no, no job is better than some job. 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the 18 T line. Like I said, we got a captive audience. By the way, our friend Chuck
is not open for business today, but he's such a great guy that he happened to be in the joint
or doing something with a joint and called and said, oh, I'll be glad to, but that we had just
beat him to the punch with a call from our good buddy Brad over there at Tony's, which is open
today, by the way, at a hundred ninety-third Northwest Second Avenue. I get that right. Yes, I did.
We love our buddy Brad over at Tony's. We love our friends over Atlantic City's subs. We love Chuck.
We love everybody that brings us free food. Sure we do. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello.
Oh, nice talking to the lady in plantation who only waited six minutes and 28 seconds,
but it was too long for her, huh? How do you like that? Six minutes and 28 seconds. Our first
woman of the day. That's fucking good. Yeah, thank you. Oh my God. I'm telling you, the women down
here, I wouldn't give you a nickel. You take you, like I said, is about maybe five, ten percent
of them that are worth a worth a pound of salt. And the other ninety percent on legs. That's what
they are. God. No sense of humor. No patience. Like she's in a big hurry to go somewhere. Okay?
Maybe your dog just peed on the living room rug. Like rumors dog peed on my shirt the other day.
How do you like that? It brings a little, it weighs about a half an ounce. It's not even identifiable.
It just needs, know that it's alive because it's squirming a little bit and the dog too.
And it pees on my shirt. Nice going, rumor. By the way, to panties like I said, I can even
fort Myers will be canceled. Not because of the weather, but because they stuck 22 before 11 at 560 WQ.
I'm having trouble falling asleep. Yeah, every night I try counting sheets. But they stick.
Well, now you can relax with a new limited time offer that stints in a different way. It's
the best of our door. Our door. I want to be a sleet. Not combatoes. Shut up and listen to this.
And we have this today because I created the internet.
Wow. I'm feeling drowsy already. That's right. After just a few minutes of listening to
Democratic presidential hopeful Al Gore, you'll forget what's bothering you and start thinking
about who's bothering you. I love the environment because environmentally speaking,
without an environment, the world would be a terrible environment in which to raise our children.
I can't keep my eyes open. Yes, you'll get knocked to the land of Lincoln, Lincoln and nod,
as you subject yourself to the most uncharismatic public figure in the history of American politics.
I have made an illegal phone call or two in my office, but at least I didn't have the
listed sex in there. It's true. Nothing puts me in the mood to be unconscious.
More than the life. I don't even have a sense of how I've been in office. My wife
comes up and through another sleepless night. Get the best of Al Gore today. And tonight,
you'll be sleeping like this.
You ordered the best of Al Gore. I'm seating in cassette just a 100.
And you thought I'm as this boring. 1045 at 560 W to QIM. I don't want to pee on anybody's parade.
You know me. I never want to be negative. You know what I'm saying?
I'll buy the way house. I can't Gilbert do it. I've been talking about him a lot lately. Gilbert.
But anyway, see if I was one of the sales people here, first of all, I'd probably go home and kill
myself. But if I were one of the sales people here at QIM or any station in the market,
what I would do first thing this morning, I'd be in here bright and early. I'd be on the phone
and my clients. You know, the ones who are spending all the money to do these spots so that we can
get them business. I find out if they're open today. If that you know what I'm saying,
I find out if they got any special thing going on. Those kinds of things. And I'd pass the
information on to people like me who are on the air. So I can pass them on to the audience
because that's supposedly the way it works. That's what they're paying for. You know what I'm saying?
Oh, you're a crazy person. I'm a crazy person making trouble again.
Just sit there and read that old stale copy. Okay, what's him out of your causing trouble again?
You make it trouble. Okay, sorry. By the way, Don says the maximum wind gust. I already mentioned
this, but I'll mention it again. That we could look forward to the maximum gusts. Okay, not
sustained winds during the rain and the wind and the outer stuff that we're going to get from
Cliff Lloyd. 20 to 30 miles an hour indeed, 30 to 60 in Broward and Palm Beach and Martin counties
40 to 80 miles an hour winds. So Palm Beach, you might actually feel it for the first time in a
five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, I think with that news that you just gave out that Alex Pinellas can have about two or three
more press conferences and get a space all over the TV again. And make sure we get to see one
medillet of two or three hundred more times today too. I tell you, I have some bears for Alex Pinellas.
I mean, is there any shame? I mean, what is this guy? No, he's supposed to be the failure. And you
know something, every time I see him, I see him, I see the governor and I see Ken Jenny and I see
three politicians and I'm thinking to myself, there's three people I can't stand. I mean,
definitely get it. We're not watching the TV to hear about. We're here. We're seeing where the
storm's going. That's what we care about. See, I think this is like with the with the athletes,
the same thing with all the press conferences. Everybody's got to have a press conference. We didn't
need to have eight minute press conferences. All they needed to say, oh, this is the mayor's office.
This is Juan Mandilleta and and here's the deal. Okay, here's the Rican shoulders. Here's
where we're going to start the evacuation. That's all or maybe just once have a press conference,
you know, but every time I get up this morning, he's on it with another press conference,
five in a morning. He's having another one. He's holding it. Don't you understand, Mr. Mayor?
We hate you. Even those of us who don't live in Dave County, we can't stand you. We don't trust you.
We don't like you. You're a sell out. You're a cop out. Go away.
And maybe Juan Madilleta can get another dishonest job back in the media again.
Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil, how you doing, buddy? Great. I want to have a couple of takes and I
want your opinion on them too. I was watching a look into the channel. It's my for different
hurricane coverage. Right. And I just think it's, I mean, they're showing people sleeping at home
people. Who cares? We have to look at people sleeping at home people waiting to get flywood.
They're showing people sleeping at home depot? Yeah, because they got there eight hours early
to be the first ones in line when it open to get to the employee. That's fine. People be out to each
of their own, but I don't know where the news is to show this. There's more important things to show.
I mean, you could tell that. Listen, I got a lot of home depot stockman. I like to lie free coverage.
Keep the name in the mind of the public. Home depot. Home depot. I got a hundred shares of it too,
but still, you know, they don't need to show people sleeping there and they can't run on it.
They could show people a little bit more animated like actually buying crap would be good.
Yeah, but I just want to get the point of it. And then they show yesterday, okay, I'm a friend in town.
And we're watching channels that I just have an on channel seven on and Rick's
attention is outside theplex and he's in the when he's I don't know what they call it, the sea.
They're right by the bay, basically. And a little water's coming up. I mentioned that I was
praying that he would fall in. I saw that. I don't know. Okay, but my friend is watching this guy
and he's like, is this serious? He's been over and he flashes his back to the camera. That was the
best part. No, the best practically mooned the camera there. The best part is he takes off his jacket.
Yeah. And he's rolled his sleeves up and get right into it. Don't you understand? Well,
you see, they didn't have a see what they really like, especially the weather channel is famous for
this. They love to show us pictures of people standing and driving rainstorms.
There's nothing all the way. Practically getting blown away.
With 10 mile power wind, this guy's showing thieves coming off the plan. And my friend is just
dying of a milestone, a die of laughter because I'm looking and I'm like, this is disgusting.
This is terrible. This is terrible media.
I'm glad you enjoyed it. All right, Neil. See you.
Like I said, everybody did a great job except for Rick Sanchez. And a few other people who made
tools with themselves. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Well, there's Phil Culligan from a new Providence Islander's on the phone. There on channel 10,
put him on from NC if he's still alive. Flip on the channel.
So on a listening to the local radio overnight in this morning, lots of reports have damaged two
power lines. 50 around this island. Yeah. Have you heard anything about injuries?
I haven't heard anything specific about that yet, but reports are still quite sketchy coming in.
That'll teach you, like I said, to rip off the tourists over there in the Bahamas all these years.
We have no sympathy for you whatsoever. We're sick and tired of being ripped off.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60. I sure hope that Kaplan was going to do another one of those damn
shows that he's over to Bahamas. What's going to happen to professional gamblers?
You should have seen B-fo this morning. He was psychotic that the permutials are closed down
today. He was ready to blow his brains out or go eat two or three more meals.
Here's Miami. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Hi. Can I say something that won't offend the surface?
Yeah. It's south. It's four to five foot chaps and it's sunny and sunny. Which won't mean much to you,
but I used to have stands on Miami Beach down at south beach until they tore the track down.
Yeah. I've listened to you for 100 years. It's almost a hundred. I've enjoyed back from the
straight days when you did topics. You never denied you were gay. I wish I had a more interesting
call. That's okay. Killed some good time. You've been a pusher, sir, for what is it?
25 years? 23 years. I'll see you at the turf pub. And then we'll pick a loist for dinner.
Okay. Well, the old surface, this is Jack. Okay, Jack. Thank you, man. Okay,
humor. You're an idiot. Get away from the guy at the beach. Okay. You're going to get killed.
They just showed the hall overbeats there and the waves are pounding in and those big gigantic
rocks, you know, those big jagged rocks. But hey, you know, if you want to get your rocks, go over
to the hall over beach right now. You get a ticket. You'll get a $50 fine. Take a whole bunch of
$50 bills and just keep throwing them at the guy named the Beach Patrol. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're
having a few technical problems inside the building here with our audio vault. Remember the audio vault,
remember the origins of that? Oh, the audio vaults in the building. How many years ago was that?
You see when you're going to do everything in the cheap way, the beastly read way, this is the way
you wind up. Everybody's running around here, frantic, like chickens with their head cut off. We
can't get the special spots in the guy. They're audio vaults to get him on the ear. Tommy's running
around. Joe Costello's running around. Even pretty soon, Igor's going to start running around
till the food gets here. Then he'll be in here. Now, he never, he can sniff out a free meal from
100 miles away. Igor, he's got a nose for free food. Here's North Miami. Hello.
I'm going to kneel. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Great. I'm just, I just have to think that I'll just
have one complaint to make and I have an observation. This happens to the weather channel.
Can you remember, it just seemed to me that before you know you go through, they didn't have an
accident, they didn't have a dog in that site. You can you could ask them and say you know what they're
doing without prejudice. They're going to do you the real stories. You know they are so far behind.
Yeah, they're terrible. I mean, and you know maybe, maybe the trip off is, I wonder how commercial
they'll be coming here because a few weeks ago before the season got here, you know, we wanted to
you know, Dr. C. Ryan, to hear some experts. Yeah. He's monitoring the screen and there's a disturbance
out, you know, and then it's being kind of there's some wind shear taking place and he goes,
well here's the disturbance and we're looking at it and we were thinking he was going to turn
into the disturbance, but no such, I mean, no such a lot.
I was in the middle of it and I go, you know, you're turning like, like, what's the
safety. But the other thing I wanted to say is, what's about Mayor Alex of the city? You know,
you go out to the airport, you get on the journey, you look up and there's a giant sign that says,
Mayor Alex Panellas and Metro day county. Welcome you. Welcome you.
Welcome you. But where is he taking responsibility for what was going on out there?
And there was a press conference, everything. But when the drug stuff happens with American
people, as he says, you can talk about the labor he doing it. You know, one time I just,
if he's going to be as fun of us all the time, you know, by the way, you noticed that American,
where the first once the cancel their flights yesterday, because when the winds start gusting
up like that, it gets bad to keep the powder in one spot, you know, it's very tough to keep it down.
Well, you say, say, you know, take care. And have a great thing. Clean up that phone,
it sounded like we were going to stock on it, probably the weather. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound,
there's all over beach to pop it up. Let's see these out.
I hear those pictures through the magic of time. We're sure for it. You'll see everything
that you'll see out there, but from the safety of your home.
Hard over beach as well as the rest of the beaches and Miami data. I didn't look at the
locals. It's against the law. You're breaking the law. You're trying to block breakers.
We try to control the beach and tell people to go home again.
Look at that. There's a report on that. The conditions are going to worsen over the next 12
years. And if you look closely, there are even a couple of kids out there. Again, do not go to
the beach. And it particularly don't take your children out to the beach. Yeah, what kind of
fear is that? If you're taking your kids to the beach, let's go up.
I want to get rid of my guess. Hey, it's better than suffocating them. It's better than
leaving them. Oh, yeah, they just wanted to have a good time. I didn't know they were going
to drown. Sure. Try a real story. Okay, that somebody might believe.
So if any parents out there got a like, you know, I'd say 9 to 15 year old kids that you want
to get rid of, just to get out the old surfboard and head for the beach immediately if not soon.
That's our advice. 10, 56 and 5, 60 WQM Hank Goldberg will be on here today at 2 o'clock.
What do you think they're going to be talking about? Huh? They're going to be talking about
the big dolphin win last night. Did I watch that? No. About six minutes of it.
No low contendry, man. I was pretty yo and the worst telecast in the history of Monday Night
Football, the boomer just say to the boomer. That was just horrible. That was more disorganized
than the storm. Just tragic. No contest. Pretty weak. But I had more important fish to fry.
And I had to watch all these other channels because I wanted to know what the hell was going on.
I can't be sitting there like some kind of a professional sports nerd watching some stupid
goddamn ballgame. And I did flip over at halftime. Thank God they did put on on at halftime the whole
halftime. Nice go on channel 10. Oh, guess what? I forgot WQM. I mean, for a long time.
It just keeps getting bigger in theaters now from the director of Star Trek and the producer
of the spy who shagged me. It's the spy who shags spot. Who will make you holy?
Sir, would you mind explaining that space and please?
Who will make you holy baby? Yes, you are.
Fascinating. In both questions.
Oh, who's the baby?
And that's from my anatomy being different from yours.
I am delighted. Well, they're astronomical belief. Very long and judging from what you've seen
so far, I agree. Oh, behave. The spy who shags spot.
Shall we shag now? Shall we shag the night?
I wonder what Starfleet command will say about that.
Him long and prosper.
Yeah, baby.
Okay, here's Donald. Crack it up just once again on channel 10.
Hurricane and a strong category force storm on the staffers since land of jail.
It's the kind of hurricane it ever was.
Moving west, northwest, the 14. There's the pressure.
And I want to show you this.
Winds 145 miles an hour down another 5 miles an hour.
25.7 north is the latitude, longitude 76.8 west.
25.7. Now, in other words, it is due east.
It's directly east of Miami already.
And it's still about 250 miles out there.
Due east.
So like I said, I don't understand what, but again, I don't want to say it on the
air. I'll just say it under my breath.
Why are they still evacuating people in the county, opening up new
shelters in order to say it's already due east of Miami.
Not that we're not going to get those winds that Don was talking about, but
maybe somebody can explain it to me.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Uncle Nail. Yes, sir. How you doing today?
Okay. The real pandemonium starts tomorrow when it comes to returning all the wood
and groceries and stuff down.
You know, I went to Amaco to get them soda yesterday and they had a sign.
This is at the Amaco station and to their credit, they had a sign no refunds on hurricane supplies.
Nice going, guys.
Oh, let's try and return the gasoline.
Probably. Yeah.
Probably try to return to chewing gum.
Or the half-eat-mots over at public.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
I think these are the best shows though, because just though, the worst and the best in people come out,
but the funniest in people come out are the, you know, just I thought sometimes it gets so ridiculous,
it's hilarious.
I mean, sometimes, you know, the people that are just ordinarily one of the mill assholes ordinarily,
not now, it's like magnifying at times 100 because, you know, the drama is 100 times greater than
usual. So now they're real. Just magnify their assfulness 100 times.
As you expose the mere panelist, they're supposed to half a date in Broward County and, you know,
I mean, not to mention our fascist, the man who put the BS in BS, Ken Jenny.
Do they, do they, uh, a bit bored up WQA, Andrew and her games?
No. They're, they're hoping that we get blown away.
How do we think?
Thanks, sir.
Hear that sound in the phone again. That's that crappy phone system we got here. Greg, okay,
pull up another notch in your belt. You, you fascist, you idiot.
You geek.
Oh, that line in Barry Jackass is calling that. That just, it sends me.
That just sends me.
You want to take any competitor seriously, but we have a strong track record.
WQA, General Manager Greg Reed said, we've varied a lot of radio stations and I would like to make
them another notch on my belt. We have varied a lot of other radio stations and he'd like to make
them another notch on his belt. I hate to tell you what we'd like to do with that belt, okay?
Here's Tamarack. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I got my own take on his whole hurricane nonsense.
Yeah.
Horsenth the blame on his whole thing is God.
He's pissed.
Okay, thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound. How did I know that as soon as I heard that voice, that it was going to be
bad. Bad call. She just like it says in Barry Jackass's column about how bad we are here over at QIM.
It says, yeah, QIM's narrow and it's scope and many day part colors are insulted and their
opinions are thrown in a waste paper basket like the last guy. He's an asshole.
Yeah, there you go.
And that's why people listen to the station Tony, you Jackass because at least between 10 and
two, we got a little bit of excitement going on over here.
And we just don't lick each other's body parts. Although that might be pretty good for some.
Let's see those surfers again by the way while we're at it.
And also by the way, you notice how they're using on 10 Dr. Bob Sheets up there in Orlando
who's been great. He sits there very calmly. He's not hyperventilating. He's not waffling.
He seems to know his crap. He's got his crap all together.
Thank God we fell into a bucket of crap and we wound up with this incestuous thing with
Channel 10 because it could have been in somebody else and we don't want somebody else,
especially Channel 4.
Oh and I'll tell you another one besides Rick Sanjay. But it's predictable, you know.
A silly person who sat there with his raccoon eyes said deep in his head was Tony Cigaretteau.
Silly Tony on Channel 6 yesterday. You see him?
And when he was sitting there with Jennifer, I thought to myself, you know, if the storm gets bad,
I wonder if they will send a limo to pick them up to take them home because you know how they are.
Oh, there's Hank getting blown in the doorway.
Of course he's used to that. What the hell is that thing?
Oh, that's from the National Cargantus Center.
Hank's got a gigantic umbrella. Looks like a parasol. I wouldn't be walking around in public with that.
Hank is in here blowing.
It's the biggest one you're going to get today.
Yeah, probably the only one I'm going to get today.
See, I got this figure out.
Yeah, this was applied.
Merpiness and Meritsteer, I got together to fill the hotels.
Yeah, that's what this is all about.
And I thought you were going to say it was going to blow the stadium down and they'd have to build a new one.
Oh, that.
Yeah.
No, not the clever.
In fact, all the lost revenue from the city being shut down today.
That was all going towards the stadium.
Sorry John.
Hey, you lose John again.
Do you like the game last night?
Yeah, it's pretty good.
They look good.
I know, every great minute.
I thought I heard the depot this while I don't agree.
I think that Brian Greasey's not ready for prime time number one.
Not ready to start.
Yeah, something they couldn't have bled.
And number two, and number two, let me tell you, the boomer.
He is not ready for any time.
I know that was a bad telekin.
I didn't know the feeling about him one more or another.
Right.
He was vanilla.
He was a problem.
He's not himself.
I don't know what it is.
And I hate to say this because I know it's your network.
But it's about ABC, it's all the networks.
It's football.
I'm flipping back and forth.
I'm mainly concerned about this hurricane stuff
because I don't want to get blown away.
And I keep flipping back.
Every time I flip back, there's either a commercial on
or they're interviewing somebody.
I'm saying, want to play.
Just one time when I'm on here, want to play.
There's no action there in the game.
Somebody asked me this morning, I was over at the route
because I had to live in an evacuation area.
Thank you, Alex.
And the place is packed.
Yeah.
Some guys said to me,
when you think people were watching the game last night
or were they watching the weather.
And I would think they were watching the game
because what can they tell you every half an hour?
You know that they haven't told you half hour before.
Yeah.
But good games on Sunday though.
Oh, it was great.
And Dallas watching it.
And the wing of them said they paid for your jets game was great.
Yeah.
The giant's Tampa Bay Game was great,
which they got the call wrong.
Now, now let me ask you this.
What do you think of this, the way they're doing this
instance replay where the referee comes over,
sticks the headphones on.
He sticks his head like he's going into a voting booth
under this guy, they're in curtain there.
And he sticks his head up on the screen.
You know, what was that all about?
How long did they do it fast?
I don't care how they do it.
Just get them in.
And then they had in the in the Patriot Jets game,
they had one replay on spotting the ball.
How can you possibly have a replay on where you're
going to spot the ball?
People won't like it.
But you know, some of it if they can correct a mistake,
it's worth it.
Yeah.
But so you know,
but they got to one wrong in the jet the Tampa game.
He was wrong.
That was a catch.
They showed it 100 different.
Yeah, I didn't.
I didn't think he had possession.
The announcer didn't even agree on it.
But I thought he was juggling the ball a little bit.
I didn't really have it.
Let's have an argument about it.
Let's go to re-placet.
Okay, well, keep that umbrella handy.
What was that?
This is an umbrella.
That's like for a family umbrella.
It's dust.
Now, did you get, oh, it's dust umbrella.
Wow.
Oh, come that.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, there goes Hank.
He'll be here at two o'clock.
He's prepared.
He's ready.
It's 11 o' 9 o'clock at 9 o'clock at 9 o'clock.
He's over at the moon, mine.
It's a good day.
The concert ended with burning trees.
Playing on stage wasn't naked.
The night was a bit too much.
It was a bit too much.
It was a bit too much.
It was a bit too much.
It was a bit too much.
It was a bit too much.
It was a bit too much.
It was a bit too much.
It was a bit too much.
It was a bit too much.
It was a bit too much.
It was a bit too much.
Joining us on the last stage,
Woodstock riots, riots.
I hope to still stuck on the blueway.
Yeah, you'll be behind bars.
Those facets are in cars.
I'll show that open up with old James Brown,
ended up with the burning to the ground,
knocked down to tower, it's a crazy night.
Carson's daily, ran for his wife.
I think it's fair to say.
Only some kids ruined the show
They do this melee
They forgot the peace in love
Woodstock riot you know
Woodstock riot you don't be tired. Hope to still stuck on the through way
What 14 at 560 WQ and the Hankelberg show it till we got your mad dog man
It's 6.930 as kind of a prelude to the big Marlins game out on the west coast. Thank God
They're far away in San Francisco anybody want to build that stadium now by the way
Let's talk about building that stadium for that billionaire. I must be crazy
I must be nuts our close personal friend. Let me say it again like I said yesterday J Randolph
You think that Floyd is a big blow job this hurricane J Randolph did the most embarrassing suction in history on Sunday on
Whammy
On whatever that show is the manager show the Marlin whatever they call that thing with John Henry
I have never seen I thought that the screen on my TV on my brand new
Hitachi ultra-vision was going to invert from the suction even Larry King is a piker a minor leager compared to J Randolph
man
Here's Pember pine. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Yeah, great. Well, you first off. You know why
Randolph's gonna be like that Randolph's just trying to keep this job
He's on a payroll. That's right and they keep trying to find something for him to do and so now they've made in the number one
Circle in the organization exactly, but I don't know I get they got all earlier
Did you not know about that guy's in front of home depot waiting for the stuff? No, oh, it was great
Channel 10 interviewed right and
Never done they interviewed him and when he said, you know how you feel now that you know the hurricane's not coming here
He goes. I want to kill somebody
Really yeah about himself would have been good
Exactly, but anyway, I'm glad you're back on the radio and everything like that
You know since they know to school and they'll listen to you during the day, you know, so I'm happy to be off from school
It is bonus day man exactly. Okay, and I just wanted to say call somebody a douchebag. Okay, okay Pat Riley and John Laker up in Orlando
You're both a douchebag. Okay, see you and don't forget I must be crazy. I must be nuts five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
It's bonus day for most people out there aren't working. They're not in school. They're just you know free day to school around get your surfboard out
Go to the beach
Go drown whatever they have. Oh there he is again. I'm tomorrow. So I want to read the mayor
The false sense of security on the public's part and I need to reiterate that it's gonna get a little bit worse
It's gonna get a little bit nastier before it gets better
Bad weather coming in. Yeah, we're gonna have some wind
Shut it off you asshole you jackass. Let's have 60,000 here's the new meteorologist the new head of the hurricane center the new head of the goddamn head department
Mr. Head
Goddamn mayor Penga you simple than you let the weather people okay?
Let them give us the information the people that are trained to meteorologist the people went that their parents paid a lot of money to send them to school
To learn something instead of being on or being mr. meteorologist. He's the mayor
He's the traffic director and by the way the good news is I say 50 cents this morning and 50 cents more this afternoon
Oh right
No tool on the turn pipe you could have knocked me over with a feather duster
When I got to the booth there by the JRS and it said yellow signs no tool for seed with caution
I zoomed through that thing with caution about 80 miles an hour. I
Share it okay?
How much money they're gonna lose these a couple of days on those tools out there
I guess we aren't gonna be able to build that new stadium like Hank said too bad. It's where it goes
Yeah, since oh see he's upset
He's upset that we didn't get the big blow that he could have been the hero. That's what he's upset about
And he's upset that the public isn't you know running around like chickens with their heads cut off because they're watching
What's going on here the thing is starting to take a turn to the north?
It's not gonna give us a major blow and he's upset about that
He don't give a crap about you people all he gives a crap about is himself and Juan Mendietta
God I'm gagging just from seeing him on my TV said
What a putts
Here's North Miami Beach hello. How you doing Neil great?
This is absolutely ridiculous people just watch the map. He was going on
And my god I channel 10 they got the map on they got they got him like a little picture on the right
They got a bigger picture of the map to the left and basically the arrow says he's an asshole pointing to him
I'm working today. I got my star open really Joe from the chocolate here, right?
Oh, there you go anybody who has a chocolate emergency
Okay, there's a lot of those today good day to stock up on it
But I told my employees yesterday just watch see what it's going and it's going obviously
It's gonna stay away from us, right?
The panic was just insane even my kids were panicking because the school made him panic ridiculous
People just have to use their brain kids down here haven't been trained very well up north
We used to pray for the big snowstorm because it meant no school kids
It had been hoping like crazy that we get a little something here. Leave school schools down
They were for it 100 percent yeah problem is is now is now we have two days off the school and everything else is shut down
You ps but ex oh
Messing up our lives, yeah, mom
We're gonna be giving the looting locations in about a half an hour
So we can start to do keep it up Neil you're the truth. Okay, pal. Thank you
Let's talk about here is open ghost. I'm on another get the whole screen with him on there with an ugly post
Oh, I don't understand why you people ain't getting all so caught it cuz the brunt the brunt the brunt
Yeah, I got your brunt right over here. Okay, and you're back though Jackass you silly person you silly goose you you silly
Mon goose I'll tell you one thing you're a close personal buddy one man yet
He's gonna be sorry that he jumped on that clan wagon. I'll tell you that
Like jumping on a goddamn and you adoria and the Titanic at the same time
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line mayor penis is the straw that you're not panicking okay folks that you're taking a little bit too easy
So let's get everybody a little bit more nervous again. Okay, they're starting to calm down a little bit
There you go to that to it for you mayor
Trying to help be helpful, you know
Just like we were on that penny sales tax be helpful
Here's my me Beach hello
Maddie go. Okay, great. There's our Julio contribution right in the middle of a right in the middle of a big blow job out there
That's what's on his mind
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound for all he was talking about the mayor. Thank you and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in pompano. Hello
Hey, deal. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm working and the fun part is I'm driving a track to trailer after I'm 95. Yeah, I had to take a
Some roof supplies with the Stuart I'm almost done and I'm done today up the store. You mean your back
Yeah, I'm on my way back because you want to be going towards Stewart now
No, I just came from there. It's a little bit more winder up there than this here. It's gonna
It's they're gonna get the kids a little more than we are. Oh, it's gonna get worse before it gets better
That's what the mayor just said. Yeah, I'm on stringing. I think I was talking about Dave County politics
Yeah, hey listen
You ever ask who are these people that go out to the beach? Yeah
It's the same assholes that went out to the fires
That means anything right remember to fire sure
I got the same assholes that sit out there on the median on by the 836 or on the perimeter road by the airport waiting to see a plane crash
Is it matter fact I went by four-letter or are two cars are waiting for a plane to come in for what reason I don't know
I called you have to tell you that you know
We have perfectly good water that comes out of our tap now and I had to stock up on fish food
Well, my daughter and I she's three years old. We went into public yesterday over in temperate times by the house
To get some hamburger buns. We were gonna cook out last night
If you want to see the welcome my daughter's face when we turned down the bread aisle
I just started I lost you know because you know at three years old. They don't really realize what's going on
And she's like that. Where's all the bread?
It was so funny, you know
And but there was plenty of fish foods. That was a good thing
And uh, just seeing these people yesterday was really ridiculous. I picked up a few things around the house. That was it
Kick back watch done. No
You actually went to public shares today, huh me? I didn't have the balls to do it
Yeah, well, you know, I had breath but I figured I should have only tried some hamburger buns
That was the only thing left were hamburger buns. I guess they weren't good enough for people
But I'm almost done have a good day and I'm laughing. Uh, you know what off and I'm a great day
Okay, see ya. Say goodbye
5 6 7 if we had a woman today yet
No, you guys out there if you had a woman yet today. No, what are you waiting for?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line as a waiting for more pronouncements from the politicians to say
Don't stay too calm. We don't like it that way. We want you to get a little worked up into a frenzy
That's why we're opening up all these shelters
It's going to get worse before it gets better. There is going to be wind and rain. Oh my god. Yeah
And we know how unusual that is here in South Florida for wind and rain
Especially this time of the year since September's only the second rainiest month of the season anyway
Here's Opalaka. Hello. Hey, how you doing?
Great. Uh, Scrainer don't watch in the news on Channel 7. I don't see you expansion. Where's Rick?
Oh, he last night. I think he fell into this game bay. He leaned over a little. He was squatting on a little bit too far
I think that guy he had any dye
The guy he had the okay. Thank you. Week
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Well, they got a lot of time on their hands today. Okay
A lot of time to dust it off the old material just like Ross P. Rose said roll up your sleeves and dust off those old studies and dust off the old material and bring it back again, you know, just like
Just like oh, yeah
And well, that's the way it is when you got a limited number of pots on here and you have to a little around you know
Just like when Hank come in and I had a hand in it. You know how embarrassing that is
When I have to dittle with a pot to put a guest mic on if you've seen by the way
There's studio in there for the important show for the morning show the sports shows that they do in there with their big light like a real talk studio
Yeah, we're with chairs. They got the windows and they got the microphones all around the thing there
So they think you have a whole bunch of guests and like to do the other morning those high price skinny computer monitors and actually get some of them on the year
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 up. I'm gonna build you a state of the art studio
And I'm gonna give you a great new phone system. Yeah, you're gonna give me a pile of crap in my back. Don't switch it. You're gonna give me Greg
Liar liar pants on fire. That's our theme song here at Q.A.M
Here's Orlando. Hello. Yeah, sir
It's gonna be blowing up there, man
Really
No, not up there. No, okay, but you're gonna get some heavy-duty wins right. We're already blowing here about maybe 40
Millenar a couple minutes so it's like I'm thinking cocoa beach. It's the brown eye that you got to worry about
All right, Dale. That's what I hear. Hey, it's great here. You again. Okay. Have a good luck pal. Thanks. Don't blow too hard
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line is we're rolling along singing a song
Hey, the women don't have time to be calling me today. They're too busy doing one
I don't know what they do into that getting laid negative their husbands make them put paneling up
Oh, is that what it is? Well quit nagging at your husband. Okay. We're not getting it. Okay
Maybe in Palm Beach in Martin County up there where you get 40 to 80 mile hour wins along the beach
And if you live out west, what are you getting all psychotic about anyway
Unless you haven't been paying any attention or unless you just like getting psychotic that could be it. I'm sure good excuse
And then you'll make the mayor happy anyway even if you don't live in big county acts psychotic
It'll make mayor penga happy you like that
26 past 11 at 5 60 WQM here's me again Bob douche when you're done
Georgie Bush says that his nose is clean and never puts up in it
because he's running for the wide house so he just can't admit it
Stone drunk and that's not all even down the fused feet ball
It's calling county drugs with you. He even dropped some massive food
Why won't Georgie just come out and simply say he did it
He preferred the press would shut them out
But if some of you got them business
He did more than what you think
But he watched it down the sea
He preferred cocaine to house
That's the question that he does
And he make his point much clearer
Like a razor on a mirror
But he wants us to believe
That he didn't do anything
Georgie Bush says that his nose is clean and never puts up in it
because he's running for the wide house
So he said that his name is Georgie's
Georgie's
Georgie's
331 at 5 60 WQM
5 6705 60
Palm 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Everybody in here running around like chickens with their heads cut off
Not because of the storm
But because we got technical problems
And then come to find out Igor our continuity chief
Whatever the hell is titled is we don't have to worry about him eating no free food today
No, he hauled ass for Tampa because of the storm
Oh man, what a pussy
What a pussy
Haul of ass for Tampa because of the storm
Man
What does that say? Is that a joke? Frisco? Hello
Neil Perry
Yes sir
Get out of that hurricane Alan
Get to San Francisco we need you here
The people of Miami
The people of Miami don't know how lucky they are
Yeah
We have nothing but liberal crap up here
And when I came
Nothing but what?
Liberal
Pretty white
So what about conservative?
Yes
No
I was down there two weeks ago and listened to you every day
And I'm a conservative?
No
What are you talking about sir? What language are you speaking?
I'm speaking San Francisco
Okay, we'll put you up and you know go get a life
5 6705 60
Palm 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Oh god, what was that?
What did you put her on the year 4?
Speaking of her if we have to oh here's a lady in the summer in 4 Latter-day
Hello
Hey Neil, how are you doing?
I'm right
Hey I think everyone will be reacted with the hurricane thing going on
I'm in the top sitting down so I'm out and drinking a beer
But I might be your first in front of you
In fact you don't have to go out and buy all the bottled water up like I said yesterday
Stoda is mostly water and so is beer mostly water
There you go
Right
Have a good day
Thank you
Yeah go out and get a couple of kegs okay get 20 or 30 kegs of beer
And you know a thing of straws and go home and have a party baby
Light up you old barbecue they'll tell you
Make sure you had a lot of gas in a gas grill
Cook up a bunch of burgers sit there and stick a straw in the keg and have a great time man
Cryst
Gallum of water per person today
We're talking crazy people
No wonder people go to the stores and they do all of these things
All these irresponsible unacceptable things with all those jugs
Jugs can be hazardous to your health
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
So I don't know if I should say this on the air
What? So channel 10 just called
Yes and then thinking that they're going to give us a live person to talk to
Why do they have to do that?
What if they said no we don't have a live person that can talk to you
But we have something pre-recorded on tape if you want to you know
Want us to play it over the phone for you
No no no no
Well why do we need that anyway?
Exactly. We're sitting here watching channels and we're monitoring
You can put Don No One right now
Hi and you're looking at the serve thing
That looks like fun
Okay that's enough
I just figured if we were going to talk to somebody it would be a live person
We weren't going to play a stupid old tape
We're not going to talk to anybody okay
We got all the stuff we need and if we don't want to watch them
We'll watch just some other goddamn channel on there
Let's watch channel 7 see what they're doing
Come on where's my goddamn thing on here
There you go there's a miss come on
He's touching it
He's touching it
Or the hurricane touches the floor to coast
Then we're talking instead of 75 80 mile in our wins
We're talking maybe a hundred, 120, 130 mile in our win gusts
And sustained wins at higher speeds as well
So this could be a very dangerous scenario for parts of Florida
And the guard cannot do that
We're talking about it. We're talking about it. Go back to 10
Okay I can't stand him
Shut up already. You idiot
Shut up!
Like I said stick with Don though stick with what you know
Covering up the eye with the boy
Covering the rock
Oh god do I wish I had that on the thing in here
Do I wish I prayed
But again our stuff here you know
Everything is makeshift and we got an engineer who's got 8 million excuses
He's overworked and underpaid and he's got to do this
And he's got to do the end as always
Anything in the studio comes last
Highest rated show but we come last no matter what it is we need in here
Even a guy named Little Thing on the roof a little stick antenna stick it
Or if you don't know where we're located we are directly across the street here on
441 from the antenna farm channel 4 channel 7 channel 10
All their antennas their towers are right across the street
You could stick your finger in your rectum
They'll get a crystal clear picture that's how close they are
But God forbid that we should have that thing hooked up until
Our program directors in here this morning run around like a chicken with its head cut off
Here's the mobile in Miami hello
How you doing pretty good
Got to tell you story I work across from a public some coral gables
Yes sir there's a city park next to this publics
Meetermades were ticketing people for parking on the grass process street where they could find
Going nice I mean the meetermades it was like shooting you know
Ducks in a barrel they they they tickets everywhere
Yeah you me your maid suck okay I'll tell you that right now in a time of local emergency
When people are in a crisis they don't have time to dill around because the parking spots are all filled up
And you're right and tickets out there you invasiles you idiots you you subhuman creatons you
All right news they think feel better now much better okay thank you
Right and God damn tickets what's wrong with you people have a little rock monis for Christ's
Have a little bit of human compassion can you find it in you I didn't think so
5 6 7 0 5 60 see this is no different from usual here today this is just like any other show
Same you know pumping those numbers same lethargic response nothing
God thanks a guy from Frisco I think he had a point
23 before noon at 5 60 WQM if you know God I got the fever for the flavor of shingle
I got the fever
New low fat shingle now with a third-less polydiscentuated monoblutamates and that crap who were trying to sell you a few months ago
In fact I can't even believe the FDA let us get away with all the unhoath of artery clogging
Crap who are loading into our potato posse
New low fat shingle slower and fat higher insult
Some ingredients may erode the coal and small intestine lower down the wall and are not biodegradable
All human waste matter resulting from consumption of this product must be disposed of using
Industrial grade steel biohazard drugs chingles petitagents are manufactured on the plant of crypto and they're not recommended for students
1143 at 560 WQM well here we have 4,000 calls on there before the break now there are three
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line here's plantation hello
Oh good news
Yes, how you doing now
Okay, I'm over here in plantation my ceiling fans picking up more wind than this hurricane
I believe it I got my fish food I got my hamburger
He's got a cup of drink here. We're hanging out. I'm also a big counter-cold
Yeah, and I want to thank Mayor penis for the day off
And I just want to say to my buddy Richie
Go ahead if you sell Rich
Okay, thanks for the persecution observations with everything were what do you say?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I'm about 10 seconds away from flipping on the audio from channel 10
And sitting back in a chair lighting up an iso Stogie from next here's Bokeh
Hello, hey Neil. Yes, sir. I'm I just we just walked the back street boys premiere video
And have you seen it? Yes. Oh, that's right. They got the video. Go came out yesterday. I forgot all about it on the
Oh my god. You're not you're not going to be impressed. What do you mean by that?
Because it's like they're all in Star Wars gear and it's just a really cheesy video
Yeah, it's a good song. No, I don't care about the video. Yeah, but hey we were going to go to the show. The show we heard is
Is moved right? Oh, it's your was moved to December 5th and 6th and believe it or not
We were just watching MTV and they said oh well you lucky bastards down the floor to the concerts
The opens up the tour opens up tonight. Yeah, what are they? No one MTV? They got the same news department that we've got none
Right, I'm watching Limp Dick biscuit on right now. That's another one. Well, they also had the new the new video. He's got a new video
Also came out yesterday. You did? Well anyway
We're having a couple drinks over here too and we're having a fun and anybody want to come to Mendoza
Like a plenty of stuff here. Okay, thanks. Thanks. Thank you. Have a great time. Bye bye
5 6 7 0 5 60 like I said here's our lunch from Tony's. Thank you so much our good buddy Brad sends over 400 pizzas
$50,000 worth of food God bless you Brad and the horse you wrote in on
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound phone there's a we're looking at two seconds to the pizzas around the table and there's Sam
I never paid for anything in my life
Sand douchebag sticking his head in the goddamn door make it picking up where Igor left off because he a blue town so to speak yeah
Igor couldn't be here to suck up pre-food because he blew town for Tampa. Oh my God. What a lunatic. What a crazy man. You know what?
Yeah, exactly
WQ I am George is busy with the food. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I got the wrong number I think. Okay. Who's this?
Got the wrong number 5 6 7 that's the second one in a week we're starting to get a lot of wrong numbers let's hear it.
Those phone lines busy, baby. What do I want? That looks great with a fork.
WQ way I'm lunches here. Hello. Hello. Yeah, pretty good sir. I have to agree with you on all your observations as far as the
news stations. Yeah, I think that Don. No. No. He's excellent. He's the best and that that that Bill Cammull man and I don't know man that guy
worked and he's no work fan. I mean you know why don't they just come out to they just they really want something bad to happen.
I mean he just he just look I mean he just makes me sick and then that other bitch next to him that more e-ginnings. They're just sitting on their chairs like I mean it's like they want it to turn to hit us.
You know you ever get that impression that there's like they don't care. Here's a mobile and color rage yellow.
Mobile and color rage. Hey, sir. I'm not a mobile. Here's the color rage not on a mobile. Hey, I knew. Someday Neil I read the paper.
There was an article in the sports section. It said a brief interview with Damarina. I think the second question asked it was by Armando,
Succeedero or something like that. Yeah. And he asked him would you rather win a Super Bowl or have your kids grow up and have a successful happy life.
And Dan's reply was why am I doing this. And I think it was like the eighth question he asked him if four people.
I think it was jumping off of a bridge. Who would you say then the second one was this why I found Shoology and Johnson and some of the Shabr.
And I just wonder what kind of media what kind of people are running these. Where is your people? It's ridiculous. It's sad.
But Neil, you're the best. Keep it up and you're the worst American. Okay. God bless you sir. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Same as it said before maximum gust 80 miles an hour. That's way way up there by Coco Beach. Daytona. You get way up there before you get the really big blow later on today.
That's what done. No, tell us right now. But the mayor. He's not too happy because it didn't work out his way. Just like that.
Penny sales tax election. I didn't work out his way. He's not happy about that because he's like a small little kid him and Mickey.
Orson he thought that he thought that once Mickey slipped into Mickey that he could get anything done his way. Sorry. Sorry about that mayor.
Well, again.
Because you've got no credibility. Okay. Because we're paying attention to Don and Bill come all and Brian Starcross and what's his name Roland Stetem and all these other people.
That's what they get paid to do. They're the meteorologist. Okay. You're the puts. You're the puts alone. Okay, Mr. Mayor. Nobody pays any attention to you in your bogus bullcrap.
Whippen up a bunch of hysteria. Well, I'm a little bit disappointed because we're still out of the woods. You belong in the woods. Okay. It's where you belong. You and one mediator that parent on your shoulder.
And used to be a good guy before we became a goddamn pimped.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Listen, we're I'm here for Lauderdale and well with some friends and we're riding this thing out pretty good.
We just want to tell you that we think that the media is doing a fine job and I mean they're doing everything they can. They want to keep an update on it.
And our prayers are with you. We know you don't mean to sound like you're really negative about it. What do you mean your prayers are with me? What is that?
Oh, we just for our prayers are with you. We know you're making fun and this is a crisis situation. We're all trying to pull together.
Crisis situation. What? Where's the crisis? Neil, we just are prayers are with you. We don't need to roll it out your ass. Okay. Our prayers are with you. Our prayers are pray for this. Okay. Go pray for the sun to shine somewhere.
Crazy person. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Davey. Hello.
Good morning. Neil, how are we doing today? Another bat is trying to convert the Jews. Yes sir. How are we doing today, Neil? Okay.
Terrific. Anyway, I'm definitely glad that that Floyd turned North. But I do feel for anybody who gets caught in the middle of a hurricane. Just like we did with Andrew back several years ago.
You know, just things upon things of dollars and damage like when what Andrew did. Let's just say with let's just say with Floyd had ignored that may have avoided another pain damage, pain, dollar plus damage.
Well, that's not very profound. I mean, that's pretty obvious, isn't it? I believe so. I'm just glad that that FEMA won't have to worry about us this time.
Uh-huh. Anyway, um, anyway, Neil, like you continue to do what you're doing and you have a nice day. Okay. I'll pray for you. Is there okay? Whatever you said, 5 6 7 0 5 60. I mean, listen, if you expect me to sit here and be morbid, you've got enough other morbid people. You want to see morbid people turn on the mayor again. Okay.
I'm here to do the show today. Okay. We had an option. If we would have been going to get something really bad here today, we would have turned on Channel 10. We would all gone home because we got no weather wire. We got no news wire. We got no news department. We have no contact with the human race except for people that think that ball games are the most important things in the world. That's all we know here at QA M. Okay. And I'm not going to sit on pretended. Any otherwise.
But we looked out. We caught our frickin break. Thank the Lord. Thank you. God. That's right. And thank Don for putting his two cents into. And so I'm going to be here to help you make through four hours of this. God then day while you're sitting back drinking a few. Whatever you're drinking out there bottled water or whatever's in a bottle.
And don't forget before you return to bottle water, the story tomorrow. Be sure and pee into the few times.
Here's a mobile in Aventura. Hello. Hey, Neil. Good morning. I know you're two and back to you. Remember the other day you said why do people why do people buy the drinking water? Right? Yeah. Why do people buy water not like soda or anything?
And anybody ever have an answer? No. Okay. Because people are stupid because on television, they don't say they don't say go out and buy a whole bunch of soda or go out and buy a whole bunch of beer or a bunch of mogen David. Why? They're telling you to buy water.
So people go out and buy water. I know it's amazing. You play that card. No. 5 6 7 0 5 60. No. No. No. How do you like that? And pound 5 60 on the 18 T. We're call up a laugh. And okay. Call up radio 1900 on the Amdell. See if they'll play. You think so? No. I don't think so. Even as friendly as they are and cooperative is there and as nice as they want to treat everybody down there with their small tiny select audience.
How about you? Maybe they got a real sales department down there, though, which is something we don't have. I saw Todd Drek standing there in a hallway and hovering in the background taking up space interfering with people's work about an hour ago.
Have we seen any other sales people up here taking care of their accounts today? No. Letting us know who's open and who's closed and who's naughty and who's nice. No. And who's on first? No. No. God forbid.
Because we can't be worried about those things because that would be a setting of bad present in here. Here's Sunrise. Hello.
Hi. This is Brian. How you doing? Okay. Brian. I just wanted to say that I've been living part about 20 years and I haven't seen too many hurricanes here.
But I wonder how much taxes they've collected over the time period. I tell people about hurricanes by this, by that. And you go to stores and everything's bought out.
I mean, that's kind of no fish at the name. What do you think about that? You think there might be something right now? No. No. No. I just, you know, I've never seen a hurricane here. I mean, I didn't miss Andrew. I was up north. I didn't miss it. I was here.
But I do feel follows people by that I just think that they go out of proportion. I think I just want to crap. How do you like that, Brian? I think you're full of crap. Let me say it again. We had this big gigantic category four on the verge of five one mile an hour away from being five for hours and hours and hours.
One of the biggest ever seen is close to landfall and history mankind. And this guy saying they blow it out of proportion. I say you're full of crap. How do you like that, Brian?
I say you don't know your back to your elbow is what I say. Oh, yeah, it's a conspiracy. The media is in league with a business people so we can collect more tax money, sales tax money on the lumber in the water that you buy. Anybody believe that? No. No.
By the way, is there sales tax on drinking water? No, I don't think so. Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Everybody's paranoid. Everybody wants a plot. It's a this. It's a that.
And here's the guy that wasn't even here during Andrew doesn't know a hurricane from his ass.
Doesn't even have any idea what it's like to survive here and believe me, I'm lucky I lived up in North Broward. We got 80 mile an hour winds where I was wasn't down there in South. They'd with those poor bastards whose lives were destroyed during hurricane Andrew. Okay. And like Sally fits it. Right.
Yeah, we're a Sally when we need her during these emergency days. Huh? Do you have a some real profound advice like. Thanks, Sally.
We're over here praying for you, Sally that maybe the permits can get it out this time. Five minutes before noon at five 60 WQM.
Coming soon to a theater near you a loose ass film production. Star Wars the farting menace starring George art thinks.
We say. Oh, be one big holy use the spray. And can I master himself odor?
It's much I do. And catch up with the evil death paper.
And the hot felt confrontation between death vapor and a sun.
Luke, I am your father. Star Wars the farting menace also includes everyone's favorite Freud. I do number two and see three P.U.
I agree I do number two. Yes, master Luke, three cheeses. How about the courtesy flush and all your favorite Star Wars characters in Star Wars the farting menace, including Princess layer one and Princess. I'm a delting one.
Corsair this movie has been rated P.U.
What is eight.
No one at five 60 WQM happy at Tuesday today were making them they can do you know what I'm saying we do the best that we can stay off the beach you idiot you they keep showing all these swimmers and these surfers and these punk kids okay probably you'll never see any of them again.
You're going to be dead. But have a good time. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's Pemberg Pines hello.
Pemberg Pines. Hi, Neil. I'm sorry to bother you. You're very busy. I just got off of that means I know no no I just got off of a carnival cruise this Sunday and the ship was paradise.
I really didn't understand it. It was a boat load of Cubans. They are the they are the worst people that I've ever come in contact with when they started to sing God Bless America.
They did not open their mouth when we passed a little island of Cuba they were crying if they love it so much why don't they go back.
Okay, Grant glad you had a good time. 5 6 7 0 5. I mean here we are in the middle of this major crisis we're praying for each other and it's got a same old tired South Florida crap he hates the Cubans they hate him.
Okay, too bad to God damn shifted and sink that's all I can say in your case pal.
I know you're busy but let me express my hatred and content that'll teach you to get on a cruise ship in a first place you moron because once you get on your captive audience and then you find out you're on it with a whole bunch of people that you don't like and they don't like you how do you like that.
So I'm glad you had a crappy time maybe you won't do it again but 5 6 7 0 5 6. You got 500 open lives here this is just like any other day on this show nothing special going on here.
We got a big blow going on there on the outside got a big captive audience out there almost nobody's working nobody's in school they're changing anything on this show.
No, same old crap same old pump those numbers pump it pump it pump it.
We ought to throw that channel 10.01 here although they're in a little bit of a spot right now for David's bridal shop.
So we can sit back here and eat this great pizza from Tony's in peace God this is great stuff Brad I'm telling you Tony's is it's right up there at the top man it's even with the wow it's better every time thanks Brad God bless you and everybody's enjoying it too all the punks around here having a good time with it too bad Igor turned into a real pussy and turned tail and ran to Tampa because of the storm he could be enjoying a free lunch today.
Probably over there at stake and shake right now by the way anybody ever hear any more about no stake and shake out by me now here's Kendall hello.
Hello Neil yes it's blowing over here oh my God Neil yeah how's the air out city it's unbelievable the stupidity of all these people down here they have people calling property managers and asking them about the flowers and plants out on the street that might blow and rip there.
House apart it is unbelievable it's driving them nuts and they won't stop calling them and I mean the waters turned off they have to call and bother him.
It's like this stupidity of these people yeah one word for take a Jared call honey 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line we're plugging away here not too successful either by the way although lunch is great.
Here's a mobile and homestead hello good afternoon.
I'm a hurricane Andrew I was one of the people that I probably didn't believe the hurricane was coming went through hell I seem like a freight train going through our house.
I was prepared with the hurricane season coming in this hurricane here we're very fortunate that it did not hit us right there's a lot of people that don't realize the amount of damage that could have happened.
I believe you know we still got to keep praying for the people off a little more north of us but we got to keep praying for them.
Well I mean I went to hurricane Andrew and it wasn't you know it wasn't nothing fun I know there's a category 5 almost I know went down a hundred and 45 miles per hour you know I'd I if this would have hit us directly this would have made some serious damage first of all home set was only part hit with Andrew.
So we had Miami which is maybe 30 minutes away with all the supplies we needed this would have wiped out basically the whole east coast of Florida which would have pretty much you know had a very serious damage and supplies.
Now I was ready with supplies there was a lot of people out there yesterday going crazy looking for stuff I was at home getting ready for the dolphin game why because I was ready people need to be aware you live in Florida you need to be ready for hurricane.
You know I mean you got four months of season so I mean I just really believe this is something people need to be aware of and prepare for now everybody's going to leave the hurricane shutters up till the end because they're so damn lazy they don't want to even take them off.
Well why shouldn't they leave them up they got this good right on the ass end of this and why should why should they be taking supplies back which would be illegal in the first place and why can they take the shutters down when we got another one right on the ass of this one sir.
That I believe is correct but I mean that's just to let you know the people I mean last last season think that the hurricane we're left all we have to February people leaving hurricane shutters up I mean I agree leaving the hurricane shutters up for the whole season that's great but I mean this you know going out and getting everything in the hurry people should have been ready for this way before this.
Okay listen I'll pray for you thank you 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound I'm praying for myself is what I'm praying for that I can make you to a clock today you think there's a chance.
No I doubt it boy.
Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop you know instead of you know adopting a positive attitude like we dodge the bullet here you know.
It looks like we're going to come out just okay and it could have been like the guy said it could have been a nightmare and like they were saying last night if this would have been two or three weeks earlier in August but we wouldn't have had that cold fronts we've been down from Canada with that real strong cold air to blow this thing in a more North only direction we'd have been in real deep crap but we're not.
That's the good thing you know what I'm sure to include but the fact is that there were some people out there who are going to learn the lesson and there's some other people I guarantee you we haven't heard it today because they don't have the balls we had just a one guy.
They don't have the balls to call and give you some events about the media over reacting because the media didn't over react.
Because when you're sitting there looking at this gigantic enormous category almost five hurricane with 155 mile an hour wins.
And when it's that guy then close and they're telling you well maybe this and maybe not in the model shows this but you never know it's a you've got to be some kind of a moron.
Not to be very very concerned okay.
So what that last guy say anyone five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18t line 1202 a.m.
Hey there this is Wisconsin Al for trapping deeper you know I just got back from seeing notting Hill now what is a deal with that Julia Roberts lips does she have two bottom lips on that face of hers.
Anyways today we want to talk about the white 2k problem and what to do with that beaver you may have trapped during that time you may discover that there is no power after December 31st now there's two things you can do you can build a wood fire in your backyard and that may be possible but you do need to expect to be eating some raw beaver during that time and speaking from experience raw beaver is pretty good right Eddie and you can learn more about this.
From getting my new book eating beaver raw hey Eddie that's not the beaver I was talking about this is with Johnson Al for trapping beaver the again.
1213 at 560 WQ am have we had one facts by the way about anything going on out there or not going on over no one just one Panther game and four Myers canceled the night.
Backstreet boys cancer tonight and tomorrow canceled for the summer 5th and 6.
Permutials close today airlines closing left and right most notably American United and US gear.
560 505 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady in North Miami hello.
Yes ma'am I am the ring princess I have orders from my boss I have orders from my boss and my boss is God and he wants me to tell you that I'll see you in heaven.
Okay great. More on.
560 705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line we're praying for you all the religious nuts come on up it must have been God that's right we're going to get spared but the people in the
Carolina's where they're going to get there going to be people going to die their homes are going to get wiped out the people in the Bahamas some of me the Lutheran the
Abacos they're getting nailed.
God is very selective or maybe some people here just pray a lot harder than those he didn't backstreet in those places you think that might have been it I never thought of that they're just praying harder.
Or maybe we got the right number and they don't.
Here's a lady in vocal hello.
Hey Uncle Neil what the hell was that I'm moron.
You were talking about keeping your shutters up.
Yeah isn't great supposed to be here this weekend in a few days yeah yeah so why go through the trouble of taking them all down to put it up again right and why would anybody want to take
stuff back when we got it's only the middle of September we got two months to go absolutely I agree I've been here since I was two I'm 34 now so figure it out you know we've
written out a lot of these storms but you just have to be prepared I think that every store that sells anything that could even conceivably be used for hurricane supplies should have big gigantic signs and no refunds on hurricane supplies under any
circumstances under penalty of death.
I'll tell you this fears and town center they won't let you return generators or power tools or anything like that.
Good good for them absolutely but anyway I'm glad you're here.
Here I am.
All right we'll take care.
Bye bye.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line is anybody looked outside by the way is it what is it besides gray and the smart cloudy by raining.
No I mean listen far be it from me to suggest we ought to have some contact with the outer world even if it's right out here on 441 and I was very road God forbid which is very close to the county line road.
We're on the top floor yeah let's get a periscope on let's get a pair.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 maybe our engineer can get around to that after he's up there while he's the same time he's up on the roof stick it our little antenna up there that you take him about what 15 minutes maybe at the most.
Here's Miami Beach hello.
I'm at line 6 I'm telling you this phone Miami Beach hello yeah listen I don't know what your local politics can you tell me a little bit about the mayor no.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line let me tell you this about the mayor okay sir he's an asshole here's a mobile and homestead hello.
Mobile and homestead that's got the radio on and back and we can't wait for here's a mobile in Davie hello.
Neil yes sir how are you okay listen it's about time in Canadians it's something to help us out in South Florida.
Meaning what well they sent that cold front down oh that's right yeah we dodge the bullet yeah I never thought about that let's play okay enough a few times all right.
Yeah yeah yeah all right that's all I got thanks for the good news there you go pay back as a bitch that's almost talky season you know maybe that had something to do with it you think so.
No okay 600 open lines here 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line desperate is the word I'm looking for we should you know what I should have just stayed home we could have
both stayed home part of the channel for the stock the spots in there.
Been kind of embarrassing since it's not doing too much out there yet but you know what a sure as hell beat this here's a mobile and Hollywood hello.
Yeah Neil by the way with Venus as Brian's on the air for a long time Brian Norcross as I start blinking really bad and I can't understand.
I can't understand.
What's that I said have a nice day here's Miami Beach hello Miami Beach yeah you want to work report I'm here on a beach only good things are one left here but it's not at all.
I want to be torn on what you said you want to report on the outside world yeah I'm looking at the ocean right now yeah it's still there it's still there huh I'll be god damn I think we'll be all right okay.
People praying when I've been praying to Neil God is the plan for each other to turn that thing away.
Okay pal who created it get back into water.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18p wireless line it's either me or it's the audio from channel 10 you make up your minds boys and girls the next couple of minutes here I'm eating a great lunch from our buddy Brad over at Tony's thanks again Brad this is the only thing I made it worth while coming in today.
Here's cutlerage hello.
Hi Neil I'm a male man thank you post office for paying me to stay on today.
Uh huh.
It's something it's amazing much to do about nothing I think I'm going to do my yard after your show okay bye bye.
Okay have a good time.
Yeah I mean you're talking about overreacting in fact how come they're canceling stuff for tomorrow based on stuff that was supposed to happen today.
The hurricane as we speak right now is obviously north of Miami okay it's still over 200 miles to our east it's moved north of Miami.
It was based on the 11 a.m. coordinates it was 25.4 north latitude which is just about I think Miami 25.7.
And another hour to it'll be north of Rower County in a couple of hours so what are they talking about what is the mayor doing on there.
Bapapapa going like this is because people aren't over reacting getting psychotic I thought the idea of a community leader is to try to keep everybody calm to get them to do the appropriate things when it's time to evacuate like yesterday when he said you go out there and you do your thing and that's it.
Not to get everybody worked up into a frenzy which is what he wants because that makes him into a big shot that's what one man to get a probably told him.
Here's a mobile in north lottery hello hello Neil yes sir how you doing great traveling from focus south not too bad I 95 is pretty clear yeah rain and just a little bit wanted to ask you what's up with the makeup on.
And a lot of day and that Kristie Kruger on channel 10. Was it my TV or did those guys look like a had a real bad makeup.
I think the word you're looking for is mummified in Dwight's case. Yeah well you pancake you can't get that in the show.
Somebody can ask a worse mummy and they can point it white. Kristie Kruger look like a little raccoon like they spray.
I don't even know who that is. I know I know Diane Magnum was dressed up like a cheap hooker I saw that.
You see her I mean I have a god damn hurricane she's dressed up like she's going to a costume party or something. What was that.
Kristie Kruger look like she sprayed the sun tan stuff all over except for her.
She took what Britney Spears didn't get the other night the MTV Awards okay thank you.
I don't even know who Kristie Kruger is you know who that is. I don't know who that is.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and T wireless line quite frankly I don't give a crap how any of them look I'd like I said before I think most of them did a pretty good then good job.
Any were on there from around noon yesterday or before then all the way through the afternoon all the way through the night all the way through the overnight.
They're still on there now go and I think I most of them did a pretty good job nice going guys.
And so damn rare day in hell when I'll tell you that but I think they did a pretty damn good job especially done no and the others.
Here's for Lauderdale hello.
Hey Neil yes sir.
I'm feeling the effects of the storm as we speak in for Lauderdale.
Yeah my cables out.
Really?
Yeah you know my cable went out about 5 15 yesterday luckily for only about 4 5 minutes and I thought here we go with media one again there's not a cloud in the sky yet and already they're practicing but it stayed on luckily.
I wish for Lauderdale had a mayor like mayor pingo so he could tell me what to do when my cable goes out.
Yeah that's a good point.
You know so what I'm going to do my house is a tomb I have shutters on every window.
Yeah.
I'm going to turn off all the lights take a nice power nap it falls sweet listen to the Neil God.
Okay God bless you.
Thank you sir.
I'll pray for it.
Alright okay.
Yes matter of fact somebody who was your last night talking about I think it was a little Brian talking about going into the closet.
You think you might be going back?
Oh boy.
Yeah I'm serious.
People were calling in with questions to channel four and somebody asked about you know is it a safe place to hide in a bathtub in this place in a car in the garage or in the closet.
He said he prefers it in the closet is what Brian said.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Canis Matsumoto that's our poll question today little Brian or Bill Kamal.
Here's Halondale hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah.
Wait it's so long I forgot to add the tape.
That's alright I'll kill some time.
Alright.
Yeah.
Oh okay that was it.
Thank you.
It killed like a 15 20 seconds.
5 6 if we can just get about two 300 of those between now and two we'll have it licked.
5 6 7 0 5 60 that's our toll free number for all the whole world and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Perine hello.
How are you doing Neil?
Okay sir.
I was through Andrew and I saw everybody whining about the member Steve Clark the S&T mayor and the where is the calorie from Kate Meal and all that.
Yeah.
Well I don't know maybe mayor or mayor wanted because he's just trying to make up for last crowd.
Oh is that what it is?
I don't know.
We need to do like Steve Clark and just go have a good stiff felt there to and leave us alone.
It's going to be a matter of five.
Have a nice one.
Okay and back to you.
Time to let your down in the barrel and cut leverage while Christopher has had their problems.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the lady in Hollywood hello.
Hello Neil.
First of all we want to thank you for being on the radio today.
Yeah this audience like the guy said from Frisco that faggot they called before.
This audience doesn't appreciate I could have stayed home that it easily.
You could have definitely if I were to stayed out the whole rest of the staff would have had the day off.
If I would have had enough balls to say hey we're not coming in tomorrow.
We're really glad you did.
I have a question to ask you.
How many more days do we have to go without guiding light?
Today's number three.
Yeah and especially now that we can't get CBS on the big satellite dish anymore it's pretty deathifying.
Yeah because Friday was tennis when we missed it then.
Right.
The mystery of Frisco's hurricane coverage and today again.
Yeah.
And Riva and Riva still don't want to go home.
How do you like that?
Great love story huh?
I don't know.
What a crazy bitch.
How we targeted this our kid.
Pathetic.
Well look who the mother is.
That's very true.
But anyway we just want to say that this is a good house for the whatever comes in but I just like to call my husband Joe who's listening right now in the house with me.
A douche ride.
Okay I'll pray for you.
Thank you.
I'll say a couple of brokhas for you.
Thank you so much.
See ya.
Right.
Let's pray for the goya mouth there.
Come on the back there's their praying for the Jews.
All of us Jews.
Let's pray for the goya.
We're going to our hands together for the goya mouth.
Okay.
Or let's just defeat them with the lions.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
12, 25, a QA.
Like I said our sales department out there they've been in touch with us.
I mean all through the morning here.
Haven't they been right on top of it?
No.
Telling us who's open, who's closed, what's going on with your account?
No.
No.
I'm in Bereth for you people in the sales department.
I especially in Bereth for a screw-in.
Okay.
Because you've got a bunch of like kindergarten children in your sales department who will do
absolutely, you know what?
That's the model here at QA.
We basically have a situation and I'm not exaggerating when I say this.
It starts right at the top with a management and works all the way down.
People will only do what you force them to do.
Whether it's legally or by whatever means, by threats.
People here will only do what you force them to do.
They won't just automatically like it's part of their job.
Do something.
Has that ever happened?
No.
So thank you sales department for keeping us totally in the dark on stuff from some people by the way
who are spending a lot of money on this radio station every week, every year.
I know if I were in the sales department at that other joint up at 2200 on a radio dial,
I'd be hopping on some of those people right away saying hey I can get you some service.
No audience but the service anyway.
Can't have everything.
26 past noon at QA.
You better f***.
My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's sales.
My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's sales.
My ain't it's sales.
My ain't it's sales.
Hi kids.
You all like cut little skinkens?
That's my little sound that comes right out your fingers.
Want to copy me and do exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about boo-boo.
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't sit down with spits girl I'm gonna fart on.
Hey Dr. Dreass.
Yo, man you passed this.
Hey I'm not.
What do I smell ass?
Man you look wet.
Well C-H12 it seemed like I always smelled like rock ripin' gases and juxtapins was pretty swell.
I got this job when I took my jeans off and bought it so hard it turned my underwear backwards like crisscross.
And every night I'm like oh dinner and half then torn out my ass fast and I'm fat made to hate you fat.
Smell this honey.
Yo, get away from me and stuff girl.
I don't give a f*** god sent me to take the world up.
My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's sales.
My ain't it's my ain't it's sales.
My ain't it's teacher wanna me kick out back in junior high.
Said the problem was something pro that my ass and die.
I shot him in the face with my vape with the worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walked in the strip club my testers will fill up.
Moons of Bob Tennis took a dump at a tip club.
Went over to a dancer had a f*** in her goss.
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father.
99% of my life I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got all gas and I do.
I told her I throw up to be a famous rapper.
Make a record about strange noises made on the crap.
You know you was dirt when the women rushed to leave.
You drive the whole back but you wasn't even released.
This guy at White Castle said it was pretty cool.
But I had to go.
Go drop the kids off and the pool.
My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's sales.
My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's sales.
My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's sales.
Thank you.
1233 and 560 W.
Here as much as we like you done.
Done.
No.
As much as we like you the fact that you're standing in front of the state there.
We see where the eye is.
Okay.
You see that big brown eye?
Yeah.
That's the one.
But it would be nice to see where in relationship we know it was already even with Miami.
Like where it is in relationship with Howard.
As it continues moving on the northwest soon to be a do north.
Of course.
And he's standing right in front of the peninsula.
Damn it.
5607 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey how you doing Neil.
All right.
Hey what do you think about that dolphin game yesterday?
I don't.
Here's a mobile invoke.
Okay hello.
Nearly baby.
Yes sir.
Mobile, how are you?
All right.
Hey let me ask you a question.
Why does it take longer to pump the last 15 cents of gas than it does the first 20 dollars?
Meaning what?
Meaning the pops from some stops when it's 50 cents a kind of thing that you spend your life worrying about.
That's the kind of thing you spend your time worrying about pal.
I would say that would solve all your problems right now.
Easy and painless.
So let's just quick solve our problems too.
5607 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in the what is that?
NOrland.
Hello.
Hello.
I worked for the post office.
How are you doing today?
Great.
Okay no mail.
Where's our mail dammit?
It was so cute this morning because you know this news station that I'm not going to mention.
Why not?
0610 right?
Oh my god.
610?
Right they told us.
W-I-O-D-O-I hate that station.
Yeah.
They told us to listen in to see if we need to go to work this morning.
Yeah.
So I'm listening from about the 4 5 30.
Finally about 6 o'clock they say yes postal workers are supposed to report for work.
And so I said well I guess I'll get my let out of bed and go.
The cute thing is my daughter works over in Hollywood which was a evacuation area.
She says she has to go in a little later than me and I said they gave us this hot curtain watchers set hotline.
Hot hurricane hotline yeah.
Right and I said well why don't you call and see if they want you to go in over there right?
So she calls it and they say no.
They didn't update it.
They said clock tomorrow.
Oh they had a recording that nice.
So when did they final let you know about 10 o'clock is what I heard?
They let us go about 10 o'clock right?
Oh so in other words you already went in and they sent you home?
Right we went in we chased now.
Which we're going to do every tomorrow.
Yeah.
After you threw rifling through it.
Hope there's some good checks in there for you.
So you know.
You know what those envelopes look like you know the government checks.
Right but the two thing on this radio station they said we need to report the bosses are going to have a meeting at eight o'clock.
Yeah.
And let us know what's going on after we already are in there right?
When they're going to let us go home.
Well that's not a deep for you.
What a long way how they fall into the bottom it just makes me very happy to see it.
Have a great day sweetheart.
Thank you.
Okay and don't spend it all in one place.
Okay there's our letter carriers they're rifling through our mail now because they went to work they took the stuff home.
They're giving them extra time to go through it you know.
It would be like the luggage people at the airport having the day off today maybe some of those people.
They can take some of the luggage that's laying around you know take it home and the go shopping at home.
And then bring it back.
It'll be a lot lighter.
They could try the stuff on.
Yeah.
See if it fits.
Or they can just take it to the pawn shop.
Sign in with Conan and then to it.
5.6 and don't forget.
I'm okay.
It's going to blow.
Oh man I'll tell you my head is just splitting from these people.
5.670560.
Pound 560 or maybe I need a good banana split you know.
What?
Well that sounds like heaven.
God I haven't had a banana split in years.
You think it's a public's open today do we know is the supermarket's open?
We don't know.
We don't know anything.
Let's look at the window.
I want you to understand we know nothing.
We know absolutely positively nothing.
Just like yesterday I last night on Channel 7 they had some bin bed at one of the home depots against the one in Oakland.
And she's going on and showing all the people in there.
A lot of smarts is by the way.
But anyway all these people buy an air lumber and do this stuff and going frantic.
And she says oh by the way home depot will be open tomorrow and they'll have to probably close it.
But sometimes they're in the next few days.
But they will be open tomorrow and Rick's matches comes on and says oh by the way Vicki if they indicate that they're going to be open tomorrow at all.
And I'm thinking oh my god.
Go back out there on the dock of the bay okay Ricky just squat over it one more time maybe the wind will blow the big blow in the right direction.
We can all say.
Floyd did something great.
No indexing no public but people said that some Albertsons were open.
Oh.
But why is that?
Why is publics closed today?
I guess I'm going to have to go to my gas station to get fish food or something like that.
What a bunch of crap that is.
A lot of people overreacting and I think the mayor may have had something to do with it.
I don't want to start pointing the accusatory finger with him or one mediator or good post-personal buddy.
From back in the WI D days.
I don't want to start pointing my finger with them causing some people to overreact a little bit.
I guess well you know all their employees they had had the day off.
How about out by me either do those employees live east you think the ones who live out way out there who work in the by the sawgrass.
No.
I doubt it.
I mean how come they don't have a little bit of rush one is how come they don't say well this thing is going to pass this by.
We'll be open from like three to eleven today to serve the public.
Why don't they do that?
Doesn't that make a lot of sense we'll be open from like five to eleven this evening so we can replenish your fish food and get a bunch of good crap.
Are they doing that?
No.
21 before one at five sixty WQM are you looking congratulations get a life.
From forty five at five sixty WQM I just want to say this again they keep showing these asshole punks over there on a hall over beach.
It's not funny.
It's not amusing.
It's not the fun.
It's pathetic.
And some of us are starting to get kind of surly about it in which you would all die all you idiots out there all you suicidal morons lunatics.
Crazy people.
See I don't understand they're giving out warnings for this fifty dollar tickets you know they give you a ticket and you have to pay a citation fifty bucks.
Why don't they arrest these people?
This is a local emergency situation.
Why don't they go in there and arrest them they give them a warning first and then they arrest their ass and they lock them away because they're danger to themselves.
Or should we just let them drown you think.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the or we just pray for them let's pray for all those any other kids are a two stupid to understand okay.
That's are going to get blown away.
Here's cruel spring.
Hello.
Yes sir.
First of all thank you very much it's so nice to have a real live person to talk to.
And you call me earlier today and it was a very brief call it seems to me.
No you didn't.
Okay that's a big, large, twin brother.
And none of this syndicated crap that they have on the other stations.
And second of all.
I have never talked to one person who has listened to W.A.F.N. the Waffer.
And I haven't spoken to one person a sports nerd and I'm a person and anybody who's ever listened to that besides maybe very jackass.
Well my dog likes it because he likes the high frequency.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And everybody's calling and praying today.
I was praying you could play the Polish share.
The one?
The Polish share music.
Do you believe in love?
Oh okay.
Thanks.
See ya.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05.
He's talking about the instrumental thing right?
Which you have memory service correct.
Oh it's on the disk I don't have in there.
Okay one moment please.
Why don't I have that to the dinner?
You wonder why?
There's a lot of crap on it.
Yeah put channel 10 on there first.
I wouldn't have to go off the way you can use that power.
A lot of that could be just trees.
Don Irman.
I love his stole by the way.
I think he's getting to die down getting a little more quiet at this point.
How bad did it get though?
What point was this?
Oh there he is.
How long have I time did you have the roaring winds and the strong winds?
Get her off of there okay.
What did she say about the flaming what?
What was she talking about?
Okay I'm wondering is that Christie Kruger that's on channel 10 right now she and on the screen right now?
But they're going to think of the hurricane of the eye.
Speaking of eyes is she the cross-eyed one that's on right now I think?
Oh yeah the cross-eyed one.
Christie.
Here's Hollywood hello.
Neil I love the share poker song that is hilarious.
Anyway it's a story.
Number one with a board man.
Well I'm sitting home with my girlfriend today the only thing we're watching.
We're listening to you watching channel pen and I'm trying to get her to give me a low job to do her game.
Missed us but she's saying her keep hurt and I can't find it then just open.
And to sell?
Yeah but anyway Neil.
Yeah I like color douchebag please.
Mickey Winer you are a douchebag.
Oh you are shine.
Yeah I get it you are still a good luck pack.
No chance.
Call up Monica she's the only Jew that we found other than that I don't want to mention her name because he's split up with her.
5 6 7 0 plus those are only rumors anyway.
A lot of stories.
You know how those kids are.
A lot of stories talk a lot.
Don't do too much.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on a AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami hello.
Hey Neil I do it.
Great.
Yeah I appreciate you going on today.
Hey we're just here we decided to turn from the TV to your station.
Right.
And I appreciate you putting that in and so on.
I just turned off the volume in the restaurant.
Back home.
That'll do it.
Yeah man we were all here down because we had to come to work.
What about the eye of the hurricane concentrate on three segments favorite the big brown eyes.
That's right.
Well I appreciate you going on today.
Okay.
And the back to you.
There's a guy that appreciates my being here for him today.
Okay and a day when I could have very easily said all it's going to be bad tomorrow.
Bluff I spoke to bluff yesterday.
I could have said well you know it don't look to the better make contingency plan.
Just open up the pot and put channel 10 on there.
Get off you stuff.
But I don't do that.
I'm not one of those slackards.
Okay. In fact I'm used to being here.
I'm used to being useful on these days.
Am I useful today?
No.
No only for amusement sake.
Because like I said not a facts not a phone call not a telegram not a letter not a note slipped into the door.
From anybody in the world about anything because this radio station is so removed from the real world.
You know what we're in?
La la land.
We're in the world of ball games of make believe that's what we're in a world of.
Yeah.
Because Greg Reed is a hill.
He's five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
He's pulling up another notch in his thing.
I'll tell you that right now.
Correct him.
Yeah that's where he's putting it.
Here's homestead.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
You heard anything about that cruise ship that lift.
I saw that Disney ship.
Yeah what happened to him man?
I don't think you see them no more.
Let's roll the cracker back then that water man.
I've been waiting.
Have you ever seen crackers in the water?
No not like they only float for a few minutes.
Okay pal.
We saw that was yesterday right was during the show.
They showed these crazy people on this big Disney cruise ship and they were
They were leaving from somewhere up the coast and they're trying to make it down to
Cosmell okay.
Well we're going to try to beat the storm you think they're going to beat it.
No we'll see them no more like Paulie and Godfather one.
They sleep at the fishes crazy people people getting on cruise ships.
We're not talking about three or four days while this thing is out there you know in the middle of the Atlantic.
We're talking it's like a few miles out there where it's it's in the Bahamas already.
And we've got people on cruise ships well let's see if we can just beat that sucker okay.
You think we can do it?
Well let's give it a shot anyway like these asshole kids out there at Hall over Beach.
They should look at that there they are again and you know something the word here's Lieutenant Ron Lebreck put him on.
The crack down at the hangars because then they'll get destroyed when the storm passes so people really need to get away from the water at this point because it's extremely dangerous.
It sounds like you had quite a big task to secure all the crap from the island.
And here's some theory of the island going on.
We started preparing to the hurricane as many as five days ago.
Get a little kid out there.
Yeah we're the parents for some little kid that's out there right now that's going to wind up going out to see huh.
Like Natalie would going out to see with the tide.
Oh and that's another great line Rick Sanchez had life that what time is high tide not or ten o'clock around there.
I'm serious there about three or four times when they almost laughed him out of the studio last night with his in-ing questions.
Here is a man who knows nothing other than being melodramatic in a very phony ass way.
Here is a man who knows nothing who is dangerous.
I'm surprised that when he was over there leaning over to God damn a seawall on the edge of a biscane bay there by where we used to a park back behind the old IOD.
I'm surprised we didn't see a foot on Rick's back to the wall.
Oh that won't see him no more man overboard.
God I was praying to see that talk about praying for you don't take it personally Rick unless you want to.
By the way that guy still don't feel too good you know the one you hit in front of the stadium after you had a couple of good.
Here is Boka hello.
Hey Neil yes sir.
How are you doing?
Great thanks for coming in.
I'm the liturant Boka and like the other lady we were told to come into work but at ten o'clock they sent us out on the street.
They deliver mail.
Oh they did.
Yeah so I don't know if it's about...
I'm out of the people in Boka where you guys are going to get the worst wins you're getting 40 to 80 mile an hour winds up in Palm Beach County.
And we're all getting 30 to 60 and Broward in 20 to 40 in date.
Somebody ought to get 10 to 20 for that.
Well I don't know what the difference is how much different the weather conditions can be from Palm Beach to Broward County.
Yeah.
You know.
How do you like that?
The Broward County people don't want to deliver our mail.
But the people out there in Palm Beach are doing their duty like that old saying goes through rain and storms and hurricane cliff Lloyd.
You know you think of it a little confusion that they had sent in letter carriers to work after Andrew.
Right.
You know that they were learned that they had some kind of plan.
Right.
No plan.
No. That's where he goes.
That's our meeting.
Everybody know that it might be on an office basis or a city basis so check in.
I'll go up to Boka and get some mail.
Okay do that.
Thanks.
Bye.
Okay let's go up and write full through the mail and Boka.
Okay we can't get any in date and Broward.
Now what's the story for tomorrow by the way the school is going to be close tomorrow you think they are they've already decided that.
I think they said the next two days.
No no don't say you think.
Well the way we do it on this show okay we think they're close forever.
I'm pretty uncertain.
Yeah you're pretty uncertain.
And by the way you know I hate to break the news to some of you idiots out there who usually like on a regular school they go racing through the school zone out there by the ball by the stadium on Ives Derry Road just the east of the stadium.
Yeah on a school day they go through their 60 70 miles an hour with the lights flashing and kids trying to cross the street in the crossing guards having nervous breakdown.
But today so the lights were flashing because it's automated okay it's on a timer.
And there's somebody else who's slowing down slamming on their brakes slowing down.
Are there any crossing guards are there any kids are there any cars parked in the lot.
Is there any school is anybody with a brain know that.
Oh.
You just take a look at the behavior of these people behind the wheel.
And you realize what a tremendous 23 years I've been here forget about surviving on the air in this deadass time forget about that part just surviving driving.
As in just about every day of my life with a bunch of crazy people who are coolest coolest and that's under perfect conditions that's under ideal situations much less whatever's going on right now the big blow.
Here's Miami hello.
Meal. Yes sir I wanted to ask you you have you've mentioned that you had two dogs at home.
Uh huh. Yeah are they okay yes like you yeah no like you more like you little bullet on have a bullet on terrier.
And then the other ones are brownie hound.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
The 18 oh by the way speaking of those great men and Jerry's flavors.
Isn't that the a new flavor brownie hound I think I think that's it.
Oh no you New York super fun. Well that's close chunky monkey like last caller fish mood cherry garcia triple caramel chunks of them to can pie.
One thing you can do even though the supermarkets are closed right now let me give you a little tip a little bit of advice.
Head for your nearest convenience store or gas station because they're all open today you know what I'm saying.
Here they are and you'll find an freezer compartment Ben and Jerry's just about everywhere what about Walgreens by the way in
Eckerds are they are open today do we know that we have any idea we don't know because if they are they also both of those
are changed stock Ben and Jerry's up the old back down all over the place because everybody in the world loves Ben and Jerry's made
with all natural ingredients pure Vermont cream big chunks of great sweet stuff and never any preservatives or
artificial additives you're going to love Ben and Jerry's so why you're kind of locked in the house there you're a captive audience you know go
down the street to the convenience store gas station stock up on 15 20 30 points of fish food get 15 or 20 of those fish sticks to the
tidy over in between bites and have yourself a party okay it's the real deal or you check out the Ben and Jerry's
scoop shops and have a tour and mind and beach if we had a real sales department we know if they're open today too.
This is 560 QAM.
Okay, it's getting low.
It's the water to the water.
It's great.
I'm queer and my addition I'm a back who likes to involve.
I'm here to return to fish.
It's not that bad at all.
I need maybe to step through the water to survive.
It's so kind of easy.
This is your first time.
So let's go and see Brad.
He's a proud high high high.
He's a beetle that's no bad.
I'm not a beetle that's no bad.
I'm not a beetle that's no bad.
I'm not a beetle that's no bad.
Hello, please be more careful.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Will you fudge back him?
102 at 560 WQ.
I mean, back any old days on WI.
I will.
We used to give you all the information in the school,
closing, and all this other crap.
And now we're just here to, uh,
screw around because we don't know anything here on QM.
And I guess that's the best way.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Ignorance is bliss.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, Tony Segredo was talking about, you know,
it's still dangerous.
Still in person.
And there's still dangerous conditions.
Then he says it's passing over the Grand Bahamas.
Let's see if we can get that woman on the phone
who we talked to two hours ago.
Yeah.
How are they going to have phone service in the Bahamas
if this massive storm is passing over it?
Yeah.
And you watch it, you're getting a little bit
carried away.
Your thinking process has gone way past Tony's capacity.
And they're showing.
I think Tony's worried about his dilemma.
I'm going to pick him in Jennifer up.
Why are they showing the beaches?
They're telling people not to go.
It's like going to football.
Yeah, they keep showing it over you exactly.
I was thinking that before.
They've shown us 50,000 times.
I'm watching 10 myself.
And they keep showing it over and over again.
All these asshole punk kids.
And the more they show it, the more other assholes
are going to go out there.
Even this asshole here, I want to go out there now.
There you go.
Well listen, we'll pray for you.
Neil.
Yeah.
One more thing.
Tell the hookers to go back to work.
I mean, we need something to do.
Okay.
All right, thanks.
Is that how that song go?
Rain drops keep falling on your head?
Five, six, seven.
Oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T Rivas line.
Thought it was rain drops.
Here's a Dania.
Hello.
Dania.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, you are the worst.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, let's go to Gainesville.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I haven't been pranked for you just saying, though.
Uh-huh.
I guess I'll tell you, appearing Gainesville people are going crazy.
They only understand about a hurricane.
What about 80 miles in when?
I mean, so we're not going to get that bad.
But, uh, UF school has been canceled the rest of today in all dates.
Why?
Based on what?
Based on the fact that these people are nuts.
They see this thing.
It's wherever it is.
We're 80 miles inland.
But, uh, they have no idea what it's like.
I was talking to my friends yesterday and then we're both from South Florida.
I went to, uh, the school in Broward County, so she, uh, so she,
and, uh, we're used to this stuff.
Uh, the weather looks perfect.
We're probably going to get some rain.
Can't beat that gator meat.
Yeah.
That's what I keep on saying to, uh,
to all of them, but, um,
they're still doing it.
They're still doing it.
It's unbelievable.
And, uh, the other stuff too.
Okay.
Well, good luck to you, pal.
Don't need them.
Give our buddy JP a big kiss on the lips for me.
All the time, you know.
Okay.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six,
now that guy would let him, uh, stand a little bit longer,
but he was stammering a little bit.
You are the wet.
I think that was, uh, Tony Cigarero.
Silly person, Tony, you're a silly person with no credibility.
Okay.
You sit there with those raccoon eyes,
and I said, way in the back of your head.
And everybody knows that even though you're talking
and pretending about a hurricane,
all you're thinking about is Danny Boy,
Danny Boy, Jimmy Boy, Danny Boy,
because you're a silly person, okay?
You're a silly goose, Tony, with no credibility.
You're a sports nerd.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Okay. There's that.
Thank God. Let's hear it for Greg Reed's phone system.
Oh, no.
Only took three hours and five minutes to get another one of those.
We ever gonna get a phone system in here that works?
No.
Oh, I think we will. Very soon.
I think he might not be aware of it,
but I think we will real soon.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
You know, yes, sir.
Hey, my mom told us that the beach.
You got the beach?
Yeah, she went to the beach about an hour ago.
Uh-huh.
Hey, guess what? I saw in the Bahamas two weeks ago.
I'm J.
Yeah.
Oh, I hope he's still there.
Yeah, I was just gonna say, I hope he's still there.
That would be great.
Hey, uh, if this is, uh, if it's under,
was it a blowjob, then I guess Floyd's a hand job?
Okay, whatever you say.
How come he didn't quit after Roger?
Wouldn't that have been a real good idea?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Or at least after.
Roy!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
As we continue searching for a very pertinent information here today.
This is the station you want to stay glued to 24 hours a day.
What? What? What? What are you laughing about?
24 hours a day, morning noon and night.
You know, some really important information.
Okay. We'll give you the odds on games that haven't been invented yet
with kids that are playing that haven't been born yet.
In fact, uh, what time?
And this is all right.
Head, capital, and won't be on the right.
What does that say?
Oh, that's right.
We got the ball game at San Francisco.
Won't be able to run on the morning.
And then we got J.T. the brick.
Anybody listening to that piece of crap?
No.
No, no. No word in the country. There's anybody listening to that.
And if they do, they wouldn't admit it.
Here's Miami Lake. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
When Rick Sanchez was standing next to that seawall last night,
I was praying to God that a giant sea squib would pop up
and just grab his ass and pull him along the way.
I would have loved it.
I would have loved it.
I was saying several prayers about it.
And he takes that cheap Austin brick jacket off and he holds it up in the air.
Look, look, look, look, look at the wind blowing my jacket.
And he knows how they sent Craig Stevens up there to Melbourne.
I thought he was going to fly away and about.
I bear guarantee he'd, by the time they finished with every 40 only,
had one toe in the sand.
Right.
He's holding the jacket up, right?
And then this guy comes in on the right side of the street with his wibbret.
Don't be doing that.
You go, he's your jacket, you know?
He's got the Rudy Poo.
Mucculator Neil.
Okay, thanks.
What did Brian Andrews do in the middle of all this?
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And by the way, also what did Adam do?
He's a lefty Rick and such, Joe.
Which I forgot to mention at the other day.
Good luck, Adam.
You'll need it.
What's he doing now?
He's doing marketing at the sunset.
Well, it's got to be, it's got to be working with Rick.
This is five, 60, QAF.
I just would never seen anything that vivid and that massive.
Okay.
I'm such a beautiful singer.
All the guys they want me from the old to the teenager.
I am hot, I have to say.
I seem real good by acting so okay, God, I was good.
I have a chance with this beautiful singer.
I got so trees that you might and a body I'd like to show.
With my soft and creamy sides, how to kid you never know.
To see me is to want me.
Got a good time for me.
My brother's tax with me.
You see me all over MTV.
Now that is 40 years.
I know you want me.
Beautiful singer.
What is her name?
The one that's on the front side of it.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Here's a fact that there are jetskiers and intercostal down by the grove who ought to die.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
No weather band radio.
That's what they got on the ear now.
You are going to show us a thing or two.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to see a real all sports station.
I would love to meet my class teacher and
over on them
i just drove past it over on griffin road farm stores is open
well i thought albert's is open albert farm stores is for red next
listen to me yeah you have to go your car though
but what if they don't have anything i want that's the problem
okay albert's is open there's one over and you know griffin and palm
yeah and there's one over on universe what about Jackson's ice cream parlor
indenium
you know i i you know i've been wanting to jackson's
they make the best chocolate mall
well i haven't been there in years i love jackson's
besides the free
free yeah long gone
they have all these big huge goopy concoctions got it
that's a place to go with diabetic coma with a big smile on your
it's the best
yeah when i dania beach boulevard in the uh...
or whatever
but this is serious public and when dixie arc
blown
when bixie closed at noon
i live over and then and uh... cooper city there in the two lakes
the one by me uh... closed at twelve o'clock or got there like twelve oh one
they're standing there with the with a gun thing you can't go and yeah and there's
i would say that i'm on the way looter is alert in a half an hour okay go ahead
what's that i said that the looters are going to give all the locations for the
looters in about half an hour so so so wait a second i i don't know if you ever
if you if you ever saw the guy or not uh... mark a lotner
yeah well he's dead for five years and nobody told him on channel seven
i don't know if you ever i i i i had the you know he's about two feet tall
i had the unfortunate yeah i want that that that i had public
with a second if the guy if the guy ever loses this status is senior as senior reporter
yeah all he all he needed a shine box
right it could shoot shine right in fact that he could use the box anyway just uh...
ordinary business every day it's it's it's it's so that's the world's
series right looking in his kid there even shorter than he is really how the
guy reproduced i don't know i maybe got the steps to on climate right i confuse
them with buddy nevin ever see him together okay pal i have a buddy ever great
life we know all you supermarket employees are doing today you're looking for
the glory holes five six seven oh five sixty five five can you imagine the
stuff that goes on in supermarkets you know like real late at night in the
tea rooms and we're in the back room there in the stock rooms wow i can't even
begin to imagine what goes on in those supermarkets
but i'll start thinking about it here's a lot of day i'll buy the sea hello
video yes sir you're a trooper i really appreciate it you're on the radio i'm a super
trooper person that's right and you're absolutely right about done though i have
uh... for the best i have friends from up north that live on the interco
store his girlfriend is i can tear from the other stations you know
the panic they're uh... doing i told them they said it's gonna turn north and uh...
they're getting good at this forecasting thing they're looking you know their
technology is getting better right
it's certainly beats like uh... live with earth quays or something like that
that's right like all those barbarians on a west coast
yeah i i there than that's where i yesterday on baby they just
pull them right out they're all panicky they don't even look in where they're
going they're driving like crazy
uh... i i i thought you before i thought you'd get them to probably
hit on holidays i wonder if you could might possibly get a chance to play
that back by things okay i'll work on them and
see okay what is no
done five six seven oh five sixty count five sixty
on the eighteen to you are the slime we're just rolling along singing along we
could we can put channel ten on here we could have just put the audio on here
taking the day off and play the you know a bunch of crap like that but no we're
super trooper first pal we come on here and we do our goddamn thing and we do
our best to do and not like the goddamn postal workers in date and
broward and by the way it's not the workers who made the decision it's the
higher ups it's some assholes in positions of authority who decided you don't
need to get your mail today because it's so dangerous even though in Palm
Beach County where they're going to have higher winds and more rain even though
they're getting the goddamn mail at least in boca
i think it's the mayor i don't want to start pointing the accusatory
finger but i will anyway i think it's the mayor that got everybody a little bit
too panicky here today i can understand yesterday although we didn't need to be
on there more than 30 or 40 times an hour
but today irresponsible baby five thirty this morning there was all we needed
to know and there is the mayor say
and then ten thirty this morning comes on he's disappointed because people aren't
psychotic enough instead of the drinking in the national garden there to
shoot those many acts out at hollover beach oh god wouldn't you love to see
that yeah after all it's only a few days past the 30th
anniversary of Kent State here's Miami hello
hello yes sir i think you're great man okay thank you
here's a mobile and four-letter hall hall i mean over why are you great
okay i just
in reference to the hurricane names i i think if they get the
hard i should name it hurricane
correct them
what do you think
you know as soon as i heard his voice i remember there was something really
desperately wrong as soon as i heard that telling his voice
i thought to myself run run for the hills then i saw sam come in and i knew
it was time to run for the hills sam came in with his
Jordan night blow up dog by way sam says Jordan floats
like a butterfly and things like a queen bee is what he said something like
that
who's that's like most of sam's buddies here's north bay village hello
hey nil yes sir please don't leave us alone with George again man if you're
not interested in play-dose there's nothing okay thanks
that a little bit was that a delayed reaction on it uh i mean today is like
the 14th of September this is my second week back from vacation a little bit
on the slow side there sir you should have called last week when we're ripping
George's ass for pursuing all of his his perverted sexual activities on the
radio show i don't want to say nothing about any of the
interns either should have said what happened last
Saturday i don't want to hear about it here's my me be chill out
nil yes sir okay yeah my name is just a ghost town and i want to get something
even everything is closed yeah so what's new might be
beaten to go yeah yeah now people i mean
a few people i can't get what's on what's gonna happen all those drug addicts
shop beach they must uh find someplace maybe they want to the airport
maybe isn't it i mean i don't even think they're selling drugs here today yeah
okay i said they went to the airport publishing their ramp rants
there's a few people uh out there by the way we have an announcement many of the
airlines have closed their cancel their flights today at the airports however
the ramp rants are still in full operation if you want to get the good stuff i'm
sorry go ahead yeah there's a uh i don't know about 15 maybe 20 people on
Collins Avenue yeah yelling and screaming off yet we are here
yeah i don't know i guess yeah if it's the end of the world
i heard that uh power of here's Jewish brother and law was out there on a
source screaming the Cubans are coming something like that
they're ready here okay i know that was the point
five six seven oh five sixty pine uh pine five sixty on a sea i'm all nervous
now i see pine i was thinking of pint like a pint of uh
i bet your best can robin just closed do it do you want all these places
closed see this is wrong mr mayor you're wrong
you're full of crap there is no emergency situation in date county and in
browner counting at the moment we have some winds we have some rain
period we have some high tides we got some rip tides
which maybe those kids will drown in we can have a big party and celebrate it
about tomorrow and about your morons they were i'm going to tell you right now if
anybody drowns out there who's screwing around at the beaches
and somebody calls in on this show in the next few days oh wasn't that a shame
i'm going to tell you right now the answer is no
these people should be taken away and put in goddamn in straight jackets for
attempted suicide attempted public suicide that's what they're doing
and by the way now that you see all these kids getting killed on these
rides and amusement parks i think now is a real good time to check out the
take your kids that you don't ever want to see again take them to the latest
roller coasters and see what happens try your luck
now better yet try their luck
why do people do that do they have to do they no seriously they have a secret
death wish i think that must be what it is uh-huh death wish
we used to have a thing called the wild mouse at the Roseland Park in
canadaigle in the york and then some kids got killed on it and no more wild
mouse no they said all your kids out there where the wild mouse is illegal
where that can Jenny i think said that here's a mobile and four-letter deal
hello hey Neil how's it going okay thanks for being there a number one
yes sir two i just if you want a good sandwich i just came from the deli then they're open
yeah and i just had my pizza but i need my uh desert yeah
the pastries are tremendous no uh and the other thing is i i call everyone so
i'm not chronic but i i don't understand the towns
love and or slash hate for rick sentias because he is an idiot i know
personally right i see him on tv he's an idiot i know i'm personally too
any of these idiots that's right and yet the town they watch him
help me with this oh but because we had a lot of liars out there i don't know
what it is maybe it's like this program there are a lot of people tell you what
national i am and they hate me like poison and they listen every day i don't
know what it is well i was the only difference being that i'm a tremendous
talent and he's an asshole but other than that that's true but it's frightening to think
that it's tremendous talent and not the whatever the sucking up or whatever
tremendous talents you are yeah and then you get an idiot like this and people watch him
having a frightening guess what i'm making more money in here yeah you're right
have a great and wait and one other thing George did not do a bad job
i heard he did a perverse job
no i did a good job see you i'm okay that was the idea five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line it's twenty six past one at five
sixty wql the Henry E. Goldberg show it to the jet now how is
managed going to be back here to do that the show tonight just nine thirty
i think everybody ought to be tuning in right give him how's he going to get
back here from denver to do a radio show you know i'm saying
so tune in and we'll see if he actually makes it
what's that you either for us the thing is a very extra special thing
stop and buy show us all about something special
i'm at the door right now come on i don't look like me
hey i'm a lady hey brought by something i wanted to show you
oh i wonder what it is it looks like looks like a octopus
what's that that's me back boy
you're paying hey what can i catch it sure go ahead oh run your hands
hey hey like velvet hey what's this right here that is my ball pipe
you what do you do with the blowpipe you blow it lad
you blow it you blow i put your mouth around it and your blow
okay can i do that hey would you like to blow my pipe laddie oh can i
sure go ahead okay come on lad you got to put your mouth around it lad don't
be afraid it's not going to break oh it's like like this
hey that's a boy you're sticking all the way down your throw there
hey it means you do it right what's this over here that's mid shanta
what do we do with that what do you do with that laddie is you put your both hands
on it you cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick
oh hey run your hands up and down it there now what you want to do laddie is you want
to blow on the pipe you want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle and then you want to
run your hands up into the shaft real quick okay all together all at the same time
here we go oh good laddie
sure
and good laddie
keep moving
move harder laddie
harder
squeeze the bag
squeeze move
and run your hands up and down the shaft
quick faster
run your hands up and down the shaft
keep moving
oh
oh
oh
we do have a play with them up
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
you are
you can move it out again
after the kids
they put their family
not 33 and 560
wdc
by the way handcover 2 to 6 is going to have all the
looting sites in the south Florida for you
they want to have a lot so that we find out as bastard rovin's open to be find out
probably not
Walgreens did anybody call about that
Eckerds
god damn it
here is Pemberpines hello
how do you do
yes sir
how are you sir
great glad to hear this you're on
i'm on
oh yeah you are
i just want to let you know everything uh... plantation plantation acres
pember pines is not a soul in any gas station any Walgreens any records anything
they're all closed it's all closed
they're all closed yeah
wouldn't you think that if you were a good business person you would look around
and you'd say oh my god if i stayed open today i could do a zillion dollars in
business there is one gas station open on pines boulevard in the city state open all
there and all my you can't understand why everybody else is closed and he's bound to make
a fortune so in other words i can't even go to my mobile stations and get some ben
juries is that what you tell me i've been around uh... novel and clearing and uh...
all around that area plantation and uh... over here in pember pines and it's dead
oh my god exactly that is a door now god might be pressed okay well
i'm pretty glad to do that too no it's okay okay well thanks not that i need it but i
want it you know i'm saying sometimes there's things you don't need but you want
them badly well you need them five six seven oh five sixty pound five you hear that
record this close wall green's is close my mobile every every goddamn gas station thank god i made
sure both cars were gassed up right to the edge yesterday i mean overflowing
and what what's the point what would i accomplish because there's nowhere to go nowhere to run
nowhere to hide i bet you jackson's ice cream parlor and danious closed i would even drive
over there it's closed guaranteed the pretty far east so i don't care i would go i mean everything
over there oh yeah being east they're definitely close sure anything east of uh
forget about ninety five of it's east of four forty one just to be on the real and the like
chuck over here and the stadium diner closed
how about in like some real bad neighborhood how about some real sparser story uh
oh yeah like right around the corner i'll check that out here's the fort Myers hello
hello how do you do it over there sure it's doing about eight miles an hour out of the north east
yeah nothing going on getting pretty panicky over here are they oh they might
can i change the subject by the way i heard that the dolphin players and manage in the whole crew that
they they flew into fort Myers last night and they bust over today is the only way they can get
back but anyway go ahead okay uh kind of thinking the mail today that will allow some of your
slippers to get to Amsterdam offer from north west three hundred and fifty bucks round trip
basically from the eastern half of the united states got to buy about uh December 31st and
you travels gotta be completed by marks 31st 2000 and you need the following reference code
want me to give that out sure pr what is that p is in peter as in quip doreco okay seven thirty eight
pr seven thirty eight you got north west there he is in pubic relations seven thirty eight north
west airline exactly and you gotta have a visa card so you only have kicker on that visa card or a
passport passport we help too okay thanks for the good news okay there you go see an honest
it on baby there you go even date very likely to dance today and he's a boring little twirpy guy with
no sense of humor whatsoever he's got like the Tony sigreto of newsprint here's Miami hello
yeah yes sir how you doing great i've first time call a long time listen a big fan oh right
i've got a cruise ship story for you might your listeners might want to hear i worked for
a popular cruise line in this town i'm not going to give any names but my ring of bell
i don't know if you remember Frederick and David the two hurricane sure okay this is what happened
they told us on the i was a drummer in the in the orchestra right
if i admit it's the three-hour port we're starting we're gonna head out to see right i get there
three o'clock and guess what the ship is out in the middle of the port of Miami right yeah with
tugboats pulling out it's with the people on that deck in the middle of this driving range storm
right so we go don't worry about it we're gonna fly to Puerto Rico right and meet up with the
ship and when everything is in the tanky-dory right we get on the ship Puerto Rico we head out
here comes David right behind we get basically buffeted and between the two of them right we play
the show in the middle of the show right um i've got to get on a unicycle you can believe this
yeah this is funny we're playing like a fanfare type thing and i almost got in the kid
just flying in the audience yeah they make it look like it's part of the show right it wasn't
we got buffeted by a wave next thing it happens a pianist that's rolling off the stage the drums
are falling over then they get warning so this is the power of the buck of these people in the town
you know they just let's all have to do is make them money and make everybody you're going out to
home people right there you go oh okay thanks for the good news thank you man i'm so i had
the a panopler the pianist five six seven oh oh see this is much better i'm i'm i've been
lurching again over this thing and i get that remember the first couple days i was up here and i
was getting like my breathbone was like aching from this really poorly constructed studio where the
guy didn't think it's too low five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line twenty one before two a Q a m
sports bad radio
in theaters now from the directors of muppets from space it's muppets from Japan
oh okay so and i take back some of what i said about channel ten of great job that done uh no
did well he's not responsible for this he has done a great job but the problem is you lose people man
your judgment blows because all morning long they've been showing this crap of these assholes
out there at all over and there was only a few of you know and then there were a few minutes ago
they were replaying stuff that they showed making it look like these kids about their surfing that
was stuff that they were replaying from this morning and so now they've attracted all these assholes
that are going out there with their cameras and with their big fat puppets and they're out there
hanging around on the guy in the mb and what what are they seeing they're seeing wind and water wow
god how exciting i know what you're worth risking my life for is to go out there and see some
wind and some water some rough seas man it's exciting your animals anywhere look them
here's a mobile and sunrise hello hey Neil yes sir listen i was driving down i i
teach school and there's no school so i've just been driving around and have an evolve i drove
down university drive and there's a subway with a bask in robins between 44th and commercial let's
go up 44th and commercial that's not too far right so you got a chance there and also i
never thought i'd say this but i think Bill Zimper is making Rick Weaver look like a hall of fame
announcer yeah he was pathetic last night he was missing time out he was telling mixing up the players
and i kind of had a sneak yeah i had a sneak in suspicion like a year ago he did a talk show from
his hometown in Philadelphia but the dolphins and like the only player he knew was marino it was like
embarrassed he was not about a month ago in hank was on vacation he was on two days in a row
i think from filth at alpio and he has no idea he's a carpet bagger he's not from down here he
doesn't know anything that's going on here i know it's a shame and i listened to the radio because
i wonder you've got to understand that that's a Wayne High pangu thing that was the dolphin
organization that selected weaver successor this station had nothing to do with him in fact he
was on iod before the station got to the dolphin yeah because i love man this but he's pathetic
but anyways that subway with the baston robins between 44th and commercial on the west side of
university okay thanks thanks okay there's a baston robins that might be open in fact if they're
open maybe baston robins drive through whistle but if i want to do is i'm going to drive through
there and if they're not open i'll just break in huh i'll scoop my own so to speak yeah what
else wrong with that i may have to break into public and steal ten or twenty pints of god then
been in juries you got some fricking nerve closing because there's a little wind and rain going on
i hate to break the news to you but on average day if you haven't noticed this summer during this
wet grotesque horrible summer we got here and stuff on an average day it rains in his windy
around by me there then what we're getting today and they don't close the goddamn market do they
know but because everybody's supposed to be whipped up into a frenzy oh let's close everything down
to make sure that it's as inconvenient as possible and tomorrow we can do a big business
are they going to be open tomorrow do we know i guess we'll have to come back here again
damn it here's Miami hello
Miami hello hello yes sir yes how you doing okay listen i'm starting to get a little
scared of this tropical storm and why is that because i don't have a little storm it's a tropical
storm out there no it's a hurricane is what it is well if we have a tropical storm winds here yeah
yeah i just don't think i have enough plywood yeah i know i'll see you at home deeper okay
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's Pemberk Pines hello
Neil buy a lot more stuff at home deeper like i have to stock yes sir
Neil yes hey public say an open-cuff apartment transportation will let him open you can't
drive a truck over 40-mile or when there's nothing to do with public those bitches want to sell all
right so that's it's the state of floating the apartment transportation that's the god damn governor
it's governor butch again doing it's big big competition they come out of deer field beach uh-huh
they won't let him drive down 95 no i can't public would still all day long
like some kind of a fascist god damn plot to me pal stay up with public Neil okay that's not
to do it okay thank i love you guys i love public i mean don't don't get me wrong you think i
would chop it when dixie if they were open today uh-huh that's your sweet answer would you think
i would chop an Albertsons if they're she won't think about Albertsons they're always open they got a
whole bunch of twenty four hour joints and then it could be the end of the war about their Albertson
stays open because i mean who the hell ever heard them in the first place except that one in
Amsterdam that spells it wrong here's a four-letter deal hello i'm a one mental hero fan
who's really a Jewish porter we can okay great here's uh-oh he's uh-oh he's uh-oh well maybe twice
a year is okay for you pal okay pretty weak here's open park hello shut that guy down i just did
listen i got a you got i got a friend of mine that works at the Holland
Holland Hill police department and he's a state-toon to channel 10 because about 15 minutes
they're bringing a task force and in all those all those goofballs are going to be in the back of
the wagon just stay tuned you mean the uh-uh beach yep they're bringing their second task force
down there right now excellent god bless you sir thank you hello friend of mine hello yeah i'm here
a friend of mine uh he wanted me to ask a question he's scared to call but he was wanting to know he
wanted to hear a bit that you ever play in the reason he said he wanted to know if like you put
that Britney Spears like he says what you do is you wear them out too quick and that's why you won't
play the some of the older ones yeah yeah meaning meaning what like what i don't he says that you
just play these new bits too much and then there no i don't you wear them out no i don't
what time is this you want i don't okay well when you find out let me know okay five six seven
everybody whole world the program director baby i play these new bits too much and i wear them out
when it outweird this out okay but hopefully the first part of his call was absolutely on target
get down there with a butterfly in it and round those assholes up down there they're breaking a
god damn law right there on television right out there in the open public there's this big blow
job going on and nobody seems concerned about that we got Ken Jenny that's worried about stuff
going on in private clubs behind closed doors which is none of his freaking business but out there
right in public on television you're doing it and jeopardizing everybody's lives including their own
round them up baby get sunny rosenberg down there with a butterfly in it and let's see if he can
swim 10 before two at five sixty wqlm
