sports radio 560 wq a m Miami port Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger shows
who talked to Neil called 5 6 7 0 5 6
be told free for Nathan Brower or pound 5 60 on yourself
no the opinions of Neil his guests call is there anyone else on the show do not
necessarily reflect those of wq a m easily read that was no no no no no
on upward radio 560 Q��운
short and distant in Mr.гляд worthMusik
you noticed when she got used to
thatist unstoppable
When she smokes she's like a chimney that shoots up clouds and smells so nasty that when she passes she passes gasp and goes.
Oh, but she wants to quit sadly.
Carping up a junky lunger.
Yes, she would keep them back gladly.
But it's a when she has to go pee.
She sits on the can and likes to pee.
Shocks and talons in and secretly the girl with ants they seem like a smocking and when she passes she smiles we be yellow peeps.
Oh, but she room is so smoky.
Oh, I guess she's the way she's going.
Yes, she would keep them up gladly.
But it's a when she has to go pee.
She sits on the can and likes to pee.
Shocks and talons in and secretly the girl with ants they seem like a smocking and then she flashes that smile we be yellow peeps.
And gun gun beneath.
She just cannot breathe.
Oh, we're flying.
Can I have a light please?
No.
What's the angle?
Oh, dry.
Oh.
Oh, dry.
Oh, finally, barrage.
It's a 10-05 at 5.60 WQ.
So anyway, where the hell do we start?
The reason I played that girl with infecima thing is because I don't know about Jews, but man, oh man, I'm gagging on it.
And the smoke too.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
Now in my house, I wasn't gagging on it, but here in the building, we're gagging on it inside.
It's the QANF and way, baby.
Now wonder they were colushing for water there on the morning show.
Man, those guys were like whining this morning.
Goldian D-fo coming in here, whining for free water.
Hey, Collagen Man, better get our friends at Collagen while they're still on the air, by the way, before Todd direct destroys that account.
I think he's already done it.
I think it's hopeless.
You're a good, close personal best friend, Todd Drek, who left a disgusting or always calling on the intercom yesterday, making all kinds of disgusting comments.
What an asshole he is, you know?
Really, seriously, we've had, you know, I'm sure all of you, those of you who work over the years, you've worked with some assholes.
And I work with nice people, I work with like I've told you before in different people, and I work with some people who are real serious assholes.
But Todd Drek, he's an asshole.
He look up asshole in the dictionary, his picture is right next to it.
He is just a brutal.
So Collagen Man, we need some water because the morning team were, they're whining, and we don't have to give away all our good expenses.
So they water those guys, especially D-fo.
Goldian, I don't mind because I got religion from Goldian.
I'm laying off of him entirely now.
In fact, I might recommend him for a new Panthers announcer.
No, seriously, I got religion thanks to Goldian.
But at any rate, it's, I don't know about where you are, but this is unacceptable.
We should be doing with gas masks.
Can you imagine all those paranoid assholes out there, you know, waiting for the Armageddon and the Millennium and all this stuff?
And they wake up in the morning and they see all of these people walking around with gas masks, so.
Anybody know where there's a good Army surplus store?
Right at the road, 441, actually.
Yeah, they're figures, that's why I said that.
No, you know, they have those, you might be seeing those old gas, those Army surplus gas masks.
That's what we ought to have to be doing the show on here today.
Yeah, listen, I don't care.
I don't care.
So I sound like I did yesterday.
Like I got that heavy cold again.
What the hell do I care?
At least maybe we might be able to breathe.
This is unbelievable.
Inside, I'm not making this up inside this building.
It's as smokey as sitting right in the middle of a goddamn fourth fire.
You can smell it.
It's in your lungs.
In fact, you know something, class action, lawsuit comes to mind.
Doesn't that sound good?
Big lawsuit?
Uh-huh.
Because obviously the ventilation in this building, you can't complain about it because we don't have any.
And we're not near any windows.
It's coming through the vents.
Gagging on it.
And Greg reads running around, hey, look at these numbers.
Here we got great numbers.
All these sports stations in America, one of the top sports stations.
And we got those big numbers in midday.
In the meantime, here we're doing a gagging that's choking on it.
That's Greg.
Always oblivious.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha.
Always oblivious towards really is going on around him.
He's amazing.
But he says he promises to get in here today.
And I just go on Greg.
Where's my goddamn check?
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQM.
I'm signing on the hearth.
What would it do if I had normal food?
But it still got out in by my CD.
No.
Do you get long when I street out of songs?
Besides how much I sing off the key keys?
I'm gonna get by within my grasp.
Yes.
Oh, I just died within my grasp.
I don't have to try with this blast in my grasp.
Did you audition for anybody?
I only had to pull my panties down.
Are they your dreams in your body?
Yeah, I'd not commence and where I could find them.
Talent music is seen by justice, spreading your lies.
Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a girl or a guy.
How low will you be?
Sweet and just, that is insane.
Well, at least until I'm out of rehab 35.
I get by within my grasp.
I get by within my grasp.
I get by within my grasp.
I don't have to try with this blast in my grasp.
Have you please come back to my family?
He lived through me by carrying his leg.
Don't be tall about me.
But in this business, that's the most important thing.
I'm gonna get by in front of my grip.
And I'm gonna stab.
Well, that Britney, she's your can't sing, but she looks pretty good.
Oh, I stepped on...
Yeah, there you go.
Step down her breast.
Sorry, Britney.
I stepped down her breast and it popped like a balloon.
10, 16, and 5, 60, WQM.
We got the Hank Wilbur Show at 2 in studio today, by the way.
Marked that on the calendar.
We got you a mad dog manage.
Yeah!
6 to 7, 30 again.
And then we got the Marlins in the Cubs.
You know, I never watch Shoeb baseball anymore.
Very rarely.
It's boring, especially the Marlins.
And Justice Luck would have it.
The hockey game was over.
Pretty entertaining game last night.
By the way, Dallas tied up this series with Colorado.
Pretty good game.
And I flipped it on the channel, surfing a little bit.
Wish I would have come across that 2020 piece you were telling me about.
If I were...
Huh?
Or Dave?
Well, I was all the same.
And what do I come across?
The Marlins game is on.
It's the ninth inning.
They're down 5-3.
And all of a sudden, here's this slump.
I never heard of them in my life.
It's a great...
A like three run inside the park home run.
And they go ahead and they win the game.
Must have been...
Must have been the luck of Neil turning the dial, landing on the Marlins game.
That won the game last night.
Ow!
They paid me by the inning.
Would I watch it again?
No.
No.
So anyway, thank you very much, Murray.
God bless you, sweetheart.
Here's my check.
Now maybe we'll see what it was going to be my bonus check.
Bonus for what?
For the ratings.
Oh, you don't have your bonus yet?
No, not me.
I don't get it with pretty crappy contract.
I'm like, you're as truly.
I already got my bonus a long time ago, mister.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of that, you know, I was thinking about that this morning.
Employee of the month has vanished.
You notice that?
Maybe times are getting tough.
When's the last time we had an employee of the month?
Maybe they're just not telling us.
No, he puts out a big memo and makes a big sign of the answer.
And it's usually one of his ass sucking buddies, you know, like a Sam.
When's the last time we had an employee of the month?
Maybe the audience will remember.
Maybe it was Todd Dreck, ass hole of the month.
I think after that great rating that we had, I think I ought to be the employee of the month again for the second time, huh?
I could sure use that 200 bucks.
You're not going to take the pin this time?
No, I didn't take it the first time, which is why I will not be employee of the month again.
Iberglades firecast smokey Paul smoke from Iberglades fire, but a great film over skies and proud up to Fort Pierce on Monday, prompting a barrage of emergency calls while rekindling fear that the wildfire sees this still full of spark.
You see all of these things?
You fit them together?
The year 2000?
Armageddon?
I always think of that this morning.
You know, these people, what kind of a mental case do you have to be?
To believe in a God that, you know, and they come up with this crap about, well, you know,
good works so long.
Well, won't get into the kingdom of heaven.
No, you have to believe what we believe.
That's the only way they can peddle you their religion.
You could be the greatest person on the face of the earth, but if you don't believe these ridiculous, unacceptable fairytales, then you're going to burn in hell forever.
That's a pleasant thought.
God, I'm really depressed that I just can't be strong enough to believe in a God like that.
That would have your soul twisting in pain for eternity.
Just because you don't believe a series of ridiculous, crazy nonsense, lunacy.
That's nice.
And you wonder why the world is as screwed up as it is.
But seriously, there can't possibly really be people out there who believe it.
Can there?
Uh-huh.
Burning in hell.
And the devil with a pitchfork.
That smoke that's out there, it's right inside the building right now.
I'm telling you, we better change our ways, Mr. We better repent right now.
Because I said here in this chair yesterday and I will confess just like Jimmy Carter, I had a lust in my parts.
Oh, he ain't working today.
Oh, thank God.
It gives me a chance to like, you know, calm my brains back down.
Isn't that what your brains are?
Here's a mobile in camera.
Hello.
I'm here to save you a life.
Welcome, our buildings have fresh air intakes.
Get your maintenance people to close the fresh air ducts.
The fresh air ducts.
Right.
In other words, your house, you just recirculate the air.
Yeah.
Well, Peels got this great new machine where you can like, you can borrow two ducts at the same time.
The ducts.
You're one via ducts.
Yeah.
Now they got to seal the ducts off.
And that's why the stuff is going to be broken.
How are they going to do that?
If they don't mechanically close them, all they have to do is put a big hunk of cardboard or a big giant piece of plastic.
But somewhere in the exterior of the building is a fresh air intakes.
Yeah, they put a little hunk over our ducts.
They don't seal the duct up.
Yeah.
In your house, you recirculate your air.
That's why you breathe better.
They don't want to get in there.
Let me tell you the air in my house is absolutely smoke-free.
Okay.
You could be calculated.
I walk outside on a patio and you could gag to that the way out in West Broward where I am.
But inside, no problem at all.
But here in the, and you know what?
And the irony of it is, because we're further east here, the smoke outside this building isn't nearly as bad as by my house.
But inside, I can smell it.
Yeah.
I can feel it.
I'm just getting over my cold and I'm gagging on it.
Right, and they're bringing in fresh air because it's the cold.
It's the law. They have to let in a certain amount of fresh air cool it off and then it's...
Yeah, okay.
...and they're out.
But they got to seal it up on a temporary basis so that you can do a show.
And then you, of course, have a moment to read it out in the morning.
You really believe that that's going to happen here?
No.
I thought I'd mention it to you.
I'm trying to save you life.
No, I appreciate that.
All right.
I will be here tomorrow.
All right.
Good luck to you.
Okay, thanks.
See, I'll be here tomorrow because PJ is working on Hank Shortimer.
Now, I checked this, huh?
KP, same difference.
Okay. The McCain difference.
These guys with initials, you know?
All these guys with initials.
Like we had JC, remember him?
I wanted it.
Yeah.
JC and CT.
All these people with initials.
What is that?
JT snow?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The Pound 560 on a mobile one line.
So George was telling me about this date line show last night, which ties right in with
the Atkins diet.
You know, I did that congested with only a little bit of a, just a moderation.
You know, those little dove, what do they call those things?
You know, dove bars?
What did it do?
The little chocolate chunks that have different flavors of ice cream inside?
Oh, the ice cream ones.
Yeah, the ice cream dove things.
Like cherry and double fudge.
Huh?
Well, they're small.
Of course, they're 15 in a box.
Huh?
And how many did you eat?
Well, let's see, the first box is gone.
And then about four or five out of the second box.
And then I threw the rest of them out this morning.
I threw them out.
Well, no, that was my modification on the Atkins and I gained two pounds on the scale, but nevertheless.
But anyway, so George has told me to stay in.
And this is not new.
I wish I could think of the name of that book.
Somebody will call in and refresh my memory.
I'll buy the caveman diet.
That's not what the name of the book is, but it's very similar to that.
What the hell is it?
It's a real thin book.
And it goes back to the fact that throughout the history of man, man has been a meat eater and a vegetable and fruit eater.
In other words, if it occurs in nature, man eats it, which is why man is got teeth that are like partly carnivore and partly not.
We're on niverus.
Exactly.
We eat it all.
But anyway, see you keep taking me back.
The next day, we're going to move forward, not backwards.
And of course, that ties right in with the Atkins.
All these processed and refined foods and grains, which make you fat, starch, starch and sugar have only been introduced in the last few thousand years.
Maybe just maybe that's one of the main reasons why we have all of these cancers, heart disease, etc.
That were unknown for the most part.
For the most part, I say because they have found like Egyptian mummies, you know, with tumors.
But it was very rare.
So they tell us.
So the good book says, so all you people out there that want to keep eating your crap, eating all that pasta.
Now, of course, the attack isn't an exception because it's in your genes.
It's genetic.
And they've been eating that for a long, long time for a thousand of years.
And so they've adapted to it evidently.
We, on the other hand, we, a diabetics, westerners, we have not.
And as a result, it makes you big and fat and really poorly and sick.
It makes all kinds of evil nasty things happen to you.
So if you take away all that garbage and you go back to what they were talking about, which is primarily the Atkins, meat and cheese and a little bit of vegetables, not too much fruit, especially if you diabetic cut the fruit.
And that's healthy for you.
And you will lose weight.
In spite of that nutritionist bitch you were telling me about that was on her last night.
See, as soon as they have on these shows, somebody called either a dietician or nutritionist, you know beyond the shadow of a doubt that they're absolutely full of crap.
The fucking bitch.
Exactly.
They haven't got a knife.
They haven't got a trinamins clue what they're talking about.
Nutritionists and dieticians, they know nothing.
They know even less than doctors, which is less than nothing about nutrition.
So that life should be an inspiration, huh?
Meat and cheese, like I've said.
There's nothing wrong with that, Kins.
All these people that get all freaked out about it.
Oh, gee, that flies in the face.
You have flies in the face.
I'm looking around seeing all these goddamn fat people.
And all these phony pills that they keep peddling you.
You know, I'm going to tell you something.
Sunday, every day is bad on TV as far as peddling crap, but Sundays are the worst.
If they're not peddling some bull crap religion, they're peddling these info mercils with these cracked diet pills.
Now, my favorite one, take an asshole like Steve Garvey, okay?
He's an asshole.
Former dog, your first basement with a personality like a dead man.
He makes Al Gore look like a Mexican jumping bean.
That's how exciting Steve Garvey is.
And he's peddling the informal system.
Have you seen that one yet?
I told you about this.
And there are two different pills you take.
And the labels, I could print in my basement.
I don't even have a basement, but I could print if I had one.
In my basement, more exciting looking packaging than this.
Here's the one bottle and it says exercise in a bottle.
And the other one is fat burner.
So this is perfect.
You're lazy.
You don't want to exercise.
Oh, you don't have to do that.
Exercise in a bottle.
This pill will change your metabolism just like you were exercising.
And the other one is the fat burner.
Again, appealing to that psychosis about the idea that dietary fat makes you fat.
Does it?
No.
Of course not.
And we must have what 25,000, the kaito sand and all these other ones now.
It's all quackery.
It's like the low fat garbage that they were peddling in the stores with your antibens low fat donuts.
Eat 40 or 50 of a day and see how skinny you get, right?
God.
One thing you can be sure of, if you see it on television, the odds are overwhelming.
It's a polycrap.
And that said,
26 after 10 at 5, 60 WQAM.
If you...
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
Joy, the anarei, to start done today.
Have yourself come down on Christmas fun.
Blow your friends away.
We'll back you all away.
If any, you're right, you're gonna die.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting.
Life will be sweeter when you catch your heater.
You carry a life that's too be deadly.
Come on and die today.
Let's see your narrowed way.
Oh!
You're a member of the anarei.
Aim for the mission.
Aim for the chest.
And always aim for the head.
Aim for the wound.
Aim for the chest.
Jarvan, your skills.
Aim for the force.
Play with me there.
You can spend your life you hold on.
Come on and die today.
And you'll be proud to say
you're a member of the anarei.
Oh, right.
1032 at 560 WQAM.
I wish we would have had a camera in here a couple of minutes ago.
During the break, I don't know what it was.
I had a mouthful of my delicious sole sparkling water.
Thank you, Sal.
And just as I was about to swig it down in the water, too.
George says we were talking about the smoke in here.
And he says, I feel like I'm about to swoon.
And just the way you said that, I don't know.
It was something about it.
I just, all over the place.
It was like a fountain, man.
Even at the, what's the place in Vegas now?
The new casino out there.
Even that water pushing out there.
Nothing compared to this.
I think part of that sole is in another county by now.
I think you get some of the glass.
I sure do.
Fritz did all the way to God damn Monroe County, I think.
God.
Oh, that was unbelievable.
But be that as a may, we have to keep plotting along here
because we're here to grind out the money.
I got my check today, by the way.
Oh, very much.
Very now life is worth living.
Now I can probably weed a little bit.
That's my resolution now, seriously.
Along with taking a whole different attitude about things.
Notice how much better everybody is feeling now that we don't care about things like,
you know, the sales department being about your assholes
and not servicing their accounts and account.
They don't just don't care.
You know, we don't want our clients to feel bad about it.
I mean, it's only your livelihood.
But we just don't care.
You know, it's too bad.
You go out of business.
Tough crap.
We don't care.
Doesn't affect us.
We got a whole bunch of other suckers lined up out there.
Okay.
You guys go out of business.
Well listen, there's a sucker born every minute.
We'll put somebody else on here.
You are gagging and puking.
And I was feeling great.
I had my voice back.
I'm finally over his head cool.
And now we got more crap in here.
No matter, no, that's life.
That's this God you people got.
Every time you get what a one nightmare,
another piece of crap comes down the pike.
Get up this morning.
Here's all this heavy smoke in the air.
Here's windwood.
Hello.
I'm not even putting it on here.
This guy, that's the medley of your material.
How long did he wait for about 10 hours?
He waited for the day since yesterday.
He was on a whole since 2 o'clock yesterday for that.
Boring.
You're really boring, sir.
In other words, those assholes out there
with no material but no life.
Boring.
In fact, when I join the NRA,
I'll set you going to a commit suicide.
Okay. Right away.
Totally loaded.
566-705-60,
pound 560 on a mobile one line.
In fact, I'm going to do the reverse.
You've heard about these guys down here
that talk people out of killing themselves.
If this guy calls back again someday,
I'll talk them into killing himself.
And do everybody a public service.
What is it?
What is number?
What's his number?
Okay.
Jackass.
305.
305.
326-326-7575.
326-7575.
Yeah, call him up.
He's evidently looking for some guy to date him.
Okay.
Jackass.
326-7575.
Call him up and come to blow his brains out.
Make him an offer he can't refuse.
566-705-60,
pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Okay.
I'm doing okay up until that first asshole caller.
Unbelievable.
What a Jackass.
I'm telling something else.
I don't call it.
I tell you to reset your computer clock yesterday
to make it compatible for the year 2000.
Is it a check for it?
Yeah, I did check.
Well, there's another moron.
There's a one?
There's another moron.
If you want to go and check your computer,
you have to go to microsoft.com slash white2k.
It will give you a program that you can download.
It takes about 20 seconds.
And you'll be amazed that even Windows 98 is not compatible yet for the year 2000.
Really?
Yeah, not all these programs are compatible.
I don't want to wait a minute.
I don't understand.
It's not compatible.
How come I put it in a day yesterday on a check?
I wrote a check for a dollar.
At least I canceled it.
But I put it over a check for it.
It's not really just about the day.
It's the way it interacts with other programs.
The number 99 needs delete in many programs, in many computers.
So when they sell your computer these days,
the computer itself is ready for the year 2000.
It's a software that's not.
So if you actually go to microsoft.com slash white2k.
You're not responding to what I just said.
I put in a wrote a check yesterday in the year 2000 or in the year 00.
And there was no problem with it.
It didn't change anything.
You didn't know.
But did you try any of the microsoft programs?
Once they kick, once they turn in like a mailing program,
like your microsoft mail, outlook expressed.
I don't do any of that stuff.
Any of that crap.
I don't have any of that garbage.
Also the pro.
Even Windows 98 itself is not fully compatible.
They'll give you patches.
We picked about six hours to download.
Yeah.
All that stuff.
Another thing.
A lot of 30 pounds with that can.
Thanks for your time.
There you go.
Three months.
Three months, and I lost 30 pounds.
And I bet you feel great too.
It does, but everybody knows.
Everybody tells you they scare you.
Tell those people to drop dead.
Okay, and believe me, they'll drop dead a lot sooner than you will.
Okay, you're going to hell of a lot healthier than they are.
Yeah, it's great.
And by the way, I'm going to bring to them next month.
God bless you, sir.
I'll be great day, Neil.
I'll still be.
Okay, one call left on the board here today.
We got a bunch of deadheads again.
They got my voice back.
Does it make a difference with this crowd?
No.
They got nothing to say about anything.
Much of deadheads.
Did we even get somebody call in and tell me what the name of that book was about the caveman?
I think that was the name of it, the caveman diet.
It's a very thin book.
It's an old book.
And it talks about exactly what you were talking about the date line thing last night.
About ancient man being a meat eater in a vegetarian meal.
You used to eat whatever grew from the ground.
You know, fruits and vegetables, stuff like that.
Not processed food, of course, because they didn't have the ability to do that.
And certainly not grains.
When they go to fat and up cattle, what do they feed cattle?
They feed them corn and grains, boys and girls.
That's what they feed cattle to fatten them up.
So they're ready to slide their heads off in the center of the market so you can eat them.
Okay?
And they can make a lot of money peddling them.
You want to be fat, eat a lot of grains, and a lot of refined, phony foods.
And you'll be as fat as a cow, like most of us walking around, waddling around in this fat, sick country of ours.
So thank God there was a period too bad I didn't see it last night.
22 before 11, and obviously none of you did either because, like I said,
these people have got nothing to say about anything.
You're dead or dead or a door nail man.
Yesterday I had a beating with a goddamn whiff.
They like it.
They like it and beaten with a whiff.
They like it and whipped and flagulated.
Now I don't give a crap because, like I said before, that's our new attitude here.
We don't care.
Believe me, we don't give a fly and bat at this station.
We just keep going along.
Got a nice big fat paycheck in my pocket today.
If they want to talk to me, fine.
If they don't want to talk to me, FM.
That's what I say.
FM.
FM.
That's what I say.
Just keep taking it in the bank and depositing it.
There you go.
You know what movie I loved was fame.
Remember when he was playing the, he put the speakers on top of the taxi,
and he was playing his kids music, you know, out in the streets in New York,
and then the guy they're all honking the horns, and he's going,
like this, he was great.
That just came to mind.
And besides, who wants to go to FM Dance School anyway?
Lee Roy.
21 before 11 at 560 WQM, if you're 560 WQAM presents As The Pussy.
Your chance to speak directly to the program director of WQAM.
Hello.
I'm The Pussy.
Let's go right to the phones.
Oh, just here on the air.
Oh, yeah.
I had a WQAM dream up those phenomenal bumper stickers.
Well, it's funny you should ask, because I just so happen to have a tape
of that promotion's meeting right here, so you can hear for yourself.
Any ideas for that new bumper sticker?
Yeah, how about 560 WQAM with the yellow letters and blue background?
I have an idea.
Take me.
Yes, all right, release your speech.
Oh, yeah.
Spread your legs.
No, don't put your legs there.
What's up, little lion?
And that's how it happened.
Do you have another question, Collard?
Yeah, do you think the Marlin's are going to win the Super Bowl?
I'm afraid that's something you'll have to ask our sports experts in the morning,
but thanks so much for calling WQAM since you're the only caller we got.
Please, please, call again.
We'll be back in a moment.
With more.
Ask The Pussy.
See, we would understand how come there's such a lack of creativity in the promotion department
if we realized that Sam was busy programming power 96.
But be that as it may.
Well, he got that Jordan Knight record on there.
You know, he played this and he played that and he played with himself and played with Jordan a little bit.
And he got a Rolex watch and now it's a big hit.
Oh, Sam.
Two letters to the editor this morning in the one of the papers.
I don't know which one should have, but it makes no difference.
Right on target, too, by the way, headlined insensitive dragging death charges
and pro football dreams made 12.
What a stupid I'm carrying headline.
You imply that the dead woman, Idemarral, was too old to have a dream or a life.
The whole lead story by three staff writers is slanted to gather sympathy for the young killers.
Imagine how her family feels after you're reading your crappy disgusting obnoxious, unacceptable, piece of crap story.
From Ruth Gordon and Boka, add a girl, Ruth right on.
And Helen Lombardi and Holly would about the same piece of a crap says criminal was not victim.
Ray your story on May 12th, death dragging charges and pro football dreams.
Shame on you for portraying the perpetrator of the crimes of victim.
This article sickens me.
Nauseates me.
Makes me want to get on the ground and puke says Helen.
You should save your soft heart for the family of Idemarral.
She deserves a page one story about her life, her accomplishments, her dreams, her character and her family.
And how she's dead goddammit because of these scumbag punks.
And all you care about is somebody's goddam pro football career is ruined.
Just like that girl, okay, her basketball career, that's right.
What a bunch of pussy's man, all these, uh, and she's not just, it's not just adult athletes that they worship.
Even potential kids that maybe someday might have been great athletes.
Oh my god, we don't care what scumbags they are.
They deserve a 500 chance like my Tyson who got out again yesterday for the 10,000 time.
I wanted to, I wanted to get out my hands and ease and puke when I saw that he was a wide, wide, little, and under jail again.
So we can do is bum of the month routine again.
And a lot of you suckers out there will go, put up your 50 or 60 or 80 bucks and watch another piece of crap.
Man, a country that admires scumbags the lowest form of slime.
And we wonder how come everything's all upside down in this society, huh?
The more aberrant they are, the more people that they butcher and beat up and whatever the hell they do.
The more everybody just can't get enough of them.
And speaking of that, by the way, talking about channel surfing, come across channel four news last night.
I missed the very first part of it, but I got just enough wind of it to find out.
And I wonder what, think about this story. He's probably responsible for it.
Guess who's thinking about moving this out floor to boys and girls? Wait until you hear. Let me give you a clue.
That's a little clue. Okay. There's a three word clue for you.
I'm going to tell you right now over our dead bodies.
Should we let this piece of crap move to this town?
Oh, and interestingly enough, I was going to talk about a protest. Isn't it amazing? Isn't it ironic?
For some of you right wing lunatics out there who can't smell the coffee for the fourth fire.
That it was the ACLU that intervened on behalf of the Sanchez guy.
That everybody was going to like disrupt the whole city over his stupid goddamn boat.
And it took the ACLU to intervene and guess what? He's getting his boat back.
I'm going to go over with now. Did you see his middle name is Saul?
Yeah, Saul Sanchez. He's probably related to Jose Maria. Solomon.
Yeah, that kid in the country of Georgia, by the way, his name was Solomon.
Did you see that?
Isn't that sound like a Jewish name to you?
Uh-huh.
Notice nobody's talking about that. And that's good because we got enough problems already.
You know, J.T. Solomon.
There's another guy that had initials. Okay. J.T. J.P. P. J.C. T.
Watch out for those guys. Tell you.
But getting back to the important stuff. How do you like this?
How do you feel about this murdering son of a bitch moving into our town?
How do you feel about that?
Of course, I know some people at this station probably have an apartment about that.
I said they were probably out house hunting with this guy.
Or maybe head hunting.
Are you going to be that or blood?
But let me get back and finish the thing about. See you tried to throw me off course there about the ACLU.
See all these people, the right wing Cubans, which is a majority.
They're always, oh, the ACLU. Come on, you still come on, you still.
You know, Bob, I need to know.
Right.
But all of a Sunday intervening on behalf of this guy to get this guy his boat back.
And they're great guys all of a sudden now, the ACLF and you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
What do you say? Should we let OJ move back in and then we'll all like get together and form like a little posse?
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
First off, let's, let's win OJ second off.
My wife and I have this argument all the time about the God issue.
And let me tell you, if there was such a wonderful guy out there, don't you think he would spread one word to everybody in the whole damn world?
And not have separate little guys everywhere?
Yeah.
Instead of having a virgin Mary Shrup on a set of a bank building, there would be a big message on Times Square, you know, right there on New Year's Eve for the whole world to see a message from God.
Yeah.
All the miracles happened thousands of years ago. Unfortunately, we don't see him anymore.
Did you ever see that George Clawin special on HBO?
Yeah.
And that was great when he started going off on that stuff.
You have a wonderful guy that doesn't like to work on Sundays, but he needs your money.
And if you don't happen to believe a certain amount, or you're going to be the greatest person that ever lived, and if you don't believe a certain bunch of fairy tales, your soul is going to burn in hell forever.
Isn't that a... exactly whatever you say. He said something about...
...in hell.
Which probably really smells bad.
Oh, can you imagine if you went up and held with somebody with bad gas?
Oh, that's hell.
That would be like getting stuck in a crowded elevator with a whole bunch of people with real bad gas for the rest of your life.
Can you imagine that?
That would be like worse than being here today with all of smoke coming in.
5, 6, 7, certainly.
What are we going to do about this OJ business?
Okay, are you people going to just sit back as usual since you're such a bunch of deadheads?
And let this bastard, this piece of crap that nobody anywhere else in the world wants anywhere near their community.
You're going to let him move here into the grove, or any other goddamn place.
Is that what you're telling me?
Yes.
You're just going to sit back and you don't care?
Yes.
And if we don't have enough scumbags and crooks and murderers here already?
Yes.
God.
Are you people pathetic?
Here's plantation. Hello.
Hey, any idea what I do, man?
Okay, sir.
I held all that time.
Wait a minute, you spoke my thunder, man.
I know you talked about the Cuban boat during your first segment.
No.
It was, if the government gave it back for whatever reason.
Does that mean they were wrong for taking in the first place?
Sure, let me ask you this.
Who gives a crap?
You know, who cares?
Well, no, I can't.
The little pears.
Because about all that, like, unpasses civil disobedience felt that one on.
Well, yeah, but I can't care about that because that's unacceptable.
Because this guy didn't get his, you know, maybe there was some injustice, maybe there wasn't.
You can debate that.
But the idea that they're going to tie up the whole goddamn community for one guy and his goddamn little boat?
And that's a president that's going to be repeated more and more frequently.
Yeah, isn't that great?
Yeah.
And there are people who wonder why we have such polarization in this community?
Is that the only stand-back?
Oh, it's beyond.
But is that the only 22-foot boat available to these people?
Yes.
What's up with that?
And if Otay moves to Florida, I guarantee he becomes a minister.
Okay.
I have a good one.
And I know who the first parational's will be.
Roll!
Maybe there's a head and a list with two others of our bow-zos in this building.
Worshipping at the Shrine of OJ.
I mean, don't we have any shame at all in this town?
No.
56670560.560 on a mobile one line.
People who suck the ass of murderers and why should I be surprised?
Ted Bundy, all these other scumbags, David Berkowitz, they go to jail and they get marriage proposals in the mail.
From these desperate old porkers, the same women, by the way, that go down and stick their nose on a glass at the hockey games, you know, before the game when the players are coming out to practice, those same fat porkers that couldn't get laid in a pickle patch?
Those are the ones.
Crazy people.
The same ones that ran out there to see Ricky Martin the other day.
Thousands of them.
And George tells me this morning they said the word is they started lining up four o'clock in the morning.
Couldn't get laid in a cucumber factory these broads.
And guess what?
Also ain't going to get laid at Ricky's house.
Believe me when I tell you that.
Unless maybe you want to tie one on.
Here's the mobile and steward.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Good.
A couple of things.
First thing is, I guess it's better you than us.
OJ was rumored to be moving to Povera Beach a couple of years ago.
Yeah.
I had to kind of like sell by the wayside.
Now he's looking to move to Miami's first.
I've heard of it.
That's the wayside.
I'm channel four news last night so it must be true.
Too bad.
The reason why I'm calling is I have a question about my wife's kind of a skeptic regarding the
adkins diet.
What, why is that?
Well, she can't understand how you can eat all this fat and eat no fiber hyzer.
Sure.
Let me say it again.
Because there are a lot of stupid people out there.
They don't understand the difference between dietary fat and fat on your body.
They don't get it.
Dietary fat has got nothing to do with making you fat.
Unless you eat a lot of dietary fat along with refined carbohydrates, then it makes you real fat.
And that's what most of us do.
All right.
Appreciate it.
I'm going to say that.
Okay.
Let's talk about it.
I'm coming when you get a new phone.
Okay.
And let me say it again.
Refined carbohydrates kill.
They are poison.
And yes, we love them and we like them and I eat all this crap.
And I'm addicted to sugar and I'm the first one to admit it.
But that's what's killing all of us.
Is refined carbohydrates, sugar, starch, cookies, cakes, pastas, pies, pastries.
That's what's killing us all.
Donuts.
Oh, sorry, Duncan.
Donuts, man.
Oh, by the way, that thing they brought in that they was very good.
See, you don't have to get sick from them.
They can bring you that good thing like they brought me with the sausages and the bacon and the cheese.
That was delicious.
So there are alternatives almost no matter where you go.
To eating these disgusting, fattening, nauseating things.
It's got nothing to do with what man is supposed to be eating.
It's got to do with making people a lot of money.
So if you want to be a guinea pig, if you want to sacrifice your health and your life,
if you want to be a sacrificial lamb for the people at Intimans or whoever is manufacturing the crap that you're putting into your body, be my guest.
It's a free country.
If you want to kill yourself because you know, for the Ben and Jerry's people and I love their ice cream,
but if you want to give up your body and give up your life and your health for them, be my guest so they can make a lot of money and kill you with the same time and send your blood sugar skyrocketing to astronomical levels.
That'll be off the end of the meter.
That's right.
Your meter will go tilt.
Was it Neanderthin?
I think that might be it.
Yeah, it sounds like a great book.
Thank you very much, by the way.
I'm going to bring it in tomorrow.
And the Edkins book too for Duff who I know.
Well, what does he need the Edkins for?
He don't look like he's overweight to me.
I hear he spends a lot of time at that gym.
1056 at five.
What's it called?
Vitter bottoms?
1056 at five.
60 WQM.
If you want to try any help, I'll try to be.
Don't you do anything.
I'm getting more bothered now.
Now she'll be in a theater not too far away.
Star Wars.
The Phantom Menace.
Starring somebody's little kid.
Discover the true talent of Hollywood favoritism that leads professionally seasoned actors on the beach.
You won't believe you forked over another $8 to preside a means for George Lucas to do weird favors for his friends.
Once you'll be proud of this little boy and his parents, I'm sure they're very proud.
In spite of the fact he ruined the whole movie and trivialized a great film concept.
Gee, I hope he doesn't hear this.
You think I made him cry?
Perhaps you're better off waiting for Star Wars 7.
In addition to the attack of the yeast infection.
Starring the Olsen twins.
It's 11.
I wonder if Virginia's one goes 11.
11.
11.
I mentioned yesterday Steve Bosskays column.
An excellent column by the way about that goddamn right wing governor of ours.
Get Bush!
Get the hell out of him!
And the shoes life crapped these license plates that the state is going to make now.
As of last Friday, just a few days ago, Bush's office had logged 48 letters in support of the tag and he 1121 against.
How do you like that?
In spite of the fact that we have all these crazy right to life people and they generally are much more vocal and vociferous and calling and writing, etc.
48 in favor, 1121 against.
It says in the state with bumper to bumper traffic, the tag is certain to become a very visible symbol of the state injecting itself into the most personal and divisive political issue of our time.
Nice go on Steve Bosskays!
Come on, sweetheart.
About somebody had the balls to tell it like it is besides yours truly what a fascist goddamn governor we got.
Injecting a partisan political thing into the state where it's got absolutely no place onto our license plates.
Choose life.
How about choose shutting your mouth? How's that?
How about choose mind your own goddamn business? How does that sound?
Choose tolerance.
Not bigotry. Not imposing your bull crap, your stone age crap on everybody else.
I wouldn't be surprised next year will come out with one that says shoot an abortion doctor for Christ.
There you go.
Why the hell not? That's his mentality.
See every family is that like a bad seed? He was the one.
Because daddy and the brother, I mean you know not that they're great but they're like moderate compared to him.
He's like the fascist in the family.
In fact maybe the Hitler's folks couldn't have been all that bad you know.
Oh they were?
Here's a lady in Cutler Ridge, hella.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
Nio.
Now a couple of things I want to talk to you about because never one.
What's wrong with OJ being a loved living South Florida?
If I understand correctly he was found an idealty.
And he was also found responsible in the civil trial for the death of two people which meaning done it.
Well no that does.
Well yes.
The only say it again well yes.
You know a lot of people want to be here.
Let me ask you this question.
Are you black by any chance?
Yes ma'am.
Uh huh.
Yes ma'am.
Now what if OJ were white?
Would you give a flying crap about him then?
Would he be innocent then if he were white?
Of course he would be.
Uh huh.
It's the same thing Nio.
What about you being called?
What about if Ted talk?
I'm not sure if he was a child.
I'm not sure if he was a child.
I'm not sure if he was a child.
I'm not sure if he was a child.
I'm not sure if he was a child.
I'm not sure if he was a child.
I'm not sure if he was a child.
I'm not sure if he was a child.
I'm not sure if he was a child.
I'm not sure if he was a child.
I'm not sure if he was a child.
I'm not sure if he was a child.
I'm not sure if he was a child.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
There's no way to prevent him.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60 on the 18th.
What's wrong with OG moving in?
What's wrong with OG moving in?
Let him move in with Roy.
Okay, it was Roy Foster.
Roy!
There were a couple of ass-tuckin' buddies.
I mean, that's why Roy's got that bloody oozing stool.
Here's a western.
Hello.
Hey, Neal.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, my wife found the acne to diet.
Yeah.
And she lost a lot of weight.
And she looks beautiful.
Yeah.
And I wanted to tell you, over the public,
they sell these diet atkins bars.
They sell...
Oh, yeah, but she loves the peanut butter.
Let me say it against her.
They suck the most grotesque tasting swill
in the history of the human race.
Yeah, but she likes them.
Well, I'm glad somebody does.
Well, look at she married you.
So what does that tell you?
Bad taste.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
I mean, anybody that would honestly tell me
that they like those atkins bars,
I did a whole lot of maybe two shows on it here a couple of months ago.
That is the worst, the violist tasting smarim.
And if you look on the label, by the way,
here's Mr. my good friend, Dr. Bob,
who also did that seminar with Julian Whitaker, by the way,
which is embarrassing at best.
I mean, I like Dr. Bob.
Don't get me wrong, okay?
But always advocating health and nutrients and vitamins
and you look on the label on those Dr. Atkins bars
and it's loaded with crap.
Crap.
Geat.
Yeah, that's right.
That was one of them.
It had Geat in it.
And I said, Geat was...
Man, is that bad for you?
That's one of the things that kills you is that God damn Geat.
Like, Geat Carbino with Dallas last night,
that's what Colorado was saying, he's killing us.
Sounds good, anyway.
But, and you know what?
You know what it tasted like?
It had that...
It tasted like a penny.
To me.
Yeah.
It did.
It tasted like...
Pfft.
Giving new meaning to the term badass.
Oh, God, his wife likes him.
Seriously, anybody out there that if you really like the Atkins bars,
we'll have you institutionalize them no time.
In fact, we'll get a twin cell, you and OJ side by side,
for a little psychiatric exam.
So, 11 awaited 560WQM, there's a...
...a little bit of alcohol.
Alright.
Yo!
I'm the Negris, you're a Negris, Negris, Negris,
to find another word to use.
It used to be real bad,
but now it seems okay,
when African Americans address themselves that way.
I'm the Negris, Negris, Negris,
and I appreciate that I'm your wearer on paper,
booze no longer the vernacular voracial of dues.
It used to be not booze,
not anything to say,
but now it's band-eat all about black folks every day.
Yo!
In fact, we had no gender equality,
no gender equality.
That's fine for us.
音節目 was nice.
I heard a bunch of people talking to me hard or something.
That's System Drawing.
This girl needs to be happy and well with her,
and she shouldる herothers.
Like I do.
I'd be switching my face, playing with my record.
I'd be twisting it.
I got a rhythm.
South-Ain'ton did put the lotion in the bathroom.
Yeah, it's funny that I was getting this discussion
and she should call about that
because yesterday when I had one of my blood started
boiling and curdling, when I saw my Tyson
that just got knocked and was a walletin
into that car and being escorted off,
so we can make millions more dollars for being a jackass
and a sociopath.
And I thought to myself, when I think of the word nigger,
there are two people that come to mind.
One of them is Mike Tyson and the other one, of course, is
Akill Nicole.
Oh, Jay, that's the definition of nigger right there, okay?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
We're searching, we're scouring again here today.
Really desperate.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Yes, good afternoon.
How you doing?
Good morning.
Just a couple of quick questions for you
and to bring up an interesting situation with Columbine.
I'm sure you heard enough about it.
It comes with the topic is knowing a crime.
There are these two kids who have had the names
and have been interviewed and been in custody twice
of knowing of what was going to happen.
They signed that as school and our prior
to the incident taking place
and it's been known to have been good colleagues
with the two students.
Yeah.
How do you treat and how do you prosecute?
How do you handle the two students?
When you're asking me like it's going to make any difference
with how I think about it, you know,
it's an interesting topic.
These two kids do you prosecute
and just for knowing of the crime?
Of course, absolutely.
Fry their ass, that's what I say, okay.
Fry all their ass, teach them all a good lesson.
Oh, I like you, a broker, a Blake
or whatever that one kids name.
I like you.
Yeah, get out of here right now.
Yeah, we believe that.
Do we believe it?
No.
And this has turned out to be another job,
but they have a real problem with justice out there
in a state of Colorado, whether it's Boulder,
whether it's Denver, whether it's Lulton,
no matter where it is,
they just can't seem to get their act together.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Just like with Nixon, what did he know and when did he know it?
Remember that?
Of course not.
Who's Nixon?
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what does face like a penny mean?
That's your question, sir.
That's your call.
That's your contribution to the human race.
We were talking about that a little earlier.
I just didn't know what that meant.
Pace like a penny.
Did he ever taste a penny?
No.
You never thought about it.
Put one in your stick one in your mouth
and then see what it tastes like, OK?
And there's that dull metallic taste to it.
Dull and metallic.
Take a penny right now, sir.
OK?
Stick it in your mouth.
Take two of them.
Stick one in your mouth.
One in your rectum.
Just take one of them.
Stick it in your rectum.
First, and then put in your mouth.
And then I think you'll have the answer.
God.
That's like, how many weeks did we go through the thing
where they were asking?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
I saw that movie, but what does that mean?
Oh, man.
Next thing, they're going to want to start about that.
When the year does the next millennium start again?
Yeah, they're going to start that again.
600 open lines here today.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
OJ is moving in New York neighborhood.
Are you going to sit still for it?
Is that it?
No.
Here's a mobile-informed water deal.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
OK, sir.
I wanted to ask that lady that called a little bit back
about her perspective on a certain thing that always
pissed me off.
About six months ago, you had some white garbage
in Texas dragon.
And this is black man behind the pickup truck.
But about a month ago, we had a black kid drag an old lady
about a half a mile from Born and Beach
after snatching her purse.
Which one did you ask?
And what ashamed, by the way, about his profile career,
his aspirations being ruined?
Exactly.
Like the two winners that wrote...
Which one made national media?
And which one was like a blurb on the local page?
And you can ask that.
Well, I mean, I don't see the comparison.
First of all, one was a lynching.
And the second one was an accident.
Even though it was a grotesque, it was a murder.
But nevertheless, I don't see the comparison.
Well, I see the comparison only because of the fact
that they were both very famous crimes.
Yes.
I really believe my point being that I think
that one of them got national attention
because the victim was black.
Is that it?
That's it.
Well, then, Nicole get national attention.
Nicole and Ron Goldman get national attention
and vote for some of them were white.
I understand.
And we're not all the victims of Ted Bundy,
white, and it got national attention.
So I have a nice day, sir.
Whatever you say.
Oh, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and four-lotter, Dale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's wrong?
Calm down today.
Well, you ought to be cool.
What's the model for you, sir?
What's your topic?
What's your story?
Oh, my God.
I'm not going to say anything because you don't show.
OK.
Here's a mobile and pompano.
Hello.
No material.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I finally got my voice back in a little bit of energy.
And these people have got no material.
So come down.
Go ahead, sir.
You just alluded to the fact of your two role models
for the N word.
No, sir.
It's not the N word.
The word is nigger.
It's a word.
It's not the N word.
That's right.
All right.
If we can say kike and faggot and spicken all these other words,
then we can say nigger, OK?
The N word my ass.
What is the white equivalent?
And what is the Hispanic equivalent?
And who are your role models in those two different classes?
That's not what we're talking about today, sir.
We're talking about niggers.
No, no, no.
We're talking about OJS.
I think what you're talking about is people
that want to move to this town who are murderers
who are cold blooded up there.
We're also talking about society's trash.
Is that right?
Yes.
I mean, who wouldn't you say that is the definition of the N word?
So you won't say it.
Here's a guy that's got so many balls.
He won't even say the word.
That's how conditioned this man is.
You're like a bunch of little puppets.
I mean, we're talking yesterday about the godfather,
you know, and the puppet on the spring.
You're like a lot of little bunch of puppets.
Where's birdtills from in Fran Allison when you need him?
You know what?
So conditioned, you can't even say the word can you.
Can you say it, sir?
No, no.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a cigarsmok and kiske eating godfather
for Shimano.
How you doing?
OK.
You know, the new format should be all godfather all the time.
OK, coming when your show starts.
And maybe we'll listen sometime, but I doubt it,
because the godfather is like old news.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Here's another guy with no material.
The new format should be, you know,
a hell in the black, the new format.
I got your new format right over here.
You know what's called, sir, a dial tone.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady mobile in Pinecress.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am?
Yes, Neil.
I wanted to comment to the woman.
I'm a white person who was here in the like, Duffy killing.
And I was outraged.
And I hated the cops that killed him.
And I protested and wrote letters and did everything.
And I'm very offended that my black, fellow human beings
aren't as outraged that OJ Simpson killed two people.
I wonder if she was outraged.
I wonder if she was equally outraged
with all the kids that got murdered by the rioting people
here in Liberty City.
And the aftermath of the McDuffy verdict.
I wonder if she was outraged about that.
No.
All the innocent white satters that happened
to be in the wrong place at the wrong time
and got their brains gouged out with broken bottles.
I wonder if that upset her or not.
I got it.
And as a liberal, I am so offended
that I stand up for what I believe in.
And then if it's black crime on white people,
it seems to be OK.
And I'm out of it.
Pay back.
Pay back is a bit true.
And I hate OJ Simpson.
And I'll do anything to keep an eye on it.
Excellent.
OK.
Thank you.
Thank you.
There's one.
I got finally one person.
She's pissed off enough.
She'll sign a petition.
She'll do anything to keep that
piece of crap out of this town.
Anybody else?
No.
No.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I hope he comes here.
I hope he moves in right next door to you.
Whoever you are, if you're indifferent,
I hope he moves in right next door to you
to teach you a lesson.
And I hope he puts, I hope he plays putt-putt golf
in the goddamn front lawn every day.
And he stands out there sharpening his machete
with an evil looking his eye in his spare time.
And just because you don't give a crap about anything.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
One thing I didn't never found out last week,
now that you mentioned OJ, well,
it's a significance of his meeting with Roy down
and whenever that was.
They're good bugs.
They're good pals.
Oh, well, just a few.
I was in a meeting and went to dinner together.
They're good buddies.
Little suck festers.
They were sucking.
That's right.
Have you do the suction?
Two X jocks.
OK.
They're part of the fraternity, bro.
OK.
You got to be part of the club.
You got to be in the meeting room.
They're part of the club.
That's right.
Listen, just real quick.
I'm like, oh, give OJ a club because he handles the handles
on me and one.
As long as it's not sharp.
Right.
Anyway, last week I saw, be interested.
I don't know if you've seen that the rules to go
has a new television ad out.
I thought that caught it last week.
I hope it's better than the one from Monarch Dodge.
Yeah.
The significance of it is the first, the lead line in the TV
ad is the guy is sitting there with a fine thing.
January 1, 2001.
And there's what's the significance of this day.
He says it's the start of the new millennium.
Let's try to store that.
He's across the room, sir.
Yeah.
Homeless thing.
Oh, OK.
I just didn't know because everyone seems
to not be able to figure out when the new millennium started.
Oh, no.
I'm not going to go back in a bit again.
I was only kidding.
I'm not going to waste one more second on it.
It's very clear.
Anybody with a brain bigger than a ball bearing knows
that it's the new millennium start January 1, 2001.
There's no point in rehashing it.
And everybody knows that except dumb people, which we have a lot of.
I just figured that it seems like the lot of the mainstream media
don't seem to get it either.
I mean, the mainstream media doesn't care about the facts.
They care about the hype.
They're making it a bit.
It's a happening, man.
It's an event.
Don't you understand?
It's something they can hype and get a lot of interest
about to make a lot of money from.
And everyone.
Everyone here.
And everyone has to go step in the line and just follow along like blind.
Oh, it's not us, man.
We're just stepping in the other direction.
Keep up the good work now.
OK.
We're goosing it in the other direction.
Yeah, that's right.
Why not let OJ move in?
I mean, what he do that was so bad.
What's wrong with OJ?
A country that admires that not only admires,
but that loves, that worships scum, trash, garbage.
Mike Tyson gets out of jail again.
Yesterday, there should have been people marching
in the streets protesting.
How many aberrant crimes?
How much violence does this man act to perpetrate?
How many rapes does he have to commit before he shows
beyond a shadow without?
He needs to be put away for a long, long, effing,
freaking time.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hi.
How are you?
OK, sir.
Good meal.
You know, my point is, OK, put the few to the nigger,
and I'll tell you.
Put the few to the nigger, and you're going to have a riot.
And then my point is, I tell you, I may be a white crush,
but I have my friend last week.
He got kicked out by five niggers walking down the street
who was going home like a normal guy.
And they go, it's all clear that out of those niggers,
and the crime's going to go down like almost to zero.
Yeah.
I'll tell you.
It is crazy.
It is crazy because the older school and the kill themselves
have a school, and the, I tell you, they're so niggers,
they kill them, they kill.
Between themselves, they're going to kill themselves.
Because his eye is shunned, because his jamaican,
and because he's spanic, and because he's white,
and I tell you, he's damn a white.
OK, that'll decrease the surplus population anyway.
Sir, whatever you just said, he said nigger
about 200 times.
Anybody else?
No, what he said?
No.
He just said nigger several times.
Well, he feels better now.
At least he had the balls to say it anyway.
That guy, the guy, the n-word, he couldn't say it.
He just couldn't say it.
He's been conditioned by watching that stupid OJ trial again.
The n-word.
Jesus Christ.
How about the a-word?
Do you know what that word means?
He's an asshole.
That's the a-word.
How's it going, eh?
1126 at 560 WQM.
I killed the goal.
I am guilty.
What the hell?
I got angry.
I killed the goal.
Here I am on the sand.
I will tell it all about a man who no longer can.
He's playing bro football everywhere.
People stay.
Each and every day.
You turn, they see me on TV.
And I give them say it.
Hey, you didn't try that to blow my day.
Hey, you didn't try that to blow my day.
Just if I, I won't lie.
Like Kato, Chalice, is different.
Makes no sense.
Let's fight Johnny Coquette.
Now I see the jury.
Look at DNA.
Gather around all the brown.
Let me give them say it.
Hey, you didn't try that to blow my day.
Hey, you didn't try that to blow my day.
Let's wait a minute.
would have been food in the
33 and 560
W. I'm going to thank over
sure to do humanity to
take tomorrow to the
come.
What do you say?
He said, I'm
moving in the next door that
bitch had called before as
what he said.
I'm making a list now of people
I don't want in my neighborhood.
O.J. and Mike Tyson are
number one and two.
Robert Downey, Jr. and
Olly North are number three
and four.
That evens it out.
Two dark eyes and two
white guys.
Four assholes.
This could be a long list.
People you don't want in your neighborhood.
5607-05 Joe Nasty.
5607-0560.
Count 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Boyton V.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just think about the word
negative.
The reason why
it's so objectionable to a lot of people
as opposed to like
respect or honky or anything is
because that's what black people
are called by the
clan when they were being hung
for trees which didn't have
a lot of people.
I think that's what happened
in this country not too long ago.
So, you know, unless you were,
you know,
No, I don't know.
I don't know.
Of course you were.
No, none of your family members
were.
No, no, no.
If that's the case,
now how come so many black people
call each other nigger if it's
so objectionable?
That's their business.
Oh, that's their business.
Are you black?
Are you black people?
No.
Are you black?
No.
I didn't sound like it.
So what makes you an
expert, okay?
That's their business.
Millow, go back to New York,
okay?
With your Millow,
God damn disgusting attitude
and your big mouth.
56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe he's telling us from
experience in his days in the
clan.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Aint eel.
Yes, sir.
Are they gone?
Okay.
I know the guy who said,
he couldn't say nigger.
Well, he asked a very serious
question.
He asked, what do you call white people
and what do you call Hispanic?
Come Hispanic.
You call him Spix.
What do you call him?
He has a lot of them.
on matter ofありがとうございました.
At least work on crackers and
those words have been used very
very often.
It doesn't matter if they want to say nigger.
Whatever you said,
Okay.
Are these people making sense to me
at all?
No, no.
5.6, that isn't what the guy was talking about.
But be that as in there.
OK, maybe they got Waxi build up today.
Maybe it's all that smoke in here.
Do you think that might be it?
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Hey, New, how you doing?
OK.
I just want to make a comment about where it should OJ and Mike
passing them some of people go.
I feel that we're wasting tax payers money
by having these prisons filled up and everything.
I think we should get a private island
and put all these people there and just throw in a atomic bomb
and get a derivative.
That's what I said last week.
I think that's the best thing.
One of those islands off Alaska.
Let's take all the aberrant and unsvitalized people
that have no respect for human life
and put them on an island somewhere
far away from everybody else.
And if they want to kill each other, fine.
OK, leave the rest of us alone.
That's what I say.
There you go.
And I just wanted to ask you, if you have any time,
my wife wanted to listen to that song, my prison bitch.
I heard it a long time ago.
And we listened to you all the time.
We just have time because we have a family
that they care of and work all the time.
OK.
Thank you.
You got it.
See you.
I haven't played that in a long time.
I think once this year would be good.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and pop it over each other.
Yeah.
A couple of people I'd like to add to the list of Nick Store.
Like how about the cat first, John Hincliffe?
Carter.
What is it?
Speak up, sir.
OK.
Oh my god.
Dad, get your 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh my god.
Here's the X-NUN.
Hi there.
How are you?
OK.
One thing about that died.
They were talking about that last night.
I was OK until I started taking these idiotic calls.
I wanted to say about that too.
I wanted to tell you about the diet first.
I want to say about the first episode.
Yes.
They were also saying no chief, no dairy products, no dairy, no dairy whatsoever.
You haven't even had it.
Yeah, exactly.
Kidmen didn't have dairy.
Yeah.
So that was neither here nor there.
I want to talk about OJ.
I just wanted to say that for all the OJ apologists out there, I want to know if he's moving
into a black neighborhood.
I'm sure he's not.
OK.
How does any more than he's going with a black chick?
OK.
How does he afford a black...
How does he afford a girl's home?
I think those homes start between 800 million.
800 thousand and a million.
Yeah.
Maybe our good friend is a picture in the health lab.
Who loans some of the money for this?
Where does he get the money?
Does he pay in cash?
He should be living in a tenement project somewhere.
Where is the IRS going?
Every time that he's got to be going over to the family and the Goldman family.
There you go.
Where is the IRS and all this?
It beats me.
OK.
That's all right.
Maybe they're the auction.
Maybe their buying is used Jockstrasch.
Oh, already.
OK.
Bye bye.
Have a happy.
You too.
5670550.
£560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Don't try to kneel.
They say I love his tapoos.
That what we're doing is wrong.
But I don't care what they say.
Because I love his soul's wrong.
They tell us we should be ashamed.
We're not husband and wife.
But I cherish each moment with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
You're not like other men.
I'm glad we share a prison cell.
When life goes out at change.
I can't escape the way I feel.
Now that's gonna be a fry.
As long as I am going through.
I don't mind doing time.
Cause you're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
And I have no regret.
I got you forward and above.
And the pack does it the rest.
That's right.
At first you were resistant.
But now you're all my friends.
I knew that I would get you in the end.
I'm your prison bitch.
I can't let you accept my heart for both.
I'm your prison bitch.
And now you're all my prisoners.
And you're prison bitch.
And you're a prison bitch.
I only have a request. How about some of that belief?
I'm tired of this reason, now I've been too heavy.
It's been two days, two seven years, not even one day.
I'm not supposed to be this, not supposed to be.
You mean so many like to me.
Jimmy, I really hate these markers that you said to me on my back.
I thought that I could break away from now on losing hope.
But God, I'm tired of telling us all so.
Hey, you know, we're a prison bitch.
We're a prison bitch.
We're enough to like the dark and hot new age.
We're a prison bitch.
We're a prison bitch.
When I get out, I'm ready to go straight.
No, my prison bitch, my prison bitch.
I'll never break it by.
You're not like all the others.
Too bad they had too time.
On the second thought, I'd use my face.
If you want me to.
Your prison bitch is never leaving you.
You're a prison woman, but now you're my woman.
Stop putting me in the car.
I know, not again.
Now I know what they call you.
Heart, criminal.
You want to find out what you call this, the polkae.
Love that Bob and Tom, don't we?
Love them 46 at 560 WQA.
I think not only should we, as a community, get together and send out a very loud and queer
message.
And that is, hey, OJ, if you want to move here number one, we're pissed off about it.
We don't want you here number two.
Your safety might be very much in doubt.
You follow what I'm saying?
You see, yeah.
Because there's a lot of angry people who are going to get a lot of anger and you don't want to get a lot of anger.
And there's a lot of angry people who don't forget that fast.
Who will never forget.
Here's Candle.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing there?
Okay.
Neil, I got something that might be interested in.
I've got the Neilson Media Research five booklets for the television.
Yeah.
Wondering what this program that you might recommend.
Talk to me about the Neilson.
Talk to you about what?
What do you mean, what do you mean, talk to you about?
What does that mean?
Well, I've heard you say on the thing, you know, you've got the Neilson.
They've got a lot of clowns.
Yeah.
Well, whatever you watch, whatever you like, put it down and have a good time and have a great day.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty.
Talk to him about the Neilson's, okay?
Talk to me about that young Florida Gator team that went up there and, you know,
what is it?
What is that?
Talk to him about the Neilson's.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
God.
Here's my me, Lake.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was currently on the OJ case.
Uh-huh.
I think he'll be fine.
He'll live in here in Miami.
Why is that?
He's been here all along.
Isn't there no difference playing golf here or wherever?
Now, he hasn't been living here now.
Well, he's been here.
In fact, a couple of times he taught, he was looking for houses or he whispered about maybe
he wanted to move here and there was a very hostile and negative reaction.
Well, I'm about the guy who called in talking about why.
Do you want him here?
Uh, no, it's not about me.
I don't think he killed those people.
You don't think he killed those people?
No, he did.
He would be in prison now.
Uh-huh.
In other words, nobody who's guilty ever gets acquitted, is that what you're saying?
No, that's not what I'm saying.
And what about the civil trial where they said he did kill him?
What about that trial?
Was that we just threw that out?
But just look at the facts.
How can one...
What are you, sir?
You're going to be spotted that or you just forget about that trial.
You just pick whichever trial you'd like to verdict on.
Okay, have a nice day, sir.
Okay, like I said, just exactly what happened before?
Exactly carbon copy, man.
Black apologist, OJ.
He's our hero.
He'd be a brother and therefore he didn't kill him people.
No, of course not.
Anybody with a brain knows that he killed those people.
Anybody, anybody, even the slightest bit objective, I couldn't give a flying crap less about
Orenthel Jameson.
I couldn't care less.
He was, you know, moderately irritating in his inarticular way.
Thank you, Joe Rosoli, for whatever you just brought us from Roth Office,
to the expo Alfredo.
Alfredo.
Alfredo.
Alfredo.
Next, but Alfredo.
Alfredo.
Freudian slip.
You ought to your mind or what?
Oh, it must be looking for a plug on this.
Yes.
Pain in the ass.
What, he's got a better pamphlet for you.
No, that's not a better pamphlet.
Oh, he's knocking stuff over in here.
Jesus Christ.
The expo Al fresco.
Hollywood's ultimate networking party.
Or I hate that word networking party.
I can't stand people I use words like networking and food tasting extravagant.
One admission price.
Grume, food tasting beverages entertainment.
Hollywood's best and biggest business trade fair.
When they made 26th, that's tomorrow 5.30 to 9.30 p.m.
With all kinds of restaurants participating in the city of Hollywood,
and the Sun Sentinel, and Planet, which we hate like poison,
because they're owned by the other company,
Career Channel.
Don't stand around there waiting for more if they want information called 9234000.
God is the pain in the ass.
9234000.
We like the free stuff, but that's as far as it goes.
You're okay.
It's on one way straight.
Man.
10th hill noon at 560 WQM.
Up here from 10,000 black people out there who think OJ didn't do it.
Okay, that'll be very sidelating radio.
Very surprising to me.
Wanted to surprise me?
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up, my nigga?
What can we do for you, sir?
Long time listener.
Hey, I just want to touch on the OJ thing.
Touch it.
I don't know how to think you'll move here.
I don't think you've got stupid.
And even if he does, we'll just harass him the death.
He's running out of town.
Let him move in.
Get comfortable.
Spend all kinds of money.
Right.
And he's running out of town.
I think we ought to go to his fart on his lawn for the first, you know, wherever he's in.
Seriously, I'll go to fart in his face.
I think the only place he'll be safe in any state is if there's a street that says Dr. Martin is King Boulevard.
I think he'd be good in Alaska.
I think he'd be great.
Right.
You know.
Okay.
Good answer.
Joey Juno, Alaska.
56070560.
I don't think he killed two people, by the way.
And pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I don't think he killed two people because I don't know.
Yeah.
That's right.
It was all just extenuating circumstances.
The dog done it.
That's what it was.
Maybe Kato done it.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm calling into the last caller that you say you don't think he will move here.
I would love if OJ moved here.
And I will want him to move here because I feel if YAH start or whoever start harassing him,
all that would start all over is a racial conflict once again.
Just like you said.
A racial conflict.
What difference does it make what a race he is?
It does look like it.
But that's what you're trying to make it out of because he's black.
No, it's not.
He's a murderer.
Where are you?
Where are you?
I'm doing what I'm trying to say.
When those two people got murdered, what difference did it make what color he's been with?
Okay.
That's what I'm trying to say.
So what?
If he wants to go to jail, he's not convinced that he's not in jail.
He's free.
He's a free man.
So let him be free.
You're letting me free someplace else.
Why?
Because we don't want him.
We don't want cold-blooded murder here.
What is we?
Are you speaking about the people?
We, the people of the United States, let the kids in the proposition.
We don't like scumbags.
We don't want OJ here.
We don't want him.
We don't want him.
We don't want him to be a cop.
We don't want him to be a cop.
We don't want him to be a cop.
We don't want him to be a cop.
We don't want him to be a cop.
We don't give a flying craft.
We don't want his ass here.
So what about the police that beat up right into the king?
Do y'all have rast them and where about?
Are they here?
Do they live here?
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
Did you make a big issue out of that?
Yes.
I didn't know.
I listen to you every day and I didn't hear anything about it.
That's how I didn't.
I can't tell you about the cops in New York that stuck the guy in the plunger up to the Ahasian guy's ass.
That the cops just changed his plea yesterday, by the way.
How about them to nice screaming?
How about that?
And police brutality?
But you only hear what you want to hear, sweetheart.
So I have a nice life and open up your ears.
Same with every other goddamn minority in this country.
They only hear what they want to hear because they got a professional chip on their freaking shoulder.
And I'm sick of it.
Makes me nauseous.
Makes me want a puke.
Come on, go ahead.
God, I feel better now.
Maybe if that's smoke in the air.
Did I say this and did I say that?
You bet your sweet ass I did, but you got nothing to say about that.
But if a guy who happens to be black kills two goddamn white people, then it's like, I don't know what it is.
It's payback time or whatever it is.
When you're dead, you're dead.
Whoever pulled the trigger or stuck the guy in the knife and you're throwing it doesn't make any difference what color their skin was.
Okay, sweetheart?
We don't want scumbags here.
And that's what he is.
He's a professional goddamn scumbag.
Who's got a real smug arrogant attitude like he got away with it and nobody knows.
Okay?
Like his stuff don't stink because we got a few people in this building that suck his ass.
You know what I'm talking about?
Roar!
Right.
Here's a mobile in West Palm.
Hello?
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, the last couple of callers about the OJ thing.
I mean, it's really pointless to try to discuss it with them because no matter what you tell them, I mean, it's like playing a handball at the Games of Curtain.
I mean, you're not going to win with them and they don't understand.
They really don't understand what they're looking for.
I don't know if they're looking for them or not.
I'm going to express my opinion, sir.
That's my opinion and I'm going to stick with it and I'm not going to see you're going to push you off like some of these other pushy's out there.
That's my opinion.
Yeah, but I don't want a minute of community.
We got enough scumbags in here.
We don't need to invite murderers to come and you're going to live in our midst.
I agree with you.
And make you feel like you're going to be a celebrity again.
So a bunch of people can go there and gravel at his feet and suck around for an autograph like Sam Duffbag.
Wow.
I mean, you're not going to win with those people because in their minds they truly believe what I can do.
Have a nice day, sir.
Just keep repeating the same thing over and over again.
Don't care whether I win with those people or not.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Biscayne Park.
Hello.
How you doing?
Yes, sir.
Hey, this is Tony from Biscayne Park.
I'm up there and stew it on the mobile.
How you doing?
Okay, Tony.
Well, I think I just may have saved your day for you.
You know why?
Why is that?
Because there's, you know, I'm definitely a Schwarzer.
Yes.
I also practice criminal defense and I say, O.J. is guilty of hell and when you guys, when he comes down here, let us know where the picket line is forming.
I'm signing up.
All right.
All right, Tony.
And I will tell you, I will share with you a saying that comes to mind.
We've added on our side of the track for quite a few years, but whenever O.J.'s name comes to mind, it pops right in.
And I'd like to share it with you.
Yes.
You can take a nigger out of the ghetto, but you can't take the ghetto out of a nigger.
That's by opinion of O.J. since.
Okay, Tony.
And in closing, on another subject.
Yes.
Is there any likelihood that we're going to get my going as the PAPAs announcer?
How could you comment on that until we see what happens with the Pittsburgh franchise?
Well, it's what we're putting the car away before the horse.
I saw that Barry Jackass put that in the paper a few days ago, but how can I...
Well, I didn't want to attribute it, but yeah.
Sure would be great.
Yeah, what?
I love Mike.
Amen.
Okay, hang in there.
Okay, Tony.
There are a few of us out here who do believe in the truth.
Don't say hang, it's a bad word.
See you later.
Okay.
It's a bad word for our kind, Tony.
Love 57.
I don't know what she was drinking, but you got a note mustache.
They've been through the T-hole.
I'm sure what I see.
What I sure do is I see more than anything on TV.
Mom and dad were hooked together.
What night went in wrong?
What if I nice or something like that?
Mom went yelling at the door.
God was breathing heavy.
Mom was on her knees.
He must have had a poopful cause.
She's just in where he pee.
He's been through the T-hole.
Watch him, mom and dad.
He's been through the T-hole.
The most funny ever has.
When we watched those little wongers,
the nice started to get sick.
If Daddy's name is Helmer,
why'd Mom ask for Gick?
Daddy's grown and his eyes go back.
Mommy wanted more.
She's going back on top of him,
but all he did was sure.
He's been through the T-hole.
Has a minute has.
I can't wait to drive this down on some throwing my class.
Well, I can't wait to drive this down on some throwing my class.
Okay, 12.02 at 5.60 WQAM.
On a real boring Tuesday.
Well, it's boring to me because this audience is in a coma.
As usual, nothing gets him worked up to a frenzy.
Of course, the only people are called in
and the people making these ridiculous statements,
trying to, you know,
they get all bent out of shape when they hear the truth.
They can't stand it.
I guarantee they're going to burn in hell.
5.670560,
pound 560 on the mobile one line.
That's right, you can start with OJ,
you're going to burn in hell forever.
I'll tell you that right now.
You'll have bloody oozing stools in the afterlife.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, yeah, maybe you should ask George
to screen some of the brothers and sisters
that call up and say that.
Why is that?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, he did it, he did it, he did it, he did it, you know he did it, you know he did it, he did it, he did it What Use
No, well, no, well, no, not really, he did it, he did it, he did it, he did it, he did it Well, no, well, he did it, beautiful
Nezit And what cross we on Jerusalem indangan
of life and four
Okay, Kentucky fried now we're talking about one right next door here
Like I said when someone of another ways calls or one of us a nigger. It's done out of racial
Malice, you know, it's done out of fight
That's why feels bad because every time I've ever been called one it was in a
Confrontational situation. Yeah, now, you know, I can't speak with everything
Well, now all depends on who's doing a speaking if I say that Mike Tyson is a disgusting nigger
It's not that because he's just because he's black. It's because of what he is. Okay, but why would you call in that nigger?
Because that's what he represents to me
He's a black person who's a stereotype who's a stereotypical scumbag. He represents the scumbag
I will agree with that, you know, but you can I say something?
I don't want to make a social commentary, but how ever base the part go ahead make a social commentary
And then the last two calls we had you had on the radio we have a long way to go have a society meal
Yes, we do
We're going to tell it as I hate to say it the next millennium. Yeah, and we still can't get over over raced
I know we still can't get long. That's right. I don't understand
All I did was mention that we had a murderer coming in town and one right here
His name was O.J. and all of a sudden we started getting a lot of racial thing. That's right. Okay
As far as that's concerned
I mean, we can't look at it. 10 funding was still a lot easier phone just died. Okay, call him back in Kentucky fried
Tell him those zinger sandwiches ain't too bad
No, sir if I've 10 funding were still alive is there anybody in their right mind black white in different at once in this town? Oh, of course not
But why is it that if we bring up somebody who's black like Mike Tyson or like O.J. Simpson
They're right away. We have to bring the race card into it again. Did we already use the race card?
Christ
And you know which card it was too by the way
You know which card it was George with the ace of spades
It's right. We think that expression came from
That's what Johnny Cockling told me
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach hello
Hi, Neil. Yes, man
Let's about a year ago. S. Lee Bailey who said he couldn't pay the government
Taxes on something that he owed
That's what a house yeah, what a house in the Nala Pan
Yeah, and then let it out to the people here in Palm Beach that he bought it for O.J. And his kid
Well, that started a clamor and the people
I remember that right of the island we have a meeting with the officials of Palm Beach
And they pop off the letter to athlete Bailey that said we don't have anything against
Someone of color coming but we have a problem not in Palm Beach
No, no, we don't but we don't have but the problem is is a
Do we wouldn't want to live?
The problem is is is having a criminal
Live here and
And so he's been you know hunting around for those liens but these buddies are are gonna buy him a house
But you know, we don't want O.J. And we don't want a Mike Tyson
Unfortunately, they are a color, but if they were white we don't want criminals
Yeah, we don't want attorneys like Roy Black who defend these criminals come back. Yeah, we just
We don't need it and that's that okay, so we so my votes against him coming when it's out. Keep him out
Okay, see you okay, I wait, but what I just say there was very direct. I wonder if he's kin to a tie direct there
You know probably you think so. Uh-huh. We had very direct and we had Alan Dershowe Dershowe and Bob Shapiro
So we had three Jews and then the ones parts of their were Johnny Cochrane
They'll leave anybody out on the defense team
flee
I mean he's just an old drunk you don't
Old Irish drunk you don't come
Oh, so what do you think? Well, he's upset about the color or he's just drunk again
Oh
God I saw a thing on a and a or one of those a few days. Maybe it was over the weekend about the Boston Stranger Albert to salvo
Oh, you know, that's isn't that interesting the way things in life fit together. I was at Walgreens picking up a prescription last night
And there was a guy wearing a diesel hose um t-shirt in there
Remember many many many many years ago. I think before your time they were a sponsor mine back when they were good about a hundred years ago before they started expanding
And I looked at them and I saw his disalvo stay and he looked at me kind of like with a knowing look
But would like a dirty look and like you know and didn't say a word
And I thought yeah, I wonder if he's upset over the fact that I mentioned it since they expanded that I wouldn't send my dogs dirty
You think that might be a well, I was disalvo and of course there's just a good of Albertsis salvo
Who got killed in prison by the way and there still is some doubt as to whether he was really the Boston Stranger or not
What do you think of Bailey what's that that fucking bitch
Nine minutes past noon at 560 wqm everyone a banging in the butt honey
That this FREAKDO Nai amstodon as timebroke and where are your yo tingo and reporter. Deilo
Señorasendasue스럽 clerk polo
large not
Monicaito
an
Thank you, La, de la letra et noche, mochom, mochomas prestasis, and brine!
Salud, eh, and univision!
Okay, enough of that crap.
1215 is 560 WQAM.
We have a couple of open lines if you want to get in with your perspicacious observations
on why everybody in this country hates each other.
We don't hate anybody.
We just don't want scumbags moving here, okay?
We're trying to get rid of those scumbags.
We don't want no one to move it in, do we?
Do we want no one?
No!
Goddamn right, we don't have an F&A man.
Spent enough of those French Canadians coming down here three, four months a year.
Here's a mobile informer, Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil, how are you doing?
Okay sir.
You know what?
This is my take on that hole, like minority thing.
Yeah.
Someone here where you think after I speak.
Okay.
I think a lot of minorities, not all of them.
Not all of them.
Not all the people of minorities, but a lot of us.
Of course not.
Take those.
Most of them.
Well, I'm not going to be able to say those.
I don't think it's those types of minority types, yeah.
I don't think it's most, right?
I think maybe about 50%.
The overwhelming majority of those think it rotten minorities, yeah.
Yeah, let me just, let me just fish.
I just don't think they look at things in an objective manner.
Everything is.
Everything is, every one of them, yeah.
Everything is so subjective.
Everything's short to them.
You know, like they don't, what do you think?
The words you're looking for are professional fill in the blank.
Professional Cuban, professional Jews, professional Spartans, professional Faggot, professional
you fill in the blank.
They walk around with a big fat chip on her shoulder.
And they observe everything with a jaded view, as opposed to just being thinking and breathing human beings.
Listen, I just want to say one thing.
Like I'm Jewish, but I don't look at everything in hate of all.
Oh, every German, right?
But they did a study, I don't know.
But you don't have too many Arab friends, though.
I actually have one.
I do have one Arab friend.
He's from Iran, but I don't care.
Every judge everyone, I mean, individual.
I saw him last week.
I ran.
But like a son of a bitch.
Let me just say something though.
Yeah.
They did a study and they ended up showing that blacks in general are eight times more racist than whites.
And people leave bad times.
How do you like that?
And if you say this out in the public, your deemed as a racist.
It's because it's not politically correct.
What do you mean by publics?
Who are you talking to with publics?
I said in public.
Oh, in public.
There's the public.
If you're out of the cocktail party, you say this.
You're going to be deemed as a racist, but if the truth, and people can't deal with the truth.
Oh, that's for damn sure.
And if you live in such a damn politically correct culture.
That's why they can't say the word nigger because if a good thing, oh, you just don't say that in polite company.
Why the hell not?
What's wrong with that?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, they say in the last thing.
I said before, the more you say these things, you need to sensitize them.
Except on the ear, sir.
You can't say what you want.
I said crap.
Now, I noticed they said that on much music last night on, you know, but that's in Toronto.
That's in Canada.
They say crap on the ear.
And it's all right.
Can you say it here?
No.
No, because that's American F and Wayman.
Because we got a bunch of old parts up in Washington who just made it up as they went along.
Not for any particular reason.
Oh, here's a list of the things you can't say based on what?
Oh, don't ask questions.
We just made it up like excretory activity.
Why not?
That's part of life isn't it?
Yeah, but you can't say that on the ear.
Don't ask questions.
Okay.
We told you.
Just don't say it.
It's still legal to take a crap.
You just can't say the word.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I had just a few points.
First of all, we live here in Florida.
I think we already got enough OJ.
We don't need no more.
We got enough scumbags here already.
That's right.
Yeah.
And secondly, did you...
I don't know if you called on Channel 10 News last night.
They were over at the house that he's supposedly looking at in the tables.
I thought it was in the Grove.
In the Grove, that's true.
And they had his neighbor.
They got it with his neighbor on there and asked him what he thought about it.
I didn't see that.
What are you saying?
He's like, oh, I thought it would be great.
I love OJ.
I know.
I always loved OJ.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
I about lost it.
All of my dinner came up.
How are you, sir?
It's where it got.
And one last thing in closing.
If he moved in next to me, me and him be riding the D. Everglades in my white bonkot
and I'd be bringing my ginsu nice.
Okay.
All right.
Bye.
Okay.
How do you like that, the guy that he wants to move in next door to?
Oh, I love OJ.
I ride.
Probably Sandouc Bag.
Probably no sand.
Another celebrity liquor.
You go, OJ.
You go, boy.
I'm serious.
The people in this country, you wonder about these kids shooting each other up in school?
Like it's a surprise that we have mentally ill kids.
Where do you think mentally adults came from?
We have so much mental illness.
Everyone in Reagan let everybody out of the nut houses back in the early 80s
because we didn't have the money for it.
So we just put everybody out on the street.
Now we have an epidemic of crazy people running around.
Don't say crazy people because then Rosalind Carter get on your case.
That bitch.
That looney tunes.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
How do you like that?
So I say if the guy wants to, of course, you have to ask all the neighbors, I guess, not just one.
But if the people in that hood want OJ moving in, more power to them, okay?
More power to them.
Just make sure you give every outfit address.
Here's a mobile in Parkland.
Hello.
Hey, we ought to do what the French did.
You know, I'm that big lover of the French.
But when Ira Anghorn is ostracized in his little village that he's hiding out in France,
he can't walk outside and get a newspaper.
He can't go to the store.
People won't talk to him.
They think he's disgusting.
If OJ moves in, I thought he was coming back to Philadelphia for, uh, there's no, unfortunately not yet.
There's still a arguing it out in court.
But in the meantime, the village that he's hiding out in this murdering coward.
Yeah, I said I'm pretty sure.
Yeah, that people will not talk to him.
They will not give him the time of day.
Yeah, that's what we ought to do with OJ.
Of course, when the French don't talk to you, they're doing your favor.
I understand you know, of course.
But remember, Neil, that not only did he kill a young man, but he severed the head of this woman.
Yeah.
His wife.
I mean, he is a bad, bad guy.
And if anybody, if anybody still has doubts about it, on June 1st, on HBO, one of the jurors in the civil trial is she's coming public.
And she's going to come public with a whole trial.
And she's going to tell exactly what happened.
And she's going to talk about how horrible this man really is.
Okay.
And I urge everyone to watch it.
June 1st on HBO.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Oh my God.
It's a severed head.
Yes, severed head.
The new fact that sweeping the nation.
Everyone who's anyone has got a severed head.
And if you think it's not for you, then just listen to this dramatized version of an actual letter sent to us by a satisfied severed head customer.
Okay.
That makes $623 for all your Halloween candy.
Well, $623 isn't that a lot for a bag of candy?
Well, it's our finest mixture.
You do get the caramel corn balls, the tapioca sugar daddies, and the juice filled wax pumpkins.
Well, I guess it is a good deal.
Except for the severed head of the middle of the Zagnut bar.
Sweet, but geez, I'm so sorry.
Please let me give you all this Halloween candy for free.
You'd better.
Yes, a severed head is your ticket to thousands of discounts in freebies worldwide.
So pick up yours today.
And remember, if it's not dad, it's not severed head.
22 past note at 560WQAM.
Where we going?
Let's do it.
A lady in my knee-lakes.
Hello.
Hello, Noah.
I love you, baby.
Uh-huh.
But anyway.
See that as it may.
Yeah, be that as it may.
Wasn't O.J. acquitted?
In the criminal trial, yeah.
Okay.
Not in the civil trial.
Okay, now he's paying for what they're saying he, they think he did.
Yeah, except for the NFL pension money, all that big bucks that's a demo.
I have nothing to do with that.
You know, a jury of his peers acquitted him.
In one trial, yeah.
In one trial.
He came back again in the civil trial.
And they accused him.
He lost.
They didn't accuse him.
They convicted him.
They said he was responsible for their death.
Okay.
Which means he done it.
In the civil trial, they say he did it.
Yes.
These are all his peers.
One of Google peers said they don't believe he did it.
No, they weren't all his peers.
The people in the criminal trial weren't all his peers.
They were butchers' slippers.
They were mostly...
Oh, but the civil trial they were his peers.
Yeah.
Yeah, that doesn't make any sense.
Some of them weren't.
See, the thing about it is.
Well, what do they do to make whether they were his peers or not?
You just saw the criminal trial.
You saw the games that they played in there.
They played their race cards.
They could have killed three people in front of the goddamn jury.
And they still would have been...
Now, guilty.
And given them the black power salute.
Now, there's what the...
The defendant's lawyers were supposed to do.
It's supposed to bring out every card they can to get him off.
And they did.
So what does that mean?
So they played a game to get him off.
But he still is a murderer.
What they're going to do to make him be got off or not.
So, in other words, what you're saying?
If Ted Bundy would have gotten off,
you would want him to live the next door to you?
No, my point is...
I don't want to...
What I want to do is...
I don't want...
Oh, Jay moving next to me.
I don't.
I think the guy did it.
So, so then what's the point?
My point is he was acquitted.
Yeah.
And we're not supposed to sit around here and be judged in jury
to everything that's going on when we set up a point.
And in other words, in other words,
do you have nothing to say about the people you want moving into your neighborhood?
Is that what you're telling me?
No, I don't have anything to say.
If somebody is a convicted pedophile,
would you want him living in your neighborhood molesting your kids?
No.
So then what are we talking about?
But who say he will move in my neighborhood?
And...
Well, he won't move in your neighborhood.
See, it's easy for you to talk,
because he ain't moving anywhere near you, honey.
Am I my late?
No way.
He's going on the white side of the tracks in the grove.
He don't want to be too close to your kind.
Oh, it is terrible.
He likes the white kind.
But you know what, you know, I'd like to tell...
You know, I'd like that light-completed blondes.
You know, like the coal and this other bitch he's got now.
Well, see, I, you know,
I feel far and sad for the whole situation.
I wish it were not to have happened.
Yeah.
But, you know, I don't know which way to go with this.
What do you mean by that?
I've got to...
Which way to go just stay away from him is my suggestion.
Well, I'm not, I'm not always...
Because don't forget, he said...
I killed Nicole.
Yeah, he said that.
I'm not an old J-Fan,
but I can't tell this man wouldn't live.
And if he buys property in anyone's neighborhood...
So in other words, if he moved next door to you,
you'd find that okay?
It wouldn't be that I would find it okay.
If you saw him sharpening up his against-suit knife set out on his front lawn one day
with a golf club in one arm and they almost get it together.
I'll leave.
Yeah, there you go.
Okay.
All right.
I just told you, man, I'm not...
I totally disagree with a lot of stuff you say,
and then I agree with some.
But this is America.
Yeah.
And if you are acquitted of a crime,
you should be left alone.
Right.
He can...
You were living Alaska.
I think he ought to be left alone.
That's a good place for him.
Maybe North Dakota would be good.
Maybe North Dakota would be good.
Maybe Idaho would be good.
All of real rock.
He'd be good up there in Idaho.
But all of his white supremacists up there,
he'd fit in real good with him for about five minutes.
I think all of Neil Rogers tight people should go and live wherever we sit.
Neil Rogers isn't a murderer, okay?
I'm not a threat to anybody else.
I'm not a murderer anybody.
You are a threat to people.
Why is that?
Because of your sexual...
Because I'm a fag, is that it?
No, I wouldn't call it that.
I'm a threat to anybody else.
I got in for it, honey.
You got plenty of fags right in your neighborhood right now.
And that could influence our young people.
A lot of it.
You know that.
People at the station every day and criticize you for your sexuality.
I couldn't cure less.
Okay.
Well...
And that doesn't mean that I'm...
That doesn't mean I'm harming anybody else.
Don't you understand the difference?
Don't you think the difference?
Yeah, but I don't understand the difference.
So what are we talking about?
It sounds to me that I can spite of all the denials on your part
that you want to make an apology for a goddamn murderer.
I don't...
Okay.
That was great.
Took a long time to get to it, but she said the F for it.
All right.
And you're right, sweetheart.
It F's up a lot of times.
Club 26 and 560 WQM on the...
Holy macken on!
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs
and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God!
Hey, see how's this Leo, Jay?
Hey, see how's him the child?
By the sunlight, green and white, and the smell?
We'll know how they call and run, no, miss out those who scream
We've been calling here, Ro, it's the winner of the adventure, reason, say!
Ro!
This is one, two, three, set, you day in the old, Jay, Jay!
All right.
Club 31, he's going to be moving into your neighborhood,
Magnumas Stakeabato, whether he be white or black or purple or green
or whatever he be.
He's a hell of a guy.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560.
And I'm a little more like him, worked up.
He ain't moving anywhere near me.
What do I care?
You want to buy you?
No, yeah.
All power to you.
He ain't moving by me, believe me, okay?
He ain't moving out there in plantation acres.
I can guarantee you, I've got dimes to do much.
I'll bet you the check in my pocket against 50 cents
that he ain't moving nowhere near by me.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
I'll tell you what you'll see here.
There's so much food you can't eat at all.
Really?
Well, send some over here then.
I'll send you some.
I'll send you some.
I'll send you some.
I'll send you some.
I'll send you some.
Here's a 50560, pound, 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a, okay, great, thank you.
560, 7, I see you're in the one bitch doing all of a sudden
it's like an epidemic.
It's under a skin.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the mobile one line.
And out of control now, they're just losing it rapidly.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal, hello.
Yeah?
Yes, sir.
Hey, hey, Doc.
Oh, okay.
Oh, Jay's bad news.
I'd like to say I just got back from Amsterdam.
Uh-huh.
Get ready to go over to the, what, help.
Hang on, can you hang on a second?
Yeah, I'm here.
I'll wait.
Yeah, we got nothing but time.
Anyway, I just got back from Amsterdam.
Great time over there.
Yeah.
Gonna start the acnes back up.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, I just, uh, if you move then, I hope it doesn't last long.
Uh, I was listening earlier.
I noticed you played the, uh, the old, uh, prison bitch song there.
Yeah.
I was wondering if maybe, uh, since you're in an old time thing, maybe we could get that, that bridge tender song going on.
Oh, yeah.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile and a lot of hill, hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, only.
Uh, uh, you know, you hear a phone out in America.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, slow down.
What, what is language are you speaking?
I said, here's in, uh, America.
When you black or white, whatever, if you get the money to put the lawyer, if you get the money, the big amount of money, like all distance in the house, right, you can't get away from everything, you know.
Just like sale, yeah.
It's not like that, Bundy, you know, and the old days, you didn't have the lawyers like today.
You got evaluated, you know, I'm saying you got educated and they know how to get all the criminals, all the, you know, it's crazy now today.
If you get the money, you can get away from everything.
So, uh, and you had the money.
Yeah.
So to the add the money, so you get away with it.
Yes, that's right.
You would have been white or black, whatever, you add the money, but I tell you, it cost him a lot.
Well, what about the two people that he murdered?
Do you think he cost them a lot, sir?
Oh, yes, it's a lot because it cost him a lot.
I mean, the way you say that, I don't know what do you mean by that cost him a lot.
It's cost him a lot of lawyers, but I think he has, he cannot replace life with money.
Yeah.
Those parents there, they lost two kids, you know, the kids, whatever, you know, and they lost their family, but I tell you, you was maybe black, I tell you, you was black.
Okay, to call and tell me some other time, I'll tell you, he's threatening to tell me you don't want to tell me.
Anybody understand what he was talking about?
No, five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
They're, they're affective now, baby.
They're tongue tied.
They're so well worked up about this.
All I did was say in passing, I saw a peace on channel four news last night that this murdering son of a bitch is talking about moving into our town here.
And our people pissed off about it like I am. That's all I said in passing this murdering son of a bitch.
And now all of a sudden they better be, but I hope they're like forming it to mouth.
You know, the thing you would have thought I said the year 2000 is the beginning of the next millennium or something, I'll read just like that.
That's how psychotic they're getting about this.
Here's Liberty City. Hello.
Yes, how you doing, you?
Okay, sir.
Yes, I am black and I can't handle the truth.
Now I was listening to a call that I called a few minutes, like a ten minutes ago about how black people is eight times racist.
And why?
That's a bunch of bull.
Correct.
What is it like six and a half?
So is that three three times?
I mean, where, how can anybody come up with a study like that anyway? What are where do you come up with the number like that?
I don't know.
And you're talking about OJ.
Let me ask you a question, Neil.
I'll be on it. Are you racially against black people?
No. I just don't like murderers.
Do you?
No.
What, what, what, what, what difference does it make?
Whether he's black or not?
What's that guy to do with, you're doing the same thing they did in the trial.
All I did was say, well, we don't want OJ moving here because he's a murdering son of a bitch.
And all of a sudden we got every guy damn black.
I, I, if I get two calls a week from black people on this show, it's a miracle.
And this guy hangs up on me.
This guy hangs up the phone. That's the kind of conversationless tears.
And I would have what, 682 calls from black people since noon?
Because I mentioned OJ. I said the magic word OJ.
We don't care whether he's black.
There's plenty of black people living in everybody's neighborhood who aren't murderers.
Nobody would have brain cares.
People who care about their quality of life don't want some murdering scumbags son of a bitch.
Living in their neighborhood.
When are you people?
There you go.
You people like Ross Barol would say, when you get to go over this professional smart thing that you got going.
When are you going to transcend that?
When are you going to grow a brain?
Nobody cares that OJ is black.
He was a millionaire.
Okay? He was, he was idolized by white people, black people, by millions of people who were into jocks traps.
Okay? He was a hero of America.
And all those Buffalo Bill fans and 49er fans and USC fans, they didn't give a crap that he was black or what he was.
He could run fast and win ball games for their team.
That's all they cared.
And then he turned out to be a murdering scumbag.
Okay? And all of a sudden they didn't like him so much anymore.
And they don't want him, they civilized people don't want his kind living in their neighborhood.
Not because he's black.
Can't you get that?
No.
Can't you understand that?
No.
Christ.
And I have to go through a whole grilling here about in my prejudice against black people.
I don't want murderers living in my neighborhood.
Is that something difficult to understand?
Yes.
Well come to your house and draw you a diagram, okay?
God.
This is worse than the your 2000 thing.
This is a thousand times worse.
I brought this up.
I thought I have unanimity here.
I thought that ain't decent people.
Doesn't want a murderer living in their goddamn neighborhood.
And instead the whole thing, let's turn the tables.
You're a racist now.
And well, I have a contest.
Which group is more racist than the other one?
This is America for you baby.
You know what?
That's the American fucking way.
Right.
Instead of just some common sense.
DNH.
That's all you got to think about.
You want to be surrounded by people who do no harm.
Who aren't murderers and robbers and arsonists.
And they'll, you know, do harm.
Not in America though, because everybody's too busy categorizing and hitting everybody else.
That's the American fn way.
And I resent bitterly, deeply the idea that I got to sit here and justify my own attitudes about life.
I like decent people.
I don't give a crap if they're black, if they're white, if they're Cuban, if they're Jews, if they're fags, if they're...
I don't give a crap about any of that.
Now, yes, I do like some people better than others, all depending on how they look.
Right, JP?
Is that right?
Uh-huh.
There you go.
Just perfect.
What?
Hey, so what about it?
So I got a weakness for good-looking young guys.
Is there something wrong with that?
Huh?
No.
F&A, there's not.
What's wrong with sitting around looking at somebody that looks good.
Soaking in the vision of somebody that looks really good and erotic and hot.
And young and hung, and stuff like that.
Huh?
And full of fun.
21 before 1 at 560 WQM here.
Oh, God.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
Oh.
My ain't this.
Oh, God.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
Oh.
My ain't this.
Oh.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
Oh.
My ain't this.
Oh.
My ain't this.
Oh.
My ain't this.
Oh.
My ain't this.
Oh.
Hi, kids.
You all like cutting little stinking?
Yeah.
You know, I find little sound that comes right out your fingers.
Want to copy me and do exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about boo-boo.
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't figure out which part I'm going to fart on.
And Dr. Dre asks, you old man, you pissed ass.
Yeah, I know.
What do I smell like?
Man, you look well.
Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell like fart dripping gases and dootie.
It was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off.
And farted so hard, you turned my underwear backwards like Chris Croft.
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner has.
And twat out my ass, fast into the fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat.
Smell this, honey.
Yo, just wait a minute.
That's my girl, cuz I don't give a fuck.
God said me to stink the world up.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
Felt.
Yeah.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
Felt.
Oh, you can see you want to meet kicked out back in junior high.
Said the problem was something cold up my ass and die.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walked in the strip club, my testers will fill the.
Moons of bartenders took a dump at a kick club.
Went over to a dancer, had a fuck in her garter.
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a pharter.
Ninety-nine cents of my life I would lie to.
I just found out my mom got more gas than I do.
I told her I broke up to be a famous rapper.
They got racked about strange noises made on the gravel.
You know you was dirt when the women rushed to leave.
You dropped a hold of back, but you must need it to relieve.
The sky of white gas and sand was pretty cool.
But I had to go.
No drop the kids off as a rule.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
Yes.
My ain't this.
Felt.
Yeah.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
Felt.
Yeah.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
Felt.
I forget to go for any more ainot heinous than OG.
Here's the facts from Jim and Senator Izu says,
Is this place South Florida asked backwards or what?
He asked.
A known murderer intends to move to South Florida.
No one raises a voice in protest.
Yet a Cuban who knowingly defied the law and has had his both seas as a result has an army of protesters that is vecking call.
Something is terribly wrong with this picture.
Says Jim.
During my law enforcement career South Florida was known as the fleeing felon capital of America.
OJ's intended move here does nothing to dispute that.
I can't take it anymore.
My job search is now strictly out of state.
My Florida loving wife says you may not go with me.
Oh well, I guess I'll miss her.
Worrying into Cuban protest is blocking traffic and slow old OJ.
My knees are killing me man.
Please don't step in front of my vehicle.
My breaking reflex isn't what it used to be.
OO!
Says Jim and Senator.
How do you like that?
You like it?
Uh huh.
560-505-60, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Everything is a big racial issue, a big religious issue, a big divisive issue.
We're asking you want a murderer to come here and live here.
A brutal goddamn cold-blooded drug addict murderer to come and live in his town.
Anybody with a brain should immediately be saying no.
Of course not.
And is that what we get?
No.
We get a whole convoluted song today.
A whole big lesson on race relations here.
And if that is got anything to do with it, which of course it does not.
Even though the trials did.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hey no.
Yes sir.
I want to tell you, um, people get released from prison every day, right?
So how do you know if a murderer lives next door to you or not?
And we also got a lot of people with four letter words, okay?
If you can't call a show and talk like a civilized human being, which I mean, I'll maybe push in a little bit.
Then don't bother wasting the time, okay?
It's not going to get on the air.
That's about the fourth one already with the F word.
I realize that in some neighborhoods, mother is only half a word, but the FCC don't let us do that, okay?
You got it?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
And when you say who gives a crap, anybody with a brain doesn't want a murderer living next door to him.
Is that difficult to figure out?
But it's amazing to me how kind of alluded how far you're willing to stretch this because you want to be an apologist for this guy because he happens to be black.
If it would have been Ted Bundy, he'd be screaming bloody murder.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello?
Yeah, A's Neil, I'm just an ad kid, I know you're before you could talk about this film.
What's the difference?
Very little.
I mean, isn't it the same thing?
No, it's not the same thing.
The Actions dot has more fats still, and you limited all the fat.
You had a real lean meats and very limited amount of stuff, and it was just, I mean, it worked, but it was terminally boring.
But on the Actions, you can still eat the fat one, right?
You can want?
Eat the salad.
A little bit, very, very small.
I would suggest buying the book with the good idea.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami, hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, listen, the trial over in the California, the Civil Trial, let's face it, that was a white man's witch hunt.
Uh-huh, witch hunt, yeah.
And I know it.
No, it was not.
Of course, the film witch hunt is all of them.
What happened?
What did these people blow it out of your ass?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, like I said, forgetting about the Civil Trial all together, if you want anybody to watch the criminal trial and doesn't know that he did it, he's got to be an imbecile.
But thanks for trying to stir the pot, okay, now go smoke it, maybe your brains will relax if you can find any.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile informer, hello?
Mobile informeyers?
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
All right, how you explain the blood all over that card?
Sir, I'm not aware of the apple.
Sir, I'm going to have a nice day.
We're not going to retry the case, okay?
Everybody, like I said with the brain, knows he did it.
We're not going to retry the OJ case, so I mean, talk about the Jesus Christ.
How about the revolutionary war?
You want to fight that again?
Uh-huh.
I don't know if they want to fight that one.
I think they want to fight the Civil War, what they want to fight.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
All right, you said something earlier that really upset me.
Really?
And I just, you know, it's okay to generalize sometimes,
but you can't step on the 49er fans and say that we'd like OJ Simpson.
Because there's a lot of things to do.
Sir, let me tell you something.
When OJ Simpson was playing with the 49ers, they loved OJ Simpson,
even though he was at the end of his career in the war.
He was a gem, and we've always told him he was a gem.
Yeah, okay, great.
I'm really happy for you.
Okay, call one of the sports shows, okay?
My sports nerd friend, we're not talking about ball games now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line,
but you do have a good point.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Hello, Neil.
Like I said, the bills fans love the menu.
Yes.
Yeah, it seems like all these people are making a,
making it seem like, like, you're making a racial issue with which you're not.
Yeah.
Person, I think that is all these religious people.
Yeah, okay.
Here's a mobile in four-letter mail, hello?
Mobile in four-letter mail.
Yeah, hi.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay, I'm doing.
I want to know what seems to be a problem with OJ coming down to South Florida.
What word didn't you understand?
What?
That he's a murderer.
We don't want murderers coming to live.
Hey, the guy is executed, man.
What was it?
He's a what?
The shooter, everything is gone by.
What is the problem with it?
Everything is what?
What language are you speaking, sir?
What were you coming out of your mouth?
I'm speaking English to you.
He's a what?
Tell me again.
What's the word?
I'm speaking English to you.
Yes, and he is a what?
I think everything is gone.
He's executed.
He's executed?
He's executed.
Yeah.
Oh, he's executed.
Yeah.
He looks to me.
He looks, especially on a cover of Time Magazine.
Look to me, luckily.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
How about John Hinkley?
When they let him out, will you like John Hinkley moving in your neighborhood?
They'll let him out someday.
He's out on the, he's letting him go out in the wander around every now and then.
Yeah.
Maybe he'll go visit Gary Bauer one of these days soon.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, yeah, man.
He's a cutie.
He's executed.
Yeah.
He's a real cutie.
Come on, you'll use the Keithamond.
Yeah.
The good man.
Come on, you don't want him in your neighborhood?
No.
Come on.
Do you want him in yourhood?
Where is your, where is your, where's your, when you're in your neighborhood, sir?
Are you, Neil.
Have you kidding me?
Is that piece of direct came in my neighborhood?
Anybody that says direct, okay?
Right off the bat.
I know that you, you go back to Schroel, okay?
Learn how to say the word right.
You don't say direct.
He's starting to sound like Jackie Mason now.
Go to your sit down routine somewhere else.
Go sit, shivvy somewhere for that material you got.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile and point and v.
chill out
you know how are you okay sir
listen uh... since one of the topic of murder
i don't know if you have much interest in this
holding the
the
the trail free well commercial for and one
uh... sports shoes
okay you know i have heard the people on this radio station in the morning by
the way
raven about what a great basketball player he is
isn't amazing to see a great festival but he almost killed his coach carlyce
she won last year
yeah and and some
he only tried to the only choked in twice
choked in twice yet
grip marks around the
yet we know
meantime there's a commercial on the world and the nv a play us with the national
anthem being played in the background
the different
criminal
and they're calling him the american dream uh... are you kidding me
memorial days coming up
and our veterans are out there
in the star spangled banner that the american
and i want to get with the man you better get with the program okay my
pizza opportunities for everybody
we think the whole position
five six- yum
five fifty kid five sixty unique
I'll sell some down on Christian funds.
Oh, right.
So your friends will wave.
We'll back you all the way.
We'll bend your right to your gun.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting,
life will be sweeter.
When you pack your heater, you carry a license to be deadly.
Come on and join today.
It's the American way.
It's the remember of the NRA.
A for the meat.
A for the chest.
It's always A for the head.
It's A for the rabbit.
Sharpening your skin.
It's a kill more.
It's a kill.
It's an attitude that you're right to hold up.
Come on and join today.
And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the NRA.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
All right.
101 at 560, WQM, our big one is two.
You know, they irony of all this,
do what this is evolved into, which it usually does, a same old crap.
I hate to break the news to you.
All you professional us barges out there today.
Oh, Jay, don't want to live in your hood.
He wasn't living in Watts.
He was living in Brentwood with a very, very affluent,
lily white neighborhood.
With a very lily white blonde wife.
And now he's got his very white blonde-headed girlfriend
who looks just like the white wife that he murdered already.
He don't want nothing to do with you.
And all of a sudden, he's a black icon.
You know, like, right.
Talk about stupid.
He's an uncle Tom is what he is.
And yet because this skin color happens to be black,
some of you are so freaking stupid that, therefore,
oh, what's wrong?
He didn't do it.
Yeah.
He don't want nothing to do with you.
Okay. You got it.
You understand?
No.
560, 705, 60, 05, 560 on the 18th, T. Roloslon.
Can't we just narrow it down to the fact that we're talking about a murdering son of a bitch?
No.
Can't we just narrow that down?
No.
Here's a lady in Miami Lake.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, I'm calling regards to L.J.
I feel he is a murderer and he's disgusting and he's a complete douchebag.
Yeah.
And regards to the lady that called before that,
very irritating.
Okay, there's number five for the F-word.
Oh!
I was dirt.
He's don't say the F-word.
Okay, condom.
Like I said, mother is just half a word, but it's a radio show, okay?
I mean, the F-U-C-C up there in Washington gets very upset about this.
It gets psychotic.
I have to keep bleeping these things out, when and doubt, bleep it out.
But you have a good point.
567, what, I almost spelled it.
I did 567, F-U-
0560 and POM 560 on the 18th.
Well, if you can't say it, at least spell it for Christ's sake, you know?
God.
He don't say the F-word.
Every single one of them, and I'm not F-this and F-that.
Come on, be a little more civilized.
Speak like a more cultured person like me.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I want to talk to about this whole J-thing.
And I want you to hang up on me.
But, you know, what does that mean?
Well, I mean, you know, you guys found, you wasn't guilty,
but everybody knows he's guilty.
Okay.
So, I mean, why, if it's, if it's probably so much,
if he's going to move down here, I mean, what about you?
I mean, you were found, you played guilty.
Oh, yeah.
I played guilty to what?
Did I murder somebody, sir?
No, I didn't murder anybody.
Sure, I didn't plead guilty to anything,
and I didn't murder anybody, and you're on jackass, okay?
What an idiot.
What a moron.
How is it possible to be so stupid?
Man, always got some kind of excuse for every goddamn
cock-eyed attitude you got.
That's right.
I'm a hardened threat to the neighborhood.
You should only have neighbors like me, pal.
You jackass.
Don't hang up on me, but five, six, seven,
oh, five, six, the pound, five, six, the only 18T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
That's a Leo.
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
I'm unbelievable, man.
You're a hardened something, or other, pal.
Talk about a bunch of convoluted lunatics we got here today.
I'll tell you what.
I agree with you.
189%.
I cannot stand OJ Simpson.
He's nothing but a worldwide murderer.
And just because he was adjudicated in the criminal trial,
and then this guy gets through saying everybody knows that he did it, okay?
So the fact that he's a murderer, how can I talk about that?
Because after all, look what a threat to society I am.
Just because he was adjudicated does not make him not a murderer.
Yeah.
He's still a murderer.
Even though he's even a fool to hold a bunch of people.
Sure.
Let me tell you again.
I said that two hours ago, okay?
Everybody with a brain accepts that.
The man killed two people, okay?
Period.
And I've only gotten since then his lecture on race relations.
And what a race is done.
Oh, please.
It's a hardened criminal.
I really wish that's been a lot of these African-Americans here would just take that damn chip off their shoulder for that.
They can't do it.
And like I said, I'm going to go, he don't want to live with them.
He's gone the way to, he's not going to live with them.
He's going to do nothing for them.
He doesn't give a crap about them or what happens to them.
He's a guy who happens to have escaped the ghetto and made millions of dollars and become a big celebrity.
As far as he's concerned in his mind, he's white.
He's not black.
He's a guy that lives the big, ricksy white life.
He's not interested in anything that has to do with being black.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
But you deal with such a high degree of racial paranoia here, man.
Trying to have a rational discussion with some of these people is like an effing impossible thing.
Underline the effing part.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello?
Yeah.
Why can't they have good people of America have a voice?
Every time we speak out about certain things, we get, I think more people should have a voice about this issue.
Nail?
Yeah.
I just can't believe that.
Meaning what?
We're not screening the law.
Exactly what you're going to do.
Anybody who wants to do that?
Exactly.
Yeah.
We should stand up.
We don't want this friggin murder or living around us there.
Right.
That's fair.
That was good.
Thank God he cleaned it up.
Yes.
Thank God bless you, sir.
Whatever you say.
That's right.
That's very simple.
We don't want him here.
You want him in your neighborhood?
If you want him in Liberty City, is he going to move there?
No.
You want him in overtime?
Is he going to move there?
No.
You know, he ain't moving by you.
He don't want to be on the dark side of the fraction, howlndale?
No.
On the dark side in the grove?
No.
No.
He wants to be on the white side.
Because like I said, he's an uncle Tom.
Who's still getting his big NFL pension.
And he's still having his ass sucked by all kinds of people.
And like our buddy Sam the shan.
You know, I just said to George Zurundabrack, I finally figured out about Sam Duskbag, our promotions guy.
He's a celebrity stalker.
He's a wannabe.
So he latches on whether it's getting old days, autographed whether it's sucking around with the old what's his name?
Joey, whatever the guy's name is, what's his name?
Jordan Knight.
Jordan Knight.
Yeah.
From the old kids on the block.
Who's what?
What is he?
75 now?
Jordan Knight.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, they were at the early birds, Sam and Jordan Knight the other night.
Jordan had his teeth in a glass.
Celebrity stalker.
Yeah, just the sniffing, sniffing ass.
I mean, here's the guy that told me within a one month period told me that in Rikey, Galatius has a smaller penis than Jordan Knight.
And I said, well, how do you know that?
He ran out of here like a bad out of hell.
Or was that today a shoot in the picture of the dead Andrew Kuneinen?
And he felt like he was looking to a mirror.
He also ran out of here like a bad out of hell on that day.
And you know something?
If Andrew Kuneinen were still alive today, he'd probably be looking for his autograph.
Oh my God, what are we going to do about this?
That damn bag, I can't stand him.
And look, and now he moved in here.
But at least he does. The favorite blown is a...
Safely, thank you Andrew.
Eight minutes after one at five sixty WQM speak.
Take any bullshit on that.
Oh, man, it's a bit of a thing, it's a bit of a bad because you know, Sam and I threw my phone, you know, and then I was like,
I can look food and then I turned it in and I'll do a collage.
And I was like, well, I didn't do nothing.
I was like, I'm not going to die with that.
I was like, well, I'm not going to die with that.
And then I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
I was like, what are you doing?
and then I was like, what are you doing?
Then I was like, what are you doing?
And then I only said nothing to you?
That same person.
Thank you, there is 106.
1008鬼 metarchaelia is silent food here.
So we don't have died food that could happen that time with lugares like St segundo
year 2000 business. We got a guy and then the guy calls me, well you don't know if your
next door neighbor is a murderer see and in this case we do know see and if you find
out that your next door neighbor was a murderer then you might want to like try to get him out
of the neighborhood or maybe you want to sell your house. Like when they find you know one
of these Nazi war criminals that's been hiding and all of a sudden everybody in the neighborhood
starts petitioning the government and screaming and yelling and let's get him deported and
let's have him convicted in the audio yeah it happens all the time. Because civilized
people don't want to live around butchers. Oh what a concept. Here's a western hello.
Hello Neal. Yes. Is it true that juice is on the loose and south side? He wants in.
Maybe I'll move the guard, ocean mile if you can clean up the neighborhood.
All right. The tie it all together. It's very direct and pie truck related. Okay 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T White O'Sline. At least this guy's consistent no material. Here's Miramar.
Hello. Hello Neal. Yes sir. Yeah I wanted it down to the contrary or what you might think I'm
African American and I'm not old J fan at all. Yeah and personally I think he's done it my personal
opinion. But the thing is he used the system that was given to him. We had verdicts that we didn't
like like an Alpamaq duck and we started out with 12 cops and it came down to one and all the
sudden he got off the hook. Then he applied for a job and all they did is you want him living
in your neighborhood? No I wouldn't but he applied for a job at Norby Village and they hired him.
So it was almost like a double slap in the face. So I don't mind you jumping on OJ because if he
kills those people he's wrong but the bottom line is I hope the train is big enough to put all of
them in there. Just don't put OJ in there. Let's put them all in there. That's what I said I was
making a list and there were plenty of white people on it too. Exactly that killed black people and
nobody says anything about it. That's only from my hair. Everybody's absolutely wrong when you
say nobody says anything about it. When when McDuffie got murdered I was on the ear here sir back
in 1980 don't tell me nobody said anything about it. I call those cops murderers and that's exactly
what they were. Well you don't tell me nobody says anything about it. If you did I'm not going to
say you didn't do it but if you did it you want to be a few. Okay if I did it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5,
60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 again again again come back to the same thing again to race. I don't
give a crap what is colorless don't you understand can't you get it? No no. God Almighty when
somebody killed you dead you're just as dead whether they're 14 years old whether they're 80
years old whether they're white whether they're black whether they believe in Buddha it doesn't
make any difference. It's unacceptable in a civilized society which most of you know nothing about
by the way because you're not living in one. Here's a mobile and Davy hello. Hello. Yes sir.
Hey Neil. Yes. How you doing? Okay. What's the debate? Violence breeds violence and there would
be a little shame in this white fattened town. Yeah. You know what's the debate? I mean you wouldn't
want to murder or live in next to you. I wouldn't want to murder. That's my point. That's my point.
I thought it was like a throw away I just brought it up and now everybody's getting all bent
out of shape like there's something there's the debate like you say there is no debate thank you
sir we finally got a guy that narrowed it down to a very simple answer there is no God damn debate
unless you are moron unless you're a mental defective unless you're a masochist unless you're a scumbag
sucker like some of the people in this building that worship scum I'll tell you one thing don't waste
your money you know that stuff highlights and all of those stuff that spray stuff don't waste your
money by an ad to clean up like your bathtub we got scum suckers right here in the building they
love suckers suck and scum they'll come to your house and just stick their tongue out clean your
whole tub your shower your drain whatever you got the more scum the better they'll lick they never
found scum that they wouldn't look in their lives I have nothing but the greatest contempt I
can't even find the words to tell you to describe to you the contempt I have for people who admire
and worship scumbags just because they are war or our celebrities and I don't give a crap whether
it's Robert Downey Jr. I don't care who it is scum subhuman swill and like I said before
every one of these mass murders Bundy a burqwits they all got proposals of marriage in the mail
when they were in jail made no difference as long as we have scum we'll have scumbors shippers in
America here's a mobile in Miami hello okay sir yeah I'm going to be the only probably black
military with you one hundred percent yeah besides we had Tony before your number two on number two
okay the material of a million yeah I lived a money for many years and now I live in a
came out and he tried the same crap last year trying to move down to the islands and we don't hate
because spending money you can stay as long as you want this within two weeks when you finish
shoving your butt back to Buffalo right amen and I agree with you 100 percent thank you sir
God bless you that's right he see this is like a like like when you go to the pool you know and you're
stick you toe in there to test the temperature or like sticking your finger out the window to see
which way the wind is blowing that's what he keeps doing and that's why I'm talking about it I want
to make sure that publicly people have a chance to say we know he's a piece of crap we don't want him
here and anybody that will crawl here and say otherwise it would be like if my or lansky we're still
alive walking his little dog on my me beach on Collins Avenue and if I came on here just because he
was Jewish and I'm Jewish and say well he never stole a freight train and he's a good neighbor to
all those old Jewish ladies up the I mean I'd be left off the air and is there really so
who gives a crap what his religion was or his skin color is when are you people gonna grow up
and the answer is never never because this country is all about one thing that's the American
way hate that's what it's about hate just like Tom lyricism and the white people hate to black people
in the Jews hate to go and vice versa and you name it that's all it's all about
that's what the whole god name world is about just like that story about the orthodox Jews
throwing whatever the hell they were throwing chaskeys at the lesser orthodox because the men and
women were praying together at the wailing wall they were railing on it bible says you can't do that
yeah it says yeah the bible says written by a bunch of people dumber than saw dust
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a lot of
daily a lake hello hey white power if I get okay thank you so much whatever you say five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's Kendall hello
Kendall going once going twice Kendall I hear him up babbling the background I must be playing
grab ass maybe with themselves here's a mobile and Hollywood hello hello Neil okay all right I've
never heard more of a venomous show in my life more of over here yeah wow it's really great
it's great no well it's a good show I mean it's not a great topic but it's really it really gets
you the flavor of what this town really about oh yeah right stupidity you are these scholars I
know sure after here I didn't even know he was moving down here no he's not definitely moving down
he's like I said he's he's doing a trial balloon he's he's looking he's thinking and we're all
saying most of us are saying oh stay the hell away go move some places go move to tempi or
let's think about maybe starting up a hunger strike of myself right there you go let's get the
ACLU in on our our behalf and I just have one thing and then I'll go and I just want to leave it
with you it's about this of the black thing I agree with you 100% and my view on on the you know
the fact that well except just about anything and when it's enough is enough is never enough I
mean we'll just keep letting everybody every piece of scum float on the shore I mean it doesn't
matter just come out open our we'll find a place for you but um blacks on the whole will never
care about any murder another murder coming down here but what is the kind of a statement is that
blacks on the whole how do you know we're taking a survey it will be a 10th of a day
no that it's not riotable enough to let go oh Jesus god go back uh crawl under the sheet will
you please go back and stick your hood on the crawl under the sheet what a maniac what a lunatic
what an asshole god in fact you know something I would trade him for OJ I'd rather have OJ come
and at least we know what we're dealing with send this guy out I just want to take back what I
said today let's get OJ in and send this asshole out man are you an idiot
Christ if we're brains man you'd be loaded here's a mobile in the keys hello
yeah hey nil yes sir um I just wanted to say I don't know why anybody's have an opinion
on OJ moving down here I mean who wants a murder next to you I mean moving into your neighborhood
yeah we've got safe nothing seems pretty simple don't you it is to me I got a place for him to go
you can go to Cuba okay for that that's a good trifecta by the way Mike Tyson OJ and Fidel
well there's three guys does anybody want them in their neighborhood no no not that I know of
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line this is a great exercise today this is like I
said this the two year 2000 thing I mean that pales into what significance compared to this
this is a masterful piece a masterful demonstration of the attitudes of the populace of Florida
I mean if if if a naval length naval length rocket science compared to the mentality of the
people most of the people we've talked through today including that guy two calls ago the hooded
freak here's for a lottery hello hi god yes sir OJ is in my will yeah I'm doing quite well I
read a big more I did I did take an off vision rather than sign so and they found them out
and they found them out okay thanks whatever you're saying okay get get the crap out of your mouth
next time you call 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line sounded like inus the penis
sure with 20 pounds of corn cobs in this post here's Miami Beach hello Miami Beach
Beach going once here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami hello yes sir yeah
Neil speaking yes just to get off the OJ thing what about giving Clinton $400,000 of you
what's up with that the guy barely should have gotten uh yeah okay whatever you say pal
glad that you're really civically involved okay whether you're a rocket scientist go back to
New York all right we have enough of your kind here already go back to New York with your god damn
accent and your crappy attitude we're not talking about bubble today okay final life
president of the country's making $200,000 the year and this guy's worried about maybe they want
to give him a little bit more because they don't think it's enough jackass imbasil subhuman turd
26 after 1 at 5 60 w2 kind I feel great today you know I really do I feel fantastic
it's sticking for all of you who loved our pop up wipes for babies here's a new pop up wipe just for a
dollar hey yes white you talking to me yeah fucking to you what do you want an ass wipe you got one
sure here you go hey hey when you're on the go you don't always have time to wipe virally with
toilet paper if at all that's when you use new ass wipes the moist towel and the convenient pop up
honey you're squirming in your chair you didn't wipe properly did you well I was so darn busy
today I just didn't have the time here you need an ass wipe however ass wipes are especially
formulated to handle even the most stubborn fecal fiascos and they're sent it to give you that
fresh just white feeling say no that ass wipe you let me today was a real life saver I don't
want it back on understood yeah I was pitching that new client and I just couldn't stop digging
and scratching in there but that ass wipe left me clean as a whistle and at minty fresh feeling
gave me the confidence I needed to land the account ass wipes available in your grocers things
to wipe your butt with fashion 131 at 560 I figured that fit in real well with the conversation today
here's a fact from a lady lawyer in Miami who says isn't an ironic that OJ state is what is he
could prior to the murders he would then have given he wouldn't have given most of your black
colors the time of the day then when he needed the most is blackness emerge and not only that let's
take a month to further after we got off the hook and a criminal trial then all of a sudden he
came white again when he didn't need to play the raceguard when it's convenient like a comedian
some days he's black but most of the days he's white see if I would have said you know
brad gumbels coming down to the south Florida wants to move in and I can't stand him not because
he's blaze he's all like almost white anyway he's just barely black he's just an asshole no talent
piece of crap but if I said brad gumbel wants to move in and grow would anybody care of course not
nobody cares very simple point and you know something when we had the kids in Columbine high school
out there in little in Colorado killing each other and when we had the episode up there in Atlanta
did we have any black colors calling it about that no you want to know why because it was white
kids shooting other white kids so you know nobody gave a crap about that but because this scumbag
piece of dreck happens to be black all of a sudden that they what we have 1623 by actual
count calls from black listeners making a big song to dance and turning it into a racial thing again
talk about neurotic freaking repetition man and stop saying freaking by the way
here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil yes sir see one your score just how racially divided
people are on this issue I happen to work with a an elected state official what happens to be black
uh... very well educated nice family man yeah on the day the verdict was read I was sitting in my office
my he was in my boss's office the TV was on in there I didn't want to go in there because I had this
terrible thickening feeling that it was going to be a I'm not guilty verdict soon as the verdict was
read he left up in the air screen yeah yeah he's free he's not about it I mean I was so
sticking by that yeah I can't even begin to tell you I mean it just it just made me sick that
somebody like him why never you'd be the last person I would think who would put race before
common sense but he did and it that just goes to show you it the race issue knows no boundaries
I mean it's just incredible and it's it's mine he's a white guy he's not even a real black guy
other than just you know to look at him he's a white person he's part of white society exactly
I mean he did all the black people are called today he wouldn't live in your neighborhood if
you gave him a free house and the fed him for free for next 30 years he wouldn't live anywhere near
you got that right it's it's just terrible I'll tell you what and then you know it's got
got to help us to be moved down here okay pal take care see you teen jailed and stabbing at school
by the way I forgot that story in Hollywood yesterday we had a call about that of course I couldn't
verify it since we have no news department on this radio station unless it's ball scores we don't
know anything it's going on in the world which is pretty embarrassing I mean you know we got
CNN here so if they're murdering each other someplace else out of town it'll be on CNN but if it's
happening here is there any chance we're going to know about no and ongoing fight between two
teenagers moved from their neighborhood streets of the hallways of addicts middle school and Hollywood
yesterday when a seventh grader stabbed an eighth grader in the shoulder with a steak knife by
the way to the home room oh Marcus couch 15 was taking the Memorial Regional Hospital where he
was in stable condition the suspect who was 13 years old and plays on the schools backs a ball
team which charged with attempted first degree murder police that is named nothing published because
he's a juvenile unfortunately unfortunately that is named as nothing published because it should be
because when somebody 13 tries to cure you you're just as possibly dead as if he was 25
so at least we're not dealing with guns anymore we're dealing with steak knives
yes here's a mobile in a gable hello yeah yes sir I've spoken with a lot of people
regarding this objecting what I've discovered is when you talk to like white people who tend to be
on the racist side they're passionately angry when you talk to blacks they sympathize with the
racist part of it right the blacks I know that believe what is the race have to do with somebody
that murdered two people and called blood what does race have to do with it okay black people are
sensitive to the racial issue because it's a murderer sir what is the what is the racial issue what's
the racial issue okay when you hear people who are passionately angry with orgy you pick up that
if they're angry at him for killing a white woman he wouldn't give crab this issue if she was
absolutely not true I have listened to people and I'm not sure that there are people who are like
that but the fact is that I mean his wife could his first wife was black yeah the victims could
just as easily have been black it just happened that they were white he was married to a white
chick exactly I believe he did it and I believe he should have been in jail yeah right but when I
listen to some people yeah anger isn't about a murderer killing another human being your anger is
that a black man murdered a white woman and got away with it and that's why some black people
don't get behind orgy because they're not backing the murderer back in the black man if you're
seeing that these people are angry at a black man sir let me tell you something while both
groups of people that you're talking about are full of crap okay same rational people don't
don't defend murderers I mean well what kind of a conversation is this I feel like I you know I
feel like I'm sitting here picking my nose picking my eyeballs I'm picking seeds out of my
rectum what kind of an exercise is this like these are complicated issues
man oh man like this is difficult yeah we got people who look at everything for my racial point
of view okay but the overwhelming majority of sane rational people don't look at things that way
and the only reason that this story got so much attention wasn't because he murdered two white
people because he was a big celebrity that's why I got a lot of attention is that difficult to
figure out I guess it must be because it was oh Jay there you go oh Jay you go oh Jay you go boy
oh don't say boy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line I still
think and even the guy he had living in the house his house guy there Kato even he was white
there wasn't I bet you the poor guy there was probably a white kid too there was nobody black and
Brentwood I'll guarantee you that I bet you whoever picked up the garbage outside they were probably
white that's how Lily White that part of LA is okay when he's a black hero okay whatever you say
22 before two at five sixty WQA and boys media is sick and they talk badly
all
like oh
All the missions are on stage
In the year, when we ate, ate, ate, ate
You're gonna look around and find that nothing has changed
Outside of inner, baby faces is used
High-saturn ways of the throttling foos
In the year, three thousand times
This theum will have a new ship again
Baby, oh, as we know it will be dead
We're listening to the incident instead
In the year, three thousand times
Cat-crackers will be so high
You won't want to drive
Thoughts will only teach you prime time cartoons
And the President will be a huge world
That's been a million years
How about that? We're still right here
Go find something else to do
Your predictions won't come true
And when you find the lies
Perhaps you realize
That all those years away
Is just another day
In the year, five thousand and nine
When we go through this again
And hear you why
We won't be able to watch these things
Unless we upgrade to a Microsoft Free
In the year, three thousand times
I'm sure that's an interesting thing
The overwhelming majority of the people
have called it, even the ones that are sucking his ass
They start off the call by saying, well, you know, I know that he did it
I'm pretty sure he did it, but
145 and 560 WQAM
I also discovered today another oxymoron
American intelligence
Here's Boka, hello
Hey, Neil, I got a little different take on this thing
I guarantee you
If you had maybe 50 black men and women in a room
And you asked each one of them
If they have either themselves been
Or they know someone
Who has been harassed by the police
I would think that the majority of those people
Would probably say that they do
And I think the fact
Meaning what?
Well, they're just, you know, they're so conditioned to expect
The criminal justice system
To, you know, target them
And...
It's just, it's just where is me out
I think we only got 15 minutes left
There's nothing complicated about this conversation
All I did was say, I saw a piece on the news last night
That this murdering son of a bitch
Is looking to maybe move here again
And he's talking about buying a house in the grow
And do you want a murderer
Living in South Florida
And we don't have to go through a whole
Long sociological examination of people's attitudes
And the history of why they're anti-cop
Or why they're paranoid
Do you want a murderer living in the next door to you
That's all the very simple thing
There's nothing complicated about this
Well, I can answer that very straightforward
And I think the guy is guilty
I think he should have fried
Yeah
I think the entire cast of characters that were involved in that trial
Were probably the most
Acetic group of people
That America could have assembled
Yeah
Starting with Johnny Cochran, Marsha Clark, Chris Darden
Bob Shapiro
I mean, how does it look?
I mean, I know you know
All of the people that were involved in that trial
I would say 90% have gone on to like
Same information, same information
Chris Darden was on some
You know, 9 o'clock sitcom
I don't give a s*** anymore
And I mean, it was just pathetic
The whole thing was just a big show
But the reason that I called, I wanted to call yesterday
I want to know how in the world
We got a governor like Jeb Bush
Elected him
Because a lot of stupid people went and they voted for him
That's why
Is this guy, is he the biggest puppet you've ever seen in your life?
Yeah, he's a puppet of the right wing of the
Fanatical right wing lunatic frames
That's correct
I know you read the thing yesterday where he's trying to
Pass the reform on the
You know, the corporate
Liabilities
Yeah
I've got another thing that I saw in the back of the paper about a week ago
I didn't get one call today about the Achoo's life thing
I read from Steve Bosch, Gays column
He's gotten 48 letters of support
And 1121 against on the Choo's life for license plates
I'm trying to put right wing political slogans on license plates to the state
And there's nobody that's audience cares about that
Well, I mean, I know a lot of people that care
They may not be calling in but they care
But I just know I want the people afloat and to realize that the person that they elected is not the person that's
You know, sitting up there in Tallahassee
You've just got a bunch of big times
And of course they had no reason not to know
All the information was there, all the evidence was there
And especially from the last time he ran for years ago
It was very clear that he was a puppet of the far right
And anybody didn't know that had to be a moron
But if you've been listening to the, it was a lot of months
Yeah, that's the problem we've got a lot of morons
That's how I got elected
I just wanted to tell the people out there that I read about a week ago
Small, small article in the back of the page
Paper on it if you know this
He passed legislation making golf memberships
Tax deductible
Great
Now, you know, I'm fortunate enough to belong to a private golf club
But I don't want to make it a tax deduction
I mean, you know, I'm happy that I can do that
Well, a lot of wealthy Republicans like tax deductions for playing golf so just mind your own business
Well, but that's how, you know, that's how they get such a bad name
Because they're doing well to start with
Okay, and then they want to rub people's faces in it and say
Not only are we doing well, but we're going to, you know, we're not going to have that
You better knock a lunder and get with the program, sir, or before it's too late
Well, let's do some change and out there
Have a great day. Okay, let's do some change
And you got four long years, baby
Four long years, you better start saying those denominational prayers, baby
Robino's rosary beat, oh, sorry, that's a catholic
I don't know what those, that's just two
What do they do? They stick in tongues beside each other?
Are they tongue in each other?
I'll tell you one thing
They sure gave it to the state of Florida right in the old
spectrum 10 before 2 at 560 WQM
