420560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
420560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
The end of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect
those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the beastly Rogers.
Now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Get away and feel the release.
Smell the fresh sea air.
Taking the unparalleled experience of Cuban rafting.
Oh yeah.
It's like a vacation.
Away from your troubles.
Your life back home.
You're the skipper on a journey to a better place.
The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day.
Unpredictable.
Graph taking.
Life threatening.
Cuban rafting on the Atlantic.
Will your way to something better?
Well faster.
No faster.
Here come the sharks.
Got a well much faster than that.
Road damage.
Pain for brother.
You wish Navy.
I'm going to tell you something.
I have been telling you for 20 years and some people think, oh that ride your teeth just
a bigoted son of a bitch.
He's an old good hard ass.
I see this.
You wonder why I talk about this town the way that I do.
And let me just again say one more time.
Just in case you missed it the first 50,000 times.
Bade County.
You people at Livin' Bade County.
Maybe someday you'll be lucky enough to move to the US.
Which you know the US has got plenty of its own problems.
And we have fascists like Ken Jenny running around in Broward County.
And you can't have an erection in an adult place if others serve an alcohol.
But nevertheless.
Bade County is not the US of A. So why should anybody be surprised at the latest antics
of these frenzy hysterical people?
And let me point out, okay, I want to make very clear one thing.
Because I'm listening all around the dial this morning.
I didn't hear by the way cast your novel because I didn't turn on FM.
But nice call and air Paul finally.
He sends Omelette out there.
We just got a spy report on it.
It's Omelette a little advantage with a group of people to sit out there on the street
on Southwest 8th street or wherever it was and block off the street screaming, okay,
how does it feel now?
In other words pay back as a bitch.
And of course along came some of South Florida's finest.
And said either you get your ass out of the streets or we're going to throw your ass in jail.
See the rules are different here depending on which language if you speak it upon it.
You know what I'm saying?
A foreign country and I'm going to tell you all you got to do is look in your newspapers today
and see who's sucking the hardest.
Here's the Sun Sentinel that I think had it right for a change.
I guess we didn't have any girls get burns on their feet or little kids get scratched
or anybody catch a cold overnight.
So that didn't make the front page like yesterday about the little girl with the bruise
on the protestors paralyzed traffic right on the front page with a picture.
Cuban exile demonstrators block a city of Miami Beach vehicle from crossing the MacArthur
crossway as they took over the street in front of the bus, etc.
And I look at this picture by the way and I'm looking fairly closely and I'm thinking
to myself, my decon is the first thing that comes to mind.
But nevertheless that's in the Sun Sentinel.
In the Harold however, not that the Harold is pandering and wait till I get to their
bring it out to the oil today.
Front page a desperate dash.
Two Cubans dogs patrol swim to land as far as our detainment protest and it goes on and
on and on and on.
And finally when you get to page 14, there's a little thing here way down to about over
a thousand protesters hit the day streets kind of like an afterthought.
But as I started to say before, don't get confused because I was flipping around the
dial and some people were saying, well, you know these Hispanics, no, it's not Hispanics.
It wasn't Nick or Robbins.
It wasn't Puerto Ricans.
It wasn't Colombians.
It wasn't Venezuela and Sam.
It wasn't home.
I leave it out.
I'm not.
It wasn't Mexican.
It was a Georgian.
I beg your pardon.
Georgia is in here today.
My name is D.
Oh, yeah.
George Montana is filling in for George Rodriguez today because George went home out
of the embarrassment factor.
George Montana is a brother.
But anyway, it's not Hispanics.
It's Cubans.
Let's call a spada, whatever it is.
This is a one dimensional group of people and you, you know, one thing you're going to
have to take responsibility for because I understand the embarrassment factor.
I understand it.
But over the years, you've always tried to steer me away from it.
Oh, it's just the old people.
It's just a few old parts down there to one's in Domino Park.
I watched the news last night.
I watched it all again this morning.
I see the pictures in the newspaper.
Most of these people out there were young people.
Not the cross to the old parts.
It was passed their bedtime anyway last night, the old parts in Domino Park.
These were young people who should know better.
I sit corrected and it makes me feel...
And as far as the coast guard is concerned, yeah, you know, you think you got enough brains
that when they got all the TV stations, it got their choppers out there and you're on
live television and people like Elliot Rodriguez, which I'll get to him, by the way.
What a performance that was Elliot, you asshole, you.
What an idiot.
He's trying to give a lecture to the guy from the coast guard.
Well, how come you're not doing this?
You're supposed to be reporting the news, Elliot, not making it.
But nevertheless, don't confuse him with the facts.
He's a little emotional and a little biased.
But you think that the coast guard would have enough common sense realizing that all these
cameras are trained at them and thousands of people are watching and a bunch of angry
people are gathering on the beach because the mayor of the county is on Spanish language
radio along with every other goddamn pandering politician screaming at...
I'm doing his usual routine.
I'm doing it, I'm doing it, I'm doing it.
You think you've got enough sense to be a little more sensitive in the way they handle
it, okay?
So I don't think anybody would have brainwashed the fan that.
But setting that aside, number one, this was not a major news story.
Number two, if the six people out there in the little Rickety vote would have been Haitians,
they'd already be back in Haiti.
You can bet your life on it.
And you know something, the hero in your brilliant pandering editorial today, talking about
the horrible and shameful US refugee policy.
Is there one word in here about Haitians?
No.
About anybody else from any other country besides Cuba?
No.
And by the way, if it would have been Haitians, not only would they already be back in
Haiti, but nobody would have blocked off the streets last night.
Nobody would have pissed off an entire county.
I say an entire county, I guarantee there were people who lived in Broward that got cut
up and that on the Paul Meadow and on the Julia Tuttle on the MacArthur Causeways too last
night.
So like I said, an entire part of the state, it wasn't bad enough.
We had to undergo the embarrassment with the junior Pan Am Games and now all future Pan Am
Games and other international tournaments who will never consider coming to South
Florida because of the same hysterical idiots.
You know, when are you going to get a life?
When are we ever?
Yeah, the one division that stays in my mind, they show these idiots jumping into the
water to show their support for these people.
They're jumping off the bridges into the water.
And here's this one old guy, you know, dripping with water, 500 years old.
I'm thinking, give it a frickin' rest already, okay?
Give us a rest, give us some peace in this town.
I think it's time that they take dig county and surgically, I said this years ago and
everybody laughed at me, just surgically cut it off the map, drifted down there to Cuba,
okay?
And when people say Cuba North, they know what they're talking about.
Instead of having people come here and kiss the ground and be thankful and grateful
for having the opportunity to escape that communist regime that we're always hearing about
and be civilized toward their fellow neighbors in this community.
Airbnb changed like a couple of months ago and there was the guy with a little rickety
both that they confiscated and right away, oh, we're going to go down there and tie up traffic.
Every time we're pissed off and Gully had it right on the head this morning, what a great precedent this is.
The meeting got everybody whipped up and they were friends and they said,
oh, you better let these people stay here and it's okay.
Whatever you say, that's a great precedent.
There's a great message to send out.
Every time you're pissed off about anything, go out there and block off the traffic,
get people sitting there high-stereical for four and five hours in traffic,
people who have nothing to do with your grievances, by the way, nothing,
and many of whom may have been sympathetic with you before, by the way,
and I'm sure hate you like poison now.
I'll tell you one thing, if you wanted to have a primer, if you wanted to have a college course
in how an ethnic group can take and turn an entire community against them.
And engender some of the most wild hatred you've ever seen in your life.
I'm not talking by clansmen and diggers.
I'm just talking about people who are generally like reasonably tolerant people.
Just go to this, just go to Dade County and take a page from the Cuban Historia book,
which you saw here again last night.
And Elliot Rodriguez, I'm going to tell you right now, you are your performance yesterday afternoon.
See, it's not bad enough that the CBS and the FOX people have forced us with a big dish.
We can't see our affiliates anymore on the big dish.
So if we want to watch a network show like guiding light yesterday,
they got to keep interrupting and interrupting because we're forced to watch CBS
on their local affiliate, whether we want to or not.
See, I was watching the See the Network program, even though it was a dumb soap opera.
I wasn't watching the C.H. hysterical.
And this wasn't a major story.
There are refugees washing up on our shores all the time.
But because the media were able to get there into politicians, of course,
when flocking down there like crazy, like they had anti-interpanse to exploit this
and get everybody whipped up into a frenzy.
And because it's the middle of the summertime and there's nothing else going on besides
the little girls falling down a movie theaters, getting a boobal under their leg.
That's what you saw in Dade County.
And once again, the laughing stock of the universe.
A laughing stock where you just can't live in peace because every time a certain segment of
the community gets pissed off about whatever it is, they're going to make it miserable.
They're going to make it hell for everybody else.
And most of the media are going to say, all right, nice going.
Like this idiotic editorial in the Herald this morning.
This ass-sucking pandering editorial in the Herald this morning.
This is disgusting. This is revolting.
This is grotesque.
And you wonder why I talk about this town the way I do?
This town when I first came here was pretty good.
Life was sweet as DeFo says.
And now it just keeps getting worse and worse and the corruption gets more rampant
than it just out of control.
And yeah, and if you don't want to go along with the program in Dade County,
maybe you better move.
And I did long time ago.
Thank God for that.
Somebody owes an apology to all those thousands and thousands of people whose lives were disrupted
last night for no God's end good reason for things they have nothing to do with a no control over.
I'm sorry.
I'll consider it.
Hello.
You have reached Dickey's Workers Choice Catalog and Information One.
To speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone,
please stay on the line.
Thank you.
Transferring to an operator.
Please wait.
Dickey's customer service.
This is Luanne.
How may I help you?
Yeah, my Luanne.
Hi.
Hi.
You like Dickey's?
Sure.
I guess a lot of women do, huh?
I believe so.
My woman says she loves to get Dickey's.
I see.
She likes a lot of, yeah.
And I understand some gay guys like Dickeys.
Well, I'm really not now.
I'm really thought about that.
What's the biggest Dickeys you've seen?
Well, sir, we go up to a 72 waist.
Oh my God.
You like little Dickey's too?
Sir, I think my girl basically likes big Dickeys.
Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir?
Yeah, just a day.
I get to say Dickey a lot on the phone.
Were you willing to place an order, sir?
For what?
For clothing?
But don't talk about Dickeys.
Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing.
Well, Dickey Dickey, mm-hmm, yeah.
Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this.
I'm not like Dickeys.
A lot of women like Dickeys.
Sir, I'm going to disconnect now.
No, when you're talking about Dickey, yeah.
That's 17 to 560 WDQM 567 0560, 0560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Swim the freedom.
Here's the editorial in the sucking pandering hero today,
which mentions nothing by the way about the disruption,
about the civil disobedience that went on this town last night for hours.
Some people were stuck for as long as five hours on the carthorough and on the palm metal last night,
but the hero has no comment about that.
Ugly is the word that comes to mind followed by shameful and sad and senseless, it says.
With the unblinking steer of live television,
countless numbers of viewers witnessed yesterday afternoon,
the arbitrary and too often cruel application of US refugee policy.
And of course, in here about the Bolseros summer of 1994,
when countless thousands of desperate Cubans risked their lives on the flimsyest of rats
in search of freedom and a Clinton administration did this,
but I'll be, but I'll be, but I'll be,
not one word about Haitians about anybody else in the world.
And like I said, not one word about one one on here last night,
which is totally and absolutely and positively unfreeking acceptable.
It is unacceptable.
Every time something doesn't go their way, we're going to go out in the streets,
we're going to block the traffic because we own this town,
and if you don't like it, we'll give you the bafan gula. How do you like that?
That's the message.
And like I said, somebody is owed a big apology in this town.
And if that's just a question of the people who were caught in their cars who sat in traffic
for hours, it's a question of how much, how can this town even survive?
Well, this is just on the heels. It was just last week that they lost the junior pan-end games
to evolve places, Tampa, and that the people from the Pan American selection committee were like
psychotic and saying, hey, forget it. Don't even bother applying anymore in the future
because we wouldn't come there if you paid us $50 billion.
If it's so great, I'm going to say the same thing, okay?
Just like with the New Yorkers, okay? If it's so great, get on your rubber raft and start
going in that direction. South, the rats go in both directions, okay? Get your lickety,
you're lickety, rickety, boat, and go to hell down there.
Give this town a chance. Just a chance. Just a little bit of a chance. I watched this crap for
23 freaking years now. Oh, the courageous, the courageous freedom float till
it. Back when Casher was unloading all his mental defectives and his worst criminals,
and the media in this town, the scuttless politicians in the media.
Oh, it's the courageous freedom float till it. And God forbid that any of us
should go on here and say, does this make any sense? Oh, no, you can't say that.
Because you've got to say the right things here in this town, Mr.
you've got real problems. These weren't old parts from Domino Park. These were young people
who have evidently no respect for anybody else who lives here.
Who doesn't share their one-dimensional history?
God, it just makes you want to get on the ground and puke.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello?
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Man, I am pissed off and fired up here. I'm reading the other thing
in the slum sentinel. Yeah. The story. You know, you said it best and you know, as you usually do,
but I got one question. I'm reading it like just like you said. These aren't the
oldsters, you know, from the ancient, the, the Easter days. This is like 5,000 people in various
places all around town. I say the average age of these people were 30 to 35. The average age of
all the people that I saw who were doing all the civil disobedience tested. I mean, my question
is this how in hell can they get this many people organized in the borderline? No, you don't
understand. It's not organized. And see, this is another myth that some people like to promote
all the time. Oh, it's only old, old Domino Park people that listen to those Spanish language
stations. Well, you look at the ratings month after month, book after book. I mean, it makes
mistakes every now and then, but it can't be every year. You're looking there and there are all
these people in their 20s and 30s listening to, you know, certainly getting most of their news
from channel 23, not from English language outlets. So we're not making any progress, man.
Who are these people? I mean, you know, and wouldn't you think that the energy that they
extend to do something like this could be put the better uses? Yeah, sure would. I mean,
yeah, I just don't know what to think anymore. It's like, you're right, you know,
I mean, this thing a couple of months ago, but the guy with his boat that they didn't want to
give him back, which he eventually got it back anyway, but this was such a minor story. And yet,
even then, we had people blocking streets and they were talking about a massive blockade off
the streets if they don't get their way. I mean, this is like a bunch of little children in a sandbox.
If we don't get our way, we're going to rattle our spoon on the on the goddamn high chair
and make all the noise until you finally cave in and just to shut us up. Neil, Neil, ambulance has
had to be rerouted. If this was any of the, how would you like to a bit? How would you like to
be in a wreck over there somewhere in a macArthur and an ambulance trying to get to you around
the Palmetto somewhere trying to save your life, the paramedics, forget it. Any other city in the
area? So millions, every one of these people should have been rounded up if they had a call
the National Guard and thrown their ass in jail, just like I'm lit over there on the little
event of this morning, them threatening him either get out of the street or going to throw your ass
in jail. Neil, any other town of the United States does not go on and if it does, it's dealt with
real, real quickly. This is the only place that I'm going to go. No, it does go on, but only if
there's something extraordinary that happens. It's happened in New York and other places.
But only if there's something extraordinary and grotesque that happens that really gets people
crazy. This was six people and a goddamn rickety boat and a coast guard actor, a way that they
shouldn't have been doing. And it was a bunch of people in the media and politicians whipping everybody
up into a frenzy over nothing. Absolutely. It floors me the way the way it happens here. The
other message is that every Cuban who gets on a boat and tries to come here, this is the message
has got to be allowed to come here. Anybody else that can drown, they can go to hell. Nobody
else, including the hero, gives a crap about those people. All I want to know is when is those
summer groups? 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, on a mobile one. I'm sure you'll be hearing about that later,
say it ain't so, though. This isn't something that's debatable. I mean, I understand it. I've
told you before, this is not a civilized place. This is a barbaric place. And by the way,
seven people stabbed at the Miami Arena last night for the rap concert. I just mentioned that in
passing. Just as a little extra added bonus to make it a great night in the big city. Seven people
live in the city. Last night, this was a topic of discussion at the dinner table. I couldn't
like put my finger on like a word to like really describe it. And then it came to me. This is
tantamount to terrorism. In other words, somebody doesn't like it. So what they do is they harm
someone else to get them to be sympathetic, which is completely allodical. Which turns everybody
else against you. That's correct. Exactly. There isn't much you could do about it.
That's the way it is. Except to move. That's why I live in the brown and palm beach.
I'm stored and farther and farther away. Because this is unacceptable. No civilized person wants to
live like this. Why would you want to subject yourself to being with people like this?
I would think that's the way I move. That's why I live in the brown and two. All right. That's the
whole spiel. Okay. God bless you, sir. God bless America. And maybe someday you people in
day counting will be lucky enough to live in it. Everybody used to live. I'm not everybody. But some
people used to say, oh boy, you're really going overboard with that, you know, dayed counties,
not part of America. Yeah, right. It's a banana republic. It's the only county in the United
States that gets involved in foreign policy. It's a county that's got its own foreign policy.
As if the State Department somehow has something to do with what's going on in dayed county.
Where the mayor, by the way, the same mayor that was on Radio Poteroza, whatever the hell
that thing is, 670 yesterday, whipping everybody up into a frenzy, doing a play by play.
Like it says in a Harold here, what was that thing about his voice quivering?
Mayor Peanus stood near the Coast Guard Station on the MacArthur Causeway, giving a blow-by-blow
account of the protest to Spanish radio listeners and getting everybody whipped up into a frenzy.
Isn't that where the cart rights lived, the Poteroza? Yeah, the Poteroza. That's where a little
a horse and little whatever his name was, and Lauren Green, till they got the dog food thing.
Now he moved in with Alpo. Oh, God. Fixed elections, trying to stick one over you.
I am going to tell you right now I'm going to do everything in my power. If I have to dwell on
an after vacation every day and at 29th of July and the Thursday to make sure that everybody
votes no on a goddamn penny sales tax that they're trying to screw the public with here in dayed
county so that Mayor Steerheim and Mayor Peanus and his cronies can give you another
bunch of bull-craft metro rail to go along with the billion dollar first one that they had a fixed
election on and I'll guarantee you right now I was told George before we came on here this morning
that election I remember it very well, very very close so they said and they worded it backward of
course if they all want to do if you're for it you vote no and if you're against it you vote yes.
Let's confuse the people as much as we can maybe we'll luck out and even doing that it was still
like nip and tuck and so in the wee hours in the morning when the votes came in from like home sped
the votes came in to put the metro rail over the top homestead oh yeah they're all from
at for rail ride squads squirt yeah there's squeezing each other so excited about it does it go
anywhere near homestead no will it ever go there no no another fixed election in a town that's
famous for fixed elections you know used to be Chicago was the most corrupt city in America then it
was New York the mobsters and all the other intaminy hall then it was Louisiana with hewie long and
all the crap in New Orleans and now Miami's number one baby we may not be the best but with the
god damn crookedest on the face of the earth god forbid we should have casino gambling you know what I'm saying
because that brings in bad elements 26 after 10 at 5.60 wqa and you want to get you some cash maybe
you want to go to Vegas you'll have a good time there you won't have to worry about a bunch of crazy
people blocking the streets off in Vegas they should just only try that one time there see how long
yeah
My eyes go big and brown.
Oi!
They're both ringing at my feet now.
We have to fold them down.
I love the recent day's short of string chants on my pie.
If life under what big shot I'll be gone stage and tie.
Sometimes they take their clothes off and stop dancing in the aisle.
But I know that I should make them stop putting on with things behind.
That is the worst power.
No!
That's me my star, Bob.
Bob!
I'm buying it at House Involvegar.
1032 at 5.
By the way, he's Puerto Rican.
That's one you can't play on a Cuban.
1032 at 5.60 W.
I'm always preaching about one of the several things.
But one thing in particular, and that is don't be a professional...
...Iline of blank, okay?
Because you've got to be a human being.
Like George is also a character today because he was born Cuban and therefore he feels and...
What do you have to do with it?
You know, these were professional Cuban agitators who are out there last night.
Who aren't and who have no respect for anybody else.
Who live in their own world.
They're good Cubans.
They're crappy Cubans.
They're good Jews.
They're obnoxious Jews.
There's no matter what the group is.
But people who want to go through life.
Oh, I'm Cuban man.
Who gives a crap.
I don't care.
I'm not impressed.
What does that have to do with anything?
That's accident.
That's by lot.
You know?
By the look of the drawer, the bad luck, depending on how you look at it.
And by the way, nice job channel four and Mayor Julianne and that Honduran kid with this phoning story.
Nice job again for the media yesterday.
Ten minutes they spent on the five o'clock news.
After they got through with the banana boat people, we went into that ten minutes story about this Honduran kid...
...who walked through Honduras and he walked through Mexico and all the way here about it.
Yeah.
So hoax.
Nice going Rudy Giuliani.
Go back and close up the Pornos shops, okay?
And mind your own business.
Professional Jews, professional Cubans, professional Spartans, professional Faggot, professional F...
...I have no room in my life for such people.
We have to be people with no labels.
And if you're so obsessed with that little piece of mountainous island there in the middle of the Caribbean,
which means nothing to almost anybody anymore in the world, which is of no strategic importance to this country whatsoever anymore.
If you're so obsessed like I said, go there!
Fly over to the Bahamas, then you can go to Cuba.
Fly to Canada, you can get our plane and go there.
They're flights to leave in every hour.
Go there and move in with all those poor, schlepper relatives, if you can find any left there, which I doubt.
And by the way, you know, I probably shouldn't mention this on the year because now that I'm really getting into MTV,
we'll wind up losing MTV.
Because on Roadkill, I mean Road Rules, this new group of kids we got on Road Rules,
well, one of them, she's a Cuban girl.
So one of the things they did on the first night Monday night, one of the stops that they made, was in Havana,
and they played softball against a bunch of Cuban kids.
How do you like that?
Get them off the cable now, come on Insta, come on Insta, come on Insta,
they were playing softball with Cuban kids and getting their asses beat, too, by the way.
The day has got to come, and of course it never will come.
I mean, you know, I can sit here and say it from now for next five years, just to kill some good time, or three years, I'm sorry.
Never gonna change.
I mean, this is in their brain.
I mean, the brain washed, this is they lived for this, this is all they know,
they're 24 hours a day, around the clock, and they use it as a weapon against all the rest of us who hope to have a life that has something to do with anything besides Cuba,
or Israel or any other one of the, I don't hear any black people saying, oh my God, Africa, Africa, we're just desperate to go back to Africa,
we gotta emancipate the whole continent of Africa.
I don't hear Haitian say, oh we gotta emancipate Haiti, Haiti, no.
Quite to the contrary, they want to get there a lot of there.
And how come there were all these people, by the way,
living around the communist flag yesterday, with all the crap going on? That's what I would like to know.
How come they were waving the flag?
How come they weren't waving the American flag? It seems to me, that's what we were looking at yesterday.
Was that people were trying to get to freedom in the US. Freedom, like freedom to drive your car in a highway without being disrupted by a bunch of barbaric idiots.
So how come they weren't waving the US flag to celebrate the fact that these people were coming up on the shores of a free country,
and freedom of course being something that most Cubans have no idea what it's all about since they've never had it?
How come we didn't see that?
And how come instead of saying, you know, Viva, La Ua USA, Los Estados Unidos, how come instead of that?
We had Viva Guoba from that old fart where the water dripping down his ugly pus.
That's silly old man.
And here's a list in the paper here, every politician with a Hispanic surname was there sucking ass yesterday.
They were running all over each other to see you could get there.
I bet you they were coming in by helicopter. They couldn't get there fast enough to exploit this and jump onto God damn bad wagon.
Let a course by Mayor Pymus.
Oh yeah, he's a young guy, he's a Democrat, he's going to be different. He's the same old pile of crap only worse.
He's a wolf and sheep's clothing is what he is.
Nice going, getting there on the radio, getting everybody hooked up into a frenzy.
And the mayor by the way should take plenty of credit or blame.
At least Mar-Mar-Mar-Mar-Mar-Mar-Tymus as much as I despise him.
Although Hank likes him a lot, you know what I'm saying? Hank's a lot of people.
Eating ruffle.
That was funny.
But nevertheless, at least he was there trying to disperse the crowd and say, go home and enough of this and they're going to be able to stay.
Even after it was announced that they finally had coerced the immigration people to say, okay, they can stay here enough already cut the crap.
Even after that they still want to go.
I didn't see him mixing it up with the protestor.
Yeah.
Someone Adam was talking about it.
Just in the crap out of one of the folks.
Exactly.
Wait, he's a big guy.
He would have turned Hank into two pounds of chopped liver outside of that right now.
He's a huge guy.
And then the police chief there in Highly Gets Head on the side of the head with a brick.
I mean, you know, it was just that orderly protest.
Not.
It was civil disobedience.
Let me say it again.
When people were protesting for legitimate causes like against the war in Vietnam, like a Kent state, a shot.
Some of them got murdered.
When people go out and protest legitimately against things that are grotesque and unacceptable, well, then different story.
They bring in the National Guard.
They round them off and they throw their ass in jail.
But when people are out there blocking off the streets of this town again for the umpteenth time because they're fired up and pissed off because the media and their politicians got them all whipped up into a frenzy.
Because we got six guys flailing around in the water out there and the Coast Guard didn't do right by him.
Another year Rod Regan is hyperventilating their own channel for you know something.
If it were me, of course, I understand their desperate for ratings.
They're going to have a panda.
You know, they got to be channel seven when it comes to pandering.
It's up to me.
I fire his ass right now.
That way that wasn't a news job yesterday.
That was that was like, well, what was that that he was doing besides interrupting guiding light three times for a non-story.
Only here could an entire community be disrupted and whipped up into a frenzy about something so relatively insignificant.
If the six guys stay, no big deal.
If they were sent back, no big deal.
One way or the other.
It's not going to change anything about this town, about our immigration policy about anything.
It's not a big deal.
How to compare this to that little girl that fell down the movie theater in Burgaidah, booboo on her leg.
I left my case.
Regresa canalajo de Obastardo.
You want a date and you can confirm a one living to do this right in a half a Saturday.
I'm sick of being alone.
No, I just want to get laid.
Some of those dating service lines, short, make up through some of the initial bull like actually having to go out and meet someone.
But overall, they still contribute to the red tape keeping you out of the bedroom.
You need...
Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi.
Forget about.
Hi, I'm Cindy.
I like nature walk, art gallery.
And I'm looking for a man who can...
With 555 Hump, all you get is...
Hi, I'm Cindy.
544, clean bill of hell.
And 8 out of 10.
And well, I guess that's it.
No one cares what your interests are.
Or even if you have a criminal record, it's...
555 Hump.
Kill the bull.
Call the Hump today.
1044-516.
By the way, you spineless idiots, ass suckers in the media here and all over America.
Just like when the Pope came to Cuba.
Which I remember like it was yesterday.
And all they were...
Cristiana, I'm on poor and every other reporter was done.
Or hyperventilating and sucking him by his toenails.
Looking as God them, miter, whatever the hell that is.
Anything changed there?
No.
Church going big down there?
No.
Communism disappear?
No.
Freedom?
Huh?
Pope bring any money?
No.
Any medication?
Any food?
Any hope?
No.
No.
No.
And everybody was strangely quiet back then.
Everybody that cat had their tongue.
Or maybe it was that wafer got caught on the tongue.
That might have been it.
By the way, we understand that...
I see I shouldn't get into this.
But as I hear it to the grapevine, I think it's going to be true.
It's starting this Sunday.
It services a cat like churches all over the world.
They're going to have the wafer going to be shaped like a little penis.
What?
It's called truth and packaging.
That's what Father O'Toole said.
You know, here, put this in your mouth, Billy.
You know, practice makes perfect.
Where are we going?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, you're going to love this.
Just heard that they're demonstrating, again, outside chrome.
Demonstrating what?
Well, they're obviously whipped up again, demonstrating the treatment of the six refugees again.
What's there to demonstrate?
They got their way.
They're going to be allowed to stay here.
What's there to demonstrate now?
They didn't explain now.
They just said here they go again.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
And they blocked off the edge.
You know what?
I have to wonder.
I'm looking at the pictures of these people.
And I saw the films on a TV over it.
These are people who are like working-age people.
Do these people have any light?
Oh.
They have a job.
What are they doing?
Well, they've already blocked off chrome Avenue.
Okay, thanks for the good news, sir.
You're good, sir.
Okay, here we go.
It just gets better and better and better.
I know.
Some of us might be going out there.
Occasion pretty soon.
Thank God.
Oh, kiss the ground, baby.
Some of us might live in Broward.
Oh, yeah, that ain't perfect.
But oh, boy.
There's something so beautiful about Broward.
You know what I mean?
It's not date.
That's the beautiful part about living in Broward.
Is that it's not date County.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Miami-Dade County.
A County that was so embarrassed that they tried to change their name.
And still ain't fooling anybody.
We not only have professional ethics, but the County is so ethnic that it's a high...
We not only have people with hyphenated names, we have a hyphenated County.
Miami-Dade County.
In fact, wait until they change it to Miami-Dade Gonzalez County.
That's...oh, that's next week.
Miami-Dade Ross-Latin in County.
Maybe Rosanne Rosanne-Dantin can come back and be the Empress.
They're starting up again.
And we're going to hold you hostage and you're going to do it our way.
And let me say that those kids that went and played softball against the Cuban kids
are on road rules on MTV.
Didn't see any problems going on.
Didn't see anybody going...
What's that?
What's that?
Seemed to be getting along pretty good.
Having a good time kind of like mingling there.
Well, you know, people, the people kind of thing, which is what life real life is all about.
And I'm looking again at the picture.
Of course, I realize it's the herald.
So maybe a little bit skewed here because I never believe anything in the herald anymore.
And that's too much in the other paper.
But here's the picture on the MacArthur Causeway yesterday.
And it does point out by the way that all the rescue vehicles and ambulances,
they were all paralyzed.
They had no way to get to you.
Nobody to go anyway.
Oh, George has got the American flag on his lapel now.
And it's a good thing on his shirt pocket.
And then you must be psyching because I'm getting it.
That I'm looking at this picture now of all these idiots.
And I do mean idiot.
And that's a compliment congregating there and blocking off the traffic on the MacArthur Causeway.
I see one, two, three, four, five flags.
Is there an American flag?
No.
No, they're all a flag of a communist country.
Is what I see.
Come onista, come onista, come onista.
Maddick Corn, come onista.
There you go.
Like Omelet said, they're uncastled over show this morning.
How does it feel now?
Better get off the street.
We're going to throw your ass in jail.
Oh, I see.
No speaker right language, huh?
Spinalist.
That's what this town is.
Baby, that's what they tell you is.
Spinalist politicians pandering media.
And just a handful of us that have the balls to go on and tell the truth.
Pinecrest, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah, I applaud the Coast Guard because I'm a bowter and a fisherman.
Yeah.
And if I was out there on the water and the Coast Guard tried to pull me over and I resisted,
they would have blown me out of the law.
Yes you would.
But nobody wants to talk about is that the Coast Guard was trying to carry out the law.
They didn't write the law.
They could not have not put the pepper spray that was excessive.
I would be, you know, but as far as everything else, they were trying to get them on the boat
because they were trying to carry out the law.
Don't confuse these Cubans with the law, baby.
They don't like it.
Right.
And I wish they would take all their aggression toward Castro.
And go over and to the road back yard and Cuba and deal with it over there.
If that island is so important, my God, these people ought to be going on.
There's the same ones whose parents, by the way, and grandparents maybe turn tail and ran like cowards.
They ought to be down there, or they're doing something about it.
Yeah, I was here since early 60s and the Cubans that came in on that wave,
they loved being here and they appreciated the United States.
But this latest wave, the Mario Bullif, since 1980, man.
You know, people are calling and saying, oh, yeah, we made it what it is today.
The people who came since 1980 for the most part, they did make it what it is today.
They turned their county into a toilet, into a banana republic.
Well, actually, the Mario Lito's made it what it is today.
Yeah, but anyway, lastly, I'm on my way to the street to block traffic.
See you.
Okay.
Viva Cuba, Viva Cuba, Libre.
This is anxious and nauseating, and it's so, you know, you know what's like?
It's like going through the same exercise, the same old, tired exercise,
over and over and over.
And it's pointless.
He's not going anywhere.
Fidel ain't going away.
He's in pretty good health.
He's smoking a big cigars over there.
He's having the time of his life.
He's getting late all he wants.
I mean, he's not going.
So you can keep flagulating the rest of us with this over and over and over again.
And all it does is polarize and create enormous hatred in this community.
That's all it does.
It doesn't do anything else.
And like I said, you know, it's interesting.
You notice nobody is responding what I said about the Haitians.
If these six people would have been, and we had Haitian voters being exploited,
by the way, being smuggled in by ruthless assholes.
I wouldn't want to say, Joe Cuba, smuggled in any Cuban guys.
Smuggling people in for fun and profit.
And the coast guard intercepts them and bottoming back they go.
And like I said, if it would have been six Haitians on that same boat yesterday,
nothing would have happened.
Even the Internet would interrupt the guiding light once, much less three times.
With Elliott Rodriguez embarrassing and just pathetic performance.
Elliott, you're working in the wrong country, sweetheart.
Here's a lady in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yes, ma'am.
I just love you.
I've loved you for years since KAT.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Now I want to say a few points about this Cuban fiasco.
Yes.
I have never in my life seen a whole bunch of cowards and showing their passion here,
instead of going back to Cuba and fighting in their homeland.
But they show their passion here because they know the American government,
Kater's extremely much to them.
And it just makes me sick.
Another point is I believe a lot of them are coming now also because in Guantanamo,
they picked up all the land mines.
So they're able to go into Guantanamo now without fear of being blown up by a landbine.
That might be another way of God forbid.
Okay.
One other thing, Nail.
Yes, ma'am.
During the Holocaust, 600 Jews tried to enter the port in Cuba.
Right, the same way of the other.
And they didn't allow them how ironic that America has taken millions and millions of Cubans.
And until our country.
Okay.
I have a great thing.
You have the same Louis U.S. turned them down.
Canada turned them down.
They went back to Europe and they went back to the concentration camps in the oven.
But hey, why can't you use anybody with the facts?
Because then we'll start getting the people comparing Castro to Hitler again,
which I don't have the energy for that.
I can't deal with that anymore.
It's just ludicrous.
Oh my God, they were playing softball in Havana.
And that was on MTV.
What are the young people going to think?
Yeah, maybe the young people get a brain.
Maybe the young people will realize that people are people.
Like I said the other day, and I, you know, maybe it sounds very corny.
I like nice people.
I don't like assholes.
I don't like people at block the streets.
I don't like people that are arrogant and rude and obnoxious.
I like nice people.
I'm not interested in finding out what their family tree is all about.
It doesn't make any difference.
And that's the biggest problem in the world.
Is that everybody's got all these labels.
That's why Northern Ireland are all killing each other.
Because it's the eye of the Protestant and the Catholic.
They have religious labels and ethnic labels.
It's all a bunch of crap anyway.
What differences does it make?
What kind of a family you were born into?
What country they were born in 100 years ago?
300 years ago?
Well, what differences does it make?
It's so basically simple for Christ's sakes, even the idiot can see it.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, a moron can see it.
But all the energy that's expended with, oh, like, you know, the Jews with Israel.
Oh, yeah.
And that's never going to be resolved.
It's never going to be resolved because you got, I hate people over there who hate each other.
But for just the reasons I just got through talking about it.
And for Christ's sakes they're all circumcised.
Why can't they get along?
Why can't they get along?
Boy, this is so old, and tired, and pathetic, and tragic, and they're added to get over there in Chrome.
And of course, there's nobody in, I mean, forget about leadership you've got a total vacuum now.
Because all you got are a bunch of pandering Hispanic, even the ones that aren't Cuban, Hispanic politicians in Dave County.
And the media led by the herald, who are just going to, you know, be cheerleaders.
They're getting the pom-poms out right now.
Hollywood, hello.
Hollywood.
Yes. This is just the tip of the ice part as far as all that stuff goes.
Is the minute they allowed those items?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
Well, basically by allowing those four actually to hold the Chrome, they're starting a whole thing up.
From here on out, all they know they've got to do is start yelling, screaming, walking highway, and then from here on out of town.
That's right. This is a message.
It's like they put up a billboard and say, anytime we do something you don't like, just get about 500 or 1000 of your neighbors out there, block all the streets and we'll cave in.
That's right.
Exactly.
And what the politicians saying, risking lives and that?
I don't hear any of them mentioning about ambulances, police vehicles, driving, and blocking the ambulance.
They jeopardize the lives potentially of anybody who lived in the areas near the MacArthur, near the off the Palmetto, which my god, how many miles does that thing run?
They jeopardize the lives of all the people who might have been injured, whatever might have had a heart attack, the paramedics, the ambulances.
They jeopardize the lives of thousands of people so they could all go out there and do their usual same repetitive bull crap.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
All right, please go praoward county.
Okay.
I don't hear anybody debating all of these things that's being said and you want to know why because it's not debatable.
It's a fact.
The fact.
Talk about selfish.
Talk about one dimensional and selfish.
Oh, we don't care about you.
We got our cause, man.
Then get a goddamn permit and have a goddamn demonstration.
Okay, that's been done many times in the past by a lot of groups, including Cuban and everybody else.
Get a permit and have a goddamn demonstration.
And don't go out there in the streets and block it, everybody else off because you feel like it.
Oh, this is our place.
You know something you can have it.
That's my opinion.
I got out of there 10 years ago.
You can have it.
There's nothing there I want.
Well, you can't hear today.
Okay.
That's good.
Oh, yes, I'll talk to you about it.
We just have to use you.
You've been around way too long.
Yes.
So goddamn rich you and me go son of a bitch.
This all we know you like.
Are you behind the strike?
Where were you in 63?
Did you tell Kennedy?
Where the hell are you?
Where the hell are you?
Where the hell are you?
Where the hell are you?
Where the hell are you?
Where the hell are you?
Destroyed the big planet, Vital & Grab.
You see brilliantly said emp Richard below.
God then, rich, you amnigoth son of a thiech.
This fall we know you like.
Are you behind the strike?
Where were you in 63?
Did you kill John Kennedy?
Where's the...
Where's the...
Where's the...
Get that now into your nation.
Are you in the administration?
You barely believed?
You can't believe it.
You can't believe it.
Come on, let it go.
You are safe.
You are safe.
Where's the mold of grass and pots of work?
All right.
Mocee!
Mocee!
Mocee!
Let it go!
11-03 at 5-60.
Everybody here, I'll say it for the 45,000 time too.
There's nobody that wants Castro out of there more than I do
because I'd love to call a bluff of all these people.
Not the 60 and 70, 80-year-old domino players.
I'm talking about these people including teenagers
and people in their 20s and 30s and 40s
who are out there with this aberrant,
the civil disobedience last night.
What if it came on the ear tomorrow?
All the Castro just croaked and they're going to have
democratic elections.
He's gone and Myrlansky's nephew was
in their building casinos right.
Then we'd find out, talk about Cod, your bluff,
who's in a hurry to get back there.
You think all these people that are out there marching
and waving their flags?
You think they're going back?
No.
I'd sure love to see it.
Well, I just love to see the opportunity to see just how fast
they'd be crowding the airports to hop on those planes.
I think you could roll bowling balls up and down the aisles
in those planes.
Sometimes you don't know when you have it when you're well off.
I see Goldstein once told me.
Sometimes you don't know when you're well off.
And I said, you know what?
You're right.
Here's a lady in sunrise.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
I'm predestined.
It's like why have laws?
This is just unbelievable.
I mean, I'm reading the Sunset Know and the police said
it was a sensitive issue and that the...
It was clear from the beginning that the protesters
were walking a bunch.
So I guess you should just let them stand there and watch how
that...
The thing that's the scariest to me, and I got the front page
again of the Sunset, the Venetian, which I didn't realize
is closed for construction.
The Venetian causeway.
So they had the Julia Tuttle block.
They had the MacArthur causeway block.
It says, only 71st Street, which, as you know, is a narrow street,
especially when it gets over the bridge on the beach,
was the only access route open to and from the beach.
Now, thank God we don't have any old people living on the beach.
Maybe only several thousand of them who could have needed
maybe intensive care or be rushed to a hospital or whatever.
Well, and nobody cared about that.
Okay, about the consequences.
It's only through a miracle that nobody croaked last night
because of what went on there.
But nobody gave it down about that.
It's unbelievable how the police just did buy and just watched them.
I mean, you know, it's like why even have police...
Why have anything in as far as the media is concerned?
Because because Dave County is being held hostage.
No, no, it's not a joke.
It's the truth.
I think you're absolutely right.
Dave County is being held hostage by a bunch of arrogant, hostile lunatics
who just are going to run it their way and nobody better get in their way.
That's it.
I never crossed the county line because I don't want to be in another country.
I don't blame you.
But as far as the media is concerned, I was watching the weather on Channel 7
and Bill Kamala was on.
And you know, he's talking about the rain and how the county's inundated with rain.
But he said it was really nice that they're not raining on the protesters in Hylia.
I'm like, is this real?
Wait a minute.
He was serious?
He actually said that in his weather forecast.
I said, you know, can...
I'm not raining on the protesters in Hylia.
They're walking the car metal and tying people up for four and five hours.
Yes, so we're happy that they're going to rain up.
That's definitely been the best thing that would have happened if it was going to start pouring like crazy.
Get those back to Dr. Streets, right?
Oh, no, lightning would have been great.
Right, if it was little Kristika, it would have made lightning strike a few times.
Well, take care of Nial and keep it up.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Oh, Bill Kamala.
Another weather lady with a sense of humor, huh?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Nial.
Yes, ma'am.
Good morning.
I didn't eat breakfast, because I know I couldn't hold it down after eating all this.
I'm totally disflash.
Oh, my God.
And thank you for some levity with the song.
Mass hysteria rules Miami.
Right.
Now, what if the National Guard had a plane?
You know, when the pests are eating the vegetables, they crushed us.
How about some yellow paint on these vegetables?
Just the heads of cops are selling 10 minutes to get out.
Okay, thank you, sweetheart.
Go eat some breakfast.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Hey, we don't want to take up too much of the Coast Guard's time, because they got intercept all that marriage.
We need all that wicked weed that's coming into town, baby.
That's right.
So let me ask you, what do you like better?
Pepper steak or pepper spray?
Eight minutes after 11 at 560 WQM.
They don't have pepper spray or pepper steak.
I don't believe that the pizza lot, but they got all those great Italian favorites.
And they give you a perfect duck, get off your duck, get off your duck.
From it, it's after 11 at 560 WQM.
So anyway, you know, I can't, there's so much in both papers that I wasn't able to absorb all of it this morning.
So I'm sitting here reading during the breaks, talking about Mayor penis with his clivering voice being on 670 on Spanish language radio and speaking to you guys.
He's describing, he's doing a play by play on the arractors in the Coast Guard and what's going on in the swimming toward the shore.
He says, they're singing the Cuban national anthem.
The people are outraged.
I hope to God they will not deport them, our brothers.
Now that's not an inflammatory mark.
Is it?
Huh?
Is that a little, our brothers?
This is a guy who's supposed to be the mayor of all of the aid county, the Cubans, the Argentinians, the Puerto Ricans, the blacks, the crackers, everybody else.
I hope they will to God, they will not deport them, our brothers.
Again, it's hopeless, like I said, why do I keep repeating the same thing over and over again?
Bade County belongs to the Cubans, everybody else, we moved out.
And if you're left there, good luck to you because you'll need it.
Only by a miracle, by a lack of coincidence that nobody died on the beach last night who needed the paramedic or an ambulance.
The beach where the, even with the people on South Beach, the median age there is still 110.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was last night in MacArthur Crossway, a processing.
Well, shame on you, sir.
Yeah?
Shame on you.
What's wrong with that now, Mr. Roger?
Walking off the streets.
Well, we got our pension, right?
Did you, I beg your pardon?
We got our pension, right?
Did you, did you, did you got our attention?
Did you have a permit to march to demonstrate?
Yeah, more than open to free costs.
No, sir, no, it's not a free country to go out there and block traffic.
It's a free country to drive on the roads, not a free country to go out and disrupt traffic.
If I go out on 441 right now outside here and I lay down on the street, they're going to throw my S and Jail.
It's not a free country to disrupt traffic.
Listen, we better learn the law, sir, of the U.S.
You better put down your Cuban flag.
You better get out of the, sir, listen to me.
You better get out of an American flag and kiss the ground.
You're hearing you have the freedoms here and not living in some but anable third world country.
I had the American flag and a Cuban flag both.
I don't see no American flags in this country.
And I was professing because the actions they've done, the goals, the Coast Guard did.
Well, let me ask you this question, sir.
What are those poor people that you tied up in the traffic?
What do they have to do with a Coast Guard?
Nothing.
Thank you.
Coast Guard pissed me off, so I'm going to come to your house and pee on your lawn.
The INS pissed me off.
I'm going to come to your house and take a dump on your doorstep.
You see what you're dealing with when you got nothing but raw emotion whipped up into a frenzy by politicians and lunatics in the media by irresponsible people in the media.
And by the way, NBC6 and all you other people, don't waste your time calling here.
We don't play that game anymore on this show.
I don't need to be on television anymore, okay?
I don't need the honor of being on some horse ball local goddamn TV newscast to give you some footage on here.
They can put on for five seconds and make me into some son of a bitch.
I don't need it.
Bunch of horse crap.
Every time in the same thing over and over again.
Oh my god.
Pandering and pandering and sucking around and sucking around.
And just don't have the guts to go on there and tell the truth or at least give both sides of a story.
Yeah, we finally did see a couple of poor people out there that were psychotic in their cars.
They've been stuck there for two and a half and four and five hours venting their anger.
Only a couple of them in the middle of all this other nonstop covered to this bull crap of this illegal so-called protest.
Civil disobedience is what it is, sir.
No, you don't have freedom to go out there and block people's road and jeopardize people's lives.
Those things are called roads.
If you want to demonstrate, go out there and buy the INS building on 79th of this game.
Demonstrate there.
And I'm in the street on the sidewalk in the parking lot.
Go ahead and demonstrate there.
It wouldn't be the first time.
It goes on all the time.
But don't disrupt the lives of all these other people.
They didn't do anything to you.
Maybe some of them, like I said, were even sympathetic with you before.
They're not now.
You're not that just some of them probably hate you like poison now, sir.
Because you're out there with a total lack of consideration or any kind of civility.
One dimensional driven by just one never ending strain.
And of course this town, the media, and led by the herald, of course, they're at the front of the parade.
Bangin' and bangin' and bangin' and bangin' and bangin' away with the same bullcrap day after day after day.
Get a frickin' life.
That's what I say.
Get a goddamn life.
If that's all you're living for for crying out loud, jump in the water with those other idiots that were jumping in the water and stay down.
Okay?
We'll put some lead weights on your shoes and judge them from this picture on the front of the Sun Sentinel.
Some of you could use some lead weights on your shoes.
Not a cone.
I think the one guy got mixed up there.
I think he was like two days late. He thought it was the gay pride parade.
There's only two days late.
Got his neon pantalone on. Let's sweet.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Hi. I have to be a white lawyer. I had a black client in my office this morning. We were discussing this.
What he said as a ring of truth.
If these were protestors in Liberty City or Overtown, they would have been busted up and broken up in ten minutes.
They're asked what all be in jail, the ones who wouldn't get out.
I tell you ten minutes, he says.
Right. And he's a former cop too.
Right. So, the client I'm talking about.
So, keep at it and that's it.
Thank you.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
On the 18-tier wireless line.
Viva Broward! Viva Punniche! Viva Stewart!
What is that? Martin County?
Stewart?
Whatever, whatever, whatever. We don't care.
Like I said, who, you know, as long as it's not dead, we like it.
Not too crazy about the Hillsboro.
And you people over there listening on a West Coast, by the way,
and for Myers and Naples and wherever you are,
kiss the ground, baby.
It may be old and maybe boring and maybe pretty stale,
but kiss the ground.
That you're not in dead County.
And like I said, the good people in dead County, and there are some.
Maybe someday you'll be lucky enough to move to the United States.
Maybe you'll get in the passport, though.
I'll tell you one thing.
If you live in South Florida and you don't have a passport,
wow, good luck to you. That's all I say.
I clinch mine constantly in the passport once in a while, too.
I'm squeezing it.
Here's South Miami. Hello?
Yes, sir.
Happy Fourth to Why?
And back to you. Happy 30th of Huniel.
Exactly. I was wondering if these Cubans will bring the Cuban flags
to the fire to display this weekend with the four-touch flag.
That would be cute. That would be...
Yeah, that would go for big.
I just want to say that nobody likes labels, but Nari ever wants to be called an American.
Dr. Bid, if you call something else, they come back with you saying,
we don't know I'm black, I'm Jewish, and this and that,
but if you can't use the right context, forget it.
No, but it's always got to be like African-American or Cuban-American,
or like I said, hyphenates to the point that even dead County now is hyphenated Miami-Dade County.
Everything and everybody in dead has got to be hyphenates.
Exactly. And another thing is,
and why do they give that ultra-professional Cuban Jose Ball-Soupil
a platform to spew this crap all the time?
Because that's the Cuban-F and Wayman.
I say we go black is driveway today,
but why don't we listen to Stinson's front-line?
Just take your golden retriever and do a dump on his own doorstep.
And have a great day.
Oh, God. Yeah, hundreds of people are standing on line up to eight hours
and all over South Florida to drive... to beat a driver's license deadline.
I wonder if these six guys got their driver's license yet.
Do you think so? Oh, yeah, they got it.
Visa, MasterCard, American Express, they got them.
Gold card, fighting them.
Good.
When I think of all, and believe me, I'm not...
I think that the doors of this country should have been closed a long time ago.
As long as we got any homeless people in this country,
as long as we got people living in stupidity and poverty and starvation,
there's no way that we can keep taking unlimited numbers of people in.
So I'm not making a case for the Haitians
because they come from horrendous poverty and very, very uneducated for the most part.
But...
But here are oppressed people living in far worse conditions
than the Cubans could ever possibly dream of.
Oh, I don't know. The Cuban so many good baseballs like we've seen.
No. No.
Put it in any rate.
And I think of all the different times we've seen,
you know, the boats intercepted and the Haitians turned back
and slept off the chrome and all the crap that goes on.
Nobody gives a crap about that.
And please don't tell me because they're black,
because there's so many of the Cubans that are coming who are also black,
but they're Cuban men.
They got a constituency here.
The Haitians don't have any constituency.
They got Ira Kursban, some, you know,
Port Shlupidaki lawyer there, and that's about it.
And how come we didn't let that Honduran kid stay here?
The one that walked the 6,000 miles allegedly to Honduras?
Oh, that's right. He's from Honduras.
We don't like them, do we?
They have a thing I've good bananas on.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Eva Neil Rogers.
See.
Neil God.
Exactly.
You touch on the point, you know,
the insignificant story other than the hype.
This town lives on hype.
Right.
And, you know, once again, the Cuban communities trying,
you know, they're isolating themselves, including themselves from society.
This is a way to get sympathy.
Let's block 800, just not thousands of people.
That's why people are here.
I like this guy who calls, who's got the hospital.
It's fine. I'll listen to all these protesters.
They wanted to tell me what they were doing there.
And I say to them, what did those people have to do with your grievance?
With what the coast, Gargah?
Nothing.
Oh, gee. How come he's not thinking about it now that I'm saying it here on the year the next day?
But he was out there all whipped up into a frenzy last night.
He was too emotional to think about the consequences of his average unacceptable civil disobedience.
Well, you've told him before, Neil.
Remember it was two, three months ago.
Nobody cared that there was the anniversary, that the planes went down.
Right.
Because they did the same thing.
They secluded themselves inside of you by blocking out society, and nobody's going to care about it.
Absolutely correct.
Great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You see, you really thought that was going to get on there, didn't you, asshole?
I thought that was going to get on here.
You're so clever. You know, some of you young guys out there, you must sit there and figure.
You got your Ouija board out, and you got your finger deep inside your...
Right, though.
You're figuring all these great things, and you know, if you say it fast enough, I don't get on.
Brilliant.
I think you're going to be deported, OK?
This guy, everybody in the audience is saying, he's an asshole.
Here's Pompano. Hello.
He is an asshole.
Yes, he is.
Neil, I'm just calling him out of here, so don't worry about it.
Yeah, I'm just calling him, you know, after seeing all this last night.
I'm disgusted to, you know, first of all, one of the things that really pissed me off with watching
a news clip with his Cubans wearing that boat and their spraying the Coast Guard facility with the water
and a big rooster tail, and everybody is cheering in this air.
It's such a disregard, disregard our disrespect for the Americans and the people that let them into this country.
For the law, for the law.
Exactly.
This guy's the only one who has been in the state.
You don't have freedom to break the law, especially when you're interfering with the police or Coast Guard or whoever it is.
You don't have freedom to do that.
I mean, I don't really agree on this.
I mean, I don't think the Coast Guard is using mace, but however they were doing a law enforcement action.
And like I'm swimming out there and the Coast Guard says, hey, get on the boat.
I'm going to get on the boat.
I mean, law enforcement agencies.
The thing is, these Cubans are just creating a rift with this whole thing because every time something like this happens,
they're out there to demonstrating or disrupting traffic, dismay area.
I think it's doing them good when actually it's going to be bad.
But they don't care.
No, you don't understand.
See, they don't care because they feel that they got to town by the balls, which they basically do.
And they got all the politicians who are pandering them and they got the media sucking their ass.
And so they don't care whether you're happy or unhappiness.
They're not interested.
Like the guy said before, well, you know, basically you're saying the other people had nothing to do with it.
But don't confuse him with that because he wanted to get attention.
So he doesn't care how many people he disrupts or how many lives he jeopardizes.
He don't care.
Yeah, that's true.
But I'll tell you what, you would figure that playing a conference saying, you know, like they all their lives
or they can't wait to get to America and get here.
And then all of a sudden, you know, it's Cuba, this and Cuba, that, you know, there's no respect for the rest of the Americans that open our doors to let them come in.
All right.
Not only no respect but no gratitude.
And no gratitude as well.
I mean, you know, come on.
That's why I told that guy he ought to be out there kissing the ground.
Exactly. That's exactly right.
And you know, the sad thing is that, you know, all of us that have the same, you know, view, we don't really do anything.
So, and then all of politicians and stuff, they, how would it put this in my lifetime, but it just seems they're all out there and riding the band racking.
And you know, as soon as something has some Cuba related story, here's Diaz-Balard and Layman and all the rest of them.
I just called her off and said, listen, how come you guys are so visible when something like this happens?
And then you're not visible for when, you know, other, you know, incidents happen.
You know, like, how am I, I'm having our time warning myself.
Yeah, I know what you're saying.
You know what I'm saying? I mean, you know, South Florida also had non-Hispanics, non-Cubans living here too.
And I said again, Mayor Penis, he's supposed to be the mayor of All of Dade County and he's talking about, I hope to guy they will not deport them, our brothers, like he's a professional ethnic again.
Just like Dan LaBasterd and the hero that we're writing about how it wasn't the Marlins that won the World Series a couple years ago.
It was the Cubans because we bought one again.
Yeah, yeah. Just enough to make you vomit.
Absolutely, absolutely. You know, this is our country. They're walking and being here if they want, but please respect the rest of us.
And follow the laws.
Well, hold your breath. Have a great thing.
Let me show you. And it's our country, the keys, and then you take out that part in the middle and brow it to the north.
That's our country. Whatever there is in the middle. Good luck to you. It's all yours.
5, 6, 7, 0, that's why we're real close to the Broward line here.
Real close. I mean, you could throw a rock from here to County Line Road. You could throw like a, whatever.
And then Mike, blow out.
The long, old, aged dog, Father Steve Boyd will be coming to get his sword.
Francis Ford Gavagole presents Godfather Ford, starring Leonardo DiCaprio.
Bob, maybe that's not such a good idea.
Look, we're talking about a crooked cop, the kind of cop that reads bookstores.
Yeah, well, you just make sure that guns behind the toilet. I don't want to walk in out of there with a stick in his hand.
But what if there's a glory hole?
I don't know. I come to see justice.
What am I doing? I was playing with my dad.
Okay.
These two young boys.
What?
They were a part and Chobba Towel in her mouth and chopped her legs off with a shovel.
I want them dead. Godfather, these two boys.
When I killed?
Yes.
Oh, two boys.
I'll take care of it. Don't worry.
Oh, you've rid of?
Ooh, they're having a party.
They're playing my favorite song.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Did you see the Titanic?
Did you know they had the UC's chains to pull me under the water?
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Yes, it's Leonardo de Caprio.
We don't know why.
Hey, you didn't get any worse than Eli Wallach.
Can I touch my toe?
Leonardo de Vinci or Leonardo de Caprio?
It's 11.32 at 5.50 WQA.
Good question, by the way, for tomorrow.
Here's a mobile in the sunny land. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah. I didn't know if you heard about it, but they were also getting ready to start downtown again by the ports.
But, I mean, now, early this morning when I took off.
But the Spanish language stations, including our good mayor panelists,
basically just short of saying that,
the thing that's wrong with Cuban everything else and everything that's wrong with what's going on with the raptors,
is the white establishment's fault.
The white establishment?
Yes, what color is Mayor Pinnis?
Is he a black yellow?
Well, it's all the Anglo-Spaul.
Uh-huh.
So it's basically, we're responsible, Neil.
Okay, everything that's going on.
Thanks for the good news. Thank you so much.
Why?
Yeah, why? Why is this still going on?
How? How could this still be going on?
And of course, like we said before, you know, you give somebody a little bit of rope, say,
okay, well, you made a big scene yesterday and we're going to give you what you want to just keep doing it.
Whatever you want, the luck keep doing it.
We'll keep vending over.
Just stick it in there.
Correct them.
Wow.
Yes, he made a scene and he's shown his two colors now.
He's only the mayor of the Cuban part of Dave County.
He's not the mayor for the rest of everybody else.
Just make sure you understand that.
In fact, where's the list of all the assholes that were rushing down there yesterday?
Send a paper here.
A long list of all of these great.
Oh, here we are.
Dave County Commissioner's Natasha Mian.
Miguel Diaz de la Portilla.
Bruno Barero.
Sweetwater Mayor Jose PPD.
As West Miami Mayor Rebecca Sosa.
Miami Commissioner Willie Gort.
State Representative Gustavo Barere from Miami Beach.
They were all there with bells on.
Go in.
Fanding the flames and whipping everybody up into a frenzy.
Because if somehow just like Mary Elephadale opens up the floodgates and wants everybody down there to come in here,
we're going to let them in.
Otherwise, you won't be able to just park your car.
Get a bicycle.
Here's coconut grove.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just have a couple comments.
I've been listening all morning.
I think your audience for their own emotional reasons is way over reacting to this.
Why is that?
Well, first of all, you got 1.2 million Cuban exiles in South Florida.
And I think about that.
Why do you keep using that word Cuban exiles?
What does that mean?
What do you want me to use to describe?
How about Cubans?
How about Cubans?
1.2 million Cubans.
Yeah.
800 of these, which is left to half a percentage point without protesting.
No, that's not correct.
That's the right thing.
No, that is not true.
There were about 1,000 on the MacArthur.
There were another several hundred, I think, 500 on the Adjudice Tunnel.
There were 900 in the Palmetto.
You can add all that up and it still won't even hit 1% of the Cuban population.
It doesn't make any difference.
It doesn't make any difference to what percentage it equates to.
The fact is that these are the visible people.
That these are living and breathing people in their 20s and 30s and some younger than that.
And well, what the hell is it all about?
And you know something if somebody would have died last night because the emergency vehicles couldn't get through.
It wouldn't have made any difference.
That's what percentage it was.
I hear your comments that this doesn't happen in other cities for insignificant protests.
Yeah.
But you know what?
Every time a football team for a city wins a national championship.
Yeah, that's right.
It's a lot.
It goes in cars.
So are we supposed to celebrate that?
We're not supposed to celebrate that.
You're making comments and your audience is making comments.
It only happens in Dave County.
It has no other identity.
I didn't say that.
I said it does happen in other places.
And usually for real reasons.
Usually for real reasons.
Yes.
Because because of drunken fans right in the streets after the team went to ballgame in Chicago or Milwaukee,
where the hell it is, nobody condones that.
But we're not living in those places.
We're living here.
Well, yeah.
But okay, you have some people calling up saying that it doesn't happen.
Sir, let me say it again.
We're living here.
I understand it.
And I live here.
I live here in the neighborhood.
And the fact that people behave in an aberrant, unacceptable way anyplace else doesn't mean that any person is right mind wants to live in the middle of that here.
Absolutely.
But it's not just a Cuban thing that happens here in Dave County and it doesn't happen anywhere in the US.
And you're getting collars that are overreacting.
Sir, we had it.
You know, within the...
We've had it.
This is the third time already this year that the guy with a little boat and the anniversary that planes being shot down.
Every time something happens that doesn't meet the Cuban communities demands or desires right away they're out there with...
I agree.
I agree.
So then what is your point?
What is your point?
Are we supposed to just sit down and sit back and let people roll over us?
No.
So anytime you're pissed off, we'll just sit back and let you do whatever you want.
I just think your audience is overreacting, not keeping things in its proper perspective.
I know.
The comments that Cubans should be shot, Cubans could be shot.
Well, wouldn't that anybody say Cubans should be shot?
I heard that.
That was because you want to hold.
I dumped that.
That didn't get on the ear, sir.
Okay, well got on the ear now.
It's really difficult.
No, it didn't get on the ear because you said it.
That's why it got on the ear, asshole.
It got on the ear now.
That was a punk being a wise ass.
Okay, thinking he could stick out on the ear to stir up a bunch of crap.
And your two stupid of understand that?
God, what a moron.
Here's Halondale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
That guy wasn't asshole that last caller, but I don't want to get off what I was saying.
He's an asshole.
I mean, the problem with it is there's 1.2 million Cubans.
It's 1.1 too many.
And what's going to happen is Neil, I love Broward County and I live in Broward County.
Long live Fidel Castro because the day he dies.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I want to talk to rational people, though.
Okay, not the people talking crap.
Are there any rational people left?
No.
No.
See Hoover out the moron, man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Jesus, you're a man.
Like you do, then you're a man.
I want to wish that I'm a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish that I'm a Merry Christmas.
1143 is 560 WQ.
Everybody just calm down.
Okay, you're going to calm down?
No.
No, okay.
I'm trying.
Here's for Waterdale.
Hello.
Is that me?
That sounds like you.
Yeah, I don't hear anybody making the point.
I think Castro is probably sitting back really proud of him right about now.
Yeah.
They're all behaving like little dippators.
Right.
Do you think?
Yes.
Just like he was sitting back laughing at us when he did the Mario Bolot left.
He was rubbing his hands together with his big cigar in his post, laughing up his storm,
made fools out of the whole country, and the people of course.
And this was the same thing.
Same thing on a much larger scale, of course.
And the politicians, including Governor Bob, that good Democrat, good cracker, governor Bob.
He was on there.
Oh, yeah, everybody get your boat, school on down there, governor Bob, what time?
The meet them on the shore.
The courageous freedom float tiller.
And the fact that we had 25,000 murderers and mental defectors and rapists and the worst scum
that Castro, like scraping the scum off the top of that chicken soup and refrigerator.
Don't be confused with us with that.
I mean, if that's the price that you have to pay and I thought thousands of people have to die and get uprooted from their homes as a result.
Tough crack, man.
Because this is our place now.
I would much rather read, I would more respect somebody like they got a call before
than Asshole that was protesting on the McCarthy last night, jeopardizing people's lives.
See, I hate to break the news to you.
Those things that you're standing on, they're called roads, they're called highways.
They're for cars and trucks and ambulances and police cars and bicycles.
And for people to get from point A to point B.
And sometimes for serious reasons.
I know that a little confusing to you with your banana boat mentality.
But I would be respected you more if you did just what a call and said,
we own this joint now.
You're out.
Because at least that's his real opinion.
That's the honest attitude.
I don't live in Dave County.
I work in Dave, but just barely overla...just like a toll over the line.
And I don't want to live in Dave County.
They could...if somebody gave me a half a million dollar condominion on a beach tomorrow,
I wouldn't go there.
I wouldn't live there.
I'd sell it.
Who the hell wants to live in the midst of this kind of chaos?
And of course, thank God that traffic down here is already such a picnic.
So that's not having a bunch of assholes laying down and blocking off the streets.
So that people who are stressed out normally just trying to get from point A to point B.
Don't have to put up with the average kind of crap they did for four and five hours last night.
Oh, you're a freedom of...what do you know about freedom you asshole?
What could you possibly know about freedom?
Absolutely, positively nothing.
What you want to do is impose the same kind of censorship and repression that Vitech
to gave you and capture was giving to the people there now.
That's what you want to do here.
You don't want to come here and be grateful and thank the God damn people and kiss the ground
and wave the American flag.
You want to come here and make your own little banana republic and Huchi Kuchi in front of everybody's face
on the God damn cause way.
And that's why people can't stand.
And people are puking their up-chucking over this crap because this why I think one time too many.
One time too many.
The year is just barely half over today.
Today is the halfway point of this year.
And this is how many?
This is what, 4500 times already this year we had to go through this crap?
6200 times?
57000 times already this year.
Not that I would ever exaggerate.
The poor bastards in Dade County have to put up with this kind of bull crap.
Just like that bull crap that tried to go to the arena the night they had to go to the soccer game there with Jamaica and Brazil.
That wasn't bad enough.
Wave in their flag.
You know, great.
I'm real happy for you.
You're from Brazil.
Great. You're from Jamaica.
By the way, you got some good stuff.
Well, if he's from Jamaica, he's got the good stuff.
You're from Brazil or just a bunch of drag queen.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Neil, thank you for bringing up this issue.
Bringing up this issue?
This is a public safety issue.
And I would like to invite the governor of our state to step in and do something.
Oh, yeah. Hold your breath, pal.
Hold your breath.
I won't go.
The government can't seem to do anything.
Governor of the state is too busy.
A customer is trying to clear his wife's bad name.
Okay. He don't have time to mess him up with stuff like this.
Invite the governor.
Another fascist pig.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wire.
What was that that the fat board just brought in again?
Something about the NHL and ESP or something like that.
Not now.
Let me ask you something.
Seriously.
Do you think today I'm going to be talking about, please?
Tell us.
What?
Why do I care that?
Why do I give it to Hank?
That'll give another chance to knock Hockey.
Okay.
Give it to him.
On a day when this is going on, you see what I'm saying about this place?
We've got some people.
All they know is the ball game mentality, the locker room mentality.
I don't care about the ratings of the God, the women's world cup.
I don't care about anything ever you do with sports today.
This is a little bit more important to me.
It has to do with your life.
Of course, some people, like fat board, they don't have a life.
We're doing quite well, okay today.
Without any of your ass systems, as in big fat ass systems, okay?
Fat boy, go out and sell some spots.
Man.
It's just, it's astonishing to me.
It's amazing to me that no matter what's going on here,
that they still, these nerds still have got the time of the day.
Well, you know, what do you think about the tree and tree?
Well, cover to the...
I mean, Jesus Christ, does it ever stop?
Does it ever, anything else ever penetrate your brain?
No.
No.
Maybe we can have 10 sports stations in this town in support of.
What do you think, huh?
Yeah, let's do it.
Here's a lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm just calling regarding a caller that mentioned that this was your land,
Peace land.
Well, I would like for him to know that this land belongs to the Indians.
He forgot that he arrived here just like everybody else from Amy Grant.
No, no, no, no, man.
Everybody else didn't come up on shore like that.
That's not how everybody else is.
No, I understand that, but somehow they got here, correct?
The man says to them, sure, came here legally.
Correct.
But they did get here from Amy Grant's, correct?
Uh-huh.
Okay, I believe that later, other people from other cultures have arrived,
just because they're not so much, they're not so blind,
and they don't have so many blue eyes.
Yeah.
They're just not appreciate.
How about the Haitians? They're not blind and they don't have blind eyes.
Oh, I understand.
That's precisely what I'm saying.
Yeah.
That's precisely because they're not like that.
Well, how come nobody makes a fuss when they get sent back?
Well, I don't know about them because that's another, some other people,
and I don't know about them.
What do you mean them?
What do you mean them?
What do you mean them?
What does that mean?
Okay, let me make my point across.
I'm listening.
Thank you.
But you didn't respond to my question, but you're obviously, I'll respond to you in a few minutes.
Anyhow, so now we have a problem because they see their Asians or blacks or Hispanics,
or something else other than blue, blonde, eyed.
Well, let me tell you, and everybody else this, about the Haitian,
you have to understand that he was taught to us to use it.
Now, sometime...
Who taught you that?
Americans, Anglos.
Anglos.
Yes, yes.
Precisely Anglos.
And where did it work?
Not black Americans, the Anglos did, because of the racism.
Why?
Yes, precisely.
You want to hear it?
Well, let me ask you something.
If there's so much racism here, what are you doing here?
No, precisely because I would like to change it.
If you're so, no, no, if you're so oppressed, what are you doing?
Why would you go to black people and everybody else?
Why would you go to black people and everybody else?
I would like to change it.
Look, people like you are not around.
People like me are not around for what?
Exactly.
For being prejudiced.
Yeah, I'm prejudiced against what?
I'm prejudiced against what?
Against dumb people?
No, sir.
Precisely.
You don't even know what degree I have.
Perhaps I have something to make you...
Yeah, something, ma'am.
I'll tell you what.
You don't know.
I'm not saying you've heard the degree from anybody.
I don't care if you've got 50 degrees.
You're still an asshole.
Okay, lady.
I don't know what degree you've got.
Okay, you're an idiot.
And what is any of what you're talking about?
What does any of it have to do with civil disobedience and disrupting the entire community?
Because we have a bunch of people who will make foreign policy and make the laws in this country.
They make them up as they go along.
What does that have to do with who came in on what but an abode?
And guess what?
The Chinese people and the Vietnamese people and all these other people,
the Russian people and the Polish people and everybody else's ancestors.
They didn't swim up on the shore.
Now Columbus, maybe he had an excuse.
He was working for the Queen, okay?
Give me a freaking break.
What about all those people who are waiting online now?
Not that they're knocking down the doors from a lot of those European countries because they got a pretty good.
In fact, I don't even want to go into it.
But how about the people from Ireland and the people from Denmark and the people from wherever they are.
All these countries all over the world who are waiting on lists to legally come in.
They have a quota for those people.
And they're waiting on a list for their opportunity.
Some of them have been waiting for years.
And they're waiting to legally enter the United States.
That's the way it works.
Not to swim up on the shore.
That's not the way it's supposed to work.
This whole business is swimming up in shore.
In fact, it's unfortunate that all people who try to swim up the shore aren't intercepted by the Coast Guard
way before they get close to land.
So we don't have to have these arguments like we did yesterday.
Oh, there are just a few hundred yards.
Can't you let them swim like Elliot Rodriguez in Channel 4?
You're an imbiciel Elliot.
You're an idiot.
You're embarrassing.
You're humiliating.
I'm embarrassed for you.
Your performance yesterday was despicable.
Well, I'm sorry, I say despicable.
It was despicable.
Underline one syllable there.
God, are you a jackass?
Oh, your ancestors came here.
They came in here legally, okay?
To Ellis Island.
Then all these comparisons, you know what?
What does that have to do with an excuse?
It's an excuse for our acceptable behavior.
There's no debate here.
There's nothing to debate.
You've got agreements you take into the right people.
You don't disrupt all the other people.
You show a little bit of gratefulness.
Unlike this bitch here that wants to impress me with.
You know how many degrees I got.
How about 98 degrees?
Okay, I'd rather look at them than you bitch.
Jeff and Nick, now you're talking about 98 degrees.
The hardest thing you'll ever see, sweetheart.
Anyway.
I'm gagging on it just to talk into some of these idiots.
I mean, this is like a throwback.
And, you know, there's no progress.
Here we are.
19 years after Mario.
Are we making any progress?
No.
Stay a little tired, crap.
You're beating us over the head with the same old song again.
You're down, you're down.
Kuba, you're tired of it.
We're sick of it.
It's coming out of our...
Let go.
Yeah.
Everybody pour our body.
If you're so whipped up into a friend of you,
but go on down here.
Okay, don't go out in the Everglades and shoot yourselves in the feet.
Get on a guy damn plane.
Go on down here, gagging.
You know, give him one of those bands to guards with a thing in it or something,
and then move on.
Then you'll get his brother in here and see what a...
You know, what a picnic he was.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to thank you for one thing.
That lady I called the thing as a Cuban Zilipah Jewish Bowdoin.
At least you were a man enough to say I also United States and Canada didn't.
I think you should be commended for that.
I mean, it's history.
Anybody knows that?
The St. Louis was turned back and all those people went back to Europe
and most of them, the overwhelming majority,
and wound up dying in a concentration camp.
Oh, but I think it's good that you do that because a lot of the media, especially Channel 7,
likes to put the Jews against the Cubans all the time.
Yeah.
And at least you don't fall into that.
Listen, I'm not any happier about the professional Jews who are always screaming about Israel
than the professional Cubans that are so whipped up about Cuba.
I don't give a rack to answer about Israel or Cuba.
How do you like that?
Not OK.
Hey, one thing.
I love Neil Diamond's song, coming to America.
And that was a Jew that wrote it.
All right, bye.
OK.
Yeah, that was...
That wrote it right.
What do you say coming in America?
Squirt, squirt.
He likes that.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I keep looking at that picture on the front page of the sunset and I keep thinking,
that it's gone.
I keep thinking that keeps coming to my mind over and over again.
Why don't I keep thinking that?
You know?
Maybe it's those neon pants.
Here's Mayani.
Hello?
Mayani?
When is this?
Hola.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Pronto.
Yeah, Mayani here?
Sounds like you.
Hello?
Let me say it one more time, sir.
You're on the air.
You want to speak your piece or should we move along to somebody that can do it?
Yeah, I was calling to make some comments about what Neil said about...
Well, you're talking to him.
You're talking to him.
This is me.
This is I.
OK, well, it's called you.
You're on it.
I was calling to say comments about what you said about the people in West Palm Beach
and neighbors, how they should kiss the ground as they walk on and kiss the ground where
they live.
Yeah.
They had counties of mess and the politicians and anything.
Right.
It's a bar.
This is so much that what are you doing here?
I don't live in Dave County, sir.
I live in Brown.
What are you doing working here?
You'll reap the benefits off your chest.
Thanks for your vulgarity, sir, and have a wonderful day.
He was right.
That's right.
It's making me a crap load of money.
But...
Let me just do that.
Yeah.
I've been buying too many dinners lately.
I'm a little bit short.
Well, the money, too.
It's $156.50 at 5.60 WQIM.
Speaking of spending money, if you're selling your home or you're looking to buy one, maybe
you want to move out of Dave County.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, man.
Oh, right.
I'm queer.
I'm queer.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
That's why I'm serving the people and so far.
I'm serving the people and so far.
I'm serving the people and so far.
Welcome.
I'm a man.
You know, it's just too much.
I'm a man.
This is your song, your powerful, and the Spanish.
I stop it for the dish.
I can't do what I can't do.
I found to do a dick charm.
I like to do where a drug.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
Even when I can't give you love, I can't give you love.
Like, I've fallen on the ground.
Yeah, Ricky's been it over. It's nothing new, I guess. Now, 12 or 3 at 5, 60, WQM, what
day is it? I'm losing track of everything here today. Wednesday, Hank will be a choula
of the day.
I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused
on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little
focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the track. I'm going to be a little bit
focused on the track. I'm thinking of building one on trying to build one that's amazing. How about this? What about this? What about this? What about this?
talking about old jay and old barren blades shot his cousin i know he didn't
mean to do it
with the gun
uh... that was me i'd be doing some time
i mean i know you can run fact and jump high so i forget it
five six seven oh five six day and we don't have to do rosin house making
excuses for you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile
one line
by the way we apologize for the uh... station yesterday
we had a phone that was screwed up for like two and a half hours and sitting
here pretending to do a radio show and regg read came in here this morning
about the about about about you but he was busy with bankers in the beasley
yesterday you know
how can a china we don't care about that great just give us some guy
that works in here okay
and by the way you notice he has brought in those pictures of him as a
younger person what he allegedly had to blonde here
because he has been able to talk to the photos of the make it believable yet
yeah he's got a nice family just wondering who the father is
here's hollywood hello
hollywood
yes sir
you know what's gonna keep the Haitians from doing what they did last night
yeah sky wanted to know the police
that's exactly right to get the club across the top of their head that's correct
that's right it's because there won't be any politicians on their carano
he's
no constituencies that's right what are we gonna do now that we know there's no
government in Miami that's gonna help stop this yeah okay
how do we protect ourselves protect ourselves from what maybe
how about me i said this about fifteen years ago how about building a wall
of today broir line
you know what
there's the Berlin wall right on the ground somewhere we could bring it
over here talking about the guy that built the a souvenir shop over there
maybe they got enough bricks left we can buy them up and build our own
date brow wall
listen and one more thing the guy wanted to know where the governor was yeah
well he's in the master bedroom trying on that laundry she's not getting
he looks good in it too
yeah okay thank you sir yeah
well hey why do you think they call him Bush
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the mobile one line don't start with that chocha crap today will you
please just give me one day really from here in that crap here where we go
next let's go to uh for waterdale hello
you yes sir yeah this is a long long time Venezuelan Julio
the latest wayland Julio Viva Venezuela
I tell you the caracas oh I know I tell you when you
when you
people with peppers and lost more tanias in Venezuela I know
Leo you have a really bad experience I was listening to you when that happened
I tell you to you in November this July the 22nd 1986
oh my god
everybody there is a conchita almost our anniversary sweet aren't
yeah country where's the other place
right a long long long time times I left up to you about five years ago
oh the man I want to express my support to you and maybe the only lonely
and spaniacal corny to support you well like I said well wait a minute like I
said before the Cubans oh you an apology because it's not a hispanic thing
not Venezuelan not Colombian not Puerto Rican not Argentinian not Mexican not
Honduran except for that one kid that got lost in the middle of it I think
but that was it you see what happened in Miami I used to listen day county until 1992
and you moved out okay you see I'm a racist Democrat
and I just say communist that you're a communist that I
if I have had a 25 cent every time I be called communist I want to use this
to take on you by the county yeah I know I think you get so frustrated
you know if you look you in Miami you have either cut or four breakfast
you have cut or four years you have cut or you can't up to your ear if you have cut or
so bad wouldn't they delimit I can't solve it if you have cut or company what about
let's put the internet and I waste like 50 million dollars to give you a cut
to I should if you have cut or woman we're around in six months but if you have cut or go
well well the one the mask can feel for spare and the other one's gonna do yeah maybe we can
bring back Jorge Mascanosa one mask time or you want to hear this uh
and closing yes because you're getting hysterical yes
get pushed call us now to Martha Florida in support of what happened he called who
Martha Florida one that right when a lady and the radio man be all right the
go in butchito yeah okay butchito that's what I call him son of butchito have a great day and he
goes okay oh yeah you should have left that clean that was a great drop okay sorry now you can
get it in there you can still stick it in there anyway it's time on its past
note at five sixty wqm in a town that refuses to learn that refuses to change refuses to grow
emotional cripples babies we're not getting that way me oh well you have something just stop
to think of all the people on vacation we're not got how lucky they are we're reading about
this in their newspapers in Vegas and wherever the hell they might be hanging out
USA today somewhere like maybe in the uh 15th page there might be a little berber button there
and there's somewhere else saying oh thank god that we're not down there now and right now thank
they don't have to be put up with this crap
or back radio wqm
there's a lot of odd and interesting fetishes out there men sometimes pay me just so they can
lick my feet men sometimes pay me just so they can lick my feet but unfortunately there's not a lot
of places where people can go to experience their fetishes firsthand which is why we finally created
America's most long-awaited theme park fetish land check out Batman and Flogan the attraction
to the SNM crowd yes Batman man I have another and the tower of flesr man I thought getting dressed
up in rubberwood and of course yellow splash mount fetish land no matter what you're into you can
get into it here all video cameras in the park are posted for security purposes only check out fetish
land tv coming soon 12 14 at 5 60 wqm how about a little piece huh I mean peace and quiet is what I'm
talking about that's what we need in this town is a little piece and at the legal everything's
illegal here unless the cops are getting it and by the way wasn't it convenient that all
the stuff got stirred up I think the police the reason that they didn't do anything and then
let's just all go on is because well it diverts attention from that whore ring down there and candle
and by the way guess who's quoted in here ambulance is why I'm able to cross the causeways
paramedics walk to the crowd but my meat police spokesman Al Boza said riot police would not
be dispatched right now the best decision is to enable them to demonstrate he said wow sure
takes a lot of the spotlight off that grotesque story about not only Miami Beach police that's a
priest guy but all these other cops that were horned for a 16 year old girl down in a candle and
banging and banging and banging and clanging and got to know how many of more like a square
square in on the coming attractions huh what a diversion huh a nice job here's a works like a
charm plantation hello hey is that you Neil that's me I'm sorry this disconnected they sorry
about my finger yes sir oh am I connected you're connected great your hooked up listen I'm a long
time listener first time caller when you're working with Jamaica it's easy to get hooked up
and I had to wait I was in that traffic yesterday oh no yeah I had to go to Miami Beach I was in there
for about an hour and a half now are you distressed uh you know I wasn't too distressed believe
or not you know I could tell you the truth kind of see the point and I actually have been listening
you you can see what point I could see the point they were making black and traffic what is that
well that they have the power is that the point that they have the power to block traffic
that they have the power period in Miami Dade yeah but anyway my point was the reason why I'm
telling you you sure got a model you must have some really good weed or you've got a better
temperament than the rest of us I'll tell you that if I don't have been there for an hour and a
half I would have been spitting blood you know caught listening to the show and the real reason I called
was hearing that you say to thousands of people could have died there on the causeway
no I didn't say don't put words in my mouth I said people could have died because of the fact
that they couldn't get the rescue leave ambulances and paramedics to them because they had but the only
all two causeways that are operating now both blocked down you know that but they have two hospitals
right there on the beach yeah they could have flown in because they don't need to be able to
suppose somebody would have gotten injured or somebody would have had a heart attack stuck in
the traffic jam on a junior tunnel or the macArthur how do they get into how do you get to
mount Sinai they play him in on a helicopter and where does the helicopter land in the water
right there on the freeway right there on the freeway where all the people though the track like
I'm somebody's hood on the hood of a car yeah I think I think okay thank you sir I'm going
you know something let's hear it there isn't God this guy was he was tied off a traffic for an hour
and a half all right this is great next time anybody out there is pissed off we're going to give
this guy's home address info number you can go to his job you can go to his house you can pee on
his lawn you can take a dump on his kids head whatever you want hey no but it doesn't bother him
he'll rationalize it away to anything yeah there was nobody in jeopardy what the hell
yeah get the get the helicopter out there can land right on the roof of view cars maybe you land
on somebody's flatbed right out there in a duet of trouble make the news on channel seven
over and over and over again I still keep thinking of that old old gris little cuban with the water
all of them you know something sir you are what is terribly wrong with this town you are I just
think of you and I think of everything that possibly could be wrong with this community you
represent it everything evil everything grotesque everything disgusting everything that the rest of
despise like poison but neither here's a lady mobile in Miami hello hey Neil yes man I have a
couple of questions go right ahead first and foremost um who would have been legally responsible
if God forbid somebody something happened to them medically and they died out there well what do
mean who would have been legally responsible nobody I mean crap happens that's uh you know no and
somebody would have had a guilt trip and nobody would have accepted it they just said too bad crap
happens nobody even though the mayor even though the mayor and everybody's running down there helping
along with it right then that's not just helping along with it they're the ones that whipped it up
in the first place right who is doing a play by play on a radio right another question
is there any document in case this is just so I can figure out the mentality of the other
things that are out there okay the cubans are always protesting because like you said things don't
go their way but things do go their way that's the sad part is that things 90% of the time they
do go their way and they're still pissed off there isn't there is any other group that gets the
special treatment that cubans get in as far as immigration is concerned right then you have the
incidents that happen with the African the the blacks that out in LA they had some riots out there
burn their houses down toward the places up yeah and then down here in Miami they did it with
the lasano trial because the white cop which was actually the spanish cop shot a black man yeah but
where did any of the americans are angry a lot of stuff he tried yeah when they go out their heads
of kids with with coke bottles yeah and then we have taxpayers and they say man this is an
aberrant behavior it's unacceptable I know there's no need to rehash history and bring back every
aberrant grotesque thing that happened okay and the fact is that when people take out their
angered vengeance like animals like sick animals on poor people who just happened to be in a wrong
place at the wrong time no civilized person will rationalize it away we'll try to justify it we'll
try to excuse it no person with a brain larger than a ball bearing we'll say well you know this
is just a way it goes if it's not the way it goes if you want to live in a civilized place
and of course when did date county ever fall in that category of being a civilized place especially
after 1980 here's Miami hello Miami
yes sir hey how you doing okay is it new yes sir sounds like me hey how you doing great listen
I'm Cuban American I was more here raised here and I agree with everything that you're saying
right okay I was totally upset with the demonstration that they do and I think it's blown out
of proportion you know what we need we need to somehow some way get the American population or
America's period to lift you goddamn embargo that would take care of all of the
also having to maintain what do you mean to lift the embargo that's the last thing that
your people want they don't want to the embargo lifted one hand they're blaming Clinton for the
uh the policy out there where with the coast guard but on the other hand if he ever tried to
lift the embargo they haven't ever sprayed that well you want to know something I think they should
they should I always say it really actually lift the cargo just like cannabis as your
bunch of crazy people what's wrong with you I agree I think so too and like I said I'm Cuban
but I'll tell you what if they take the dam and embargo every dam refuge whatever you want to
call them they'll send them right back just like Haitians just like all those people who try to
go through this company and then what do you think would happen here then what the hell with it
that we can deal with it then we can deal with it how do we deal with it we couldn't deal with
six guys that watched up on shore last night and you're talking about sending all of them back
unfortunately we can't deal with it because for the dam politicians we have no doubt they're all
cute while they they own the sir they own the county they have the lock stock and bureau they
don't take on they got me and I'm saying we because okay you said we don't give a crap is what he
said that would be in about a conversation thank you so much here this is America you can't say crap
you can still take one if it smells good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
mobile one line plus it was you know his intentions I guess were I don't know what they were it's just
ridiculous not gonna happen sir I mean if they made that much of a stink over and of course I
forgot all about the you know how did I forget about that speaking the administration about the
baseball games oh my god I think Orioles I think they're playing baseball but it was Cuban for
those come on these days come on these days okay that Leibon was pitching last night not
another Marlon lost oh Jesus God but anyway that's okay because now he's one of our illegal
aliens I mean he's one of Joe Cuba's he lay whoever the hell he belongs to like Dan LaBastard
said we won the series not the Marlins not the city of Miami not South Florida the Cubans we
won the World Series then you're an idiot man you're a LaBastard here's the seabring hello
hey no yes sir all right did that guy from Venezuela he said that the governor yeah okay sorry
my thanks Venezuela you know caracas caracas come on you can look caracas caracas good now you
gotta work on I'm sorry the guy he said that the governor called the Spanish radio station down
there right and it you know that was that was a good thing that they were doing that's what he said
oh my god some right wing scumbag her show I've been listening to you for a long time and I think
like that little thing you did at the diplomat mall yeah you should go down there and pass out the
you know I get on there and pass out if you ever check the diplomat it looks like most of the people
in the diplomat mall already passed out like about 50 years ago that's that little rest I think it
would be great okay all right thanks for good news you first five six seven and maybe we can get
Patrick grafted or come in five sees pretty ugly five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
the mobile one line and by the way you know that when I think if somebody was asking me yesterday
about good looking athletes I was thinking about this yesterday long and hard I mean the fact that
Chris ever got divorced from John Lloyd now maybe he dumped her you know who John Lloyd is
tennis player you don't want to know well that's a few years ago I mean Chris Avert I don't
know any of them know pasty and I know but I'm just saying the name I mean you even if you try to
avoid it you can't avoid the names I mean Chris Avert you know yeah I think you want to know her
believe me but I mean pasty not ever for even once she was young did she ever look good like
maybe in the crib she looked but I doubt it but she was married to a guy named John Lloyd who I
got news for her there are a few men or women in the world that would kick his ass out of the
shower but anyway Chris good luck you sweetheart because the looks aren't everything that's what I
always say but here's Miami hello Miami when is this pronto
oh up your ass with a piece of glass oh another got it 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
here's Miami hello yes sir how you doing okay is it sounds like me okay I like to make
make a real good thing to say yeah is that give me a good thing to say the cue was here
they did wrong yesterday I was totally wrong yeah I'm a black American yeah yes sir I think they
were out of line okay because the law is the law right and that's point blank and they shouldn't
deal with they did yesterday so by doing that on television yesterday proved to everybody in Miami
day that they could do what they want when they want right and how they want I think that was the
intent I mean so that's telling the rest of the people that live in Miami days that they could
up big but right and this day wrong so you know I don't understand it I'll see you in Broadway all right
okay not too soon though 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line just like I said everybody
this is the problem with the world I mean I'm the one to tell you because I'm the one who makes all
the comments and oh by the way somebody yesterday called a hanker was talking about somebody on
another show being the commissioner of common sense something about a heavy British accent and I
went to myself oh god I guess this guy doesn't know Rick how come Rick and Sides were out sick
today I was the channel surfing all over the dials to see what people were saying about this stuff
and wouldn't you know the Rick would call and sick out of day like this sick rhymes with
did he ask you to strip a neat out badly and if you want proof of that well let's take the next
call and he can tell us about it here's Miami hello hello Neil yes sir yeah I got I ended
up taping channel four they're talking about your show Elliott Rodriguez of course oh it's Elliott
Rodriguez huh you want to hear it I got it on tape no no no wait a minute and you're getting
calls now you're telling us that they're rebroadcasting portions of this show on a year yes which is
illegal would you like to hear sure okay here goes the country and have the right to be processed
in this country and not subject to the treatment we saw yesterday and it was the process that followed
shutting down the MacArthur cause way and later the tomato that was the us that you made through
on it was speaking right here today this is a part of the real Roger show this was such a minor
story and yet even then we had people blocking streets and they were talking about a massive
a block here off the street if they don't get their way I mean this is like a bunch of little
children on a sandbox if we don't get our way we're gonna rattle our spoon on the out damn high
chair and make all the noise until you finally came in and just to shut us off you got it that's
unbelievable you got it I got it thank you sir hey any prize huh any prize yeah the movie prize
you get a couple of boobies we'll send him right over all right buddy hey you're doing a great job
thanks you know I hate to break the news to you people a channel for I know you're irresponsible I know
you're desperate for ratings which you're not going to get any you got that silly hyena and they're
like you know Angela Ray and you got this Elliot Rodriguez who yesterday was hyperventilating I
thought he was going to pee all over himself while he was trying to give the instructions to the
poor coast guard guy who was just trying to enforce the law but now now the FCC you see this is
the thing about this this town I told you this isn't a place in America this is a banana republic we
don't have no FCC we don't have anything they're rebroadcasting stuff from the show did anybody
get here given permission no effect I even went out of my way to make a comment we're not playing
these games with the television stations anymore that they can come in here take stuff out of context
and put it on the air to portray this is whatever they want to portray it we didn't talk to anybody
from channel four channel six called and we said channel four didn't even bother calling us they
just decided they're going to go ahead and put it on the air against the law guys against FCC law
and I'm pissed off and fired up okay you people at channel four are lunatics they're taking
stuff off the radio and then rebroadcasting it on the year on their station whoever heard us
such a thing and and again as television is most famous for taking little snippets out of context
and put whatever what they want on there not that there was anything wrong with that but it will
defences to make in addition which I could have done a hell of a lot better than that
there were a lot better segments on insured later than that piece of theory just just unreal in
other words if you say it's like the thing with the with the woman if you say no you mean yes
and if you say yes you mean yes but even if you say no you mean yes
channel four the anti Cristo as the Pope says
I'll never watch channel four news again I already made my mind up on that yesterday if you
see me like Rodriguez you know where I'm going now I don't know where to go I won't watch six
any station at Tony cigarette cigarette always on I will not watch that news I mean but I'll
respect a little dog I will not watch Tony cigarette I mean and how could anybody take him
seriously oh silly goose pretend to be a news guy 10 I haven't watched 10 in years I mean you
know since Ann croaked in law and for like 20 years before she croaked I wouldn't watch channel
10 news so what do you got left you got channel seven well I start watching channel seven news
oh I might but I just wanted to admit it okay I'm not going to do it I might I won't admit it
and it's just that maybe some of the people on the other stations are going to start looking like
Rick Sanchez maybe they're just going to start squatting a lot so I'm not reading watch in channel seven
I'm just watching people squatting because when it comes to pandering they take a second seat in nobody
here's a mobile in the grove hello hello me oh yes sir yeah just a comment me I disagree with these
guys standing in a street block and traffic but there's a lot of Cubans in Miami okay millions
and these this was a group of two or three hundred people yeah no no very
you know the number keeps dwindling by the minute it wasn't two or three hundred people it was
a thousand people in one location it was nine hundred and another five hundred and one
other one there were about four or five different locations it was at least three thousand people
that that is still a very small percentage of well let's sir let me ask you this where the rest
of Miami's Cuban population to be talking about this today and say and apologize to all the people
that got stuck in traffic apologize to the community I've been on here for two and a half hours
this how many were there yes I'll tell you where they are most of them are at work or busy with
their lives because because most Cubans understand that you just can open the doors and let all the
immigrants that want to come here come here you know we understand that and I'll apologize to
you for all the trouble that they caused over there on the expressway okay but that's a small
percentage of people and the rest of us agree with what you say now I think but you got to
understand that when the mayor and all these other politicians and all the people in the media
are there whipping this up into a frenzy just like just like the piece they played on channel
for this was not a major story this was a very little teeny tiny story this wasn't a boatload
of a hundred people or something like that or twenty people drowned it see that I agree with you
on that you know I think what the problem was Neil that it got people all riled up to see them
out there with the hoses holding off because that's really that's the kind of thing that you do
to when a dog comes into your yard and you want to get them out you hose them down and make them
issue away right that the problem is that I think the mayor should have been hosed down yeah you know
they they should have gone out there and had a little more voice of reason rather than got people
all riled up the problem is this law about if you can make it to the shore you get the state
we think that's like that's like playing baseball if you steal second base you get to stay on second
right now they should change that whether you're caught on the water or on the beach you go back
you leave everybody everybody either goes back or you let everybody stay right not this in between
thing because this is going to happen again and well you know I mean I'm Cuban I'm embarrassed
about what happened but not all of us agree with that your inner apologies accepted that
appreciate okay thank you okay thank god he called okay there you go it's the best call we had
today and I agree with that I don't think that most of the Cubans in his town are like these idiots
that are out there but the frightening thing to me was if they would all been those old like that one
guy be back all by that old fart if they would all been like that I was like wow here we go they must
have broken up the dominoe game early night but they were not they were living and breathing people
there were teenagers and most of the people I would say were in their 20s 30s and 40s and what
in God's name enables them to have the time in fact if you look at a front page of the God then
sunsendless morning aside from that one that looks like he missed the gay pride parade by two days
except for him I mean he's like you know I don't get it and evidently they don't get it either
here's hi lia hello see I can look at that last guy so a lot better now I do well I'm probably
the last angle left in hialia and I get you to show the only place where someone can invent
but traveling home I find about 1 30 in the morning and being on the palm metal and having
having a big bend circumvented which is probably should have been a long time ago yeah but I got
to thinking here people that don't know the city are being asked to exit on a strange exit going
through my emulator like probably a proper place that they don't know right if I was going to keep
Kendall on of course the one good thing of hialia they've only got 17 different street names for
these streets that's good that's true you know and don't forget the Cuban names on the streets
right but how would anyone know how to reach into the palm metal there was no there were no
cops for the city saying here is here's how you get back the metro date cops that were up on
the palm metal block you know with the players they were on the retaining wall yuck in it I think
and this was you know good over time pay yeah so where does where does anyone get any assistance
in this city you know there were people that's wondering trying to figure out where to go I saw
people do you change the middle street they had no idea where they were going you know something
yeah I never thought about that but you know when you come into my international because I do it
all the time it very often because I live out in West Broward you'll come up the palm metal to get
to you know 75 can you imagine coming in as a tourist although actually this time of year who would
but if they were coming out of that airport and getting out of Palmetto north and head toward
what you think is going to be 75 and getting caught in the middle of that and it's blocked where
would you go right with you and nowhere to go exactly interesting today that now that they've given
a legal partition down a chrome to do their legal protest that's the word legal what what showed up
about 20 people know is that what it is yeah if you check the new that all but I don't know if you've
maybe maybe 50 people like do it illegally like it was yesterday yeah anyone mentioned where were
the permits for this protest there weren't any well where was there was not a protest it was civil
disobedience is what it was well okay let's think about that for a second don't you still how
I don't know how long you've been in the city but I'm in native the mind 23 years I'm in native
and I have given recollection of of blacks being hosed up against buildings in downtown right I
wanted to have similar demonstrations where the hoses yesterday except the one on the coast guard
right I mean I think they had the hoses I think all these people out there in the
block in highways they're the ones that gave us the hose job yeah they had the hose but they're
real small exactly okay have a great day oh my opinion it's 20 before 1 at 560 wqa and
picignito and we have a lot of open line in there we don't and the lines are smoking today of course
the fact of homeworks today helps to Greg I don't mention that in passing channel four you know
something you see they probably figured they'd do me a favor okay like I need some publicity
from them you know since our buddy retired which he did retire a John doodish bag
since he retired god bless him do we have any friends over there a channel for anybody we like no
I'm trying to think is there anybody a channel for all besides our good close personal friend
just a guy yeah that asshole what yeah oh that's thanks good buddy okay see Hank likes Joe
because Hank is you know so much better than Joe I mean Hank you can do better than that you know
you don't have to compete with a putz like that but at any rate well Hank just likes those people
with bubbling personality when it scores some parts
you know
Okay, 246 and 560 WQ and the Hank Goldberg show from Shula State to a two o'clock this afternoon.
That's in Dave County by the way, isn't it? Uh-oh.
And then we got Donnie baseball, talking baseball six o'clock.
Any interest at all? Donnie asked me ask the audience, did they care about that?
No.
They all said no. They all said.
And by the way, they were like, what, 1500 people at the beginning of the game last night.
And then at the end, which I did just see the very, very ass end.
The last out in the ninth inning.
There could have been about maybe 75 people in the park last night.
Nice going, John.
Henry, a little bit of rain, you know.
And then after the game, we got to Tom Jicke tonight for 8EK.
Tom Jicke is going to be on my good post personal friend, Tom Jicke.
That always finds an excuse to get my name and at Sunset and on TV week.
Nice going, Tom. We like Tom, but don't forget.
Get ready, stupid!
Here's a Pembroke Pine.
Hello?
Neil God.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Great.
Good. I work for the government agency that the Cuban is protesting against.
The post-art?
Yes, sir.
Last night was the largest display of ignorance I've ever witnessed in my entire life.
And I for one...
I guess you never saw a rap concert then.
I'm sorry.
I for one.
And I'm tired of doing the job that I am doing for these unappreciative people.
And I refuse to do it anymore if I could quit today, I would.
Yeah.
It's about all I have to say about this thing.
I'm so steam and I'm ready to move back to the United States to tell you the truth.
Yeah, well, you better get out of the day, County, man, because it's official.
Today's the day, June 30, 1999, dates to seeded from the U.S. and made it official.
Well, I think we should dig a five-mile ditch at Opatobi and put up that wall you're talking
about.
All right.
OK, we'll get to the bricks.
Thanks.
OK, see you.
Good luck.
You'll need it.
566-705-60, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
So, Channel 4 is taking bits and they're putting them on the air.
Isn't that interesting, huh?
Isn't that amazing?
Just arbitrarily.
Oh, well, here's what Neil said today and here's what someone so said today.
Just taking stuff off the radio and sticking it on the air.
I got news for you, OK?
Stick it up the way out.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
OK.
Well, it's the longest call to a foreign country.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
When is this?
Well, they got the phone put down.
That's good.
Well, like Sally just said.
Get it up the way out.
566-705-60, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
I'm going to get more important stuff going on, you know?
Here's Western.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
I want to tell you a demo for you.
I beg your pardon?
I know that.
I understand.
That's not the person who called.
I understand.
It's some little kid that kids are out of school.
Don't be putting your punky little kids on the phone, OK?
Because we will trace the call.
Said Luca Brofitti, your home, and he'll beat the snot out
of you and your kid and your pets.
566-705-60, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm just wondering why is it that their angular audience
calls and talks about Cubans only when
incidents such as this happen?
Why don't they call and talk about when they read in the herald
that Cubans on general have higher levels of education
and income?
Well, I don't think that's an old thing.
What if they call?
Sir, what is level of education?
Do we discuss level of education on this broad?
In fact, I have discussed the fact that on this show,
the Cubans do have a high level of education
most of the middle and upper class.
I have discussed that.
But that's not a topic we would talk about on this show.
You're just trying, all you're trying to do
is put up a guy named Smokescreen.
Smokescreen?
Yes, you are.
All you want to do is have a good attention
from a very ugly, unacceptable scene
that affected the lives of a lot of people.
Yes.
Absolutely right.
So, why are you trying to obfuscate it, sir?
Well, because the reaction is...
On a son, in other words, you admit you're trying to obfuscate it.
You said because...
Of course, somewhat.
Why?
Because the only time the people call up in your show
to talk about Cubans is when an incident negatively
about Cubans happens.
When we read articles about positive Cuban contributions,
nobody calls me.
That's what we're having there.
That's not the kind of program it is.
We don't see it or talking about,
well, what did so-and-so contribute to mankind?
This is a...
That's not the kind of show it is this.
And when you do something, what would have happened
to those four Cubans yesterday?
Because since your audience is so intrigued
about talking about two or three thousand crazy Cubans
who have an emotional, large and emotional stake here,
because those could have easily had been their brothers
or sisters or cousins who were struggling
to come to the US.
Sir, let me answer.
What would happen if...
What would happen if...
You know, something stopped the hearts and flowers.
If the Cuban people in Dave County were so concerned
about the welfare of their brothers and sisters
and so on and so forth,
they wouldn't be supporting the goddamn embargo
against Cuba right now, okay?
So, cut the crap.
Don't feed me a son of an aunt about how concerned they are
with the state of welfare of their...
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Get a shovel for that guy, okay?
Man, let's sell it by the palm.
We can get rich.
Starts out, you know.
Well, let's talk about the...
That reminds me of what Harvey Rubin was on my show
on WS News about a hundred years ago.
That was right after the Maria Boleth,
when we had dead bodies on every street corner.
When Dave County was turning into a toilet
and I posed the question to him about what are we gonna do
about all the shootings and about the rampant violence?
Oh, Neil, we'd like to focus on the good things
that are...
Yeah, that's what this guy is.
Anybody got any dogs that weren't lost today?
Let's put those on here.
Any kids that didn't get their knee scraped
as the movie theater, let's get their names on right away.
Just get out the shovel and when you're through
shoveling his crap that he was just giving us,
then take some dirt and cover up all this other business, okay?
The reason people are talking about this
is because everybody in the community,
including Hispanics who are not Cuban,
were pissed off about this,
and a lot of people were inconvenienced by it.
And many lives were jeopardized by it.
I don't know how many thousands of people live on the beach,
but nevertheless, a lot of their lives were jeopardized too.
But don't confuse this guy with the facts.
Let's talk about all the nice Cubans.
There's plenty of nice Cubans.
One just walked in the door right now,
okay, but he's got really strange sandals on today.
So what does that tell you?
Even he's just confused.
Here's a lady mobile in Kendall, hello.
Hi, Neil, how you doing?
Hi, I don't know after that, I'm good.
I'm glad you hung up on him.
What a jerk.
Let's talk about the Cubans.
It didn't steal any drugs, okay, great.
Let's talk about the Italians that aren't in the mafia.
What my question is, is well, first I have a comment.
I'm happy that these gentlemen
have been granted a silent here.
And I just hope they contribute to this community
in a good way and not become anything but.
Anything but what?
Anything but decent people that work hard and like.
I mean, you can't pass judgment.
We don't even know who the hell they are.
I'm not gonna get into that passing judgment.
Are they gonna be good people, bad people?
I don't know.
And another thing I had to say is when I had seen the footage,
I noticed a woman with a toddler blocking traffic.
What kind of woman puts her child's life
and risk for six gentlemen, she doesn't even know.
Some psychotic bitch.
You see, you're forgetting something.
It doesn't take any special talent to reproduce.
You're forgetting that, you know,
like the woman in popular beach
to have the 85 different kids, you know,
that just went to jail for a,
and the woman that killed the eight kids
that just yesterday walked away
because the well, she must have been mentally ill
that killed her eight babies.
Well, I certainly hope they fly the American flag
on the fourth of July.
I don't see it.
I'm looking on the, all these pictures
in both newspapers.
I don't see one American flag.
Now, maybe the newspapers want all their way
to make sure we don't see them.
Especially the hair law.
I see a flag from a communist country.
I don't see any American flags on here.
But you'll be happy to know George is wearing
this American flag on a shirt, the pocket today.
Well, we could go to eighth street
and protest on eighth street, the American people.
Okay, well, I'll see you in the slamer.
All right, thank you.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight,
pound five, six, eight, on a mobile one line.
I wish I would have heard that.
Of course, I don't listen to cash to no other
because I've already heard the material all before,
but nevertheless, he sends,
I'm looking case you missed the story.
He sent, I'm out there to Southwest Eight Street
in Little Havana with a bunch of people
to lie down in the middle of the street.
And along come the police and say,
if you don't get your ass up out of here,
we're gonna throw your ass in jail.
How do you like that?
Yeah, nope, you get a punny, we're gonna throw your ass
in jail, man.
Get out of here.
Here's the lady, mobile implantation, hello.
Nail.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you today?
I'm okay.
Good.
I don't know if you already touched on this subject
about to do a lot concerning the driver licenses.
Yeah.
Did you read that in the paper?
I'm thinking that yeah.
Oh, okay, well, I'm sorry, I turned it late.
I have to agree with everything that you said
and just keep up the good work.
And let's make sure, by the way,
these six guys that came insured yesterday,
let's get them their license
before all these other people waiting online.
You can't do it anymore, they have to have papers.
And their fees in MasterCard.
There you go.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Back to you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Yeah, how come you people aren't talking about
the good Cubans, about the good things that they do
and about the Italians who aren't members of the mob
and the Jews that didn't, you know,
weren't in with Meyer Lansky, et cetera and so on?
How come you're not talking about all of these things?
Is what this guy wants to know before?
Oh, man.
And he admits that he's trying to obfuscate.
I know you're embarrassed.
Why don't you just be a little more honest?
I'm embarrassed and humiliated.
He did say these people were assholes,
but instead of trying to cover it up,
just say these people are assholes.
They don't represent the way the rest of us think.
That would be refreshing.
We had one guy today in three hours who said that
and God bless him, okay?
Oh God.
Bless him on the air.
Wanna?
Yeah.
Oh yeah, we've got a lot of spineless people out there
who are off the air, telling Georgetown,
how embarrassed they are.
But of course, while I say spineless,
they just don't want a lot of bomb in the mailbox
or whatever, you know, they're a little bit nervous.
Which goes to show you that, yeah,
I don't wanna say that there's any pressure in this town
that it's kind of a banana boat,
10th world country.
See, not only is Dave County another country,
a foreign country with its own foreign policy,
but it's not even a good one.
It's a banana boat country.
That's the sad part.
Seven standings if you're renalized
and I have the rap concert.
Oh, I love it.
I love it.
I love Broadway in the springtime,
but anyway, it's 12.56.
Oh, don't you see what he has?
I have the moon's water day.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hours.
He's a special day here at Disney World.
When the screening days meet the rest of the girls
in the closet no more.
That's what Dave is for.
It's a day after all.
All right.
The day of fun when we wear red shirts
and when we all come here to the square
to get thick, go and tease with our manicure go-tees.
It's a day after all.
We'll be holding hands in adventure,
let them watch the lies.
The landally marching band will make
your wrist treat with a kiss on the cheek.
It's a day after all.
We can wear tight shorts, paint a gold one,
paint a wear mask, powder one like Italy's date.
We can bend the way as we transcend the shake.
It's a day after all.
And GF will have a liberty ball
hosted by a ripped pillar and root ball.
They're re-merving in a monkey rock,
not to mention people like us.
It's a day after all.
It's a day after all.
It's a day after all.
It's a day after all.
It's a day after all.
We want to accept the one of 560 WQM.
Here she is, the star of state screen and radio.
Terry Griffin.
How you doing?
I'm doing well.
I've been listening to you all day.
And of course, I listen to you all day
as I drive home from work too.
But I'm embarrassed myself.
I'm embarrassed by what has happened with, excuse me,
now, embarrassed by being part of the media,
no matter fact.
Because yesterday afternoon in my nap
super because I work early in the morning
and I've taken my nap and my husband says,
you need to watch this.
He wakes me up and I'm watching Channel 7.
He's been watching Channel 7.
And I said, oh, this is just a Channel 7 type of thing.
And I said, well, they're just trying to do their jobs,
the comscard.
And I just kind of slept it off.
And I went on, as I usually do, in my late afternoon
and early evening.
And I realized that the rest of the stations were on it as well.
I'm embarrassed by being part of the media.
It's scary for me because I really think that the media
started the whole darn thing by covering this.
And I...
Yeah, don't forget.
I mean, a lot of the playing has to go to the TV people
because they saw the, they were able to see the visual thing
which really was bad, adding salt to the wound,
so to speak.
But the fact that the mayor of the county
gets on Spanish language radio and is doing a play-by-play
of his own distorted impression of this.
And this hysterical, quavering voice is whipping the community
up into a frenzy.
I mean, that also helped a lot.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And I'm saying to my husband, I'm saying,
well, this is just the media starting this.
And then later on, we find out that all this stuff
is happening on the regard to Coswell.
And as you said earlier, would it be any different
if a group of patients did the same thing?
I don't see where that should change at all.
And we wouldn't have...
It's a non-story.
It wasn't a non-story yesterday.
I couldn't believe it was happening when it was happening.
I said, to my husband, I said, this is a non-story.
Why are they doing it?
When they get breaking into guiding light,
which I'm forced to watch, because I can't get my CBS
affiliate on the big vision anymore,
thanks to a CBS and Fox and the local channels
forced me to watch them.
I went to break into guiding light three times.
And the last two times it kept getting longer.
And last one was like for about five or six minutes.
And Elliot Rodriguez is playing like director of the Coast Guard.
I was just screaming at the set, like, what is wrong
with you people?
This isn't even a major story.
And then when I saw what happened last night with this,
with a fallout from it, what can you say?
I know.
I know what they're coming us to.
That's all I can say.
I'm clutching it and the passport too.
OK.
See you.
Terry Griffin, there you go from the old WI.
Oh.
D-Day.
Oh, God.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
Yeah, that's the most.
That's the last thing Terry said to us just before we left there.
I think she had a point.
56670560, 0560, 0560 on the 182-WRLS line.
I don't know.
I'm giving the numbers out of habit, because the phones
have been sibling to the after.
So yesterday, I'll look like I said it helps when the phone works.
Great.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to be the second law abiding
of American born in Cuba who want to apologize on the air
to the rest of the cities of the city
who were affected by the uncivilized disobedience
of my fellow Cubans yesterday.
Thank you, sir.
I'm embarrassed.
I'm ashamed.
And I also blame the authorities for not upholding the letter
of the law on all these demonstrators.
And I appreciate what the US Coast Guard has done
in helping others that have been caught in the same,
in the high seas, although yesterday
it didn't appear that they were doing the same thing.
But please, I beg of you not to allow the hate mongers who
want to call the show and paint all with the same brush.
And please don't allow them to go in the air
and paint is all with the same brush
because we're not all the same.
Of course, then, that's my point.
People are people.
And the more people want to wear labels
and be professional Cubans or Jews or blacks or whatever,
then the more divided we are, it's very sad.
So thank you, and I'm embarrassed.
OK, the apology accepted.
Bye-bye.
Thank you.
There you go, there's two hours and six minutes.
That's a good start.
Now, we need another half a million, we'll be OK.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And of course, the fact that there always
are these people out there, all they need is this.
Like somebody sends this signal.
You know, it's like a top-loving dog with the bell.
Also, we have to do his ring the little bell and right away,
OK, where do we start?
Where do we go and do a bunch of crap?
And of course, the Spanish language radio stations,
their experts said that they've been doing this crap for years.
They were the ones back during Maryl.
Oh yeah, go get your robots, go down to the, yeah.
Again, and see, this again goes back to the fact that we have
an FCC, if you speak English language on a radio, that's it.
That's all we have an FCC for in this country.
If you say crap, then you got big problems.
But you can go, yeah, Trocha, you've got real big,
well, it all depends on how big.
I guess down to candle, it must be real big by now.
But anyway, I mean, you know, if you're on there,
first of all, they must not have anybody
speak at a party that's listening to monitoring what they're saying.
They do the most outrageous, unacceptable
stuff that if we did, we'd probably lose our goddamn license.
But hey, it's a different ball game.
Oh, shouldn't have said ball game was, get the oils up set again.
Yeah, how quick they forget about all that business
without playing a baseball game.
You got to get over it, folks.
You can just pine your lives away.
Screaming, it's like, like I told you before,
like a dog going up, being at the moon.
The moon ain't going away, the delan ain't going away.
Nobody gives a crap about this.
If you want to help your friends and relatives down there,
get the embargo lifted.
Let's, you know, make life better for the people that are stuck there.
And that's the best we can do.
Oh, gee, you didn't say that, did you?
Yes.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Channel 4 below, OK?
Well, the big one, yeah.
And so does Channel 7 with a fat ass rick found jazz.
You know, who did a poll ask the, ask the, ask the audience
says, did the US Coast Guard did the right thing
by treating the rafters like that?
Yeah.
How come he doesn't do a poll on saying
that I do ride when I was drunk and run somebody over?
Now, by the way, you know, that guy is dead.
The guy that, he ran over to stay.
Yeah, he just died here a couple of years ago.
Well, I'll tell you what, he's still sitting
doing a goddamn news now.
I know.
Well, nobody said that.
Well, he's squatting on it though.
He's squatting, I think, on the body.
He's got squatters right at 7.
I'll tell you one, Neil.
You're absolutely right.
I mean, I'm just tired of this.
I do live in a day, Connie.
You know, I'm sorry.
I do, but hey, I have to put up with it.
And hopefully, I'll probably be living next year one day,
you know what I mean?
Well, maybe a couple of blocks down the street.
I'll probably get it.
OK.
I have a problem.
Neil, you're a man.
All right.
I mean, he can like move like, you know,
Southbrow for a start.
Then you can move up where we are.
And then maybe one day, if you're real lucky,
you move up there and win more when you get old enough
up by Pompano.
When you get real old.
Oi.
9 minutes after, or maybe cemetery villains would be good.
9 minutes after, why did 560?
By the way, we don't want to start any panic.
What we hear is a lot of sparsers move in the cemetery
villas.
Oh, hey.
Hey, listen, why did he not?
And like I said yesterday, how many
sparsers have to move out of North Miami Beach
before the Jews start coming back?
Oh, here we go.
How many Holyoes have to move out a little
of the enemy for the Indians?
Who's there before them?
It's a quest.
Like I said.
Can't beat that catering.
Squirt, Squirt.
You feel me that you love my eyes.
But I know that you keep on checking up my eyes.
Don't let you close, I'm very clear.
Check out my breath, they're poking out my foot.
I'm ready to use.
It come onto me.
I miss the things in my ears.
And I found the star.
But if you want to take me, you know.
The things about me don't think you know.
I'm on the way.
All right.
And I'm sure you should be scared of me.
Because you could go to jail and be a part of me.
I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
If I'm free, you'll end up friends with me.
She was 25, but she's just a thing.
Oh!
Perfectly, I've been my life for free.
Yeah.
That it called a conflict mind.
I've got the perfect to see.
Because I've had such a reason.
I'm on my cross, and you might be.
My bus is in front of my shoulder.
She's under it.
She's nothing.
She's a 25.
She should be scared of me.
Yeah.
She's a mental host and man.
The side of my heart.
The side of my heart.
She lives 25, but she's just a thing.
Once I think that 560 WQ, I mean, the Terry Griffin
was right on target.
The people in the media in this town can really take great pride in that
grotesque and embarrassing and humiliating unacceptable performance, both on television
and a Spanish language radio.
Yesterday, as usual, I was going to go on guys, whipping everybody up into a frenzy,
and disrupting the whole goddamn community.
Nice going.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Just going for Minneapolis.
And I'm glad to be back.
I got a catch up on all this Cuban stuff that's going on.
It must be pretty bad in Minneapolis if you're glad to be back here.
Yeah, well, they wouldn't be Jesse Ventura, remember?
Well, he's the best.
Jesse for president.
Jesse for president.
Anyway, I have to tell you all about Hogan then for vice president.
Anyway, I grew up 100%.
If these guys want to see their families do better, they care about their families and
their friends in Cuba.
The first thing they should want is to lift the embargo.
And that will definitely drive the Del Castro out.
Sir, I'm going to tell you something.
If they announced, if they felt president, they came on here at 3 o'clock this afternoon
on CNN.
And announced that they were going to lift the embargo on Cuba.
If you think we saw something here last night, this town would be, I can't even begin
to describe it.
It'd be like World War 10.
Oh, yeah.
It's just, you know, the Lincoln D.S.
Bullard and they brought, looking at the S. Bullard, right?
Oh, those guys, I mean, they represent more, they probably represent Cuba more than they
represent Florida.
Right.
Because they want them to go down there and set up their own banana boat government.
That's what I say.
Ilyana Gross-Latin and Lincoln D.S. Bullard, this Alex penis we got here at Dave County.
Let them all go down there and then Joe Carroyo can go down and he can take Xavier Suarez
with him and they can fix the elections and get rid of Castro.
Yeah.
No election and make it up.
One more thing, but the caller who called in fit there about the Cuban being more educated
and all of this, one thing, they still can't drive worth the crap.
Right.
Well, I don't want something you got in common with most of the rest of the people here.
That's why they fit in.
Oh!
Because they kind of drive worth a crap.
You look to your left, you look to your right, you see people driving like Eeks, they're
Cuban, they're black, they're white, they're old, they're young.
One thing about South Florida, 75% of the people get them off the road, okay?
Scrape that vehicle off the road and make the road safer the rest of us who can be driving
it.
Oh God, how can this possibly be going on again?
You just look at the mirror and you're looking yourself and you shake it in your head too.
How can this keep going on over and over?
It's like if you had a radio show, a music show and you had one record and you just get
playing the same record over and yeah, I mean, after the first 40,000 times it gets a little
bit stale.
People just, when it doubt you just get worn out.
I guess that's the idea.
Here's Volker, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
I just wanted to comment about this Cuban thing, why they feel that they should just come
in here, you know, and get political asylum, etc.
I came here from England five years ago and it cost me $200,000 to start with just to
get a visa to come in the country.
It's been very difficult for the regular white European's come in here.
Although, I've now realized it's crazy to do that anyway.
That's right.
I was just going to ask you that question.
Why would anybody from Western Europe want to move to this country?
Well, exactly.
It's the biggest regret I have ever did, but now it's cost us too much money.
Been here five years as I say, we still don't have our green card.
That's cost is another way it's grand with our rip off lawyer.
And my son became 21 this month and because we don't have our green card, I'm not told
he has to return to England, which he's totally crazy to me because we're all here.
Right.
So, you know, I'm just saying that it's just a crazy, crazy country and if you black
and coming on the boat, it's easier to get in rather than if you're white and you've got
some money.
Okay, good luck, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Okay.
Bye.
Tata.
Well, there you go.
Like she said, she made a bad mistake.
Anybody listening on the internet, all on the audio net, all over the world.
If you live in another country, if there is, unless it's a banana book country and even
then you really have to consider it, do not think about moving to the United States.
Oh, there he goes.
Not going to US again.
Well, you know, I'll tell you how great it is.
It's the best in the safest, the brightest.
And think we'll be doing the show from here today, not Schuylers.
And why is that?
We don't know.
Any special reason?
There's a problem with the one.
We don't know.
There's a problem with the one.
Dot, dot, dot.
There's a problem with the Schuylers people.
You're up to my level of information.
Oh, that's in Dave County over there at Schuylers.
See.
Oh, wow.
Now let's start examining what that problem might be.
Huh.
How interesting.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, Leo.
I'm going to go.
Speaking.
Yes.
I would just want to make a comment about what happened yesterday.
Yes.
What is the change that the Schuylers are doing all this stuff and other people getting
caught in the mix in between?
And also it's a change that the authorities, like the mayor of the city of Miami and the
Dave County, is to get into people to go over there and protest.
Over there, over the radio and then over there to change.
Yeah.
He certainly has to take part of the responsibility for creating this nightmare last night.
And the mayor of this county owes an apology to all the other people whose lives were disrupted
and whose lives were jeopardized, whose health and safety were jeopardized by a situation
that he helped to flagulate.
Well, I guess today I've nominated him the mayor of Cuba.
Right.
All right.
I'll be okay.
I'll be right there.
I'll be okay.
I'll be okay.
Yeah.
Well, his name is Mayor Pena, so maybe now we know why he's flagulating it.
56670560.5060 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know, one thing about this town, you can't complain about the leadership because there
isn't any.
There just isn't any.
I say Steve Clark, bring him back.
Take him out of the box, prop him up in a chair with a bottle and get him back there
for Mayor of Dave County.
Even a dead man is going to do a better job than this freaking piece of crap we got.
There's two face backstabbing, a phony baloney.
This wolf in sheep's clothing may or penis.
Yeah.
Piece of crap.
Just to the market on your calendar, July 29th, okay?
I don't even live in Dave County and I'm going to vote.
Just say, no.
To any more bull crap with the metro rail, July 29th, the Thursday, no less, when 95% of
the people would like you larger than a ball bearing our out of town here and they're
going to stick an election in there to try to pull another fast one and stick another
goddamn penny sales pack.
Just say to more goddamn taxes in Dave County for bull crap, for useless bull crap.
The roads suck, the education sucks, everything sucks.
The politicians suck, the elections are fixed, the goddamn town is bankrupt.
But oh, we're going to build more metro rail and more buses.
Yeah, we got Merritt Steerheim.
Yeah, we brought it back to the scene of the crime deceiving dude all over again.
Nice going here, Merritt.
You jackass.
Oh, by the way, Merritt, by the way, hey, to break the news to you.
Cuba missed the deadline on a junior Pan-Anne games.
Too bad about that.
They're going to Tampa, right?
Too bad about that that you were so psychotic pandering so badly, bending over so bad.
They had a team of car practice over there in City Hall to work on Merritt Steerheim.
He was genuinely flexing and back bending so much.
Oh, yeah.
If we have any Cuban athletes participating, we can't have those games.
You're good.
They'll pack you Goddamn.
Maybe a no-check because you ain't getting the games anyway, asshole.
Nobody's got the colonies to stand up to this goddamn mafia that we got running Dave County.
That's what it is.
It's a goddamn mafia that runs the county.
And the hero says, oh, yeah, well, you know, if we have Casino gambling, it brings in
the mafia.
I'd rather have that mafia than the one that we got because they're not doing anything
for us.
Any day of the week, even with Leo in there, which is really a concession coming from
me, he went at little Faggot, even with Leo in there as the young sony Corleone.
At least he did good for some laughs anyway.
Neither him or Frito.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
I'd much respect for you today and as always, what did I tell you?
You touched your kind of segway until where I was going.
If the city officials in the mayor had any balls, they would have arrested every man, woman,
and child.
Right.
Because they've seen children in the hands of mothers at 1130 and nights growing up in this
kind of an environment that's just great to look forward to.
Exactly.
To make a long story short, they should have arrested every one of them, charged them all
bail.
Do you have family that cooked clear up the bankruptcy in Miami?
Right.
But you know, you got people running this city that don't know what's going on.
I have people in this city running this town who are terrified and terrorized and who are
scared crapless because it's politically expedient to bend over backwards just like I said a minute
ago and to let these people do whatever the hell they want.
Not to mention bias.
Right.
And I look forward to seeing you on Channel 4 later on today because they've repeated
over and over and over.
Good for them.
Okay.
We'll just file the lawsuit over and over again.
I'm talking next time that they stick my ass on there, I'm going to call them and I'm
going to have a suit of ass.
They can't just take stuff off the ear and stick it on the ear without our permission.
That would be like my right now putting CNN on the ear.
So G8, CNN, plus on South Korea.
Oh, gee, did I do that?
You can't do that.
Put CNN on.
I have died this week in floods and landslides.
I do like to watch out.
He's getting pretty old.
I see him.
He needs a haircut.
Do you see him?
Looks like he just caught out of the sack for blue waters.
Well, I didn't know that Ted Turner.
He's a cheap prick.
He don't pay anybody.
He gives all the money to charity but the people that work for him, they get, you know,
squat.
Will you fudge back in?
No, when he's white.
No, you can feel his behavior.
Yes.
No, when he's white.
No, when he's white.
No, when he's white.
No, when he's white.
You fish a white one, baby.
Come on, come on.
He's a hunky.
Is this totally white, where the bulls?
And occasionally dread a bull.
And they got no bulls.
You pick the white one, baby.
Ha, ha.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know what it is, why?
You just got the face there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You've got the white one, baby.
Ha, ha.
You've got the white one.
Ha, ha.
It's completely untrustable.
Very untrustable and lovely, adorable.
You pick the white one, baby.
It's 130, 560.
There'll be a QM, happy year wins, big twins.
Another great day in the magic city.
Maybe the same old crap we're laughing stock at the world thanks to a small group of people
or just can't cut the crap and the politicians in the media that can't stop
pandering for these hysterical people go
at it.
I was going over over there.
I was going to get a fire and a little fire.
I was going to get a fire and a little fire.
You're at the air and not that.
Nothing changes, even the underwear.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you saw that Cuban who put a move on the police officer on the beach.
You saw that?
No.
You think about it?
You think about it?
You think about it?
You think about it?
You think about it?
You think about it?
All right, you saw that.
It makes you got the update today.
I want to do.
OK, see you.
Maybe either Drew Rosnowski or Joe Kubas, maybe they can get together and make a deal on
that.
You think, huh?
How do you think?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
I didn't see that.
You saw that?
Yeah, it was funny.
They showed it 500 times.
I ain't seen it.
He did a little fake out, a little fake to the left, and went to the right.
All right, cut up the minute.
Get him on there.
He ain't no Lawrence Phillips, though.
OK.
He's doing a Ripsnorton big job over there in Europe in the front of that World League
of American football in front of about 80 people of crowd.
80 crowd, 80 people of the game.
I'm in coherent.
I really am because I just can't handle it anymore.
I just can't stand it.
I can't believe that we keep going back.
It's like neurotic repetition.
This town never learns.
And they're all the same.
You know, it doesn't make any Xavier Suarez, Bertha Hernandez, Joe Carroyo, Alex Pina.
It's all the same person with a different name.
That Jack Asks, whose brother is on at the CBS Morning Show, Lincoln V.S.
Ballard, Lincoln V.S.
Ballard.
Here's Florida City.
Hello.
Florida City.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
It's incredible that without your permission, Channel 4, would play the audio part of your show
with the bigot of racial comments of such an asshole as yourself.
OK.
Thank you very much and have a great day.
And thanks for listening to the near-roger show on 560WQAM.
5607-0560, 0560 on the 18T wireless line.
Yeah, bigot of racist because I don't happen to be saying what you would like me to say.
I've listened to this crap for 23 years, sir.
And you know what?
Every time I hear it, I chuckle to myself because you're just another Jack Asks.
You know what?
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
Bigot of comments because I just don't think that we ought to have people out there acting
in abhorrent ways, blocking off the streets, carrying on like a bunch of lunatics in
heat, like the people of sand, mothers with little babies in their arms at 1130 and
night out there, like they're having a goddamn party in the streets.
This isn't the way that civilized people want to live, but excuse us for giving an honest
opinion that you don't happen to agree with, OK?
And by the way, maybe Channel 4 News did put it on a year because at least there's one
person in town that can put something on a year, giving an alternative point of view,
as opposed to the pandering that goes on in, essentially, 24 hours a day here.
And by the way, it's still ain't working.
They're all still watching Channel 20 Trace, OK?
So cut the crap.
You're wasting your time, just like the Harold.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
Hi, everyone.
When it's this great.
Listen, if you really look close to that clip from that news yesterday, you look in
the background.
Joe Cuba's this.
They're wearing a spedal and a briefcase in his hand.
I believe it, yeah.
And a doctor in Jersey.
Right.
Neil, I am very embarrassed.
I have 35 year old Cuban.
And I am utterly embarrassed, especially because of this portion of my family back
up as crap.
And it is really, really sad.
Really sad.
Maybe you could get like a group parade on the lobotomy for your family, you know?
Get out of their brain.
At least I had the pleasure this morning, firing two of my workers came in about three
hours late, just drilled in this morning.
And had the audacity to tell me they were late because they were out protesting that
thing on the palm metal.
All right.
Good for you.
God bless you, sir.
Hey, one more thing.
You're getting a sitting elevation from all of us here at QAM.
Yes, sir.
That's come back that has plenty of boats and his backyards already missed a really
lot of the world is $2,500 months of bill of gas.
You're running in about there, hacking a tank like you say.
Yeah, why don't you got to spend that gas money somewhere, you know, back and forth
and back.
Come back.
All right.
I mean, you have a good day.
Okay, keep it up.
There you go.
Some people came in late because they were out there.
You know, that was more important than going out there and doing little civil disobedience.
They came in and worked this morning.
He said, hey, audio.
Oh, paffangula, baby.
There you go.
Yeah, get a life.
Get with the real program and stop trying to disrupt the whole goddamn town.
Every time things don't just exactly go quite your way.
Okay.
You know, I can't think of any group of people who have had more give it than and who've been
asked me over and over and over and over again.
And like even little jelly though this morning when I'm driving into work this morning,
even he was perspricateous enough to understand.
And why should I say even he when he's the one that showed us the truth and the light in the way?
To understand what a horrendous precedent this sets that now it's like an invitation
like a green light, like shining a big green light.
Every time you're pissed off about anything, like if they want to play another goddamn baseball game with a Cuban
national team, just go out there and block the traffic.
Whatever you want will do it.
That's the message that you put it up on a goddamn billboard.
We're next to those stupid God billboards.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
I know I used to get a real upset the way everybody is about this.
I lived in South Florida since late 60s.
Yeah.
And I'm pretty clean in Hollywood with what my business is.
And I just said one day that's it enough.
And I drive an hour and a little over an hour, hour and 15 minutes to go.
I live up north Jupiter Palm Beach.
Right.
And you don't have this crap.
I don't even see it on TV.
I don't watch it.
And my blood pressure stays down.
I mean I got to drive.
But just to drive our west.
Right.
Take me an hour.
So I feel like I'm going to a resort every day when I go home.
And they can have this place.
They can have it.
I'm moving to Daytona.
I'm going to start commuting.
You can move me.
Yeah.
You know, I see somebody in South Miami.
So I'm between three counties.
And what that 100 mile difference is.
It's like a different world all together.
I thought going to another country.
It really is.
And what the anglos in Miami should do is take a ride and see what the rest of the don't be so stuck into your one little area.
Right.
And have the balls to go out and say, hey, I'm done with this.
They can have it.
And get out.
You're not going to get a fight losing battle.
You're not going to get a battle.
The battle is lost longer than you are.
You're done.
Got it.
You're a factor.
See in Jupiter or Saturn or Uranus.
23 before 2 at 5, 60 WQAM.
What?
J.K.
Call them a traitor.
You know, say he needs the programming.
And he's hopeless because this poor kid is a good guy.
But he just has been so indundated and so he is hopeless.
You know, with this professional Cuban craft, you must be a human being.
You must forget all his baloney.
Nobody cares.
Nobody with a brain cares about these things.
Okay.
Start worrying about the real world and the real life which has nothing to do with the del Castro.
Nothing to do with that pretty little piece of island down there.
Forget about it.
Nobody cares if they have a brain, if they have an IQ.
None of the other people who are here, whether they're from Poland or Ireland or Czechoslovakia or any of Africa.
Nobody here is making a big son of dance.
Unfortunately, we had the very sad realization that geographically we're so close to that little piece of turd floating around the Caribbean.
That we just can't get these people away from it.
I think, and I'm serious, I said this many years ago, that if a lot of people would have been repatriated to the quotas, the way up there, north and south the Cotas, there's a lot of air-red land up there.
There's a lot of wide open spaces, way far away from that little piece of turd that's floating around there in a Caribbean.
Then they could have gotten this out of their minds, they would have been far away from it.
They wouldn't have been listening to all that propaganda 24 hours a day on those stations going...
They could have understood what the real world was all about.
Instead of living in this little closet narrow, you know, like that.
22 before 2 at 5.60 WQAM.
Oh, just wears me out. When in doubt, it wears me out.
That's first time to know!
This is a channel for weather advisory.
With the flames, Brian Nordgraw.
When a storm's approaching, it's always a good idea to prepare yourself for the worst.
The deadly storm we have pictured here on Balfour radar with all these light-phone colors to show the intensity is approaching us like a giant sister of death.
I strongly recommend that you let us.
Ah!
It's the part that's quite the problem.
I can't help but...
I can't help but put it in the toilet.
I can't help but put it in the toilet.
I can't help but put it in the toilet.
I can't help but put it in the toilet.
Hey, no, one moment, please.
Oh, well, it looks like the storm's headed out to sea.
But there will be more, aren't they?
We'll see you again in the next 11.
Thanks, Brian.
I wanted to give you the real thing, anyhow.
Yeah, but not for me. I'll pass.
144 at 5.60 WQAM.
Let's do a coconut grove. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
OK.
About 36 years old, uh, uh, Q-win.
I've been here for, uh, 30 years and, uh, I feel so embarrassed of what happened.
I couldn't believe my eyes when I was, you know, when I was, what I was seeing.
I want to apologize for the rest of, uh, you know, the community for what I'm handful of crazy Q-ins did.
Because let me tell you something.
If it was me, uh, being stuck in a pomegranate, I don't know.
I think I would have gone post or something.
Exactly.
It's a miracle that they didn't have like a major, uh, things going on.
I cannot imagine myself being stuck in four hours in that highway for a handful of crazy stupid people doing their crazy thing.
Right.
You know, but you know what, Neil, I compare this Q-win problem with, with, with the Middle East.
It's never going to, it's, it's never going to end.
Right. It's always going to be a lot of time.
You've got to, it's as far as people screaming at the moon and they're going to go away.
We could live for a trillion years.
Right.
Those two problems are never going to go.
Right.
You know, but as far as the Q-win problem, like, you know, it's like, it's never going to change.
So I'm, hey, I apologize for the rest of our community.
Mucha Scross you.
All right, man.
There you go.
That's what you're forward.
We've had today and there's a lot more out there like that who are a little intimidated to call, but never less they feel the same way.
They're mortified.
They're, in fact, they're probably hiding under the table right now.
They're putting a sign on their forehead that says, oh, I'm not Cuban.
Like George, he's got the American flag on.
He's changed the name to George Montana.
Here's Del Rey, B-Chilla.
All right. Good afternoon, Neil.
How are you?
Let's not have a problem understanding this.
If they're so, you know, moved by what happened, why don't they do this in Cuba?
Aren't they revolt against Castro?
I don't understand.
I mean, can't they all, you might lose it to Lions, but if they try to overthrow this Afro running the country over there.
Yeah.
I mean, come on think about it.
If all you Cubans up there, if you really feel that bad about, you know, this is not what, what happened a few years ago?
Bill Clinton, who led in 25,000 Haitians, you went to the Miami arena or the pro player stadium, and automatically gave the citizenship to 25,000 Haitians who could even speak the language.
I live in Del Rey Beach. I drive home every day.
These people, on welfare, sitting under trees.
They do nothing for society.
Haitians on welfare, sitting under trees.
I'm not kidding.
Yeah.
I'm not kidding. And they park.
They're just, they're ignorant.
Making a lot of babies put in their depends out on the front line.
I mean, let's get it all in there. Come on.
Okay. All right. I can go on if you don't hang up on me.
You know, I have to live in the...
567-0560, POM-560, on the AT&D wireless line.
Let's get them all out of here.
Okay. Except the good Americans like me and Duff.
Anybody else here, real Americans?
No.
That's it. You're all gone. You're all off.
Well, we'll give him a special dispensation.
George, he can't go anywhere because he's like, he's got one of those limbo cards, you know?
On the refugee.
Yeah. He's a limbo refugee, no matter what he says he is, he ain't so he can't go anywhere.
So he's safe.
So the four of us and everybody else, you're out. That's it. You're all out.
Joe Castell, well, it's a heated time, but he's not, he's got the nose for it.
He's got that Sicilian nose. I'll tell you that.
He's okay. We need somebody to run the gambling operation.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
Firstly, tell them it's not that great up in Jupiter.
We don't want anybody moving up in Jupiter.
Now you're done.
I'll just say that.
See that over there?
The other guy meant well, but it was a very bad move on his part.
Yeah, I heard that.
However sucks.
Now we have a baseball park in Jupiter and the Jupiter Hander had to play there and I guarantee you
that more people in the stadium last night than they were in Joe Robbie.
No question.
If they had more than 12 people, then you had them beat.
And that's when the METS are in town.
It's when all the New Yorkers come out to root.
I want to know what the official attendance was last night.
Eight.
And if there's anybody under the table, it's got to be a John Henry.
Okay, pal.
I'll be checking himself for holding this thing.
Okay, we're going to do a chance at the end of the show.
Jupiter sucks.
Jupiter sucks.
Thanks a lot.
There you go.
Jupiter blows.
Stay the hell away.
Plantation acres.
Not good out there at all.
You would hate it out there.
It's getting real congested.
Believe me.
New people are thinking of moving.
Don't come anywhere near the acres.
We reached our limit already.
But let me tell you how long it was pretty good.
You love how long it was.
It's right over the county border so you can still say hi to your friend.
You can wait to him across that wall.
You know, you can throw notes across the wall when they put up the Big
brick wall earth to date, Broward Line.
Calendar will be great.
In fact, you'll do a public service because you'll knock that
emigraff it.
If you're under the edge of 100, you'll immediately knock that
emigraffing down by six years just by moving in.
Here's a mobile endpoint in V.
Tell us.
Hey, Leo.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I've been down here 40 years now, born in Colorado, Native American,
American Indian.
Oi!
Hey, how about that?
Hey, you know my father-in-law, your typical Archie Bunker guy up in
Chicago.
He's in Kira.
Yeah.
Yeah, but he's a Polish.
And I was talking to him one day and this was about five years ago.
Remember when all the Cubans and the Haitians were floating up on the tubes and
they were, okay.
And he was always raftingly.
Yeah, he was raftingly.
He's all upset about it and he's ranting and raving about how you know those people
all come in and there's Americans here without stuff.
Hey, he's right, you know.
And he said, well, you're lived down there.
What do you think?
We should have an immigration policy, don't you think, though?
And I said, I wish we had one 500 years ago, right?
And you wouldn't be here.
And you would most of the other.
There you go.
But anyway, yeah, I don't go to Miami unless I have my phone and my guns.
I can shoot my way out and call for help, you know.
Okay, pal.
Hey, we'll see it.
We're subsidizing a bingo.
That's why we keep plugging the Seminoleadians.
We're trying to pay back a little bit for what our ancestors did.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line, Hank Goldberg in the studio,
because it peed on our parade last night.
It shows our equipment got flooded and all wet and we sure wouldn't want to do that.
I mean, that would be bad.
It would only be the 85th time this year that Hank came on here and said,
is this thing working?
And usually it's not.
But that's a QAM for it because we've spare no expense, baby.
Greg Reed was in here yesterday with a banker and with a beastlies and say,
don't be frisked out of us.
Yeah.
Spare no expense to bring you the cheapest crap that money can buy.
And Greg feels real bad, by the way, that we had to do like almost three quarters of the show yesterday.
With a phone system that was on the efforts, but nevertheless.
Do we believe that he feels real bad?
No.
No.
But he sounded vers sincere about us in serious when he said, those are really my kids believe me.
I'll show you the pictures.
