This is Sport Radio 560 and QAM.
Sport Radio 560, WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for date and rarer, or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show to not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions,
or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Will you frudge back in?
I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
Coming to the WB this fall, a new kind of law.
A law where criminals are praised, not punished, introducing judge, iron, Mike Tyson.
Okay, okay. Or does it my courtrooms, please?
Okay, four things for you know, courtesanographer.
You're looking fine tonight.
You want to go to Hotel Room?
Or does, or does, okay, yo, yo, yo, first case.
It's the city of New York versus Alps, Suda.
Mr. Suda, how you please?
Oh, get the, with no explanation, darling.
Your honor?
I see.
Okay, you committed a crime of stealing.
And for what I see it, I don't see that being a crime at all.
Courtrooms, independent favor, all charges blocked.
Yes, judge Mike Tyson brings no law or order to WB this fall.
I'll tell you, countless, my head hooks, all cases dismissed.
Judge Mike Tyson, coming to the WB this fall.
I'm serious about this so, so serious, I took speech lessons.
Mill's lame's got nothing on me.
All right.
Okay, 10.0.2.5.60.
You know what I'm doing?
I'm happy Christmas, happy New Year, very birthday, whatever it is.
How can we say Merry Christmas and happy birthday?
Now, why don't we just say Merry Birthday and, huh?
So anyway, I got a product for you that is going to knock your...
BAM!
Off. Well, maybe that too.
Peter Leonard came in this morning and in between the hysterical jirations said,
Hey, Torji, how you doing, Torji?
I don't enjoy it.
And, Torji ain't even here today. It's still, but nevertheless,
Well, he's got it down to a waste time.
Torji, have a wonderful day. Torji, have a great show.
He brings me from our good friend, Alan, and Delights in West Voka.
Sugar free milk chocolate bars, Darro Lee, LEA.
With Splenda, with a great sweet and a splenda, which isn't like ass, pertain,
although speaking of ass, there's a big, big warning on these candy bars,
and they are delicious.
This is the best, and guess how many carbs?
And the whole thing, oh, zero.
Zero carb, we're going to...
Well, I'm 0.01 by like a tiny trace.
An infinitesimal trace.
How do you like that? And for a good size, too.
But, let me warn you right now, it says on the wrapper.
See, that one's not even saying a package.
It just kind of sneaks up on your bike.
Surprise, after about the sixth one.
It says, excess consumption may have a...
Laxative effect.
How do you like that, huh?
Wow.
See, that proves the unashadow without that there's no God,
because these taste real good.
They taste delicious, just like the real goddamn thing.
But if you eat too many...
You're going to be real busy.
How about that game last night's picking up that crap?
Pretty weak, pretty weak effort last night.
I thought by your panthers, we'll take the point.
Thank you, by the way, since Carolina Herkun's lost.
Let's look on the bright side of another one.
It's very, very dark picture.
Oh, certainly they've got now 10 points ahead of Carolina.
They got the big game coming up this weekend up there.
And if they win, it could be like 12 points up.
Two greatest teams in the world.
Toronto Maple Leafs are 10 points ahead.
Ottawa, Florida, panthers, 10 points ahead of the Herkun.
There you go.
I'm not the one who you want, but it was pretty disappointing.
That second goal that Mike's the Lankov led in there was pretty weak.
Little backhand right through the legs there, through the five hole.
Not too bad, Mike.
And Mike Wilson's...
There's something tonight for Mike's, I guess.
Mike Wilson had a really desperate game on defense last night.
But Pavel gave it his best shot.
He's always, he's always assimilating.
He's always worth the price of the mission.
And you know something, we had a pretty good crowd.
15,000 for a girls team like Atlanta.
That'd be this last time we played them up there.
And Titus here coming from behind 3-1 last night.
So I picked the final score yesterday as 7-1 panthers.
And when I got to be 3-1 by the end of the first period, I'm saying to myself,
alright, it looks like a real possibility here.
And by the way, the officiating, some of the worst in the history of the sport.
Lance Roberts, you're the guy named Antichrist, okay?
But, but even setting that aside, you just, you can't wind up blowing a 3-1 lead
against the girls team and standing around and watching the last two periods
and settling for a tie against the little league girls team.
But nevertheless, a pretty good time was had by all.
Everybody I talked to, there was one guy who said, well you know I do miss
some of the asshole callers by still listening every day and I love it.
Everybody I've spoken to, all 47,000 people I've talked to in last week have said,
we love getting rid of the callers.
How do you like that, huh?
I like it.
And today and tomorrow of course, being Christmas, what would you call this?
Because I don't even know what day it is anymore.
When you get to this, huh? Christmas Eve Eve?
You know, I'm telling you, our good friends out here from the construction folks,
I know they're working in feversly because they get ready to get out here for the holidays.
But I'm going to tell you, they're banging and clanging and it's getting a little bit
disconcerting already here.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't want to interfere because you see the tremendous progress we're making out here.
We got kind of like the shell of a receptionist desk out there and we got a little bit of
baseboard out there in a hallway, a little baseboard baby.
Woo!
I need duty, man.
The seven year QAM construction project continues.
And by the way, there are other people in this building who share my dismay and contempt
for the fact that during something as, as minimally listened to as Hurricane Basketball,
you of them, Hurricane Basketball.
Hurricane Basketball.
Which they lost by the way, thank goodness.
If they won, would there have been another game or was that the end of it?
We don't know, we don't care.
Thank God they lost.
Get it over with.
But that there were spots running, people had paid for the highly rated neo-rod to show
the old QAM bait and switch routine.
So you can say this again safely now because I have my checks in my pocket.
Thank you, Mariam.
Oh, that's the important thing when I come in here on the 10th and the 25th or whatever days are
very close to that is making sure you get the check in the pocket before 10 o'clock.
And then if you don't have your check by 10 o'clock, you just need to go,
mmm, like that, kill the check shows up.
Yeah, that's all you do.
Mmm, this little hum job until the check shows up.
Like going on strike.
And by the way, speaking of the phone list format, does the phone work today?
No.
No.
Joe came in bright and early sat down.
I told him about what happened with the phone being out yesterday.
I mean, completely out.
When it doubted, it's completely out here in this studio.
Is the phone out in the other room?
No.
No problems in there.
But in here, we seem to be having a certain problem with a phone system in here,
which of course was the crux, the crux of our major complaint of it.
The fact that this company can't provide a guide damn phone that works.
So yesterday, little louder guys, come on.
Yeah, I want to be here and see the guide damn.
I see them come through the wall is what I want to see.
They're banging so loud out here right around where I'm sitting.
It must just be a coincidence because you notice that we were in here an hour before the show
was there any banging going on like right around us before the show started?
No.
And now that I'm on the air because these guys are so far to me and such big fan,
they want to hear the show through the wall.
So they're just banging the hammers just on like a piece of plywood.
That's all.
They're not even doing any work.
They're just out here right out with their ear to the wall, banging and banging something.
Somebody out in the hallway.
So we got a real treat for it today by the way, when we finished with the Cecil story
and the Orlando Brown story and the Leroy Horde story.
There's so much good crap going on you know what?
I say let's end up all the jazz.
Because it's Christmas Eve, even tomorrow is Christmas Eve and so since I'm working both of these days,
I figured we'll do the what we do every year and play like a whole pile of crap.
Sounds real good.
Then it sounds great.
Get a little lunch in here later on.
See I don't like the fact that Peter brings me.
I mean this is all good stuff and I do appreciate that but I start getting full on that stuff.
And then Joe gets really pissed off because as sick as he is, he still wants lunch.
Yeah as sick as he still is.
With his god damn third period flew from Monday Night's game.
A lot of people I understand, a lot of Panther fans got very ill in that third period on Monday
as the Leaf stuck those four goals in there.
Nice going boy.
Nice going Nick Andrew Poff.
Nine minutes after 10 and five 60 WQAM.
Oh thank god I feel so much better now that I'm not hearing.
Jimmy and Brandon will grab him.
Now that I'm not hearing that.
Oh god.
And by the way you know Jimmy, we're speaking of several people in the building and I also had one thing about you.
Jimmy Johnson.
He's an asshole.
Isn't that amazing that they also had the exactly the same comment about Jimmy.
He's an asshole.
That's okay.
Hank will straighten that out at the two o'clock you'll be on from Cool City today.
Oh wow.
Roller.
Well where are we?
Can her killer be?
Why don't they arrest the Ramsey?
There's no way that these people should still be free.
I have to be done by someone in her family.
Yes.
Well it's been a few years.
It's been quite a while.
They haven't got no one to smile.
They have no leaves.
So they say if I was them I would ask okay.
No one was there except her family that night.
Something stinks there.
Something ain't just right.
Who are these cops?
I like to see on they from the police academy movies.
Yes.
Well where are we?
Can her killer be?
Why don't they arrest the Ramsey?
There's no way that these people should still be free.
I have to be done by someone in her family.
Oh my God not me.
He makes you and he hide me up.
Oh right.
When I was young with Amy and me.
I would kill my daddy.
I want her.
When I got stuck with me over that.
I wasn't there to meet me.
It's not a media mystery.
I'm a one to know.
He beats me and he beats me with the laughter now.
And that's my head and you know.
He's up here and owns the panel now.
But they're gonna let him go.
Oh my God not me.
He needs me to get it up.
So he's the one to do this.
You'll never hear him that many.
I got a Nazi.
I got a Nazi.
15 to 5.50 WQM.
Happy New Year Thursday.
God damn I can't figure out what L.D. is.
This is very disturbing.
Among the many other things this time.
The other thing that really bugs me is what the hell day is it?
Does anybody know?
Anyway, poor Cecil, huh?
Poor Cecil the diesel.
It looks like he's between a rock and a hard place.
He's like Joseph Heller would say if he were alive today to say it.
Is Joe Heller alive today?
No.
These guys are definitely coming through this back wall here.
Any second now.
Can you hear that in there?
They're just banging on it baby.
Pounding and banging.
They're trying to bang their way through here.
Maybe it's the brothers to the sisters to the rescue.
That's what it is.
And thank goodness by the way before we talk about Cecil the diesel and John off his rocker.
I'm beginning to notice a common thread between almost all the athletes nowadays,
except for, of course, the hockey players.
All the other ones, I think that they're crazy.
Maybe that's what Britney Spears was singing about that song.
Crazy.
She must have been singing about the goddamn.
Yeah.
Athletes.
And thank God we got John Rocker who's a big white guy to pick on as opposed to all these
parches.
So anyway, what was I just saying before I was talking about Cecil Combs that interrupted
myself?
Did I start to say?
You don't know which day it is.
No, not.
Oh boy, you are into the weather.
Athletes are crazy.
No, just before that.
Something tremendously important.
They're going to come through the wall.
Okay, like I said, whenever it comes back to me, gee, that's bad.
That's a bad sign of like Elfah's Hymers.
So Cecil will fight Louisiana Expedition is what it says here.
Nat Ashame, Cecil Loviesa, are you going to see him anymore?
No.
See, I hear it was just, I hear he was had a thing with her with what's his name and yeah.
What a joke.
All these apologists we got.
I don't know.
I mentioned any names in this radio station.
People immediately, like, see, it's one thing to rush to judgment in either direction.
But see, this tactic, this technique.
This is old as the hills.
In fact, a book that I highly recommended to you, which I'm sure nobody read because you probably
can't get it here.
Laura Robinson crossing the line, violence and sexual assault in Canada's national sport.
I talked about this months ago about all the rapists and the child molesters and all the
other crap that goes on in the world of hockey in the NHL and in junior hockey.
Well, at any rate, one of the things she talks about in here, and by the way, Rimmer and
Al Strachan and all the other people in denial in the hockey world don't want to read this
book.
You don't want to read it because you know it's true.
And it's a threat to your machismo.
How can Rimmer be worried about a threat to his machismo when he keeps talking about who's
you know, Pavell's got an inch and a half on Sergey and that's why Anna Cornelholla is
going out with him now instead of the other rich Russian hockey player.
Here's a guy that's like taking notes in the showers and he's worried about his machismo
and that image.
Who are you, kiddin' Rimmer?
And by the way, what do you think of your team last night?
They start.
Yeah, they were pretty weak.
But anyway, so in this book, she talks about the fact that this is the first line of
defense always is to accuse the woman, the bitch.
It's always she, the bitch, she's a slut, she's a whore, she's screwing everybody on
the team.
That's the oldest technique in the world.
Now, this particular blonde white woman who's involved in the situation, Tina Nolte,
does she claim that she knows him at all?
No.
No, she says that she saw him one time or maybe more than once in the, what was it in
the showers?
In the gymnasium in the complex where they live.
Yeah, in the showers.
And he tried to hit on her or something like that or tried to, um, muzzle up a little
bit to her, um, then she said no and told her husband, and he said, oh yeah, we know
who that's come back is, that Cecil Collins stayed away from him.
He's got a reputation for crap like that.
See if you're having, if you're having a relationship with some woman, I know all you
kids out there who are listening, take notes on this, if you're having a relationship
with some lady.
Even you bull bikes out there, if you have a relationship with a lady person, break
into their house 530 in the morning through their bedroom window.
And that'll be ready to rock and roll.
Doesn't have to wait at works.
Uh huh.
Yeah, in the world of sports.
In the mind of this compulsive repetitive would be rapist.
See, that's the only word you can use for it.
Because when a guy's already done this twice before in Louisiana, which is where they
wanted to be extra, they didn't, by the way, they said, see this article in the hero
that doesn't job with a one in the sun, or with what I saw in the news this morning.
They said he hasn't got a Chinaman's chance.
And by the way, he don't look like no Chinaman I've ever seen.
But they said he hasn't got a Chinaman's chance of beating this thing about the after this
in Louisiana because the thing that they signed is legal and kosher and that he's going.
However, right here in South Florida, assistant state attorney, Dan Luzzi, Luzzi, whatever
his name is, maybe he knows a ball's forward or whatever that guy's name was from yesterday.
But anyway, Dan Luzzi says, if we're up to us, we want to keep him here, adding that
a possible stalking charge is also a possibility.
See, here's the deal.
If he goes back to Louisiana, he faces up to four years in prison for parole violation.
But if he's tried here, he could face up to five to fifteen years on a burtable recharge.
Plus, maybe stalking charges on top of that what they haven't decided yet, but they're
still evaluating and considering.
How do you like that?
You think we're going to see him anymore?
No.
And all this bull crap, all of these people are going to cover this up.
Wow, he didn't, Jimmy, didn't take much of a risk.
You see, remember Karim Abdul-Javar, remember the long deported car?
See, it doesn't make any difference how much money they invested, how much money they paid him.
But when you bring in criminals to replace somebody else on the roster that you finally
get rid of, there's so many, so many spots on the roster.
You follow what I'm saying?
So no matter how much it costs you in dollars and cents in terms of somebody who isn't
going to be there to contribute for getting about the broken leg, but isn't going to be
the contributed cause of going to jail.
See, this is always the alibi for Jimmy.
While it wasn't really a big risk and it cost him all of it, every time he brings him
one of these myths and myths, whether it's the meatiest underwood or Cecil or any of
these clowns, it's just taking up another spot on the roster.
I mean, if he's gone, who's going to replace him?
They're going to bring Karim back?
No.
I don't think so.
I don't think he can't come back.
How about Big Bad Orlando Brown?
He ain't no running back, but nevertheless, he's going to have something to do while he's
been suspended, suspended from the NV, from the NF, whatever he's in, the NFL.
I can't wait for Bokeh Brian because he's on fire now, Bokeh Brian, after that stuff
we had yesterday.
We'll play that all today again, by the way.
Greg Reed Sox is number one with four bullets.
Yeah, everybody's in love with that.
As a matter of fact, we like it so much.
We don't have no basketball game today, but at noon, we're going to put on Greg Reed
washing the socks for two hours, which are probably going to hire rating the new and
basketball the last two days on this radio station.
No question about it.
So Big Bad Orlando Brown, who wanted to throw the referee down, he's suspended, indefinitely.
And all this bullcrap was supposed to be a sorry for him because, wow, he's got the
bad eyesight thing in a family and the referee hit him in the eye with the thing accidentally
and he was carried away by the emotion of the moment.
I think there would have been a good defense for OG too.
He was pissed off because she was a screwing around with other guys and she saw this good
looking young guy hanging out by the house and he got pissed off and fired up and slipped
both of their throats and that's, you know, he's pissed off.
The heat of the moment and the heat of passion, people do irrational things and that should
be the defense.
Am I right?
No.
No.
Anyway, here's another interesting story, which I just saw by accident here.
Remember the starboard, Lee Roy Horde, Horde, Horde, Horde was picked up on South
Beach.
Remember that?
Slow lab work.
This is almost comical.
And by the way, if you don't, if you want to buy somebody a good gift for the holidays,
it's not too late.
It's only the 2030 got too late.
Go out to your bookstore, go to borders or Barnes and Noble, go to your favorite bookstore
and buy a copy of that book, Pros and Cons.
The timing would be perfect.
They would be in heaven reading it right now and they'll say, oh, you know something
to know, all this makes sense.
All these scumbags, as long as you're not accused of gambling, professional sports, they
love you.
As long as you're not into the gambling thing or you shove the referee down on the ground
because he hits you in the eye with this thing.
Slow lab work resulted in drug charges being dropped against Minnesota Vikings running
back Lee Roy Horde who faces a disorderly condo charge, stemming from a problem outside
of my McBeach nightclub.
Don't you like that word from a problem?
Horde was arrested in November 20 after a scuffle with his girlfriend.
Miami Beach Police found in his possession cream colored pills with a marijuana leaf
printed on one side.
Oh no, that's pretty incriminating isn't it?
Oh, by the way, I brought in some great crap today that we're all smoking already because
there ain't nobody around, you know.
Is there anybody in management here today?
No, we're smoking some great crap today.
That's why Joe came in out of a sick bed.
And of course, they'll be ready for lunch extra good to come on in.
Anyway, it says Horde who's been plagued with knee problems all season said they were
pain killers.
For the case of proceed, prosecutors needed laboratory evidence that the pills were ecstasy
as police suspected or some other controlled substance.
The evidence had to be produced within 30 days and it wasn't at Griffith.
These data attorneys have administrative assistance said.
I only had a month to process it.
And for some strange reason, it didn't happen.
It was a little slow.
Just like a lot of you folks out there, it was a little slow.
It's a bad, that's real bad.
Like a lot of the people I used to call this show, a little slow.
By the way, thanks to my good close personal friend Eddie Kaplan, I knew he'd do it.
I knew Eddie would come through for us.
A nice fact check for center one this year.
Thank God for you, Eddie.
Good man.
Even with that compulsive gambling problem, he still ran to squeeze out a big fat one
and a check two for center one.
And by the way, we still have eight days to go.
Oh, that reminds me.
I got a very disturbing facts, which I have no idea if it's true or not.
All your spec stores all over South Florida and over there on Fort Myers have got the
best in the L 99, CDs and cassettes.
No more keychains, I'm sorry.
We can sold another two, three thousand of those, but we don't have them.
But if we're going to get anywhere near 100 grand for center one this year, you've got
these last eight days and please go in there and buy your CDs because after that were
a deep crap.
Anyway, here's Joey, an Italian listener, says, I went to buy your CD, expect to North
Miami at 163rd and the guy behind the counter says to me, why do you want to buy that
Jirks CD?
Yeah, it sounds like the things we had at borders last year.
I said because I liked any of Roger Schell.
And I also said because this is America and I do say you're going to buy anything I want
to told him he's the jerk.
How do you like that?
So we got somebody working at 150th Street Specs over there who evidently if this is true
and I have no doubt that it is because there's a fairly articulate facts, doesn't like
any of Roger Schell and says I'm a jerk.
How do you like that?
Well, you know what I say?
He's an asshole.
Yeah, not that I want to start getting him a name calling thing, but he's an asshole.
Always going to have, I mean, when's the last time you walked into an establishment and
bought a book or bought a CD or something, took into the counter and he looked and said,
you know, like, yeah, what do you want that for?
26 after 10 at 560 WQAMs.
This is the Neil Roger Schell.
This is your blame.
Any questions?
The Neil Roger Schell will not be on today.
Instead, run a gambler sport whole radio, 560 WQAM, in its continuing effort to cater to
all three of you slag job lifeless automatons.
His crowds of presents, Gregory, who are washing his socks.
I love these socks.
My wife got me these socks.
My favorite kind, you know, dark brown with the gold diamonds down each side of the ankle.
I'm going to get that one a good scrub.
Down by the, my wife fixed the hole because I didn't trim my toenails that way.
I'm going to start on the other one.
What is it, though?
What's up?
What's up?
We have no numbers.
Why did you take your life?
You didn't even snap the hatch you saw.
That'd be a good little pet director and go back to your office.
Okay.
Why, there's nothing to worry about.
Maybe clear channel will buy us.
But I doubt it.
Okay, 1031 at 560 WQAM.
By the way, I'm starting to realize what a great intellectual show that morning show of ours
has been to learn a lot the last year or four minutes on air.
The guy with a real heavy buzzing sound on the phone.
He was giving us the inside buzz.
Maybe that was the way he had the sound effects.
About how order was a lot of added security there at the dolphin game.
And then Kelly chips in with, he chimes in with some very informative information about,
oh yeah, they're saying, yeah, you better watch yourself because there's terrorist threats around these holidays.
And you better be a little extra careful.
I hadn't heard that of you.
No.
That's the first time I heard about anybody hear that.
Yeah, the guy in the guy on the phone, the great caller, proving what I say about callers,
being a real intellectual that he is, didn't even say Jimmy and Danny.
He says, oh yeah.
He said, you know, and you think it's tight now.
He just wait until the next home game.
It's going to be extra tight because, you know, any gathering,
there's going to be a lot of people, the award is that they're going to be really watching out heavy duty.
So we're really on top of things.
Unlike the usual Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny,
and boring repetitive monotonous crap that you're in the morning show.
Now we're starting to branch out a little bit.
Thank God for that.
Hey, cool on there boys.
Getting some very useful information out to the troops there out there in radio land,
so that they don't go running around during the holidays.
I got a solution for you.
You want to have a good reason to stay at home during the holidays?
Get a bunch of these candy bars, baby, from Delights.
Sugar-free milk chocolate, dareily.
They're delicious. They have Splenda.
And I'll tell you, one or two of these candy bars during the holidays I guarantee you will never ever.
Leave the house.
It'll make you sh-
Wow. You'll stay real close to the porcelain bus.
Huh? Good idea.
Just load up on these.
And then the whole family can stay real close to home.
Although there might be kind of a line at the magic room, but nevertheless.
There's a beautiful picture. What paper was this in?
See how I can't owe the herald.
You know how I can tell the herald?
Because it's got this insipid people-well thing on the other side.
Moon glows over ancient Rome.
This is a fantastic picture.
It's just on the inside like page, whatever, at 4 or 2 or whatever.
Rising over the ruins of ancient Roman forum, the moon is viewed between the columns of the temple of Saturn left and the temple of Vespisian.
The moon appears larger and brighter than usual because Wednesday with the winter solstice or the first day of winter when the moon is closest to the earth.
The poet in me loves it to the star, astronomer, Sten, old and walled at the Goddard space-light center of Maryland.
But it's not particularly where it happened to be five to seven years.
Look at that. Take a look at that picture.
And of course, Yolkha Stelal being the good Italian poet that he is would love to be there in Rome to see the ruins of the ancient Roman forum and the Colosseum and the Oedding Cake and the Atrevi fountain.
And all those other amazing and beautiful things over there in a real city with real living and breathing people and real Italian, not a bunch of illiterate guitos.
Like from New York.
Well, that's a great picture.
I just mentioned that in passing.
So you might take a look at it and you'll say, you know, maybe Neel's got a point there as opposed to, screw you, Neel, screw you, why did you just leave now?
Yeah, excuse me for saying that there are other places in the world that are really pretty neat.
Excuse me for saying that.
Even though I do know that for a fact, excuse me for saying that because we have a lot of very childish people here who are very emotional, very over-high-strong.
I guess is the word I'm looking for.
Speaking of high strung, here's some great letters to the editor in the papers today.
Did I mention that the poor Orlando Brown, I did mention it today.
Poor Orlando Brown keep knocking a referee down, baby. He's going down.
And I did talk about the John Rocker thing.
I think if you look at the audio vault by the way, under a rocker, I don't know what they got it under in there.
Tommy offered very generously yesterday for me to play that.
And I said, because that wasn't really aware of the implication of the story at that point.
Because I certainly was listening that morning show yesterday.
No. No. And he said, well, he's a bad-noth in New York again. I thought, well, that's no big deal.
I didn't realize he was bad-noth in everybody. Is it in there?
Okay, well, wait a second. Well, now let's do it now.
The biggest thing I don't like about New York are the foreigners.
You can walk an entire block in Times Square and not hear anybody speaking English.
Asians and Koreans and Vietnamese and Indians and Russians and Spanish people.
Everything is up there.
How the hell did they get in?
But that's not him. No, no, no. And Quok, get that.
Get it. Say that. Leave it to the guys.
Oh, the sportsman. I thought it was him speaking.
I can read the same guy's thing and do it much more articulately and intelligently than some bozo from ESPNN.
That's what that is.
Oh, you guys on the sports shows on this station, man. Wow. The aroma is still there.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that, I'm at the Macarena last night.
I go on in between periods to go take a leak or maybe it was before just before the end of one of the periods to go take a leak.
And if you're smart, that's when you do it.
When there's a commercial break and the old pink light comes on there, which means you've got two minutes to go run and take a leak.
And there's some guy out there like standing there in a hallway.
And all of a sudden he like, I see moves kind of away.
Not that he had some of version of me. He wasn't me looking at me.
And then I smelt it. You know what I'm saying?
No, in other words, he left it there and then he kind of like walked away.
But since he was the only one in the vicinity, I know you did it, sir.
You're not full of me. I thought it was you.
Okay. In fact, I can recognize him. I'm going to point you out in the next game.
Oh, God. Have you ever done that?
See, in fact, let's be honest about it.
What do you like in the supermarket?
And accidentally cut some cheese.
And what you do is you try to like move a little bit away from it and then get close to where there's a bunch of people so that anybody who catches the drift of it thinks,
well, it could be any of them. We really can't be sure.
I think it was him, but I can't be positive because all of it is all these other people.
I'm not really sure, but the fact that he ran at the last five yards like a bat out of hell to get away from it, I'm pretty sure I might have been him.
Like this guy that just left this cloud out there in a hallway at the Macarena last night.
Wasn't that enough that we had a cloud inside? It was where number eight on this uniform.
Boy, can anybody tell me what he contributes to this thing?
No. I mean, he makes it a little more colorful. I'll grant you that.
And I look at it as totally a billion times and I really mean this.
Mike Greer, there's a talented black hockey player, a famous anus, Anson Carter on the Bruins grandfuer.
There's a lot of good hockey and black hockey players, you know, several, a few.
He's not one of them. He contributes nothing.
Zero. And I frog that dumb frog that he's pot-bank keeps going on here.
Oh, I'm just amazed at how well I improved the years and I've just shocked that he's so much better.
I feel really, really great.
Yeah, and you should after keep saying all those stupid things you're always saying.
And so do the viewers, too, by the way. Feel exactly the same way from here on your crap, Denise.
So we'll do, I'll do the John Rocker thing without the help from ESPN. Thank you.
See, this is the problem I come in here. Did I say I was going to play like a ton of crap today in the mall,
which I will eventually get around to it.
But I got all this other crap that takes precedent, okay, because when you're full of it, it flows out easily.
People are coming up and saying, gee, how do you do it? Talk for four goddamn solid hours every day.
You got rid of all those crappy calls. We really love it. But how do you do it?
And like I said, when you're full of it, it's like a human septic tank. It just flows right out.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know.
I think he was probably my mentor as far as bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, just to talk it up the storm. And I really say in too much.
21 before 11 o'clock at 5.60 WQM, the...
Kill me, Cole.
I don't get through a bedroom window.
F-I-A-M-G-D-F-I-W-I-K.
I wanna get out to you who was crypto, but that ain't no good. If you play for the fish.
Against my girlfriend for God to tell me.
That is not a bitch, but someone else's wife.
A friend of mine was being a filthy.
And I found out that it changed me within us. Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see.
She'd be in bed with her own things.
And that's where the best part of the beast, the filthy little thing is out.
10.42 at 5.60 WQM, I wanna make sure we got the last honor.
Rocker's mouth lands him in trouble again. He's off his rocker.
I did go through some of this yesterday, but now we have a little bit more on it. We've been velished. I mean, a pound a little bit more about it.
Even John Rocker admits he went way too far this time.
The tough talking reliever for the Atlanta Braves ate his words Wednesday, saying his comments that the spiritual homosexuals, AIDS patients, foreigners, minorities and single mothers might have been a mistake.
Rocker triggered outrage in New York and even his native Jojo where his remarks in the current sports illustrated that could lead to discipline from baseball or from the Braves.
He told the magazine would retire before playing for New York. He then added, imagine having to take the number 7 train to Shay Staten, looking like you're in Beirut next to some kid with purple hair, next to some queer with AIDS, right next to some dude who got out of jail for the fourth time, right next to some 20 year old mom with four kids. It's depressing.
The biggest thing I don't like about New York are the foreigners he went on. You can walk an entire block in Times Square and not hear anybody speaking English, Asians and Koreans and Vietnamese and Indians and Russians and Spanish people and everything up there. How the hell did they get in this country?
In a statement released Wednesday, Rocker retracted those remarks. What a surprise. While I have evidence strong competitive feelings about New York fans in the past and take responsibility for the things I've said publicly, including the sports illustrated article,
I recognize that I've gone way too far in my competitive zeal, he said. Yeah, it was just his competitive zeal, you know, just like Orlando Brown. He was just all worked up to a frenzy. That's why Orlando Brown, through the referee down.
Rocker said he was not a racist. He said he's not a racist. Although he let his emotions get the better of my judgment, he said, and said things which when read with cold hard logic, are unacceptable to me into my country.
When read with cold hard logic as opposed to a great sense of humor, I guess everyone makes mistakes and I hope everyone can put this aside and begin the 2000 season with a fresh start. He said, I am contrived. Can we put it aside? No, we hate him like poison, even more than the meds fans and the other people from New York used to.
Commissioner Bud Sealed called Rockers remarks inappropriate and offensive and said they are being reviewed. The play is under review. How do you like that? They're being reviewed.
Now, wondered, is that mean that Bud Sealed is got like the referee's NFL? Is he like looking over there that they got a sports illustrator on the illustrator and he's got the smatha over his head and he's got like a minute and a half to look and read the other thing and read the words and review them? Is that what that means? And then he'll come and give us his decision.
Or I guess no, actually what they have is somebody else reading him and then he'll tell Bud what it means. Because you know Bud Sealed. He's a little on the stupid side.
Braves General Manager John Schurhol spoke with Rocker for 10 minutes on Wednesday and said he planned to meet with him after the holidays.
Yeah, let's get to holiday season over before we start in into a bunch of crap. Okay. He's going to meet with him after the holidays to discuss what actions the organization will take.
The viewpoints attributed to John Rocker in no way reflect the views of the Atlanta Braves organization Schurhol said, of course.
Rocker's teammate Brian Jordan who's a little on the dark conflict side by the way told Atlanta's WQF so you can't respect a guy who makes comments like that publicly.
No, how about privately? Sure, Holt said he did not think Rocker's remarks would be disruptive to the team.
He said Rocker told him he has as many good friends on this team who are African American or Latin as he has that are Caucasian.
Back to you said he and Ryan Klussko are pretty tight although they just trade a Ryan Klussko yesterday. Didn't they? No, I think they did. I'm not allergic with it.
Better bone up on your baseball area fallen behind.
Though Rocker claims to have friends of all ethnic groups according to sports illustrated, Rocker reportedly called a teammate a black teammate a fat monkey.
How do you like that?
Do you ever see a fat monkey by the way? I never saw a fat monkey. I saw some black sparsers in my time were pretty fat.
Rocker has been the focus of hatred from New York, met fans in September during the playoffs. He said met fans insulted his mother and threw batteries at him for which we say,
I'll give you one guess why.
No, seriously, I go for months here and I use the word go loosely without any problems whatsoever.
Four hours a day and I'm all prepared for it. You time out your bodily functions.
And now I seem to have kind of a run here last week and a half. The last week and a turn or so.
And he brings me in a goddamn laxative candy bar before the show and you'll notice that the hat and more than half of it is gone.
I had only like a very small amount and already I have a rumbling.
You know how at the outback they had that dessert to chocolate thundered down under. I'm starting to feel some thundered down under.
Yeah, thanks to my good close personal friend Peter Leonard. You know Peter he's an asshole.
He's like bringing me laxatives before the show you idiot. You maniac.
This is exactly even though it tastes better but it's the same thing as being bringing in a bar of X-lacks before the show.
Yeah, this is from our buddy Alex Delights here have some X-lacks nail that's delicious. Don't eat too much.
No, seriously, I feel exactly the same. So like I said, these are delicious but it says in gigantic letters.
Here, look, you can read it in there. You see that? Excessive consumption may have a laxative effect.
And believe me, here, let me open this thing up and show you there were like three more squares.
So there's one, two, three, four. So I've eaten less than half of one bar.
Okay? 42% of the bar. Three, seven. So I eat.
Okay? And already I'm feeling like somewhat distressed down there.
As in my rectum, a little bit distressed under duress. And you ladies out there, you eat this.
You'll feel some stress under your duress too.
Yeah. All right, go on Peter. Peter, do me a favor. Stay the hell out of here. Make a new year's resolution right now.
You just put the soda outside the door and other than that goodbye. Just stay away. You're a detriment of my life.
Just like Gary Sarner, by the way, who I had the misfortune to see outside after he was like in hiding for quite a while here lately.
Since I received those cartons at my house, certain things like a computer and I already mentioned this on the air.
And a cheap monitor. Anybody want to buy them? No, seriously. I'm unsolicited from this sponsor of his that I've already told him very clearly.
No. I will not endorse. I will not be involved with these people.
And they don't take no for answer and he won't take no. I see him out there in the parking lot yesterday.
Oh, a lot wasn't here. I didn't know anything about it, but they just wanted to make you happy and they're very upset that you don't want to.
And I said, don't you understand? I already told you very clearly no screaming, no shouting. The word was no.
No, no. Not interested. No. That's it. No. Very simple. No. In any language. Yet.
Ne. And he just doesn't get it. And he likes to see we have so many game players in our sales department in this building.
Most of the games that are played at 2 a.m. are by the sales people from the sales manager and the sales holes and the other sub sales managers. They're game players.
So they do their own little thing behind the scenes and figure they can manipulate you. Are they going to manipulate me? Huh? No.
No. They're manipulating you and it don't even feel good. That's that's the worst part. It's embarrassing. But it will be kind of fun to bring that thing in here and we use it for our email.
Huh? That's a good idea. Because I guarantee you one thing. Are they getting this back? No.
Because I already checked with my hot shot attorney about that. And if somebody sends you something in the mail that you did not solicit, you did not ask for, you did not request, you did not order. It's yours. It's yours. No matter how many stickers they have on their saying property of f***ing whoever it might be.
It doesn't make a goddamn bit of difference. It's yours. So there's the good news. Now I have a very, very cheap and the Chinti along with my pretty good compact computer and big large monitor. And I have a Chinti computer and really a crappy little like baby monitor too.
Yeah. See, that's the best part. It's not even good stuff that I'm supposed to be impressed with. It's crap. It's pure on a double rated crap like a bunch of baby stuff for an adult.
Gary Sarner, all I can say is he's an asshole. One thing about our sales department, man, it is pretty consistent through and through. We got a couple of people who stand out a little bit above the rest.
John Penis, have we seen him lately? No. No. How about Brian? Anybody seen him? No. So I'm an enemy of the issue. Hope he wasn't on a way to use the restroom because we know he's a good guy, but oh boy.
Woo. When he uses that magic room, all the magic vanishes in a big cloud of so anyway, here's a great letter to the editor in the Sun sentinel today.
Stephen Breyer of Western writes, no, and this is in response to letter that I read a couple of days ago from some homophobic asshole. No comparison between Shepherd and Dirk Heising it says.
Why do you print letters from obviously foolish people who say things like why do we hear so much about Matthew Shepherd and other gays murdered by Straits and not much about Jesse Dirk Heising and other Straits murdered by gays?
There are straight child molesters and gay child molesters, straight murderers and gay murderers. There are some bad straight people and also some bad gay people as the killers of Jesse Dirk Heising obviously are.
Studies prove that the percentage of truly evil people is about the same in the straight and gay populations. However, this has nothing to do with the issue at hand.
The reason and the simple mind that please listen closely that we hear so much and should be disturbed so much when gay people like Matthew Shepherd, service man very windshield and countless others are murdered by Straits is that they were killed simply because they were gay.
As horrible as this murder was, Jesse Dirk Heising wasn't killed because he was straight. Hence, there's no comparison between the two cases.
Logic tells us that it would be impossible for an intelligent person to draw such a comparison. Furthermore, there probably has never been a case where gays murdered straight simply because they were straight.
The thing that was ever such a case? No. No.
An intelligent debate on the issues is fine but when people write to the sun send them a comparisons that have no logical basis obviously born out of the fact that they don't like gay people, the editors should have the sense to throw those letters into garbage where they belong to Steven Breyer Boyce.
So nice going there Steven. But of course they don't put the letters into garbage where they belong because both of our local loose papers are famous for printing obviously bigoted narrow-minded letters based on nothing but bigotry and a bunch of swill.
For example, in the heraldous morning around a couple of other letters that make a lot of sense, Gregory G. Sodomin in Homestead, I wonder if he's from Sodomin and Gamora.
Well, he mentions that in the letter. He says Robert Steinbach should read the Constitution Bill of Rights in the Declaration of Independence before it makes statements such as he didn't as December 15 come. Again, intolerance and name of Jesus.
These historic documents already protect our inelienable rights. The gay rights law grants special privileges to one group of people, homosexuals, overwathers.
Shall we make new laws to protect specific aspects of each law and every group of people? I sure hope not. Mr. Steinbach should also read the Bible.
God clearly speaks about his grievous form of sin in Genesis with the destruction of Sodom and Gamora. As a Christian, I must tolerate many things I did not agree with like taxes, but I do not have to accept those that go against my beliefs and the will of God.
I love the word tolerate. So in other words, he tolerates things that he would go to jail for not tolerating like if he didn't pay his taxes.
But you don't want to tolerate no faggots because that's against his religion. You see what you're saying is there's a good Christian you're intolerant is what you're saying Gregory Sodom and Gamora in homestead. That's what you're saying.
Couple of other letters one above and one on the other next to it. How Marshall councilman from Community Council seven in Dave County says so the Christian coalition is spending a great deal of effort this holiday.
They see the persuade local governments that it's good and morally okay to deny basic human rights protections to all this political group mask waiting as Christians would rather commit to hurting others than the helping this in itself shows their fundamental hypocrisy.
The fact is the human rights ordinance passed the Miami-Dade County Commission vote via a legitimate process on its own merits plus a solid majority of surveyed Miami-Dade voter support ordinance as it currently exists.
The local coalition should prevent a confusing contradictory and uncristened approach that these thieves municipalities are thinking that they're achieving some democratic or higher goal by listening to these hate mongers.
If this comes to a public vote, Miami-Dade residents will pay financially for the cost of this special election rights, how Marshall councilman community council seven.
An Andrew Kano in Miami writes once again organizations preaching the Christian values of loving one another are attempting to repeal the Miami-Dade County ordinance prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation.
If they're successful, it would be very refreshing for a member of the Florida Family Association or the Christian coalition to be denied a job by a homosexual employer.
How do you like that?
And Raquel Gera in sunrise writes sometimes I feel like a stranger among my own people.
Yeah, I was born in Cuba.
Cubans in Miami sometimes seem to come from another planet.
If the issue was not Los Van Van, it's Rosita for days.
Now it's alien Gonzalez.
This boy belongs with his father now with a 21 year old second cousin.
It's the law and I've gone.
But thank God he's not going back until sometime in January the 21st is going to be the next hearing, although they couldn't rule before that, but nevertheless, he's going to be able to spend the holidays here and primarily because they're scared, crapless, they were going to have more, you know, nothing we don't have enough other things to worry about with terrorist threats and things like that.
But once again, date County is held hostage by the sisters to the rescue and all these other jackasses, all these other crazy people threatening to do, got only knows what.
Make your life a pile of crap is what they're throwing you do because they can't get their way if we don't get our way, just look out Jose.
1057 at 560 WQM on a great date before I still know what this is, you know, this is very disturbing, almost as disturbing as the fact that Peter Leonard brought a stuff he would like to do this morning.
No, and he wasn't just showing this that he was pushing it on me too, he was he's a laxative pusher.
How do you like that? I mean most people know that our sales department's full of crap, but it's one thing to try to push it off at everybody else.
QQM, my heavy boy daughter Dale!
QQM, my baby daughter Dale!
QQM, my baby daughter Dale!
QQM, my baby daughter Dale!
And their place of act machine will soon.
QQM, my baby daughter Dale!
QQM, my baby daughter Dale!
QQM, my baby daughter Dale!
QQM, my baby daughter Dale!
QQM, my baby daughter Dale!
QQM, my baby daughter Dale!
QQM, my baby daughter Dale!
QQM, my baby daughter Dale!
QQM, my baby daughter Dale!
In case you haven't noticed, if Jesus is birthday, so get off your head and my
full of math and fucking celebrate.
There is no holiday season in India, I've heard.
They don't hang out there stockings and that is just a serve.
They never read a Christmas story, they don't know what Rudolph is about.
And that is why in December I'll go to India and...
Hi there, Mr. Hinduism.
Merry Christmas, 3-Tegnoff and some decent passitudes of math.
In case you haven't noticed, it's being a dead birthday.
So get off your head and then do a fast fucking sell-am I?
Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin.
They create several dogs and put needles in their skin.
On December 20th, all they do is eat a cake.
And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and...
Hi!
Hi there, Mr. Shenzhou.
This is very fucking Christmas.
God is gonna take your assy impodillian pagan's gel.
H.H.C. you haven't noticed.
They're fester thanks to you, but it's always choice for Jesus.
Merry Christmas to you.
On Christmas Day, I travel around the world and say...
Now it's Christmas bonus and all you ACS-2!
Merry Christmas to you!
Hello, this is Mob Doll.
You know, a few years ago I had prostate surgery.
Initially I was worried simply about recovering.
And I began to worry about the post-operative side effects.
Like erectile dysfunction, EED.
Sometimes known as impodence.
Also referred to as whiskey weiner, leg of lymph, soft surf, down periscope, wobbly willy,
glass of flagpole, head and south, spaghetti syndrome, went biscuit, you know, banged down the witch's dead.
But there is help.
You need to see a doctor with a little courage and proper treatment.
He can help you achieve an erection, sometimes known as a boner.
Often referred to as a stiffie, hard-time pocket rocket, radicum drop,
concrete crawler, rollercoaters, a choppy, pitch in the tent or being harder than Chinese algebra.
And when you do get help, there's no reason to be ashamed.
Because there's now hope for men and their partners.
Hope that they'll soon be able to have intercourse.
Sometimes known as sex, often referred to as the hunky bands, bumping ugly,
hiding the salami, sweating the uprights, the tube steak buggy, getting some on you.
Imagine that, you know, taking a trip to the mound.
So remember, it's a little embarrassing to talk about, but with a little courage and a few creative you,
fames, you too can leave behind the soft rock, get yourself some hard salami,
and ride the baloney pony into a bright new future.
I'm Bob Dull, thank you.
Put out my five on ones and I, heaven's full of streets.
Just check out the best of costs and I'm starting to feel the heat.
Suddenly I see people, checking out my buttons I see.
Yeah, I got a first class riser.
It don't pitch the tent my jeep, now I'm farting a word.
I'm finding it impossible to conceal.
I'm farting a word.
I feel like an axol without a real word.
So go as brothers.
You are smart and worthy, following them up to the day, specifically.
Just to see what he would do.
Just to face the secret, as his headed forest room,
there's a pretty little ghost, waiting for his post.
Down in the jungle room, we're starting what is the Mampers.
All right, it's really impossible to conceal what is the Mampers.
I feel like an axol without a real word.
It's almost impossible to conceal what is the Mampers.
I feel like an axol without a real word.
Yeah, I think I've been getting to understand the method to the madness here with his Peter Leonard stuff.
A lot of the people on the Atkins know that a low-carb diet, you know one of the things that they're always complaining about,
is that they are bound up real bad.
You know what I'm saying? They just can't move their balls.
So here you can stay on the Atkins.
No carbs and just really turn that around, so to speak.
And around, and around, and around.
I'm sitting here smoking.
Smoke is coming from my ears. Maybe you can't see it.
Because there's not a comfortable feeling to feel like you're right on the edge of a major disaster.
And I came in here on my best behavior this morning.
Did I eat anything this morning?
No.
Do I eat breakfast?
Is there any reason for me to feel like this feeling of fullness in my...
No.
...pupic in my colon and my...
Breakfast.
No.
Except for the fact that I got a crazy person, our sales department killing us with kindness, computers that we don't need, didn't order and don't want.
Laxitive candy bars.
I mean, you name it.
We got it from the QA himself department.
Stay the hell away.
Stay out.
When did that...
Stay out.
Now what are you going to get for once?
Because obviously I'm not going to be participating in much.
I'm serious.
Get whatever you want.
Atlantic City subs sounds good.
Sounds great.
Okay.
Call them up and say, you know, well at least they don't stick around and wait and watch me to eat it.
You know, because I don't think I dare to take a chance.
I don't.
I just don't dare risk it.
Even though I could queue up a couple of things here back to back, you might sell about, you know, a minute and 45 seconds.
That's enough.
As you have discovered, maybe make a new adent there in the old Guinness Book of Records.
I'll get you later, Neil.
Maybe that's what they're trying to do.
Maybe this is some kind of a contest that I'm involved in and I don't even realize I'm participating.
Yeah, how fast can Neil move his bowels contest?
We can get him right up there to old number one and four and three and four on the Guinness Book.
Before the end of the year and we only got eight days left.
Oh, why did that man do that to me?
What have I ever done to him to deserve this laxative pushing?
I'm glad you like it Peter.
In fact, there's a whole bag full here.
Take him home and have a wonderful holiday season.
Have a brown Christmas.
10 past 11 at 5.68 WQAM.
I mean, we end in Florida doesn't snow so we're not going to have a white Christmas, right?
So have a brown Christmas man all over yourself.
Hey, when you're in the mood for a really simple time, there's only one club that can satisfy that simple desire.
Squirt Squirt Club Madonna.
I want to tell you a story about the brand new world's biggest ass poll.
It's a brand new story about the brand new world's biggest ass poll.
His name is Peter Wettered and he is the new world's biggest ass poll.
Oh, yeah.
Don't let it move.
I'm your football player.
Don't you make a sound.
I'm just going to rape your wife and leave quietly.
Don't let this happen to you.
Today's National Football League Cracket athletes are above the law.
Protect your family from the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home.
With the new Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System.
Every Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System comes with a gin and jocke and seal of physical rules.
I never met a criminal.
I didn't lack.
And if they can catch the ball and run with the ball, why?
There's something special.
Take criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail cell where they usually find God in the white name Tyrone.
For Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System.
See your local cracker before the jail.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
Well, there was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
I was like, oh, it's just that I see.
Oh, a long road means that you won't put any more Eldings on this.
It used to be.
It used to be.
It used to be.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
I was like, I heard a man.
You weren't feeling quite right.
Then your face turned a white.
Oh, then you turned blue.
Blue to yellow.
Goodbye to you.
I'm watching TV.
I have to sit.
All his dumb movies and listen to him.
Yeah, whatever.
Whatever.
Yeah, he's talking to crew.
Yeah, he's talking to me.
It's now over.
Yeah, he's talking to me.
But as I watch his flakes,
and I look at all those chicks,
I wish I knew if they knew
who to do well.
I wish I was just who to do well.
Who to do well.
I see you misunderstand.
I said, I have good news and bad news.
The good news is my close-by personal friend, J.C.
Is in the building.
Our good friend from Gainesville, from FU,
for the Christmas holidays.
You predicted the other day.
You said, I wonder how long before we'll be in it.
Did you say that?
Yeah, but is it J.C. or J.P.?
Right.
Yeah, but it's Christmas time, J.C.
Did I call him J.C.?
Actually, well, whatever his name is,
the one Pablo.
In fact, when I saw him in a hall, I went,
I, Pablo, Pablo.
Anyway, he's here. That's the good news.
The bad news is that I got to get,
because we're playing all great stuff today,
and by the way, tomorrow,
a guy to hockey game reminded me last year on Christmas Day.
I played all the voice mails that we get the whole bunch of
members in the game tomorrow.
They're all great.
Anyway, so I go out there in a hall,
because I don't want to sit here uncomfortable
with a Peter Leonard explosion in my system.
It's not a comfortable thing.
So I stacked up a couple of things there to play,
which would give ample time.
I walk into the magic room in there,
and lo and behold, the one side is still out of order,
and the other side is,
oh, Capado.
Oh, bad.
Whoever's in there, I move it fast.
Of course, they can't hear me, because like you said,
we have no monitors. Nobody can hear in the building anyway.
So somebody is in there taking a dump,
and not good news.
Not good news at all.
And here you just called our good friends.
I'm sure Atlantic City subs, because the moment that I even
hinted at that, you said, oh, here's Speed Lunch again today,
and they get on the horn.
And there are no Scots going to send lunch from Atlantic City subs in Hollywood,
which you love profusely.
But I have to make a little room for my Atlantic City subs,
which I'm sure that there is room,
but the problem being that, well, you know what the problem is.
We got a laxative push in our sales department base,
and it's kind of embarrassing here my good friend, JCJP,
whatever his name is.
Well, now I have a lot of friends.
I don't know what their name is.
What's wrong with that?
Haven't you ever had a close friend that you didn't know what their name was?
But anyway, he comes in.
Now I'm in a hallway there, you know,
in limbo, so I'm doing a limbo rock outside the toilet door out there.
Thanks to Peter Leonard.
Jesus Christ.
What a crappy week this has been, you know?
And Clarence wise as he comes out of the room and there,
it's easy. Oh, you're making another trip.
Oh, yeah, I make another trip, Clarence.
It's called a trip home, a trip to the bank.
Although I'll be honest with you, I could never make it home.
Oh, no.
Could I make it home from here now?
No.
Unless I want to do that number again like I did the, uh, yeah.
In fact, now I'm starting to like cross my legs.
This is not a good feeling.
I'll tell you that right now.
Peter Leonard, the piece of crap, okay?
He knows this because when he looks in the mirror, he sees it.
He had the toe.
He's pure on a delirated crap.
Maybe somebody could see if the coast is clear or whoever that was in there.
Yeah. Somebody checked the T-room, okay?
Huh?
I'm checking on it.
Yeah, check on it, then have somebody go in there and then hold the door.
In fact, have J.P. Go in there and hold the door open.
Here's a great fact, by the way.
It says I was watching all the presidents of the night.
There's a line in there where the discussing the Watergate break in.
And Jack Warden says it could be a story or it could just be crazy Cubans.
How do you like that?
I'm in a genius Martinez and Bernard Glocker and all those other crazy Cubanos.
Not to mention G. Gordon Litty who wasn't too been a last time I checked, but never less hung out with some.
So what's the award? Thunderbird?
Did you get some feedback on this or what?
No response yet.
I'll let you know.
What does that mean?
You're going to go out there and investigate yourself?
Okay, we're going to get Joe to go out there and take a look at the WQAMT Room and investigate for himself.
And see what tells going on in there.
When in doubt, clear it out, okay?
Make way for the magic man on the radio.
This is serious business thanks to my good close personal friend formerly Peter Leonard who should only have a real.
Oh God, a thunder blast over the holidays in his house right in his pants.
How could you do that for somebody?
You know just before I go on a year 20 till 10, this man comes in here raving and ranting.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Oh, this is the greatest year and pushing it in my push.
Okay, what's the word?
Still occupied.
Still occupied.
We got some smart.
You know who it probably is?
It's probably Peter Leonard.
He's got sneakers on.
Oh, he's got sneakers on.
In some other words, you're looking under the stall.
You're looking under a stall door.
Great.
Well, what the hell is he doing in there?
Is he got like a magazine in there with him or what?
By the way, you notice JP has got what happened?
Is hair change?
Is he going to do a different haircut?
Huh?
Looks a little different doesn't he?
Little less hair up there I think.
And also like less color too, to it was he looks so pale.
It's that Geenville thing.
I mean, it looks really pale.
Look kind of like Red Necky looking.
A little bit.
Red Necky Cuban.
A little on the pale side.
Need some color in your push.
When you came to the right place, I said that we got lots of color down here.
Don't know.
So what are we going to do about this?
We could make the whole show out of this.
Okay.
Neil waits for the crapper.
Well, I told whoever it was to us.
As soon as they were done, inform me.
And a voice came back and said,
Okay.
Was there a voice that said?
Okay.
There was somebody respond.
There was a knock of a knowledge.
A knock.
A knock of acknowledgement?
See if they would have responded then you wouldn't have known the voice.
But of course, it doesn't make any difference when you know the voice or not.
Because they're going to have to let you know.
Like in person.
But maybe they'll just flip it out onto the door or maybe some toilet paper.
What is it?
Plus I know the shoes.
You do know the shoes and the shoes belong to.
I don't know who they are.
Oh, I see.
You know what the shoes belong.
I will.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
God, damn this Peter Lennon.
I want you to be witness if I ever eat any crap that that man brings you in again.
While I'm before I go on a year, then somebody should chop my...
Recto.
...and half.
Make my cantaloupe into an antelope or something like that.
God, damn him.
Oh, you just got to be a little bit careful.
But only more than like a half a piece.
I have to like a little tie like a sliver.
A little dabble do you know what I'm saying?
First of all, I did for Christmas and all through the house.
My creature was stirring.
Not even a mouse.
I could have sleep though I lay there in bed.
But not a millimeter close to my head.
I heard an oizin' that jumped up to me.
What in the hell all the racking could be?
I looked around corners quite hard to believe.
I saw Santa but he did not see me.
I told their fatherly I didn't make a sound.
He pulled toys from his bag and he sped them all around.
He filled my stockings with cartridges and then he sat down.
For what I saw next his most sure to us down.
He walked to the tree and tore off a branch.
He reached in his pocket and he pulled out a match.
He scraped up some needles, stuck them in his pipe.
Then he struck the match and he gave it a life.
His eyes grew small, his cheeks started to blow.
He walked to the tree and he filled another bowl.
Solid home but it came out he was nine.
Let's send a class card of buzz, box-mode in my Christmas tree.
A second class, you may say Santa Claus did not know that you got high.
Santa had your bank a spam call and a wide-arranged airplane.
Where would I fit all the cookies and milk if I wasn't high?
If that was the night that Santa Claus caught one buzz, box-mode in my Christmas tree.
Santa had his own house.
Santa had his own house.
Santa had his own house.
Santa was a.
If you believe, it smells just like rock candy.
I look hard, gently hard.
I cut one and take part.
I touched a woman's breast with a low angle.
She was wearing a terrible crown.
I walked right out of that place
with a space pile of my face.
Thine list parts, gently parts,
two wings, it is wide and hard.
Flat at one go, but don't look back.
At the distance of your death and back.
If you're in church when you do,
you'll have to stay in your field.
I'm not going to tell the world that was
a girl from power 96 that was in her
and taken about a half an hour dump.
I'm not going to tell anybody that.
And she also flushed the plate roll down the toilet
before I went in there.
But anyway,
we go to the station.
Don't you want to take a bath?
You go on the road, you go on the road.
Check it out, I can pull a bubble out of my dollars.
And the suction's hatch my doosers do.
I ain't doing it, but I know this.
You carry ears, our boozey and down.
Drone a name of light and sweat.
And in fact, that's where we'll make you use.
These kids chose our honey.
So the red light says not what I'm doing.
But everyone's been scusted and scared.
Walk through hallway sideways.
And these covers is going along ahead.
I'm a sad he's off to it.
That's a handsome young man, please, alone.
You're not too sure what's going on there.
Stay away from me.
Josh Freeman.
I feel thinking funny, but he's no sad, ain't he?
I'm funny, isn't he?
Don't come near me.
Josh Freeman.
He's no taking screen with his teeth and a mynelly button.
It's solid by the bounce.
It gets back.
Got so bad his pants is exploding.
Stewing wrenches while all of their done roots.
There's baseballs up and down in.
Woof, baby.
Just you holding all that greasy old food.
Stay away from me.
Josh Freeman.
He's got hair and frizz more than a light face.
Why?
I think he does.
Don't come near me.
Josh Freeman.
Come here, come here.
No, my fingers don't have strings from the fuser.
And everything with something called green anvil.
One, two, three, four, five.
Come on over, honey now.
Come and take a drive to my big house in Chathlete.
Wow, we can both get juicing maybe a little dynamite.
My wife is on business.
She's out for a week.
I'm like a kid in a candy store.
It's time to cheat.
I have threads, little hot dogs, so they're in pizza.
You remember little Billy, you're laying in Tarrot pizza.
It's gonna be a wild time at my home in New York.
Just to me, the early cheat is like a sport.
I'm just like that.
It's all good.
I'm an over-honey now.
Blow on my shelter.
A little bit of Monica in my eyes.
A little bit of Monica without my wife.
Now, a little bit of Monica.
What I see when she's far away.
That's still a race.
A little bit of Monica is what I need.
A little bit of Monica.
A little bit of Monica.
Here I am.
A little bit of you on my happy land.
A young man turns 28.
He scored the sweetest bag.
I'll come the next day.
It's too many seeds.
In your dime bag.
Getting to the party.
Two minutes to late.
Isn't it the chronic version?
Don't you think?
It's not ready.
When you laugh on break, the free bag.
When you're already baked.
You're doing great.
That's just sick.
And you're safe.
Who won't stop?
You can get it.
It's a little bit of Monica.
It's not ready.
It's not ready.
When all you need is a light.
It's like having a feel of your dream.
And then finding out you've got ten delight.
And here's a mecha chronic.
Don't you think?
A little too much chronic.
Yeah, I really do think.
It's not ready.
When you laugh on break, the free bag.
When you're already baked.
You're doing great.
That's just a city cake.
Who won't stop?
You can get it.
On the 36th, last 60 WM.
So anyway, JP comes in on a table.
We're not doing an unusual thing.
And saying, blah, blah, blah, blah.
We're playing a lot of stuff.
Because it's a day before, the day before.
And these two days, today, tomorrow.
It's like, you know, screw off days.
You just play a lot of good stuff.
Right?
That's big enough screwing off, by the way.
Josh Friedman continues.
He's an asshole.
He'll be a real waste of time, you know what?
No, seriously, you give a man's assignment
to a big fat tub of crap like Josh Friedman.
Can he get it done?
No.
No.
The promo is Joe Bowen, Harry Neal, even Jeff Rimmer.
The ones that are real distorted.
Can't play on the air.
That wasn't bad enough.
But he was also going to go out there with a panthers on.
What day is it?
Thursday?
Tuesday morning.
Before practice.
And get them to do some drop-ins and promos for me for the show.
And for the rest of the station and the other guys in the worst team and Hank and his one.
Do we have him?
No.
Do we know anything about him?
No.
And you want to know why?
Probably because they're all distorted like the other ones.
All distorted.
Probably his fat guy in a way of the microphone.
Probably one of his lacasra fools got in a way of the microphone.
God, Josh Friedman, you are in here.
And that was the one guy that's building.
Try to be a nice guy.
Try to give him a fighting chance.
Can you get it done?
No.
No.
Last chance.
Motel, Josh Friedman, baby.
Put up or shot up.
Okay.
Where the guy then promos?
Where's the good stuff?
What about it?
We're speaking of promos.
Since they are running promos from the athletes on at the 1700 on Waffen.
So I get out of here yesterday because of that awful new ambassador ballgame early.
I get in the car and I thought,
okay, I keep hearing about these two live Jews on your midday on Waffen.
Let me see what they sound like.
They sound like Gildi juniors in heat.
They sound like two chipmunks on helium trying to be funny.
I survived about seven or eight minutes of it.
And that was as much as I could.
Well, let's pass this up in name.
What is it that big box in there?
Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah.
Tragic.
And you're telling me that there are people in this building who are suggesting that when I hang up the microphone,
they're going to put those two assholes on their station.
Oh, God.
The vast majority.
The vast majority of what?
People in here who like to play pretend program director every now and again.
Thank.
That is what will happen.
Oh, you have.
That's one of the worst shows I've ever heard in my life.
It is.
I write a list of Josh Friedman farting for two hours and hear that.
At least it might be I'm using entertaining something.
What do you think?
What do you think of that guy?
Well, yeah, I wrote.
I did pretty funny.
Yeah.
Awful and awful of this grace and embarrassment.
And keep in mind that they got canned on the weekends on this station.
When Greg, when Greg, you want to be free and read when these people bought this station and made it into the sports shame that it is,
they canned those guys.
They used to be on a weekend.
They couldn't make it here on the weekends.
They have a big fat on a make-believe station down here and down.
And we're getting ready to put on their mid days here.
Yeah, they give you a nice small manageable number.
You know, like the one they got down here.
Oh, duty.
21-till noon at 560 WQM where Roland Long singing a song.
You're fast bound on the same.
Make the bells your hands.
Give that something that's fine.
It's this thing.
It's beautiful and inside of the hotel.
It gets in the girls.
They're broken bones.
And I'm about to be high.
It's this thing.
It's beautiful and inside of the hotel.
It goes crazy when it's bad.
When it's bigger it's better again.
It fills my hands.
It cuts my chest.
It's quite funny.
Oh, when it blooms, the room my bestie came round my dreams.
And into my life, oh how it makes me feel fine.
It's 16.
Oh, beautiful and it's mine.
I'll be back.
Who is it?
Oh, do I gotta go?
Oh, the pines.
I'm in here.
I'm in here.
Is he right now?
Marty!
Marty!
Come out, Marty!
We just wait a minute.
Oh, that was a little panda.
Oh, here comes another one.
Oh, wait, I'm so much better.
Stop it, you're a pumpkin!
Yeah, but never do, never do, never do.
Yeah, but never do, friend Marty.
Say it, here is a friend!
Fred!
Fred, stop it, you never do, never do.
Fred, Marty, say it's Fred, Marty.
Yeah, but never do, never do.
Fred, Marty, say it's Fred, Marty.
This is all the families that we call the Flintstone.
The car was made out of dinosaur bones.
There a page right out of history.
Fred, Wilma, Betty, and her husband, Marty.
Fred, your soul days out after the quarry.
Will the handle tell the two of you know of the story?
You haven't seen her in band-ass, Mr. Slate, and the great consume.
It wasn't that great.
Oh, the car went to three tolls feet, and it played the record with a bird's big-big.
Some days maybe Fred will win the fight, and that cat will stay out for the night.
When the boss exit the others on the bird's rear end, the episode ain't over.
It just began.
I hope you dig my three-year story right, so turn on the tube and have a gay old time.
Yamadabitou, Yamadabitou, Yamadabitou, Yamadabitou, Fred, Marty.
Say it's Fred, Marty.
Yamadabitou, Yamadabitou, Yamadabitou, Yamadabitou, Fred, Marty.
Say it's Fred, Marty.
Five, 60 WQAM.
Your sport home-indication presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Neil won't be in again today, so that we may provide you with more titillating entertainment.
Well, suited for this area, and the management state of life.
Live from the white side of the grove.
It's MiamiHurricaneGirls.com.
All right.
Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem.
I would like to announce the development of a new software system, which will be year 2000 compliant.
This program is known as Millenia Year Application Software System, or MyAS.
Next Monday, there will be a meeting in which I will show MyAS to everyone.
We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at MyAS.
We have not addressed networking aspects yet, so currently only one person at a time can use MyAS.
This restriction will be removed after MyAS expands.
Last week, my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in MyAS before.
I helped her through the first time, and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively famous, and she was actually looking forward to doing it again, and was even ready to kiss MyAS.
As you begin using the program, feel free to put anything you want in MyAS.
As MyAS grows larger, we envision a time when it will be commonplace for a supervisor to hand work to an employee and say, here, stick this in MyAS.
It will be a great day when we need data quickly, and our employees can respond, here it is. I just pulled it out of MyAS.
I am a little nervous, but I'm not nervous.
I am a little nervous, but I'm not nervous.
These hours have been declined. They will take your hand. We got a land. We swirled in my day. We look like kids in the sky.
I am a little nervous, but I'm not nervous.
I am a little nervous. I am a little nervous.
I am a little nervous. I am a little nervous.
I am a little nervous. I am a little nervous.
I am a little nervous. I am a little nervous.
I am a little nervous. I am a little nervous.
I am a little nervous. I am a little nervous.
I am a little nervous. I am a little nervous.
I am a little nervous. I am a little nervous.
I am a little nervous. I am a little nervous.
Good morning.
As the guest takes my leg, he eats her meal alone.
But did see where they never make men to IQ 33 weight chicken.
Hammered my dessert, dark Donna, and 12.
There's a poem with blue bonded on it.
You're not so full that you couldn't speak, baby.
Something about the pie really drove me crazy.
I never will forget when you tried the ram
with dribble on your chin, it says,
Not that when you finished what was left, a chicken groan.
You the fastest eater in the world, the world is ever known.
I was deep in love, deep in love for me.
But you was more in love with the fancy beans.
And I advised you, the better potter you have to put
in a pair of jeans from Evercumbian Fish.
All that summer day, you ain't your sandwich.
Chinese glutabol object.
And I was her day on that picnic that day in the summer.
In the summer.
I can't believe she's about to rock a rib.
All the cherries, including the fifth.
She won't forget all that picnic that day in the summer.
In the summer.
Oh, baby, come play with my sloth.
And play the hang of the sandwich you can take at long.
Hey, baby, come play with my sloth.
You don't have the swallow, I have a washcloth.
Aim into flames when you're going down on me.
Oh, yeah.
Where is the solder mat upon your moves?
You can't stop for a moment, you see.
Well, here I come, the rest of it I've seen.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, baby, come play with my sloth.
Who did that in there?
Baby, baby, baby, come play with my sloth.
Oh, baby, come play with my sloth.
Oh, yeah.
The way I move around when I go to, I call the mamba moves
since the birth to.
I'm the toilet seat like we get to the mamba beat.
The radio play.
Yeah, snowing out on low, the end of all food.
There's just one thing I got to do.
The children say, but it's all I need.
The lights make my high, the night's empty.
I don't have to push time, it's control.
When I move inside the side of the toilet bowl,
I never have to spray it, come down the hole.
It looks a little like us to zero.
I sway to the left, I sway to the right.
From seeing the sea again, I'll tell you why.
Not only are you burning, calories,
but you never ever get a big red ring.
That's why things like that guy,
who can't use the extra time, can have enough fun.
When they pick up our bowl, move it number two.
Hey, look at the Alex, I'm doing the pamper.
Oh, come on, do it.
There was a little whaling, he's dead off inside of it.
Okay, I'll get out.
I'm one happy guy.
She's packing her bag.
All right.
Till a risk all gonna leave me for New York, New York.
Yes!
I'm waving goodbye.
Yeah, I'm going back.
Rudy Giuliani, she's got a face.
New York, New York.
I want to wake up in the White House and be all alone.
And find there's no sign of hell,
the bitch and two mones.
No more evil eye.
I won't hear her nag.
Fuck the room.
Her lung will make my life so sweet.
New York, New York.
If you are with her,
there she'll be out of my hair.
It's up to you.
New York, New York.
She's gone on wake up in a city so far away.
While she's on Capitol Hill, I'll wake up all day.
Yeah, I can retire while she goes to work.
Yeah!
This kid will make my life so sweet.
New York, New York.
Oh, play your word.
Her hair gets her out of my hair.
Oh, please come through.
New York, New York.
Come on, baby.
Welcome to Hillary.
God, I feel great now.
I'll tell you a three minutes till noon at 5.50 WQ.
And I feel like I've had a big load taking off my mind.
No question about that.
What do you smoke at about, man?
It's true.
Man, my life was flashing before my eyes.
I don't want to say it was, who was it, Miguel?
I wasn't Miguel.
I'm sorry.
Manual?
Manual labor?
Who was it?
It was Miguel.
Miguel from Power 96.
We have more than one Miguel in the building.
Don't be blaming the lovely Miguel from our promotion department.
Because I guarantee you, when he goes in there, number one, he don't have play girl.
And number two, it don't take half an hour to do his business.
Well, seriously, I have to specify which man.
Suppose it was like Joe Mama was in there and I said, well, Joe was in there.
Yeah, you want to be very careful in the specify, which Joe you'd be talking about.
Anyway, we got Hank Goldberg from Cool City coming up into the staff.
No, we got Herakun Hotline, six to late from the hex center tonight.
And then we got Jim Mad Dog Manage, a little bonus time for the manager.
No!
What is it?
Yeah!
There you go, eight to ten tonight and any K.
My good buddy, any K.
Thanks for the check, Eddie.
Ten o'clock tonight.
You know the word.
Hey, Eddie, how's it going?
It's been a while.
I'm just a little bit nervous.
I'm just a little nervous.
I'm just a little nervous.
I'm just a little nervous.
I'm just a little nervous.
I'm just a little nervous.
I'm just a little nervous.
I'm just a little nervous.
I'm just a little nervous.
I'm just a little nervous.
I'm just a little nervous.
I'm just a little nervous.
I'm just a little nervous.
So, if you're not black, come on down to Titanic.
Come to think of it, those damn gay people, we know like them either.
Shoot it to food, but they talk too loud with funny lists.
They serve other customers, not come back.
So, no gay, no black.
And while we're at it, ladded people, you make reservations for seven-fifteen.
Don't show up at 820 and expect your table.
We give it to someone else already.
Ladded people are always late.
No black, no gay, no ladded entire coming.
And Jewish people, you stop becoming our bill.
Who cares who have what?
Take when I go, set it outside.
Take 45 minutes to try to divide up bill.
We know what you hear.
No Jew, no black, no black, no Cuban.
And white people, you think you better than everybody else,
complain too much if we don't kiss your ass.
You're not come back.
No white, no black, no Jew, no laddedos, no gay.
Everybody else, for the best Thai food,
come and timey and pipette these forty before we have to clothe.
Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana
Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana
Ramadana
Oh!
Yay!
Oh yol, oh, I heardly laughing,
they read Ramadana Ramadana, Ramadana Ramadana.
It meansILLAD, truly!
ramadana Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana.
I'm throwing hands behind me so I can dwell.
I'm the first one, the first one, the first one the way.
I pray for the pain through death to pick this you and me.
My religion is just like human sight.
It's the sky on your neck's light.
I want you to die today.
I'm a rubber, rubber, rubber, rubber, rubber, rubber, rubber.
I'm not in the doubt of me.
I'm a rubber, rubber, rubber, rubber, rubber.
I might have ridiculously missed the reason for you been dying.
Bop, bop, bop, rama dawn.
Rama dawn.
Rama dawn.
Bop, bop, bop.
I want you to die today.
I'm a rubber, rubber, rubber, rubber, rubber dawn.
I love you, rub the meat.
Rub it down, rub it down, rub it down.
Rub it down, rub it down.
Rub it down, rub it down, rub it down.
Oh!
Bug--a-pie!
Bug--a-pie!
Bug-wag-wag-wag-wag-wag!
Bug-wag-wag-wag-wag-wag!
Bug-wag-Wag-wag-wag-wag!
Uh, Jimmie and Danny.
Uh, Jimmie and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
In fact it's more aboutGinney and Danny after this word, from Ballyaln's Understandings
wherever your pot comes with its own frigid air.
I know why this car was cheaper, don't real back smells in the back seat.
My friends say that I should've known when this thing just makes me grow.
You just bought a crap car through your money.
Oh, wait.
Oh yeah, after crap cars, good to give it away.
I think that it's starting to look.
It's a crappy car not a road.
I got an 8 track with a tape stuck inside it.
The lighter might work but I cannot find it.
There's only one way you can start it.
You just better be on it and it won't be parking.
I asked my tape to go far right.
She picked her etchy to a young cadet.
I think it's sad.
I think it's true.
Her girlfriend thinks that I've got true.
You just bought a crap car.
You could go or get our tape.
Pay now.
That's a crap car.
Would you tow it away?
Think that transmission is true.
It's a crappy car if on road.
And now it's starting to look.
It's a crappy car not a road.
Ladies and gentlemen,
if I could offer only one tip for the future,
act strange and people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable
than my own neanderine experience.
Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk downstairs
backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crispies
and sing feelings while the kernels go snuff crackle and puff.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your heads
at the hole where they say how much.
Lick a stranger.
Tell him you're from Bosnia and your country
at the sign of respect.
Take lots of pills.
One of them might work.
Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis.
Be annoying.
During an IRS audit,
staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Moon a funeral.
Play Go Fetch with a C&I dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling,
kill her bees, kill her bees.
Say the word titty without smiley.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said
John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries
and try to make a run for it.
This appears for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion,
tell your old English teacher that your dog is still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire if they'll take a million dollars for one of his books.
Try to find the secret to caretops success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcastis and toss them on the lawn next door.
Go on a car trip with bobcastis and force a disdainous car seat.
Try to dribble bobcastis.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really estomal.
Wish no ill willed anyone,
unless you don't like them, then screw up around their own.
Realize anyone who says that completely happily are completely full of crap.
Ask a hellzanger if he's a woman or has he always walked like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Sniff an old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle and the gay bar trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence, understand it, embrace it, protect it.
And every so often, take it out for a nice nosh.
Care about not to care.
Home while you eat.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
All right.
Hey man, great words for the 90s, Christian 90s are all over.
It's 9 minutes after you're in 560 WQ.
We got Hank from Courset today, baby.
That's right, you'll hear the real story about Cecil, right?
Cecil, the other side of the story.
Uh, Jesus, are you f***ing kidding me?
Some things in our subbeds, they can really make you mad.
I'm a thing, just make you swear and curse.
When you're cheering on last whistle, back, grumble, give a whistle.
And this will help things turn out for the best.
Hey.
Always look on the blind, oh, it'll fly.
Always look on the blind, oh, it'll fly.
If last thing's only one, this happened difficult.
And that's the dance, the dance, the dance, and things.
When you're feeling in the dance, that's a silly chance.
Just burst your lips and whistle, that's the thing.
Ain't more grace upon the blind, star of life.
Now what?
Always look on the blind, oh, it'll fly.
For life is not a joke, it's a final word.
You must always face the burden with a laugh.
But this is why you're saying, if the audience is the cool,
if it's joy, it's a long chance that it has.
Always look on the blind, oh, it'll fly.
I just think, all you draw, you're a servant of friends.
Love the piece of shit, when you look at it,
loves the love of dance and justice too.
You see it's always shown, keep the love in it you've got.
Just remember that the love starts without you.
Thanks always look on the blind, star of life.
Always look on the blind, star of life.
You have a mark, you have a mark.
Always look on the blind, star of life.
Always look on the blind, star of life.
Always look on the blind, star of life.
I'm going to sing that music, you have.
Oh, it's so good.
Oh, you've got to do it.
You've got to laugh it, you've got to back it up.
Oh, you're long.
Yeah, I think it's a great song.
There you are.
It's a good song.
It's my only book YouTube.
It's a French movie!
I'll take 4 or 5.
I'll bill.
3 already!
That's my 50.
I'm a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star
a star, line up, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, l'm a star,
Look at me, and all they see, like a master me.
They want to grab it, grab it all they see.
If you have my husband, you have a husband,
or if you don't get back to him, throw your heart in me.
And would you have my cash with a big ol' sheep?
If you have my husband, you have a husband,
or if you have my husband, you have a husband,
or if you don't get back to him.
Do you know what I'm not about to tell you last night?
No!
But I was walking over half, and I made this statement,
and then said to me, what I'm about to do?
Oh, oh, oh!
And then next to me, now he's flying through the door.
I'm not sitting on a big site, I'm sitting here,
and I'm putting in trouble again, if you know what I'm doing.
I would have sprained my stomach on a car, but...
Christmas is near, the toys on the shelf,
but that's the worst part, parking the else.
Now Mrs. Claus cut off Santa's charm.
We stayed out real late, and wouldn't say why.
So don't be surprised, Mrs. Claus is real high,
because Mrs. Claus cut off Santa's charm.
All right.
He took a late night's late ride,
and talked it in the fog.
It fell through someone's gym money.
Now that's what I call a U-rog.
That's what I call a real U-rog.
What Christmas is here, with good old thing Nick,
and you'll soon be glad that you didn't get dick.
Mrs. Claus cut off Santa's charm.
Mrs. Claus cut off Santa's charm.
Mrs. Claus cut off Santa's charm.
Oh my God, can we go through one Christmas without my getting this crap?
I wasn't bad enough I got the facts yesterday.
From the get's key, the priest that was inviting me to mass.
Did you hear that?
On New Year's Eve, the Christmas Mass,
where the fagilas will be, and that wasn't bad enough.
Now I open it up for an envelope here.
This is unbelievable, absolutely positively.
Grotesque.
Bob and Barkey something,
which I won't even read the last name,
because it would be too embarrassing.
What kind of name is Barkey, by the way?
Here's a Christmas card,
all holy night.
You and your intentions will be remembered in the Mass
as celebrated by the monks on Christmas Day,
and during the 12 days of Christmas,
to you and yours, Mary Christmas.
And the card says,
God bless you and keep you in His with the capital H,
loving care, and Christmas and throughout the New Year.
And inside the...
Oh wait a minute.
Bob and Barkey, Bar.
Oh, I see what this is.
This is a joke.
This is about to be a joke.
Doesn't this have to be a joke?
Oh yeah, from Palm Beach.
And here's a fake...
Oh, this is the letter Congressman Bob Bar
that fags us with a mustache.
They never met a Nazi he didn't like.
And here's a big song to dance to,
soliciting money.
And here's a Jesus card.
This is a special prayer card.
It's the Lord's birthday,
celebrate with Him.
Although he looks a little bit upset,
there must be a team lost.
Here is my secret prayer card,
number four at Christmas time.
I'm sending it to you at your anointed ministers
to place on the altar of prayer for four days and nights
as they pray for me and my need.
You know what it is.
You know what I need?
Oh, he just walked in the door.
Oh, sorry.
Look at this.
How do you like that?
Well, Jesus answers your prayers.
I just got to read what I need and he just walked in the door.
For Christmas, maybe with a new haircut.
So there you go.
Thanks a lot for the fake Bob Bar, et cetera.
I didn't get something good in the mail
and it won't make you a crappy.
It's a Pittsburgh Pettwin's calendar.
Unlike the Panthers,
we still have a decided whether to put TM and BM on a calendar,
Nicky, or Pob El Burry, and the Anacornaholia,
and Ray Whitney on Nicky.
Doing a three-way.
Oh, he's all in the Anacornaholia too.
Yeah, well, guess what, Jesus.
I got a...
That's all it takes, you know.
I don't understand.
What's the big...
What is she about?
Nine years old, something like that?
Yeah.
Ten.
Yeah, is it?
That's okay.
What?
He says that's why he likes her.
That's why he likes her.
Young and the hung, or something like that.
So here's a Pittsburgh Pangwoods 2000 calendar.
Thank you so very much.
Whoever sent this to me, who's it from?
It's from somebody.
Oh, and look at this.
Here's something for you guys.
For you, head of a sexual guys in there.
Which I even include JP,
although he's Cuban, so we're not sure.
There's some boob spoia.
It was intended for George, but he's not here this week, so, you know, let him lose his soul.
And here's a Pangwoods' versus Pathers December 18 program and a whole deal.
So thank you so much, amigo.
It's from Mark and Kim in Pittsburgh, PA.
There you go.
And it also says, Love the No-Calls format.
I like that.
Love it.
They're loving it.
The new Roger Show.
Well, not beyond today.
Instead, run a gambler's sport home radio, 560 WQ AM.
And it's continuing after to cater to all three of you,
slag-jawed lifeless automatons.
It's proud to present Gregory, who's washing his socks.
I love these socks.
My wife got me these socks.
My favorite kind.
I'm going to start with the dark brown.
It's the gold diamonds down each side of the ankle.
I'm going to get one.
Give that one a good scrub.
I can't stand by that.
Where am I?
Where am I?
Fix the hole, because I didn't trim my toenails that way.
I'm going to start on the other one.
Oh no.
What is this, what's up?
What's the matter?
Oh, I have no numbers.
Oh, why did you take me alive?
You didn't even snap that too fast.
It's a good little pet director and go back to your office.
Okay.
Why, there's nothing to worry about.
It's schedule.
Maybe clear channel will buy it.
The blind game.
Jan and Reno.
Reno, Reno, BoBino, Banana, Panifopino, C5, MoMino.
Reno.
What's the hubble?
Hubble hubble, BoBubble, Banana, Panifopubble, C5, MoMubble.
Hubble.
Come on everybody.
I seen a list of lines.
I bet you I can make a rhyme.
Out of everybody's crime.
The first letter of the name.
I treated like it wasn't there.
But a B or a NF.
Or an M with a pair.
And that I say, well, how to be, then a place to blame.
And for man to plan, I'm an opposed.
Then we serve them with us.
A peanut buttered plane.
And a C5 at a mo.
And then I say the name again with an M this time.
The season never names.
The midst of the tribe.
Oh, baby.
Door.
Door, door, go, go, but then a Santa more.
Four, feet, five, more.
Door.
Okay.
Now say, all right.
All right.
Now come with the beans.
Boy, then, banana, banana, four.
Banana, banana, five.
And you place the blame in a deposition, baritone.
Then a C5, no.
C5, no.
Then you drag them through the mud, cover them to resign.
And distract everybody from your own crime.
Everybody do John Wong.
Wong, Wong, go, Wong, banana, banana, go, Wong.
C5, no, Wong.
Go, Wong.
Pretty good.
Let's do Charlie Tray.
Tray, Tray, go, baby.
Banana, banana, go, baby.
C5, no, me.
Tray, a little blame with Santa Burger.
Burger, burger, burger, burger, banana, banana, burger.
Fee, five, burger, burger.
Burger, the blame, game.
Oh, I love this game.
Everybody's guilty for me.
God, baby.
I love you.
You don't know what I do.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
A greasy little Guitars talking to a wise guy in fella.
He's sitting with the baby two girls and belly with the Bicycle.
He's sitting with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls and belly with
the baby 2 God and rose when his baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls with the baby two girls and belly with baby two girls and belly with the baby two girls plus in the
Huh?
In fact, maybe tomorrow we'll have like 20 or 30 places to bring in food.
Is anybody going to open them on?
No.
Like I said, maybe we'll just need a whole bunch of these candy bars tomorrow sounds
real good.
Yeah.
We'll sit around and have a real crappy party.
And just while you eat bunches and bunch of these candy bars, in fact, why don't we just
put one of these great cash sugar free candy bars and everybody's Christmas stock at
around the building?
How does that sound?
Yeah.
You want to see a lion form over there at that magic room?
You want a lollipop little boy?
A blue lion.
You think black marlin's son wants all of us?
A big black male, especially a chocolate sweet of thy.
A blue lion.
You don't think black marlin' a charity is wrong.
You don't know the power and so anybody needs a child's bolting smile.
Roy.
I love to feel right.
What brought up your asset's eyes?
What's that knife?
He's a lethal slave to a knife.
He has nothing to feel right.
Roy.
A blue lion.
You think the picture banged you down?
A fat young hen and bruises your mind in the way you like.
A blue lion.
You get my bow, your long and strong.
Get carried away and do okay and no fair if it's wrong.
You come then, you wife.
You just beat my son.
The kind of big trees are.
You go out and do a job.
We got to take with those edges out.
Yes.
As though we get out of you by.
We just have to use you.
You've been around way too long.
Castore, you are clay faster.
Too long you've lost it.
The way of fix should have worked.
See tell you make me sick.
Get out of you back quick.
You also got them rich.
You am ego son of a bitch.
This all we know you like.
Are you behind the strike?
Where are you in 63?
You kill can at least.
More than more than more than more than more than more than more than more than more than.
Get out now and see your nation.
Are you into masturbation?
See there will live the embargo.
Cuba will become another kilo.
You are a log of USA.
USA.
We're turning all the raps and modes away.
Loser.
Castore, get out of Cuba.
We just can't use you.
You've been around way too long.
Castore, you are clay faster.
Too long you've lost it.
The way of fix should have worked.
See tell you make me sick.
Get out of you back quick.
You also got them rich.
You am ego son of a bitch.
This all we know you like.
Are you behind the strike?
Where were you in 63?
Did you kill John Kennedy?
Yes.
You're sick.
You're sick.
Get out now and see your nation.
Are you into masturbation?
See there will live the embargo.
Cuba will become another kilo.
You are a log of USA.
You're a log of raps and modes away.
Loser.
Loser.
Let go.
I've been to every woman.
I've been to every woman.
To find a beacon, you're one freaking beacon.
I have cried.
I have fought.
That's where I work.
Water in the mountains.
Water in the mountains.
Nothing for people to choose.
But I still haven't found any Pokemon.
There are still Pokemon.
I've been to every store.
And I can't find all the stuff.
It's so pretty in here.
To find Charging Zards.
Where's your New York?
At the last resort.
But I said we're not at every horse.
But I've got to plan.
I'll go stop in Japan.
Because I still haven't found any Pokemon.
There are still Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
And I can't find any Pokemon.
This door can get far.
Don't you love him espao?
Yeah, we need him bio in jack.
And he is going to win.
But one time he probably didn't show himself
because he still gave a chance to show it.
If someone comes to watch his videos
Yeah, we love him, call to him and now before.
Not our goal, not our goal.
Not our goal, yeah, he's not our goal.
I'll say it one time more.
We love him a lot, mostly because he's not.
Boring, Alper, Gore.
Well, don't you love Bill Bradley?
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
In theaters now, it's the totally new Star Wars Yoda.
Get caught on R2D2.
R2D2, you make me feel good.
Whoa!
R2D2?
I was just wondering, you are a female, right?
You're a dude, so am I.
Yoda breaks up with R2D2, showing now.
No robots, we're injured during the filming of this movie.
Get off of my face!
I don't know, in a theater they use.
I'll tell you what, take a shower.
You were on the talk on powder.
You were just be the river by words.
You were a thing, thank you, hold.
You put your job under ear instead.
You put some liquid shay on your head.
You were the problem with some backburns.
Give to her your baby bees.
Na na na na.
Lift up, sneak up pee-hee-hee-hoo.
Raise your hands.
Na na na na na na na na-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Lift up, sneak up pee-hee-hoo.
Coming to a theater near you.
That's right, first time in the next Master Dation.
Right, upon a frontier, starting Captain's bug, a major catastrophe has occurred on the
end of the fry.
One of the crew members is into self-satisfaction, causing an abundantly of plingons throughout
the ship.
Now since I'm the captain, I have to interrogate you.
What about you, Spock?
What about you, Boans?
Do you know the truth?
Gamer Jim, I'm a doctor.
Dada, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim, what about you, Scotty?
Wedding minutes, I'm the chief operator.
You know, the terminator's not the Master Dation.
Tim, what about you, Suru?
That's Suru, that's Suru.
What about you, Horot?
I'm the pig.
Not a Horot!
Well, if no one else on the ship is not, I'm going to be a Dr. Dada.
That must be Jack Off!
That's my name, don't wear it out.
That's right, that's not right.
That's not right.
The next Master Dation has been in a theater near you.
Something bothering you, Spock?
I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans.
I find their illogical and fulgey motions, constant irritants, unlike you, with humans
a full of unpredictable emotions.
Love, happiness.
Yes, it won't be afraid.
It was my hand.
Horot.
You are beautiful.
You are beautiful than any dream of beauty.
Have everyone looked at your point, with Spock.
Okay, just me.
Yeah, you're mine.
Prospect to do it for the track of view, you know, but you don't really want to hurt me, do you?
But that's annoying.
No, I don't think so.
Love, love, life, can't.
Just clean this up quick.
And read the advice, that an officer Spock has had to have.
Hospital in my fifth or wrong entry point.
Yes.
Very well, Captain.
Again, please excuse me.
What are you waiting for, hurry?
If you'll excuse the intrusion captain.
Very badger.
An appropriate choice of terms, Captain.
Oh!
Oh!
I feel so weak.
Captain, Mrs. O.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Oh!
Oh!
It's been behaving disgracefully.
I've been animal flesh, and I've enjoyed it.
I believe it was as well.
It was painful.
And more ways than one.
I don't know why I have not been infected.
Thank you, Mr. Spock, from both of us.
Help me, O. K. O.
My only hope.
Her name was Leon.
She was a princess.
With the Danish on each ear, and our team is drawing near.
So are you these?
Some men can know me.
Oh, we were.
We have to put the death of plans into the rebellion's hands.
So you can only be one.
Have to get to all the runs.
So they stopped into more tightly.
To have a drink with parts at the Star Wars.
Star Wars can't heal us.
So when it reaches you've ever seen us.
Eat at the Star Wars.
Star Wars can't heal us.
Music and master's an old Jedi master, at the Star Wars.
With that true past goal, your name was Sonor.
He was a pilot.
With the laughter at his side.
And a smile, well-possessed, why there was true faggot.
He was a wolf, he was a wolf, he was a wolf, he was a wolf.
They met with looking over one about the millennium.
Falcon, docking, bay-nights, he falls.
Don't troopers, after stars.
With the plans to spend light-takes,
And as it's our own world.
Star Wars has the war can't heal us.
Go with creatures you've ever seen us.
Eat at the Star Wars.
Star Wars can't heal us.
Music and master's an old Jedi master, at the Star Wars.
I've faced a lot.
It will never find.
The more rich is high, the stronger and the better.
It's a caution.
His name was Yoda.
He was a muffin.
Darth Vader was so bad.
And by the way, he's looked at Luke's sister.
His hand got torn off.
And that's how he fought for ways.
Luke just had a lousy day.
Both of us, that's what don't mean.
Jobba had bad hygiene.
White business, they all just relax.
Back on time to lean, after Star Wars.
Star Wars can't heal us.
Go with creatures you've ever seen us.
Eat at the Star Wars.
Star Wars can't heal us.
Music and master's an old Jedi master, at the Star Wars.
The first few things I do.
All of it.
Oh!
I think in enough of those four foul mouth kids from South Park,
Will Comedy Central changes attitudes and latitudes
with four wise guys from Alabama.
Join the last on the all new animated series, Deep South Park.
You smell it, Paul.
I'm reading here, Bill.
I'll make your dad a deep, your sister every now.
So what's your point, Rufus?
It's Deep South Park, with all the dirty language and ethnic flares
to ensure infant success.
I'll tell him every time I f*** the f*** some f*** gets in the f*** with the f*** she.
That's because the f*** is a f*** and he don't write f*** she.
It's Deep South Park.
Just like South Park except without rages, Southern accent.
Oh my god, thank you, Billy Bob.
You're getting better.
Oh well, let's go hunt some road kids.
Deep South Park, coming soon to Comedy Central.
I'm going to go hunt some f***.
I'm going to go hunt some f***.
I'm going to go hunt some f***.
I'm going to go hunt some f***.
Poor kids packing us together.
And it proves that they're rest TV don't get better.
The chef's just like it's late tonight.
She's the pussy clown.
You're going to see Stans fall off his guts.
It's when these around.
They're Stans, Corp and Kyle and they're talking dirt.
And at least once a week we hear.
Thank you, Billy.
You're so good, Dad.
Oh, it's so weird how the wonderful and can't fake his empathy.
He gets hit in the head and then he says the rats know it.
And then they eat it.
No.
Thank you, Billy.
You got it, Dad.
Okay, you want to know what I think?
What?
He's doing something here with Dad.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
He's not here.
Shit.
Jump up.
This.
Shine!
He's not here.
He's been I peph funny phone looking off that
If you come, we're the weak as to change the man.
If our high youths use an elephant, we're the cursed as the star must ring.
God bless, we sing a song of heaven and earth to save you.
Devil, we sing the best of the best of the world.
We sing the best of the best of the world.
We sing a song of heaven and earth to save you.
We sing a song of heaven and earth to save you.
Hey man, where will you hear us?
Josabas, we're the cursed beauty of the wrong,
Of God inside, We can feel that you've turned down!
We sing the best of the magic of the dark.
Knee the shack all the way,
the leaps upon singing in the dark.
If our high youths ever come, we sing savior of the world.
As, say the goodness, show it Earl!
I can't stand it!
I can't stand it!
The God is my baby!
I can't stand it!
I can't stand it!
I can't stand it!
I can't stand it!
I can't stand it!
I can't stand it!
You got a mint!
I can't stand it!
Fuck!
Fuck!
I can't stand it!
I'm gonna get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
So 56 at 560 WQM if you're starting to notice that the hair on your head is vanishing JP I'm sorry. Well you're starting to get old just like all the rest of us sweetheart. We can't all be young and beautiful like you but anyway you want to look great Charles Alfie or he's the guy can do it.
So why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why do you tell so why do you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why did you tell so why Site everyone knows how to play here choir solo is great boy
A rasta man has some he want to sell and from a mile away you can detect the smell of smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
He light up the spliff and smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
You'll be carried lots of herb in the gun, the sack.
Smoke it every day until your lunch is done like with all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
America's food is coming here and say, got nothing like this in the US.
He says, hey, they smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
They light up the spliff and smoke.
They begin to puff and choke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
All right.
Mama Delmas on you are a rasta man.
You like to smoke the giant strip whenever you turn.
Many people coming here for miles around.
A bite they've heard from you by the ounce and it comes.
Rasta man, say to her, mama, you all right.
They can't you be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
They light up the spliff and smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
They can't you be good.
Here's jam on.
Okay, 102 at 560 WQM.
So anyway, Josh Friedman is rocking the boat.
Here that's why the studio in the other room is like listening off the one sign.
So in defense of Josh Friedman he actually did get a couple of drop-ins here from men.
I bet they're real exciting.
Let's listen.
Hi, this is Rob Neeter-Mar, the Florida Panthers in New York.
Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Whoa.
Hi, this is Mark Ferris.
You're listening to Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
That's what I marked there you go, baby.
You see, here's the other station that nobody is listening to what the other end of the dial.
They just went one ear like three, four months ago.
They're going out there already and they got this stuff on the air.
They got billboards up by the way.
Have you seen their billboard?
Yeah, they're not all that great.
But it's something.
Do we have a sandwich board?
No.
No.
Nothing.
Do we have a billboard?
No.
First time.
Don't get carried away.
We can't even get the last 5,000 tiles done on the floor and you got them out of lava here.
By the way, JP, come back in about three years when they finished a construction project out there.
It'll look great.
Yeah.
We're doing it one tile at a time.
So that's it.
That's what you're claiming to fame.
You're coming in here getting all the fences.
Oh, I got a couple of great things in it.
And we got Ray Whitney with his huge pair of no.
My buddy Paul Laws who loves this show.
No.
Why would go around saying, oh, we got him.
No.
No.
Pablo.
No.
Anna corner.
No.
No.
Yeah, Anna corner.
Hold up.
We want to get her and Pablo up together on there.
Together.
He swear.
He will.
Pretty weak.
Pretty.
Mark Parris.
That's okay.
Good there.
Robbie.
Play the Robbie one again.
He sounds really, um.
Yeah.
Light on his toes.
Hi, this is Rob Neumar with the Florida Panthers.
And you're listening to Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5602 AM.
Oh, special.
Hi, Felicia.
Gigi, I love your dress.
And your hair looks so shiny and manageable.
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
Got you.
I've got using head and shoulders a long time ago.
I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway?
Yeah, right.
So what are you using now?
Well, it's light-t head and shoulders only without all those additives.
It's just called head.
Let's tell them about it, girl.
If you tie your down to your own again,
put a head on the camera,
and then you leave room.
And yeah, don't remember what I said.
You'll feel better if you get some head.
Wow.
Where can I get that?
Lots of places, chicks.
You can stop by my place later.
And I'll be happy to give you this head.
In 50 minutes, I'll have you shampooed,
styled, and blown dry.
Gigi, you don't miss a lick, do you?
The head sounds great, but is it expensive?
Not at all, chicks.
I'd rather say there are places downtown
where you can get head for less than $10.
Gally, at that price, everyone should be getting head.
That's right, chicks.
When you say head, you set a mouthful.
Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Bellotti.
I'm from Freedom Island,
and here it tells you why you should get head.
First, it lubricates each limp hair follicle,
leaving in a wrecked listening shaft.
Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root,
leaving your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted.
Nothing does the job like head.
Great.
Can I get head for my hairdresser, Bruce?
Probably.
But you might want to try your girlfriend first.
Go out and get some head for your head.
Get down and the horse goes on all the way.
Get down.
You'll look better and you'll feel better.
Yes, you'll get head for your lucky step.
What hair with lots of volume?
Nothing gets it up like head.
Available or price, you won't find hard to swallow.
And it's going down every day.
Honey, we're out in Sam Pooh.
Can you go out and get some head?
What did you say?
I said I want you to go out and get head.
Oh, thank you.
Sweet Jesus.
I'm going down, down.
And head makes a great holiday gift.
Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head.
Then I gave her a pearl necklace.
I've never seen her so choked up.
My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married.
Now I'm lucky if I get Jurgen's lotion and a national gift wrap.
I'm going to try to see what kind of job she can feel the best.
My son, your son, is in his tower.
You want a pump?
Get your head no longer.
This is why you have your own cat too.
And cat wraps it up, and it's healing so.
And cat lets me know better what I said.
And cat will feel better than you get some head.
You'll feel better if you get some head.
Oh yeah.
Oh god.
Head shampoo.
Come on.
Give it a shot.
Hi, air looks great.
You the map.
We always give you a gift for a gift.
You have ourselves a family time.
Watch it.
S.V.I.N. and get to come on Monday night.
So we can look at other guys.
Since we all have sports and cons, what's the state of the game that we're making?
We'll start with a game flow.
You know that you want to talk, send your burden drops on the pan.
We'll start with a game flow.
And that's my real sportsman.
We'll start our Tuesdays at our favorite season.
Loose.
And that's who gets the blue brigade.
It's Kelly Farming also the true.
We'll get the love that's still been loved.
And my show, who the only good find.
We'll start with a game flow.
And then we'll see how these will feel.
That's something we'll try.
We'll start with a game flow.
And start with us.
We'll start with a game flow.
We'll start with a game flow.
Okay, so let's take back just a little bit about Josh.
He was kind of gracious about it.
We put the two marginal drop in zero on the air.
And I said, nice work Josh.
And as he went out, he said,
eight minutes after one at 560 WQAMC.
We are from Avisgate to join a few of us.
We are Black.
Cut off your nuts.
And through it, we'll tow this apple sauce and some fio bar.
We will pick up your soul on our way through your galaxy.
So as your impact, as we've had,
where all of us is closed into earth,
side to side.
I've been kicked in all black clothes and waiting for our UFO.
And by you and the blue,
you run to the ground and play,
cause we've been walking out with a fake.
And now the same.
Something we call a epic.
I've got you so much in here, please.
Laying down in my top where it's like it.
This is not the existence I wanted.
Someone's gonna find out.
Back back if I can't change.
Our containers decomposed.
I should have been in some scene of Avis,
so do get me some scene of Avis,
so we thought good and some apple sauce.
Shout it to me in the mask.
Oh, stop the rapale box.
We're reaching winter nights,
got shouted,
we waited for Hanova,
we eat for the day of our fire.
The end of the head,
explain now we meet up with our fake,
right on another fake plane.
You know it's ready to go, please.
I know that I have no new recipe for my rating.
Paraking.
Paraking when you're down the sun,
see that you know I'm paraking.
Paraking.
Paraking.
Paraking.
Paraking.
Paraking.
Paraking.
I've done superstitions.
You've got me all along.
I've done superstitions.
Do you like drugs at all?
You want to keep into a hot pot and run away.
You take it, take it,
fall off the fire and run away.
You can leave it at the end.
Hey, you hiding,
I'm hiding from you body,
on a tight,
little fine,
little funny,
little funny,
little funny,
little funny,
little funny.
Hey,
you're still a certain type of wiki.
Hey, wiki,
I'll send this person with me,
and when you scream,
there's yet no proposition.
This girl's a natural thing.
I'm in through the mountains
of the closet where you hide.
Talk for me,
your voice of an invention like a kite.
And your skirt on the side,
you hide inside,
I know who your body is on a tight,
I you my boss,
who's your body 25.
Um?
go and go and have a sniff.
Hey, leave it wrong.
Don't belionia from
hear ,
look through the auto report.
Stanley bleeps panties.
She will never be clearly on a Christmas party.
A Christmas celebration in the ring from our kids' home.
She'll never be from our kids' home.
Red Alana can't feel her longing home.
Her spendbillies are not sea boys.
Wain can't believe the haze they'll jump for joy whiteboard.
Now just a memory can't read.
And then we know nothing ever could.
No, no! We're in a lost-to-dance delivery.
And everybody's not in so...
Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck.
I'm a baby, she's runny.
Well, hell yes, I do.
I'm a baby, she's developed all your time to it.
And I'll just...
Well, I'll say how, she does.
I'll take care of things.
Take care of things.
I'm a BPL fan, man.
But, here we go, not in so.
If the devil ain't not here, best all.
Sure, best with the little goofy dog.
Can you never have them in New York so change?
Come on, while in Illinois, Henry!
We know believe in your yucky fan.
Have some!
We don't be thinking that delicate.
Here we go, up in some...
H-Y-L-L-A-R-Y!
Henry!
Henry!
Henry!
Hooray!
Why do you get...
He goes down...
And all the cuters go outside.
Why do you get...
He goes down...
Everybody's gonna die.
People will find it...
When Burnin' in Pidex, I read that in a magazine.
Is that time before the world?
If you believe it's the end of the world,
It sees our market, crashing our gas.
And the world ain't on the longs of our minds.
Don't come to nowhere.
This heart to be a Jew on Christmas.
Or my friends won't let me join any game.
And I kept it with the soccer decorator Christmas tree.
Or these water-out for root off cutter,
Something wrong with me.
My people don't believe in Jesus Christ's energy.
I'm a Jew, a lonely Jew.
Hooray!
On Christmas!
Conifer is nice for wires in.
The Santa Tesla, my house, every year.
And instead of being in time, I have to recall your life.
Instead of silent eyes, I'm singing new octopsy.
And what the f**k is up with lighting on the f**king head of the tree?
I'm a Jew, a lonely Jew.
Thank you, Claibler.
I can't be married, because I need room.
I'm crazy with my...
Hey little boy, I couldn't help but hear.
Feeling left out of Christmas cheer.
I've come to say that you shouldn't be sad.
This is the one month that you should be glad.
To get light to be a Jew or a Christmas.
You don't have to deal with the things that go.
You don't have to be on your fancy head, or give the charity.
You don't have to go to Grandma's house with your alcoholic family.
I don't have to go to Santa's house with my alcoholic family.
You're a Jew.
I'm styling you.
It's a good time to be in your room.
On Christmas.
The Christmas is over.
The Christmas is over.
The Christmas is over.
The Christmas is over.
The Christmas is over.
The Christmas is over.
The Christmas is over.
The Christmas is over.
The Christmas is over.
wow
huh
lol
huh
You know Jim the Marrying Singh Summit team practice.
I just thought we'd still have you find moments of time together.
Well that's a fine idea. Don't mind if I do.
By the way what is that you're wearing?
It tastes decent to G-string.
Well you look just fine. Now why don't you get over here?
They can be feel like a man.
Alright!
Now take it easy.
Manage come down. I'm tender you know.
I'm gonna start on this field and I'm gonna rough out it all your long down out.
Now man did that told you to take it easy now.
Get off me you fidd you turd brown noser.
You checked out.
Well I've had about enough of this. I'm out of here.
I look for you and always be.
Actual.
Go for it.
Alright!
I'm out of sick car and her vagina she don't mind.
Well you don't know where a stokey goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor door and human horror.
And then I can saw the term Cedarback means saw her naked.
Stars report can lead to go in blind.
Now can he see he was working hard late nights in the overy office working on a practical joke.
You took a nice and noodle for an exploding loading for a moniker was blowing rings a smoke.
Builds the cars and moniker's a ginorm.
She let's out of gay go.
Every time he makes it we go.
Moniker is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a sick car and her vagina she don't mind.
Well people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the linking bedroom she was born and now door was to and her with billed old bond.
Builds the cars and moniker's a ginorm.
She let's out of gay go.
Every friggin time he makes it we go.
Moniker is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a sick car and her vagina she don't mind.
Well can be a city yes a classroom is faster.
Oh yeah.
What you got to do is take a tip over it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
What you got to do is take a tip over it.
Yeah.
Well no.
Don't you tell me to lie.
I love that Moniker big fat died.
The star of positive sex can't deny.
I hate her big and hairy pie.
Yahoo.
Who knew my president's a juice was quartered on you.
Love a Moniker.
I'm an oval child.
I broke that boy sick wheeled his mouth.
Making out with Moniker.
I couldn't have pissed a fat of him.
Oh feeling patriotic and my back holds close.
I'm an old boy nearly joke.
Which is like done my back.
Well it started to scream like a old hell feeling.
Hillary's mass of out of my knee.
It's still a whiskey and dope to race.
It's still a whiskey.
It's still a whiskey.
It's still a whiskey.
Superstar report.
I really can't cope.
I'm the president.
Now the friggin press.
The time is now when I'm coming please.
I like my boobies with cherries can't creep.
The boys on the hill say they may you be.
Or if I get in touch by that two time and late.
Time to hire a cock pretty could ease legit.
If she didn't spit they must be quick.
When the truck is over it's time to blow.
I'm jumping Hillary like an alpha tape joke.
Never slip a Hillary that's all I know.
She's over it.
It is a witch.
No.
To get that out of there the one calling me a bump.
I'm odd a gun fuck but I shut myself up.
Shut up and death to death.
Canc sucking the upstairs.
Excuse me Jenob.
I'll bump if she against it.
This is the Swiss what'siscating Ayam .
Calm down.
It surrender to givem
She get that the going attempts at this though.
You're being dapping dogs, yo black man and wet.
What's up with all that?
Daniel Trent.
Clean it.
The odds are with Tom and his bread.
I got a little sticker that I'm ready to add it.
So I can't start doing Linda Trent.
Checking out the police.
I'm ready to pop.
Or everybody, I'm letting my pants.
Squirt, Squirt.
Eat your ass.
All right, 127 and 560 WQM.
I hope everybody's got their cassette record
is going today.
No.
Ah, damn it.
Check.
Probably should have told them ahead of time, right?
Too late.
Well, maybe tomorrow would be a good day.
I think it will be even better than today.
It'd be spectacular, especially with all those voicemails.
And maybe even some more of those great promos
that Josh got for us, huh?
Language tape, number six.
The convenience store.
Follow along and repeat.
Convenience store manager.
Hello.
May I be to help you, please?
Repeat.
Hello.
May I be to help you, please?
Customer.
Yes.
I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager.
You want a Parliament light?
Repeat.
You want a Parliament light?
Customer.
Yes.
I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager.
Ah, these are Parliament lights.
Repeat.
These are Parliament lights.
Ah, these one.
Parliament.
Customer.
No.
Neither one of those is the Parliament light.
Wait, no.
You did this one?
No, it's not that one.
You want a Parliament light?
Yes.
I want the Parliament lights, please.
You did this one?
No.
The Parliament light?
You did?
No, no.
Can't you see it's a...
No, no, no, no, no.
Over there by the dirty magazine.
Can't you see it?
We're in the laundry, hand.
It's a Parliament light.
No.
Turn this tape over for language tape number seven.
Ordering Chinese food over the phone.
The most controversial movie of our time, Martin Scorsese, the last temptation of
Christ, recently became available for whole viewing on cassette.
Religious groups, lifted the release of the film theatrically, seeking outrage on the
event's home distribution.
And so, for your spiritual education and for those who don't have VCRs at a price
of not movie tickets, we are proud to present live, but one, the radio version of Martin
Scorsese, the last temptation of Christ.
Oh, ah, ah, ah, but want to buy a hot stereo?
Ah, ah, ah, gee, I better not.
I'm OK.
Ah, ah, ah.
And so the controversy continues.
Two names are more over.
But Martin Scorsese, the second one, can take you to Christ.
Good day.
If you really try and help him in a big way, well, there she is.
That's the best.
That's the dumb thing you're wearing.
Gee, unless you pay to pay to me.
Is he taking you off after months today?
By the way, we're doing you.
When that editor is finally, he turns around and smiles at me to get the picture.
Yes, we see.
That's when I fell for the leader of a wreck.
He's not losing and those guns hung it down.
They say he came from the wrong side of town.
They say he came from the wrong side of town.
They told me she was soundless.
Never shake a shower.
It's a change to cow wool.
That's why I fell for the leader of a wreck.
One day my dad said, find someone new.
I had to tell my son, damn, with what you're losing.
You better go find somebody new.
I told him I couldn't wait for him to go ahead and walk away.
That's when he shot me to the leader of a wreck.
So close, I'll touch the death.
Is sweeping the country?
Her album's have been certified gold.
She is Lee Ann Rive.
She has re-solved everybody else's soul and taken them to the top of the chart.
Lee Ann Rive, Lee Ann Rive, how much more can we take?
No, in order to cash it from the start of a 15 year old,
curb records is proud to present the Ann Rive the early early years.
Lee Ann Rive, the early early years.
After all you bought everything out, unfilled and record stores everywhere.
I'm not a real man, I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
Everybody's taller!
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
22 till 2 at 5.60 Q.I.M.
Gotta keep your shots straight here.
There, paint.
I don't think I'm lacking anymore.
You used to watch me shave.
Now you do stare at the floor, don't bare penis.
I don't like to wear a norm.
You used to be you and me a paper towel and a dirty magazine.
That's how it needed to get back.
Now it seems things change that I think that you're the one to sign their things.
I don't like you anymore.
You think they're right.
I don't think I like you anymore.
It's when you get to drink it.
You put me places I've never been before.
They're right next to me.
I don't like you anymore.
Why can't we just get a grip on our man-to-hand relationship?
Time to turn, we're truly how we feel.
If we put our heads together,
we'd just stay over ever after.
I don't like you after all.
Oh, and Rodney, while you're shaving your shave my phone.
There's nothing wrong with our TV.
Our crew from the director is up there.
I asked him what was so up there.
But he ran out of time to do the eye-match.
And then he ran out of time to do the eye-match.
For PC, the P.W. was wondering
why no one ever talked to me with family.
And, especially, if any family will get in business.
We have a program to record a live show.
We have a program to record a live show.
We have a program to record a live show.
We have a program to record a live show.
We have a program to record a live show.
We have a program to record a live show.
We have a program to record a live show.
We have a program to record a live show.
We have a program to record a live show.
We have a program to record a live show.
We have a program to record a live show.
We have a program to record a live show.
Hello.
I've been a listener since 1979, off and on.
You're always entertaining.
But you are in hypocrite at times.
I mean, give me an example.
You used to have from a commissioner from Army Beach years ago
while he was trying to attempt to re-avail his self-beach
and you constantly put him down for that.
But self-beach did in fact turn around and become a real tourist attraction now.
And also...
How does that make me a hypocrite?
other than not always right is that what you're saying yeah the way you are
you keep possibly ready to the guy at the time that's not the fact that
sir do you understand the meaning of the word hypocrite that's not what
hypocrite means it means that you're not always right in addition to which I'd
still rather have casino gambling on the beach than those plastic druggies out
there on South Beach South Beach is like a few blocks of of make believe okay
revitalization because there's a few artsy artsy art deco hotels and a bunch of
drug addicts a long way yeah but let me say it again sir I haven't changed my
mind I still would rather have casinos and have a living in breeding town here
than that but you know this guy for trying to find his efforts to turn it
around with a little so what about it so that that's my opinion and I would
you you want me to have to get some issue and agree with every one of them well
and also you can try to ask now you criticize our stern but years ago used to
play tapes of him saying how great this guy was and you can't your format from
from the talk I want let me let me say it again you've been listening since
1979 and even your critic this is the best part you've been listening to the
show for almost 20 years and you're a critic let me say it again I changed the
show 12 years ago before I ever heard Howard Stern I played a Howard Stern
tape on Zeta one time back when Howard was doing very funny and very good
stuff which we almost got sued for that because they were so paranoid even
though they weren't in the market at the time and Howard showed today I haven't
listened to Howard three times since he's been on this market if you like what
he's doing today more power to you I don't care about Howard I don't like
his show now okay I don't listen to it am I entitled to that sure does that
make me a bad guy because I don't listen to Howard I'm not entitled to criticize
some of the thing that you've done but let me say it again I never stole one idea
from Howard Stern I don't do anything like Howard Stern would you change your
format after like no let me say it again did you hear what I just I heard you
12 years ago I changed my format because it was getting stale and boring let me
say it for the third time okay I had never heard the Howard Stern show in my
life at that point ever so how can I have changed my format because it's a
copy Howard Stern okay one final thing what was the guy they eat the coffee
no sir well why don't you respond to that have you got nothing to say about that
I believe what you say no but I want you to stop and think about how obnoxious
this phone call is okay you've been listening to this show for why for not
from since 1979 for one reason yeah yeah is there anything you like about
this sure there's a lot of things I like yeah but that's not the reason why I'm
calling today what is the reason to critique no there actually one more question
just stick another knife in my back is that it this is not a knife this is a big
guy he's a call you concerning mr. Rochaine or something he's to say something
about Rochaine I have no idea what that is okay this this is from years ago yeah
and this curious have you had any from any information on that guy on what guy
I don't know what you're talking about Rochaine yeah
yeah par-shane he's a car reference something like that I haven't got any idea
okay then maybe I don't have all the facts oh there you go okay have a great day
though sir oh my god
wow and there's one of my fans there's your typical neo-rodgers fan okay he
listens to the show it's very entertaining but he's just got to be critical
because I'm a prick okay let's face it I'm a prick man oh man oh man this is
beautiful it's got to be the heat can this town really possibly be this uh it can
just brutal but you know something like I said I'll take the check thank you thank you sir
for your excellent observations and thank you for 20 years of great listening and now the sound of
hamila Lee breastfeeding on the set of bay watch
oh it's good listen great stuff
well it's good stuff
hmm
he's been through the she-hole watching mom and dad
keeping through the he-hole the most fun we ever had mom and dad were playing tags right there on the
bed mommy was powerful as the teleport daddy's head mommy's head was bogging she almost got whipped
wash I don't know what she was drinking but you got a nutmoss fish they've been through the
he-hole and show what I see what I sure do like he more anything on TV mom and dad were
soothed together like my drinking water what time I saw something like that mom went
yelling at the source god was breathing heavy mom was on her knees he was there's had a
woopoo gosh she's got them where he pees he's been through the he-hole watching mom and dad
keeping through the he-hole the most fun we ever had but we watched a little longer and I started to
get sick if daddy's name is Helmer why mom asked for sick daddy's grown and his eyes roll back mommy
what they're more she's going back on top of him but all he did was snore he's been through the
he-hole has a minute's pass I can't wait to try this out on some girl in my class I can't wait to try this out on some girl in my class
okay it's 11 before 2 at 5.62 I'm Mary Christmas happy new year and all
other good stuff from all our presents here at QA I have no llama Kiel ran out of here so fast
all I did was say can I take a piece it's you anyway is that the salvo's food I bet you're
in he had to go get more I know that was just a little joke I'm not concerned about Miguel he and I are pretty tight
we have an understanding
oh it's on I'm out of here
I'm just a replacement and I made the world a personal mission to have that
we're doing it
I hear Nixiel out without a criminal point of thought
I hear Jetsky out without a criminal point of thought they were all going out with the video drill why not
I think you probably watched that a lot of people watched that Nixiel just
probably would and I don't know if you're holding it yeah and just with that
oh
you
and
oh
and
I'm down on my knees, there's no better than this
I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, you're doing this
I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of my heart
I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room
I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room
I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room
I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room
I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room
I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room
I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room
I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room
I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing
to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room, I'm dancing to the bottom of the room,
Speak to our director of education, Mr. Lenny Martell.
So, do you want me to play basketball?
A watch?
A watch?
A watch?
Yes.
What is that?
For?
Can you say news?
Speak.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
Go!
Go!
Go!
No, I'll take you on a tour.
You need help.
Yeah, we have the go lost beginners course.
Show your hand.
Wait, wait, wait.
We feed after Mima, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Wait, wait, wait!
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Overhand, we have the obsession.
We have the way, we will.
Hey!
I know what you mean. Wait, here you are.
Say, give us a call.
I'm gonna do it.
Who's right now?
We'll be off to meet.
I'm coming.
Wait, wait.
I'm coming.
I'm coming.
I'm coming.
I'm coming.
I'm coming.
I'm coming.
And nobody here we have to act so much as if in...
Ah, ah, ah, ah, and I'll send you a book to a page of 14.
Okay, they have to meet.
And, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
And those who meet in this world, they'll give you a lot.
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Ah, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to
make your wet radio dreams come true.
I mean, a one-one clue.
Whistle, whistle, and roll.
Hi, this is Jeff DeFloris, but Capara Picca knows restauranty.
I think I could food here.
I like it, and it tastes good too.
Heafen bowl bowls of food like clams placebo, super de jolpeci, bisteca alagragiola,
and of course my personal favorite, scallopini, or a fungi.
You can enjoy a fine wine with your meal.
I post it.
