Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami 4 Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We talked to Neil called 560 560 Tull 3 for David Brower for pound 560 on yourself.
All the opinions of Neil, his guests, Paul Azur, anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of no-ject QAM easily read acquisitions
or the Beasley Rogers.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
What is a Buffalo Bill?
The
same
the
higher
higher
higher
higher
higher
higher
higher
higher
higher
higher
higher
higher
higher
higher
higher
higher
higher
here
higher
lower
higher
higher
Bob Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven if you're so.
Ten oh two of five sixty WQ am so anyway let me just start with a good news.
Okay the good news is that finally this usual I'm way way ahead of my time.
I mean a million how many months ago did we have the thing from evercrombie and bitch.
That I brought in the catalog after reading the Jeff Papa which in the
year and her a coons that's what made it a big story not the fact that one of the guys was a real
hunk okay and the brother from the neck down I'll tell you what you're okay Doug from the
neck down from the chin up it looks like you play a mean chin balls about all I can say about
Doug pop of it.
And by the way I'm okay.
If the sun sent in on their lifestyle section today if you've been wondering all this stuff
about Jeff and Doug pop of it Jeff who plays football for you and by the way and is a very
manly guy.
There is a picture there's that evercrombie and bitch you a picture right there on a
front page of the lifestyle section in this morning sun sent muscle models.
And then there's a picture below on which I think you started to get the idea that the
Doug from the neck up like I said plays a mean chin ball but that's about it but nevertheless
good guys.
And we had that on months and months and months ago that we had that available for all
this good information and people are writing it for the evercrombie and bitch catalogs.
Well now you don't have to write it in or go out and buy it because there is the picture
that you were looking for all you fact I mean all you ladies out there there's the picture
you want Jeff and Doug swinging from the old rope doing the old swing from the rope routine
like Tarzan and Ed.
And guess what Jeff just like it's the same picture naked as a jaybird except he's got
those pantaloonies on to come up to about the middle of his back bone that's about it.
About time these macho guys started showing their true colors you know I'm talking about
I think you do.
Before we give you an update on the center one debacle such as it is I'm going to try to
keep you posted every minute of every day if I can find anything out.
Before we do that let me just say this Mike Mayo Michael Mayo remember Mike Mayo who didn't
apologize to Dave Halberstand for suggesting that he get in the lead to us on the air last
year right liar liar your pants around fire but finally it goes to show you if you're
throwing up stuff up in here sooner or later so it'll come down and stick to the ground.
Mike Mayo actually writes a very very accurate column this morning match up proves utterly
boring.
See let me just explain something to you there are sports fans like me I'm a sports
fan having all my life less than I used to be because they've watered it down so badly
and they are with all the expansion and dilution that the excitement level is nearly what
it used to be.
I mean anybody like me who's got the small issues are the Patriots Browns game on Sunday
I mean that was an embarrassing humiliating disgraceful game I mean just and our so our
most of them so all this hoopla all this song of dance all this big you know see the sports
nerds they don't know the difference they can't tell you anything they they have no clue
what's really going on and so they get whipped up in the hype in the hoopla oh we can be
special that's what the J.J.J. says the extra J by the way stands for jailbird I'm going
to use three J's for Jimmy now jailbird Johnson he never met a jailbird he didn't like.
We could be something yeah you're something all right can I can I sum it up in one word
what you are Jimmy and your whole organization your team crap that's the word crap how come
nobody who calls in and none of them maven see I'm just a bag you know I'm the one that
always puts down the sports nerds and rightfully so because they don't know what they're talking
about how come all these experts 20 hours at a station talking crap who did they beat they beat
Denver in their first game who by the way haven't won a game all year they're all in four and in
the second game just like I told you they squeaked by one of the worst teams in the history of
professional football Arizona I mean just the Cardinals are so bad it's embarrassing
just pathetic even with Jake the snake they're a joke and you knew that because they just barely
squeaked by would late field goal in the first weekend of the season to beat the lowly pathetic
minor league Philadelphia Eagles anybody knew that but oh every year it's the same story in this
town with these dolphins or talking super ball that at it and they win a couple of games the right
away all of a sudden they come back there with we could be really really crappy I think it's just
like Denise pot fan said let's use that word we could be really really shitty is I think the word
you know like alley sheedy however he is out of your spell it how does he spell her name
SHEE uh T uh how you spell it something like that that's what it looks like to me
and then they're all calling and then they're all like trying to find excuses and Ossetial
Adesal yeah that was good less than three yards of carry last night my grandma could
carry the ball better than Cecil Adesal okay same old stuff no running games there's no there's
no offense there's nothing you try to tell me that a national football league game is exciting
when you watch the teams you know desperately a first down another first down maybe another one
and then uh sputter out sputter out sputter out sputter out sputter another field goal another field goal
I mean I went to bed before that game was over and thank god for that
I watched the match reds game parts of that oh terminal terminal coma inducing
but you know something I gotta say one thing for the Cincinnati fans they didn't know for sure
until the night before because the game was delayed by rain on Sunday seven hour rain delay
and they beat Milwaukee seven to one that I before to get to ensure that they were in the playoff
for the wild card and the nationally with the meds so they had to sell out all the tickets
yesterday there was none of this oh well you know we only had five days it was a sure week likely
here in this town when it can't sell out of dolphin game 54 000 plus airly seat and riverfront
was sold out last night they had just a matter of hours you know from whenever they opened up
seven o'clock yesterday morning I'm assuming or whenever they opened up the goddamn gates and
Cincinnati they had just a matter of hours to sell that game out playoff game and they did every single
seat how do you like that you think that would have happened here no no in a million years no
that's why like I keep telling you when you listen to the sports crap it's not sports wrap it's
sports wrap that goes on at a station you listen you you know you watch the event yourself and you
listen to these people and you wonder what what are they watching what kind of drugs are they
doing how come they're not sharing it with us what are they thinking about this was a game last night
this was excitement this was the worst swill and all I could think about while I'm sitting there
in the comfort of my living room channel surfing watching back the leaf game nice going air lace
cool cool Joe I'm watching some of that I'm watching the mits an I-late the reds and I'm watching
this crap and I'm thinking of myself thank god it's not me sitting there like a sucker like I
used to on a 50 yard line with the rain pouring down I'm thinking of that rich is sitting there
with a poncho on even a Cisco kid never saw poncho's like they got there with that god the
ball game because they hear these crazy people sitting out there getting pneumonia to watch a
performance paying through the nose 30 dollars to park not just a question of losing this is why
stop going because the quality of the product sucks it blows and the charge people let kind of
money and even when you get the tickets for free even when you get the parking for free to put up
the elements to put up with the drugs and to put up with a crap the bull crap that goes on
forget it I'll stay home and pick and choose and watch as much as I can stomach on TV and that's
enough for me so I hope you had a good time there last night embarrassing we could be really special
maybe we could get a good shrink for jailbird Johnson you think so get him straight in that a little bit
just say some stands for nothing do you be tired of those annoying things on your driveway like oil
rust and even blood I'm old Jason's and all you got to do is give us a call here at the
Waternapper St. Louis service why would check one car I'll send my personal friend the water
nap is your home to remove things from the flow of your driveway with a personal squatting method
and old James water nap is being removed with service no job is too small read kills for your business
not to mention I'm available for bond with some tournaments and charity
and some would be unlucky 1015 at 560 WQM here's a lady in sunny isles hello yes hello yes man
good morning me oh good morning me oh this is Mrs. Tidey our guitar oh it's a crazy lady okay yeah
don't call us okay we'll call you we saw her by the way Saturday at the specs in fact I forgot
about that dimension that was the only negative of the whole day this is a certifiable person
I shouldn't know and as soon as I saw we had a lady like right out of the box I haven't even
said hello yet and I saw a lady on there I shouldn't know that it was not somebody anybody in
their right mind would want to speak to but nevertheless so anyway clear it's in both the
business sections in both papers today and of course the sunset and it'll be just a little bit
more accurate than the earlier they got her right about clear channel is buying AMFM
corporation for 16.6 billion dollars as clear channel eventually belong every radio station in
America because that's the way the FCC likes it monopolies bad for everybody in the business bad
for the audience but good for clear channel and their stockholders now the herald is got her
right because EDR is owned was owned by AMFM but as we had reported to you here weeks ago on a show
AMFM spun that off to an exchange for KFI to Cox Broadcasting our former bosses but the herald
of course is usual the herald just can't get stuff right you know yesterday it had a little piece
even in the kid section they had a piece about 98 degrees but instead of 98 degrees it had
980 980 798 degrees the rock group I mean they did did just and then they had a picture the
stories about 98 degrees but the picture was a picture of the backstreet boys I mean you guys
at the herald do you know anything over there is there anything you can say besides
eeeh besides that oh yeah the deal amounts Monday gives clear channel some of the hottest stations
on the dial including South Florida's WEDR it says no because WEDR has already been spun off
to a Cox for KFI but nevertheless it's and I realize it's just not picking but there you are
again if you know it's if it's in the herald don't ever believe it no matter what it is if it's
gonna if it's gonna if it's gonna rain somewhere in the world today still don't believe it make
sure you look out the window oh they beautiful so anyway getting back to the center one thing
let me give you a little bit of history okay and we're very continue to be mortified suicidal
psychotic embarrassed humiliated but you know something you can only do so much well before I get
into that let me just ask you a hypothetical question now everybody who listens to this radio
station members when Hank Goldberg was suspended which of course the whole thing was absolutely
ridiculous for complaining about that crap food at that ballpark it was right I'm talking about
that was right it was yeah three weeks and of course not only were there memos about it from what
I'm told I wasn't working here then but it was in the newspapers it was all over a TV Michael
Putney to the show on it had Hank on the air it was like a big news story when Joe Rose got
suspended for however long it was couple of days because he bitched out the program director
made him cry I mean that we got a memo about it that we headed on the year it was in the
newspapers it was a story now let me just give you a hypothetical suppose somebody in Greg Reads
Inner Circle one of those untouchables and all we're talking about those four or five people
suppose he was put in a position where he just absolutely couldn't he had to suspend one of
those people you think we'd be able to put it on the air no wouldn't that be kind of embarrassing
I mean wouldn't it be a separate set of standards that you know the high paid people that bring
in the audience they get suspended and they're subjected to ridicule and whatever else
and one of the underlings I'm just again hypothetically if they ever got suspended I bet you we
wouldn't be able to put it on the air no I think you're right I find that very peculiar but again
it's like everything else here we have a separate set of rules one set of rules for all the rest of it
like like I told you before like a kindergarten like a grade school like a little tiny sandbox
with pills and shovels because that's the way it works here no matter how much of a pro no matter
how much of an adult no matter what you accomplish what you bring in here it makes no difference
because unless you're part of the inner circle you got sorrows baby you got real problems
which is why yesterday I guarantee if I would have had a gun let me just give all you people
out there a little piece of advice do not have a weapon do not have a gun
because when you get to feeling like I did yesterday around the 240 five when I got home if I
would have had a gun I would have blown my brains out and that's a god then truth just to
relieve the pressure give her that pressure in your head so bad that you felt like oh if I could
just get a hole in the head like the one that Greg's got if I could just open up a hole in my head
and let the pressure pressure out oh god I feel so much better now that's how I felt
and again all this embarrassment with center one with these CDs and all this mess that's going on
it's not you know it's a directly responsibility of the ineptitude of this radio station because
I'll tell you how it really works all those many many years before we came had the misfortune to come
over here all those many years that we put out the best of Neil for center one and for
our Camilla sauce and other charities the radio station promotion department naturally handled all
the details of getting the artwork done of getting the CDs pressed of getting you know the the actual
hard stuff put together so that we would have it when we went out and get it in all the stores
wherever they were going to distribute it because that's the way it works in a real radio station
a the radio station puts up the front money the key expenses to get these things done which they
did every year at WIO D because that was a real you know undercocks and underpaction both
paction or we never never batted an eyelash no problem at all they were happy to do it couldn't
uh fell over their feet they were so and I'm not exaggerating not being sarcastic they were happy
to do it put up the front money had their promotion department handle your V detail the only thing
we did was pick which cuts were going to go on a CD and a cassette and then I would get you know
make a master give it to George he would you know type up all the information for the label and
then pass it on to the promotion department and they would make sure that it got done professionally
now that's the way it gets done in a real radio station here we came to WQM now you'll recall
that we missed the year for center one while I was in limbo when paction paid me off not to work for
seven months and why did we miss the year that we didn't raise any money for center one in 97
about a beat by the bottom yeah about a beat by the book and the real reason being that they didn't want
we would try found out beyond a shadow without they were afraid that they were going to have to put
up the front money to print those CDs before the money came in before because obviously there are
very few businesses out there they're going to print all this stuff up and you know press all these
CDs without some front money and center one being a charity that operates very close to the
veterans it's not one of those you know where they have a lot of money laying around for fat cat
bureaucrats none of the money goes for that crack is not in a position to be putting out thousands
of dollars to do these things in the beginning so that's why we missed the entire year of 97 and
again it was very embarrassing and very frustrating even after we had been promised that oh yes they
were very anxious to do with the audio and then the excuse one of the excuses that was made was
well that was the first year that this nation was carrying the dolphins and that they had to
prepare the whole dolphin network and for the dolphin and of course you'll recall that that was
the year that they had so much trouble getting the dolphin post game shows on the year in fact a
couple never did get on the year remember that yeah yeah many he members that he was like he was
also ready to blow his brains out I'll recall that very vividly because they couldn't get the post
game show on the year so then we come to wqa m and last year with plenty of advanced warning
there's the station put up the front money to get the CDs pressed in the beginning no no
no niel has to write his check which which quite frankly I mean I don't mind because I write that same
check for the same amount every year and I have for many many years okay for several thousand
dollars but it just it just rubs you the wrong way the idea that you have to put up the front money
because this multi-million dollar corporation that fancies itself as a real broadcasting company
this company is too god damn cheap to put up the front money because we got to give too much money
to john henbie and Wayne and so niel had to put up the front money last year to get those CDs pressed
did the promotions department get involved in the no those things that I just described no no no
no not in any way shape or form manner at all none zero as in totally
zipity doodah zipity a how do you like that not at all so it was left to George this became another
dimension of George's job all of a sudden it's up to George and like I've been telling you it's
like we're operating in a vacuum it's like all of these other people are running around this place
and believe me there's a zedium all those people are here for the niel roger show those people
are here for the sports shows now you got it now you understand those people aren't here to give
any assistance to that show from ten to two that's a constant irritant to us and a source of pain
in the ass even though it's got those gigantic ratings and bringing in all those millions of dollars
in profit so that we can afford to put on these goddamn ball games all the time no these people
are here to assist the other shows not the niel roger show that fancy fancy studio that they
got in there for the morning show and Hank show and for ed cappella that's not for the niel roger show
that's for those guys that's a sports thing that's important
that make believe phantom studio the niel has got well like their attorney said for this company
hey if he's got to do a show out of a phone booth too bad we're paying him a lot of money that's
the comment right that's the commitment that's been made so to make a long story short we had a
record breaking year last year for center one we raised over $150,000 thanks to borders and thanks to
you know a lot of you people out there and thanks to the fact that George did a lot of good work
and we got together with some people who you know did a good job for us putting out a quality
product looked good they sounded good everything was great no problems now we've come to this year
and we've only known now for a long long time I mean we do the survey you're pretty much at
the same time we used to be decent November December January we moved it to October through
December because you know after December after the end of the new year interest used to kind of
tail off after the holiday so we thought that this way doing it the last three months of the year
we'd be able to raise more money last year it turned out that was the case because at the holiday
time it was a real great it's a great gift thing you know and it worked just exactly like we thought
like a charm so once again this year we come to a situation with the station going to put up
the front money no again we're talking a few thousand dollars absolute refusal they will not put
up the front money to print these discs or to do anything for center one they like getting their
name on the CD you know it's right there right there's a little station logo right on the front
they look at some of the credit even though they don't lift a finger a cruel I take that back we
did see the golf tournament I'm sorry about that I won't tell you which finger they lifted I think
was on both hands by the way I think it was that middle digit on both hands that they lifted
that great celebrity golf tournament we want to do something special for you we want to give you
some special assistance so there you go here's this golf tournament let's see if you can withstand
the embarrassment without committing suicide and by the way Duff the drilling that you told me was
going to stop about 25 minutes ago it's still going on just I just mentioned that in passing
now looking to start trouble again today because we had enough of that yesterday but the drilling is
going on again now I was here from a quarter to nine this morning until this moment from a quarter
to nine until five minutes to 10 was there any drilling was there any kind of construction going
on that was audible was there any noise no no and now that we're on the year in this studio doing
a radio show it like that right under my rectum how do you like that but that should be our biggest
problem you know what I'm saying 26 past 10 at 560 WQM to be continued I'll continue with the
ongoing saga of the center one fundraiser in our CDs and the ineptitude and the incompetence
in our brilliant promotion department in a moment this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come
so right in your latest report you said you didn't start okay
we think that push is lying I've said it did a lie so came
laughs
The smell of the cocaine is down in your head.
He's in the lead.
He's in line.
He's in line.
He's in line.
He's in line.
Cocaine.
Joanne, you're a bush that you see.
Cocaine.
No.
He was just definitely a little bit of a thief.
It was really luckful.
Well, now what you're supposed to do, I mean, you can't taste it.
I'm going to give Christ a chance to put that in their mouth.
1033 at 560 WQM.
That drill is getting off the lot right now.
And I thought they only had a couple more holes to drill before they finished with that thing under is what I was told.
Wow, they're going to come to the guy named Florini second.
Squirt, squirt, squirt.
Man.
I don't know if that goes on ear or not.
But if I could tell you, it's like somebody was, if somebody had a pneumatic drill about three inches inside your recto, you might enjoy it, actually.
So anyway, getting back to our story because obviously this has been a good one at great length.
I was lied to again.
I don't want to say that our program director lied because then they'll start breaking out in tears again.
But I mean, it's too loud.
It's just unacceptable at this point.
Okay.
We'll just play music.
Like I said, from 9th from 9th from 825 until 955, there was never a peep even little bow.
Not a peep.
And all of a sudden, it's like they put it into another gear.
It's like, oh, we're going to show that bag of thing or two.
Rrrr, rrrr, rrrr.
And it just like they got it right under the studio, like right under the goddamn door here.
Give it a frickin' rest.
They had yesterday from two, Hank did a show as I told you out from the ballpark.
So from two o'clock till after midnight, they had to do all the hocking and knocking and drilling.
And all the noise, no problem at all.
There wasn't one show out of this building after two o'clock yesterday afternoon until Eddie came on or whoever,
way after the game and the post game and everybody was asleep.
No, let's do it in the middle of the day, right under the fat bag studio.
Okay, to show him a thing or two because we don't like his goddamn attitude.
Crazy people.
Stop holding up the construction, will you?
Oh, that's right.
Hey, listen, I'm doing them a favor.
The slower the construction, the less they're going to have to pay out.
That's the way it works around here.
And by the way, are we making any progress in that construction?
No.
Anything that you can see with the naked eye?
No.
No.
Seven months later and there's still a little nail over here, little nail, little, little, ha, ha, ha, ha.
You have never seen anything go this slowly because we pay them piecemeal, we pay them by the hour,
by the minute, by the second.
And as soon as our $50 is expired, they're gone.
So that will be out of here real quick.
They're probably done for the day after they do the last couple of drills.
So getting back to our center one campaign this year, the WQ input up the front one.
And by the way, now you can tell the story because you did all this and I don't want to get you in a big hot water here.
You and your good friend, Darra.
Since you never learned your lesson, and I try to tell you about this.
I mean, if anybody should know about the sales people here, you of all people should know beside me.
Yeah, that there are a collection of crazy people, but she had nothing to do with this other than putting the meeting together.
Like to tag with you.
She is, she was the Pimp.
She was the Pimp.
That's right.
She's the one that got you involved with these people.
Let us correct these people.
Right.
Right.
With a very glitzy promotional tape.
Right.
Maria R.C. Farthray.
Very nice people.
By the way, we didn't need the front money this year, which even though I did get my check on Saturday, it's specs.
And I could have given it at any time.
I can spare you know the, you know, because I'm going to give it anyway.
But nevertheless, it was very nice that they didn't demand any of all the expenses up front.
Right.
And had a very big conference room with a fancy table and very excited.
Big fans of the show, big fans of everything that we've done.
Right.
Before, can't wait to get involved.
And by the way, Louanne, mind your own goddamn business.
Okay.
And butt out your stupid lion, bitch.
How do you like that?
She calls up here.
Our sales manager, Louanne, who did such a great job on that golf tournament, by the way.
Along with her, our boyfriends did a great job there, sweetheart.
Just stay out of this.
Okay.
Just continue to give us as much involvement in the center.
One thing is you have all along.
None.
Zero.
Zipity, do the Zipity, just open the door and go away.
That's our message to Louanne.
Go away.
Calls up George on the intercom this morning about 920.
And oh, well, why didn't you do this?
And why did you do that?
That's the bad ones you used to people you did last year.
Just what we need is her meddling and interfering once again, just because she's part of that inner circle jerk.
We don't need your help, okay?
Because obviously we're not going to get any of this radio station on our own.
We have our own little project here.
We're going to have to try to resurrect it to best we can.
And we're working on it very expeditiously to be continued in the moment because we've got to get the spots in it.
That's all we're here for is to make sure I mean, you know, I was not going to come in today at all as a matter of fact.
And all of a sudden, a lot of things happen around here.
Rather childish, but when you expect in a sandbox, but childish behavior, when you threaten not to come in all of a sudden.
Oh my god, look, things are happening over there.
I left a voicemail for Greg Reed yesterday afternoon about 245 probably the most hysterical voicemail in the history of the human race and rightfully so, by the way.
That was at the moment, which like I said before, if I would have had a gun, I would have worn my brains out or somebody else's.
Maybe just a little dog, you know, huh?
That never probably would have been your rose to the end.
No, not that little dog.
Although, you know, now that you mentioned it, he's kind of, oh, he's so full of crap anyway.
You know, him and Marina, I think they sleep together. I really do. I think he's sleeping with Danny boy or at least a blow up dog.
Talk about a shield. Talk about I heard about two minutes of that and I popped my CD in the player so fast this morning.
You couldn't, you couldn't blink.
Make it or otherwise. You couldn't blink one 82.
I popped that baby in there so fast in the CD to once I heard his excuses and his shield and oh, his shilling.
But in any way, don't start picking on him.
And look, miss dish, much good.
I wouldn't fall for you.
No.
No.
No.
No.
I don't care how hard you try.
All you got to do is keep alive.
1043-560-WQM.
Before I get back to our center one, by the way, just hang on if you already bought your CD or consider whatever.
Just hang on to them, Tyler, using this coaster or whatever you want for a while.
And then as soon as we get to the new ones, the replacements, which should be, we'll get to that.
We'll swap them for you, okay? Is that okay? Is it okay?
Okay. Thank you.
I just mentioned in passing before I get back to that to show you what about your assholes we have in our local newspapers.
Although it's not on the same paper, but nevertheless, it's in the same county.
In one paper, I guess this is the Sun Sentinel on page 3D today.
Baseball Stadium idea has support. This is in Fort Lauderdale.
They pulled a bunch of so-called leaders.
Leaders. Not just your ordinary peons and taxpayers, but a bunch of leaders.
And like a majority, like it was like 36 to 26.
Oh yeah, that's an idea.
And then 26 of them said,
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Something like that.
And also in a Harold about Broward, though this morning, it says,
schools bursting at the seams again, official, seriously, underestimate the surge of students.
How do you like that?
Classes look big.
I don't know the exact number, but they're big.
Said Ellen Corman, West Children in both Western and Westerns, overcrowded to Quest of Trace Middle School.
The kids just aren't clicking this year, she said, of Western.
Maybe because there were three different campuses in three different cities.
The burgeoning, overflowing school population with kids.
Pretty soon they have a kid go to school in dumpsters.
That'll be next.
But let's come up with some creative ways.
We'll take some car rental money. We'll take some money over here to pass over.
I'm going to tell you, any of you politicians in Fort Lauderdale, including you asshole Tim Smith, the City Commissioner,
you know, that's what you want to be on the phone.
All you people in Fort Lauderdale right now, for days to come, ought to be on the phone.
We can get his office number, okay?
Somebody will call us and get us the office number for Fort Lauderdale City Commissioner Tim Smith.
He's an asshole.
He's the one that's pushing this goddamn thing.
He's the main supporter for sticking a stadium in there, which there is absolutely no place, no way, no how,
that downtown Fort Lauderdale can accommodate a stadium number one.
And number two, the idea that tax money is going to go for it when we have all these kids.
The schools are bursting at the scenes. That's exactly what there's the headline schools bursting at the scenes again and Howard.
And here's a local asshole politician who wants to come up with some tax money.
So can we build some schools with it?
No, so we can build a stadium for our goddamn multi-billionaire.
That must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Shame on you. You crazy person you Tim Smith.
And it's not a question of whose pocket is it coming out of.
It's a question of here's tax dollars that are being raised in the local community.
And you're going to put them for a goddamn stadium.
You maniac. You crazy person you.
You people I'm telling you, you better get on the horn right now.
Get on the phone and tell this man. He better guys take some smart pills real fast.
Irresponsible out of the question.
The answer very clearly, very plainly.
Once you take care of education, once you take care of all the kids in South Florida,
date and brown and Palm Beach, then you start worrying about millionaires and billionaires.
As if we should live so long that that's going to happen here.
Do you want to explain them?
Yeah, what's Tim Smith's phone number? Commissioner Tim Smith in four letters.
728 9297281 9297289290.
Okay, that's Tim Smith, city commissioner in four letter to the governor.
He is the main pimp on this move to try to swing this thing through there.
He's the one to conduct this informal pool to see if they can come up with support to build a stadium to make him a look.
To make him into a hero so he can stick his head way into John Henry.
He's rectum right.
Don't you guys get it? The answer is no. No, no. It ain't going to happen. No.
Even my good friend Howard Plymer, who is calling him in the hero this morning,
talking about the rain and just like all those people that got pneumonia last night at PPP Park
and all these stadium business, he says, hey, he doesn't mind.
John Henry can build it anywhere he wants with his own money.
With his own money.
Not with anybody's tax money. We'll tell you that right now.
Let me say it again. Just say Tim Smith and other crazy people like John Frickin Henry, okay?
John Henry that holds this station hostage with those broadcast fee rights.
Unbelievable. Millions and millions of dollars for direct for crap.
For Swill that most of the so-called sports writers and commentators in this market don't have the balls to describe for what it is.
Garbage garbage. Swill that you expect the hard work in public and go out there and subsidize with their harder and dollars
and can't figure out why you're looking around and there's nobody there.
Oh, let's build this man a stadium. The answer, let me say it again clearly and loudly.
The answer is absolutely F and not. No.
On the same day in the same county, here's one article telling us the schools are bursting at the seams
because officials have seriously underestimated the surge of students.
We don't know where we're going to put them. We don't know where the textbooks are going to come from.
We don't know where the food is going to come to feed them at lunchtime.
But baseball stadium ideas got support. How do you like that?
And where are the editorials, by the way, in both of our local newspapers, these Yoko local newspapers,
where are the editorials decrying the idea that one set of tax money be used to build any millionaire or billionaire a goddamn playground?
You want to build a playground, build it here for Greg and his buddies, okay?
That's where we need a playground right out in the backyard here. They can all sit in the sandbox.
That's right. They can all sit back there going all day.
In partial to monkey bars myself. There you go. Monkey bars, huh?
Which fits right in with monkey business, which is basically what this place is all about.
Monkey business.
So anyway, we're getting back to our center one.
So the first got a lot of stuff here. You know what I'm saying?
Yes. So we got the stuff to them well under the deadline that they said we would.
For these great people that Darra put you in touch with Darra the Pimp. Yes.
Right. Who used to be in our sales department. Right.
And she didn't leave them in real good terms. You know that I mentioned there were very good.
Did I mention that that Luan told us that? Yeah. You know, help the Luan who also says that she tried to get the whole OJ and keeping from showing up at the golf tournament.
Meaning she already knew he was on the way, but nevertheless, what that has to do with the CD that I don't know.
Oh, but anyway, so they sent the masters to the people that actually have to press the disc and insert this leave the manufacturers that I think they sent them masters to a joint, which I don't want to mention their name on a year yet.
But this joint, oh no, no, this is the first joint that they sent it to, which I don't even know the name out of state, but still on American soil.
Yes.
Was going to press the stuff and they started with a bunch of American people.
Everyone has relaxed. Everyone was happy, but these people turns out nobody knew their Christians.
And we will drive this bar of the subject matter on the disc and then they sent everything back.
Bunch of Barbista going, that's why we can't delay because these good Christians who own this company that we're going to press these things in the first place, they heard the material and they said, no, praise the Lord.
No, we're not going to do that. I'll go to hell. That's right. We'll all burn in hell if we push that.
Right.
And now, you know, and so they found a bunch of little Mongolian idiots who farm all their stuff out to a bunch of mountain people in Afghanistan.
And so they sent the master to their plant in Afghanistan or a Bangladesh or wherever it was.
And these hill people, these bottom feeders are the ones that pressed all these CDs and that's why they look so bad.
And that's why they skip and pop and puke and sound like absolute pure unadulterated crap.
And so that's why we got stuck where we're getting sent back and they're going to fix the problem.
And as soon as they know when we will get the new and improved and perfect product, yes, we'll know.
See, that's great. I appreciate the fact that they're doing that.
And now they'll have to go to some other company that can press CDs, right?
But the fact is that we would like, I would like a ballpark.
Like is it going to be sometime in my lifetime?
Will it be sometime before next circus?
Since this circus is already over with, I believe, will it be sometime before next circus?
Will it be sometime before the new millennium?
These questions are crossing my mind because inquiring people, especially those who have already put out their hard earned money.
And especially our dear, see, you know what really just tears my guts out.
First of all, it's a good cause.
Second of all, our intentions are nothing but the best.
Thirdly, we not only had a tremendous number of people show up on Saturday, but the people at specs are not good.
They're great. They're sensational.
I mean, they didn't just bend over backward. They jumped through hoops.
They jumped through hoops of burning flames.
That's how difficult it was. I mean, they went through every effort they possibly could to make us feel at home, to put the display right out there in front of you.
They do a great job. They're in their gun hole more than anybody has ever been in all the years that I've been involved in doing this.
They are really out to try to do a great job for us.
And they did.
The only problem is we were selling a bunch of crap.
So now they, you know, they're in limbo and we got this mess on our hands.
And like I said before, one of the reasons we have to mess entirely on our hands is because our promotion department, when it comes to this show, doesn't exist.
It doesn't freaking exist.
You see, this goes back again to the idea of why in the world would Greg read hire me to come over and work on this radio station.
Unless he really planned to live up all those promises he made in the beginning about the, you know, about the state of the art studio and about having a billboard campaign counting down the days before I came back on here.
None of those things happen. Of course, just like they said, one thing didn't happen away. It doesn't really radio station with a promotions department securing all of these things that we just described you in the tail to make sure that we don't put out something, schlock and crap and embarrassing.
But of course, after seeing a week earlier what happened with the golf tournament, it's obvious that there is no, there's no, in other words, you wonder, what is the endurance level at one point is the embarrassment finally start to show.
There is no such level for this company. There's no such level exists.
Just make the infinity symbol, okay?
And I'm not talking about the broadcast and company either. God forbid. Just make the infinity symbol.
And that will tell you at what point the embarrassment factors starts getting to these people. It just doesn't exist.
And so normal mortals like us who aren't used to this kind of whatever we would call it.
We don't know how to respond to this. We don't know how to deal with this kind of framework.
Without becoming hysterical like I did on a voice mail yesterday and threatening to blow my brains out.
And I guarantee you like I said if I would have had a gun I would have done it.
Every bone and I'm not believe me, I show up just about every day.
Every bone in my face and all of my teeth ache, ache.
And you want to know why there's one word stress.
Stress.
What's the worst thing besides sugar by the way? In fact, even worse than sugar.
What's the worst thing for diabetes by the way? Stress. Stress. How many times have I told you this boys and girls?
Repeat after me. Stress kills. Stress effing kills.
Effing stress kills. No matter where you want to put the effort, it effing kills.
And these people are killing me.
Because they're subjecting us to embarrassment and humiliation and degradation and making us look like I want to assholes while we're here trying to do a job.
That's all. We're trying to do a job. We're trying to give a station a little publicity.
We're trying to raise money for a good charitable cause. We're trying to put our best foot forward out there.
We're drawn in all these people that showed up there on Saturday at specs.
Putting on a great thing.
And thanks to Chris and Miguel by the way, thanks to them.
See there actually are some people in our promotion department who do some work.
If there were somebody in charge of it who would cooperate and do all of these things that I just described.
So all I can do again is say I'm profusely sorry I'm embarrassed. I'm humiliated. I'm degraded.
We've never put out a crap product before.
And anybody who bought the CDs or cassettes believe me as soon as we have the new ones, you'll be able to bring them in and replace them or mail them in and replace them.
I mean, if you came from a long distance away, we don't expect to slip all the way back.
We haven't heard from anyone's that because that's.
Now we have to put it totally different.
If anybody bought a cassette by the way, we sure like to find out if those are also defective.
And I have no reason to assume that they're not.
Because they're from the same masters. So I'm assuming they're also going to have.
I mean, they won't be getting burned in different master for the cassette.
Oh, they do the dad.
The dad master is not flawed.
Yeah, whatever master they made from that.
Oh, so to make a long story short, we're not getting too technical.
If you bought the best of the cassette and you've listened to it, we'd like to find out if those also sound like.
Like that. Like with a lot of compression and noisy and crappy and need to be replaced.
Because quite frankly, as in beer, I know this is also embarrassing.
Do I have a cassette? No.
And if I wouldn't have said to bluff on Saturday, it's back.
By the way, go over there and get me one of the CDs.
And if I wouldn't have listened to it myself, see this is another thing I'm thinking.
What if I wouldn't have listened to that in the car coming to work yesterday morning?
What if I wouldn't have listened to that CD in the car coming to work yesterday morning?
How many more of these flawed CDs?
How many more days and weeks, even though some people might have come playing with it.
But well, you know, it's a glitch. It's the effective one.
Can you just begin to imagine? No.
Someone that bought a cassette, just called saying, it's fine.
Oh, Hallelujah. God bless you. Whoever you are, the cassettes are great.
I think I'm going to turn to religion. You know what I'm saying? No.
I'm going to turn to religion.
I'm going to turn to religion.
I'm going to turn to religion.
I'm going to turn to religion.
I'm going to turn to religion.
We sing just like girls and we're really satisfied.
We're back to work.
Are we made good patients?
Or is it because I'm going to feel you got no clue?
Do you know what bad guy name?
Baby, it's for today.
The South, all around.
If he grew south in the same, he'd be for the name.
He'd be in Georgia. And boy, he's on to you.
She'll be back in time. I'm just like a...
I can feel you.
It's gonna feel good.
All of my skin is just a one-piece, it's plain.
Nothing but me.
I can feel you.
I don't know what you think, but I know this song sings.
Nobody knows.
We're your best of you.
Over asking yourself a name.
Just with the few.
I'm so pleased.
Love it all 4, 5, 60, WQM, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
on the 18P wireless line.
Let's go build a ballpark.
Maybe we won't have enough toilets in the schools.
We can do a little number in the hall here.
What kind of crazy barbaric people with no priorities are we talking about?
I'm not sure, likely, story.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18T wireless line.
You know, I wasn't taking calls.
We had 8 million calls on here.
Now that I'm ready to take some calls,
it's like a Death Valley days again.
Zipity Doodah.
But that's okay. I'm used to it.
I'm used to the South Florida syndrome.
And like I said, Michael Mayo, right on target.
It's about time.
I think this is the first time in what?
About 40 years that Michael Mayo has written a column that made any sense.
Mattia approves utterly boring.
But that's okay.
The sports nerds, they'll be calling each other, saying all the same stupid things for days now,
day after day after day.
I just explained it to you very simply.
Okay. You're talking about the finally achieved parity in the NFL.
What you have are all mediocre teams.
Garbage, swill.
You couldn't pay me enough to go there and sit in the rain last night to watch that crap.
Here's the mobile and cross-bring.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I just graduated last year.
Yes, sir.
I'm not going to say the name, though.
But they have 50% of the batons closed throughout the entire day.
And every time you do it, they go to the bathroom.
When they're smoking.
There's people in the smoking cigarettes and you can't go to the bathroom because there's no room.
Yeah.
And they continue to keep half the batons gated and locked.
And...
Yeah, we'll cut on the door.
We'll put it on in there, you know?
Do they?
I guess you're just going to have to hold it.
That's the thing.
See, the one good thing is that we don't feed kids at school anymore.
Then they won't have to go to the bathroom as much.
Well, exactly.
And then maybe you can just bring along your own colostomy bag, too.
You know, like you old fart, you can practice for being a senior citizen.
It's ridiculous.
Do you want to be?
I don't know when they're going to want to.
But I just wanted to mention that to you and above your show.
And it's going to be a shit.
Thanks a lot, pal.
All right.
See ya.
Yeah, BYOB.
Bring your own bag to school.
You know, you can pee in it.
You can keep a whole bunch of things in it because we don't have any restrooms.
We don't have any food to feed a lot of the kids.
Are these people interested in that?
No.
They don't care about that stuff.
No interest whatsoever.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Pour my heart out here for an hour and five minutes.
I got one call on the board.
You people are just...
You're brutal, man.
You're just unbelievable.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Graduated from the University of Kender.
And what's the constant saduring of over the arenas of the building of the stadium?
Well, what does that mean?
You just constantly bitch about the stadium building them.
If you like to Macarena, you're...
You're just riding on that.
Are you listening to anything that I'm saying here to you?
Is that beyond your ability to comprehend?
I have a brain that's looking up...
I don't get to understand.
You graduated from the University of Bozo is what you graduated from.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, huh?
Blow your ad.
Blow it out your ass.
Immasil.
Moron.
He don't give a crap.
And he wants everybody to be just as stupid as he is.
That's what it's all about.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's the mobile and pop it OB, chill out.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Boy, you hit the mail running ahead to NFL really blow.
It's your does.
Oh, that game last night was just tunnel.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
What is it?
All the games are like that.
Right.
It's terminal.
Well, that's what happens when you...
Why don't we have 500 teams, you know?
Why don't we have six or 700 teams?
Then they can all be like Sandlot teams.
It's just all sports.
You can't enjoy watching anymore because the play is still bad
and the hype is ridiculous.
Yeah, all the big buildup for that crap last night.
And these people don't want to admit, especially the ones who went out there and got in the
morning and sat in the rain for, I don't know how long, they don't want to admit that
they got the hose last night.
I guess, you know, it's kind of embarrassing to pay that kind of money and then pay 30 bucks
to park and go and be treated to an exhibition like that.
Hey, I'm glad to see the dolphins going to be something special.
There is something special, all right?
Thank you.
And my dog left to something special in my backyard this morning.
All right.
I'll be bringing it for Jimmy.
All right, it's right.
All right.
It was real special.
You could...
You could kind of smell it.
That there was something special back there.
It didn't stink as bad as the ball game last night, but nevertheless, it's stuck pretty
special.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We could be...
I mean, the melodrama, 20 years for over acting, Jimmy.
Maybe a little time down the inside.
You can get to know some of your teammates a little bit better.
Some of your players.
Oh my God.
In fact, they said, hey, Dmitrius, they played so bad last night.
Would you like to come next week?
He said, how am I taking a stab at it?
Yeah, well Dmitrius, you might give it a shot.
Thank you, baby.
There's something wrong with our TV.
Our program director is up there.
I asked him what was so up there.
He said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
I said, hey, Dmitrius, you're a good guy.
We have a program in Dmitrius.
Come on now, we win with Dmitrius.
We have a program in Dmitrius.
Come on now, we win with Dmitrius.
Come on now, we won with Dmitrius.
We have a program in Dmitrius.
And this was the ultimate benefit of cracker and Qonet.
He was addressing the body, I think, my crying issuant.
1115 to 560 WQM, speaking of Jesse the body, by the way, what a breath of fresh air and
I'm glad somebody reminded me of this. There is a story in the paper. How do you like
that? They actually put it in the paper I saw it on the TV last night, which was much
more impressive on the news. The only thing is New Mexico governor Gary Johnson, the reason
that he's being outspoken now is that he's been elected twice. He can't run for a third
term. So that's, you know, that always inspires people to be a little bit more outspoken when
they're kind of like Lane Bucks and they don't have to stand before the electorate again.
And then all of a sudden they start saying things that make sense every now and then. Like
New Mexico governor Jerry and Gary Johnson is the country's highest ranking elected official
to lead to advocate legalizing drugs. Oh my God. And of course the DEA people who all of
a sudden have visions of sugar plums dancing in their head as if we're going to be out
of freaking business. They're all vent out of shape about this. He's a crazy person. He
must be out of his mind. He's making two guys that much sense. Yeah. Not only is the war
on drugs been a multi billion dollar failure, but it unjustifiably has thrown thousands of
people into prison while lying about the dangers of marijuana in the Mexico's governor said
on Monday. Governor Gary Johnson, a Republican, kicked off a visit to the nation's capital
by meeting with leaders of a college student group that shares his goal of drug legalization.
Johnson is the country's highest ranking elected official to advocate legalizing drugs
such as cocaine, heroin and marijuana. After swimming two miles and jogging five miles
for his morning workout, then bounding up four flights of stairs to avoid a slug of
celebrator towards Washington University, Johnson told the students that drugs are a bad choice
but people should be allowed to decide for themselves whether to make the decision. I hate to
say it but the majority of people who use drugs use them responsibly Johnson told members
of students for a sensible drug policy. They choose when to do it. They do them at home.
It's not a financial burden. White House drug policy directed Barry McCaffrey and other officials
excoriated Johnson last week after he became the first American governor to support drug legalization.
They excoriated him. His pro drug message runs into the face of all the hard work of millions of
parents, teachers, health professionals, community leaders, coaches and clergy who are working so hard
to stem drug use McCaffrey said Friday. Johnson found a friendly audience in the students on
Monday. Students are in a drug free high school. To me that's a failed policy. Anybody out there
go to a drug free high school? No. Yeah, what a joke that is. How about a drug free workplace? No.
I got news for you. This place they should provide you with the drugs because when you work here,
you need them. There should be a sign on the door. Free drugs. You'll need them.
We are in a bunch of a drug. Don't smoke hippie said David Epstein, member of the group from American
University. As the students hit bottled water, Johnson told them of his drug use as a young man and
his decision years ago not to forego not only drugs but alcohol and even Coca-Cola in favor of
training for triathlons. I was somebody who smoked marijuana in college. I didn't experiment with
marijuana. I spoke to he said. He inhaled. How do you like that? He actually inhaled. I made a
bad choice but even then it wasn't a choice I felt should have landed me in jail. Johnson said he
supports legalization of drugs but under strict control of sales and use and with significant
taxation. Under legalization, Schene Johnson said drugs such as marijuana, heroin and cocaine
should not be available to anyone under 21. Public drug use should be banned. Pemelish
should be increased for crime such as driving under the influence. There are going to be new
problems under legalization. He said by submitting to you they're going to be without, they're going
to be about half of the art today under the prohibition model. Now here comes the best part.
Current drug policy focuses too heavily on imprisoning people by allowing illegal drug cartels
to rake in billions. He said current anti drug education efforts such as the governments. This is
your brain on drugs television commercials amount to lies. He said you mean to say if you smoke a
pin joint your brain isn't going to turn to fried eggs. Is that what he's trying to say? Uh-huh.
You're brought up learning that drugs make you crazy. He said then you do marijuana for the first
time and it's not so bad. It's kind of cool. That's when kids find out it's been a big freaking lie.
You know what we're talking about? Yeah, man.
They're in white who oversees New Mexico State Police's head of the Department of Public Safety.
Told the students that he's unwilling to support drug legalization but agrees with Johnson that
current anti drug efforts are misguided. We aren't winning the drug war. I can tell you because I'm
fighting on the front lines every day. Why it's said I call it a skirmish because that's the
kind of resources I'm getting to fight it as a nation. We're not willing to give up the civil
liberties necessary to win the drug war. Give up the civil liberties necessary. How do you like that?
In other words, a total police state. Total absolute fascism where they come barging into your
house three in the morning, scouring through the entire house and every ash tray, etc and so on.
And even looking in your back, make sure you're not hiding any in there.
So let's hear it from New Mexico governor Gary Johnson.
And of course for our good buddy, our hero Jesse DeBody.
In less than one week, we've had the organized religion exposed for what it is, a sham
and a crux for weak-minded people. And we've had the governor of a state, even though it's
kind of an obscure state and he's kind of a lame duck, nevertheless, have the balls to say,
drugs ought to be legalized. This is a sham. We're sticking a whole bunch of people in jail.
That's all we're doing. Here's Carl Spring, hello. How are you doing today, Neil?
Okay, sir. Good. Hey, listen, I went to the starting game with Panthers, the Washington Capitol.
I was almost a phone out of my seat when they boot me to my ear. That was the most funniest thing.
I'm in Terry Mary. Yeah. Even the summer players were booing them. But any word on the
Madonna if he's doing any better. He's alive. Yeah, did it look like he's going to be
out for the rest of the season? I don't know. I haven't heard any more about it, but it's
sure didn't look good. Yeah, you know, that's just got to stop. You know, yeah. But listen, can you
play my anus for me? 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I got one call out of
board here this morning. Speaking of hockey, by the way, how about those Leafs?
I'm knocking it in for Thomas. Hold on in front of the head.
The fifth day. That very first one of the national hockey league by John Graham right there.
Some of the butterflies that that young man certainly had to have in the city to stomach have
probably gone with that six post-Ave on the first shot. He's experienced in the NHL.
Here at Sunday leading in waiting and tuning and play makes a three-bow.
The seventh and sixth shot.
The best duck being on the rebound and the way it couldn't be folded on that, but the Leafs
captain is on fire. There's a fact to the flip line. Just as the prep and stomach
coming on. The car. Igor Coral left at the side of the net.
Captain, the shot from Carpide-Deb and Igor Coral left who went through all of the
playoffs without being able to play because of injury. Is that rather happy individual now
having scored in a second game back? I'll be honest with that wasn't a very good game either
because the Bruins. As you know, they're in a coma and they'd have a couple of key people on
time, but nevertheless there was more excitement right there. It was two goals. The first two out of
the four. Then there wasn't the entire Dolphin builds game last night in the entire match Reds game
last night. Well, we don't understand who you want to do a lot more staves. They're going to have
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and Delray V. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I tell you that game last night was boring and Ed Kaplan is the biggest
stuff I've ever heard for the team. What did he say? How could anybody make an excuse for that effort?
Oh my god. Last time I called him up and I said, you know, I said Buckley made a few mistakes,
but I've all known all Buckley's great. He never makes mistakes. He blew that right. He don't
make mistakes. Yeah, just like Jimmy don't make no mistakes. And I'll tell you the Jesse the
body statement is the most beautiful thing I've heard and so on for someone to stand up and say
that in the press just makes you have hope. I just can't believe it, but the Dolphin game
sucks. Yeah, well, I'm evidently just you and me. The rest of these people, the cats got their tongue,
you know, and even one of the comms, I forget who wrote this. I think it was a Dan La Bastard.
Oh, they're still super bowl. They still go to win the Super Bowl. I mean, these people here,
you can't tell them anything because they're morons. You know, you put it right in front of
their face and they can't identify it. I mean, I love you. You put 20 pounds of elephant
toppings in front of their faces and then tell them it was a sirloin steak and they said, oh,
yeah, that looks pretty good. Yeah, I agree. I love the dolphins, but I tell you what,
man, that off ends below. Yeah, same old story. The same old teens is every year after year.
I haven't talked to you in 10 years now. Well, God bless you, sir. I love you like a brother.
I'll pray for it. See you. Okay, one call on the board here. I guess we're going to play music
today, which is good. Let my brain unscramble after a traumatic day and a half here with all the center
one business, all this internal shenanigans going on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Very lonely here
this morning. Oh, you're never lonely because we all love you. Yeah, two days we've already lost
the whole audience. Nice, go on, Pete. Excellent job. We're finished. And the dolphins really
stop us really suck last night. I can't believe it. It's so depressing. Yeah. They just people
just hear that they don't understand. I have to agree with everything you said. How can you watch
that and not see what the story is? How could you be impressed by the fact that they beaten two teams
that have a combined record of one in seven? How could you be impressed by that and just barely
squeaked by Arizona, by the way? Just barely got by them at home. I'm I was the propaganda like
this other guy says the propaganda that you hear on this radio station, the cover-ups, the
showing that goes on. It's embarrassing to me. Well, there's a lot of these ex-jocks. It's
in around our radio stations trying to be wannabe and they just suck up to the dolphins like unbelievable.
But I guess my big common is that yes, but I saw something phenomenal in Broward County.
Citizens patrol. They actually had a police car, a next police car and two old guys driving it,
but it was marked called Citizens Patrol of Broward County. Have you heard you think about that?
No. I don't know who they are. They probably have brown shirts and the hippos. Yeah,
probably Ken Jenny's new patrol he's got. And by the way, I see that the the the they took his
pole and the people in Broward are are big on his strong mayor. Thank God that Ken Jenny is lagging
far behind in the pole so far because God forbid that's what he's got in mind. He wants to be the
dictator. You do understand that. There'll be a patrol and everybody's great. What is it?
Okay, whatever he said.
Oh, anybody know what he said? No, does he know what he said? No, 5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 on the AT. I think they're in coherent today. You know, it got to them. Maybe it's
maybe they're still all shluffing out there. Well, we had a stay up late in watch the ball game,
you know, that's important stuff to us. I got news for you. If it's important stuff to them,
then probably they don't really brains out. This is the Neal Roger show.
Oh, this is your blame. Any questions? Hello, this is Mob Doll. You know, a few years ago,
I had prostate surgery. Initially, I was worried simply about recovering. Then I began to worry
about the postoperative side effects like erectile dysfunction, ED, sometimes known as impotence.
Also referred to as whiskey weiner, Lega Lent, soft surf, down periscope, wildly wily,
glass and flagpole, head and south, spaghetti fendrome, went biscuit, you know, ding dong,
the witch is dead. But there is help. You need to see a doctor with a little courage and
stopper treatment. He can help you achieve an erection, sometimes known as a boner. Often refer to
as a stiffie, hard time pocket rocket, granted gum drop, concrete creiller, roller quarters, a
chubby, pitch and attack are being harder than Chinese algebra. And when you do get help,
there's no reason to be ashamed because there's now hope for men and their partners.
Hope that they'll soon be able to have intercourse. Sometimes known as sex, often referred to as
the Humpty Dance, bumping ugly, hiding the salami, putting the uprights, the dude's thick buggy,
getting some honey up, matching that, you know, taking a trip to the mom. So remember,
it's a little embarrassing to talk about, but with a little courage and a few creative
you, pymisms, few too, can leave behind the soft rock, get yourself some hard salami,
ride the baloney pony into a bright new future. I'm Bob Dole. Thank you.
It's 11.32.5.60. Here's the fact that it says Kudos to Al Michaels who last
light on the ABC, I'm running a football said pro player stadium used to be known as Dura Robby,
but he built it, but like everything else, the name was sold for big dollars. In addition to
football, they also play amateur baseball here as well. Five, six, seven, oh, by the way,
Betcha Hank's gonna be having a long push today. It looks like the triple crown is going from
ABC to NBC, NBC got the rights. What's that all about? Oh, God, I sure hope we're not gonna
have that dick inberg. Oh, man. I mean, there's some people that used to like, you know, about
a hundred years ago like dick inberg. Here's a call from Woodbury, New Jersey. Hello.
Yes, sir. Okay. I just listen to you guys on the computer here about last night's game. Right.
Talk with them guys. I mean, I'm in a dial fan for 30 years. They suck. They look like the
Eagles over here. Uh-huh. I mean, you know, they know offense, same like you. I was just listening
to past couple minutes. It's the same as the last year and year before. Every year, they're
the same thing. They keep telling us they're gonna have a run in jam. They're gonna ever run again.
And this year was this X-con. You know, he's gonna be the biggest easel of these all at all this
little crap. He had his lessons three yards of carry last night. Yeah, I was watching. I watched
the whole game. The one hit on the was Conrad, I think, is 44. I can't remember his name right.
That was, you know, it was a good hit, but he sort of sort of slowed down after that.
Yeah. I mean, I saw this kid a couple times, a couple games that I get to see up here.
And he looked good to me. I like Cecil. No, and, uh, well, I mean, I'm not asking if you want to go
the dance with them just in the car. You can like it. But, and totally more. What happened to him?
I saw a highlight for the Cardinals game. And I think it was the Cardinals game. He seemed to
make a catch down the sideline and slow down around out of balance. Well, the word you're looking
for, sir, is mediocre. That's what you got out there. These are guys that are making millions and
millions of dollars and they're kind of, they're feeding on a field. Like I said, I used to have season
tickets right on the 50 yard line. Some of the best seats in the entire place. I went for five years.
I paid for those tickets with my own hard earned money. And I finally gave them up. I said,
hey, give me somebody else because I will not go out there for that crap. Right. Exactly. And
I was going to fly down this year, bring my son down. Well, what a good move you made.
Besides pneumonia, you would have had a mental hernia. Yeah. I mean, this is, it started out so good.
And a defense. Well, what started out so good? Well, the season, well, last night's game,
anyway, how do they play? Let me say it again. They played two teams who have a combined record of
one and seven. Yeah, I'm talking the last night's game. Yeah. It seemed to start out so good. And
then they started with the field goals. I don't think it started out good at all. I mean,
both teams did the same thing. Drive down a field, kick a field wall, drive down a field, kick a
field wall. I mean, jeez, that's his boring is watching paint drive. Yeah. Yeah. You get a point
there, but you know, I thought one stat in Johnson was supposed to be a one two punch here. I mean,
yeah, they're, they're punching out right now, I think. Yeah, this is getting ridiculous.
One one stat just to parole officer. You got a wrong pal. He just said that's kind. Okay,
listen, have a great day. All right. Thank you. And Kirstik, round you didn't come down for that
crap. Do you imagine somebody that would have come all the way down here for that last
night? Yeah. Got in the soaked to the bone. Yeah, but you've got to be a real fan here. You
don't understand. Yeah, I'm a real fan. I have to start to set through that San Diego playoff
game years ago in a pouring rain pouring and driving rain like a maniac like an episode. You've got
to be a crazy person. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, I got to call us from an advertising agency. I talked to me about the marlins. If I would
subsidize a stadium, fill for them. And of course, they asked me if we would mind if we
tax the tourist as well. And I said, no, I said that if they're shortcomings, we would have to pay
for it eventually. I didn't think it was fair that we support a private business. I don't see
anybody going out there supporting me for my own company. Right. They asked me if I would go out
there. If they build a brand new stadium, I told them, no, the only way I'd go out there. If they
put a good product on the field, I'd have the product stocked. I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Yeah. And they also asked me how did I feel when the previous owner destroyed the team. And I
would say I told them that I did something a little bit. When the previous owner destroyed the
team, right? Exactly. So just wanted to let you know that they're out there doing advertising
or not. They're marketing and they're trying to find out. Good questionnaires. Well, maybe,
you know, if they would just tune on this radio program and hear about, maybe they'd save a lot of
phone calls. Hi, great. Okay. Nice. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line. Here's a mobile
informed lottery. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm best of the day to you. Hey, the whole, the whole
dolphin history, flashing front of me last night in one single statistic. I saw on the screen.
Total rushing yards for Dan Marino lifetime. 90. Yeah. That's it. Well, I hate to break the news to
you. But the quarterback isn't supposed to be the one who gets all the rushing yards. I
realized he's a statue. But the fact is that there've been a lot of great quarterbacks who were
statues also. So that's not what it's all about. It was at the least it was a fear that they could
do something like, you know, a flirty step side of the pocket. There's a chance that you could do
something. Right. Marino. Yeah. You're not going to do it. You're not going to do it. You're
not going to want these marino bashes. They want to blame him for the reason that they lost that
they stuck with you and out. Even though, of course, he didn't have a good game. But you're going to
blame him. No, but I can see that it's fine that we get from diversity in our offense.
And he goes, no, diversity. I think football changed a lot in 17, 17 years. Yeah.
So you don't, you don't get it. People like Joe Rose, you haven't been listening closely enough.
Danny's going to play until he's 90. Don't you understand that?
Yeah. I will. Hi, man. Yeah. Exactly. Thanks a lot. Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Anybody know what he's talking about? No.
Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. The downside is the dolphin season's over. The
bright side is only six months, full opening day for the Marlins. Tell your promo department to
get John Bulls to say, we have a chest to meet. Bash off. We get big, big,
bad show this year. Yeah. I'm out of material. We only lost 98 games. Maybe don't be so bitter
with negative, man. We only lost 98 games. The people that franchise that own this guy,
the M station. They have the mortgage on this joint on our lives. The Marlins.
We could be really, really special.
Sounding like a man who, you know, like Renfield from Dracula, like a man who needs to be
putting the goddamn straight jacket somewhere. Now, I'll bet you have your last night. He ought to
be in a straight jacket. Stop trying to pedal a hype. Okay. You're not fooling those of us with
a brain. Okay. Maybe some of the mindless masses out there. The sports nerds, the dummies who are
looking for excuses. It's a crap product. It blows. I had more excitement just farting in comfort
last night. That's right. I just sat there and right there at the TV. So that's my idea. That's
my response to this ballgame. Oh, yeah. I felt so good about it. We're delicious. I have my nose
where you fudge back in. I'd be raw. I'd be raw. I'd be raw. I'd be raw.
Even I sound this way because I have my nose inside. Oh, J's. I asked.
What you do, Danny? What you do, Danny? I can get that microphone down a little bit.
You got that.
Old gay disease is a direct result of chronic cognitive effect. You see, you think so much you
better endure this while, people? If it goes, he's a job. You folks like me, how I play
to girlfriend have an indirable fetish, what I do is I'm done and done and done and things with
exposed jobs. That by close and personal. You know, Jay.
So let's get to your mobile.
Find out where you're at. Oh, Jay disease. So employed at that position. Please.
Roy. Where are the experts? It's 1145 at 560 WQM 560 705 60. By the way, speaking of the
Echin's diet and the 2020 last time which I didn't see, I'll need some information on that.
So yesterday on channel surfing and there's that cow who by the way is up to 220 pounds.
So say the tabloids, but she must be wearing all kinds of, she must be wearing like a straight
jacket. Not just a gruddle and like, seriously, they got to have her wrapped in something.
Oprah. And you notice by the way, since channel four got Oprah over there,
everything on that station now because they're desperate, their numbers blow, everything on her.
Oh, guess what? Oprah had a real good BN today and we're going to be telling you all about it at
5 o'clock on the news. And Angela Ray is going to be laughing about it. You go, girl.
If she did. But I mean, they're just obsessed with Oprah. Everything they talk about, talk about
shameless, shilling and crap desperation. So anyway, she's got the hellers on there who wrote this
quack. You know, everybody in their brother has ripped off Atkins and has got another low-carb book.
But what separates the hellers from everybody else is they have this binge meal you can do.
This reward me or whatever they call it. And I'm going to tell you, it's the biggest
pilot craft. You talk about leading people down the path and of course, Oprah's eyes are
lighting up like a pinball machine. And it got this big plate. Here's a bunch of chicken.
I mean, she loves the chicken. You know, oh, yeah, fried chicken. And here, this is the reward
meal, you know, you go, girl. Not right there on the floor. Fried chicken. And then there was
some asparagus. And then there was a big thing of macaroni and cheese. And she says, oh, you can
also have a baffle pie with ice cream. But if you do that, you have to balance it out so you
have to have more fried chicken. And Oprah went, all right, all right. This is the reward meal.
This is how you learn, you know, see, I'm convinced. I know that this sounds crazy. I'm convinced
you just got to stop eating. You know, I mean, just eat just, I mean, minuscule amounts. That's
the only thing it's going to work for me. I have tried everything with standing on my head.
And then of course, you come up with a day like yesterday when you're ready to blow your brains out
and express eating a kicks in from this place. I got the opposite thing. Thank God. No,
in the beginning, I got that I was, I was so neurotic inside. I wasn't even hungry. I couldn't
think about eating. And then a little later in the afternoon, all of a sudden I thought I made
my run to publics and just, you know, ice cream and this, whatever. Why? I'm just telling you,
that's the way it was. And it's going again on the scale. Tilt. All I did, no, no numbers,
just letters, T-I-L-T tilt. It said, you fat cow you. Here's a mobile and sunny aisles. Hello.
Sunny aisles? Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great.
DeGio Rose is unbelievable. He was sucked and blown to the hardest one and I think his forehead cave
didn't. You know what I'm saying? I turned it right off because I couldn't believe, because I saw
most of the game and I couldn't believe the crap he was talking. It was unbelievable. It's scary.
I was at the game and I didn't know they could fit 70,000 red necks in one stadium. A lot of wives
got beat up last night on the way home, I think. Probably. Hey, one more thing. What a suck up job. That
one. Yeah, that's what Miami gets for Buffalo Rand OJ out of town. That was their first on
the Rand in my town. They shipped them down here. I heard him and JJ were golfing this weekend,
so they get. So out of material, Neil. Okay, good deal. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line and
see. I'll say it again. I've said this many times in the past. The people in this town, they don't
know the difference between being a sports fan between liking the team and knowing whether your
team is good, mediocre or blows. They know, they think that if you're a fan, you have to lie to
yourself. You have to delude yourself. Oh, where the best. We're number one. That's being a
fan. No, that's called being a moron. That's called a sports nerd, which thank God for the sports
nerds or this place we've been playing Hungarian, Missouri, 20 hours a day if we're
on the sports nerds. Here's sport Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. That's several comments about
the first time caller. All right. Got several comments on the the game last night. There was one
time. It was at the head of the first half, but they they had a first down. My army did inside
the the Buffalo 20 yard line. Yes, sir. And they ran free plays and they they didn't score that
they get to field goal. That was either the half. Right. And I had several buddies over here.
And to watch the game with me. By the way, nice job on third down guys last night. One for 14.
Let's hear it. Let's play, baby. That's what it's all about. That's being really special.
And I told my buddies that said, you know, we got one half to go, but they don't deserve the
that's right. They didn't even try to get into the end. So I mean, Marino, he threw it one time
into the end zone and connected for his only touch. Yeah. He didn't even try to get into the end.
So right here. Any other times. He doesn't throw the balls on the field for good.
Yeah. Man, they made that comment last night. And speaking of speaking of man, they tell you
listen to the entire broadcast band. They can watch his name. Yeah. And man, they always
wait to comment about the bells. He says, oh, the bills, you know, with Ted Washington,
and Bruce Smith, for those other big guys, they'll they'll belt out under my maybe he. Yeah.
He always says that. Uh huh. It never happens. No, never happens. Well, it's a whistle thinking.
You know, he's under a lot of stress. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Right. I'm glad they had a good time.
But I hope the food is good. One of the comments I want to make.
You know, I'm setting home. It's it's the only reason I would listen to the show.
As far as I'm concerned, this show stinks. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Okay. He's at home. That's
the only reason he's listening to this show. And as far as he's concerned, this shows things. Thank
you, sir. That was that. That was great. And I love the way he said it, too. Do you like that?
That was beautiful. Uh huh. Thank you. And guess what, pal? You think you're as boring as a dog poop.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. Here's the guy who's home who's so bored. You know,
something that bull I was talking about before. So excellent. Today would be a good day to check it out.
Give it a shot. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, um, you know, I'm down here listening to your show for the
first time. I'm actually living Tampa. Yeah. And I'm from I'm from here. And I've always been a
dolphin fan. Yes, sir. And I got to say, you know, it could be far worse things. I think that
I think marino is one of the greatest quarterbacks ever. They and I think his games changed a lot
since he doesn't really have receiver. He just has drug dealers out there. And I mean, they bring
him in from the best jailbirds that money can buy. Maybe I'll say that right now. Well, you know,
that's the interesting thing. You know, Jimmy seems to be someone that likes to bring back the
drug dealers and drug addicts. He never probably didn't like. He's obsessed. In fact, he's really
jealous. Lawrence Phillips is playing out there in San Francisco. You know, and it's really,
I can't believe these people that just get down and look at all the quarterbacks out there. There's
not a lot of. You got to understand. Please, you got to understand this town, no matter what you do
for them, it makes no difference. There is no question. Not seriously. You know, I don't do a
sports show, but there's no question. Dan Marino is one of the greatest quarterbacks who ever played
the game. And in this town, year after year after year, it's the same argument. I mean,
granted he can't play forever. And yes, he had a bad game last night. But the fact is they didn't
lose the game last night because Dan Marino had a bad game. That's not what they lost the game.
Hey, any day any day, Miami wants will trade Dilfer and 17 players for Dan. No, no, no, no, no, no deal.
Throw in throwing Bob Lasseter. No, no, we still won't take it. Okay, let's have a great day, pal.
Thank you. And good luck to you guys. We'll leave it. Thank you.
They suck five six seven oh five sixty. I mean, this old stuff, you know, Danny,
boy, you suck Danny, no matter what it is here because nobody in this town really, you know,
I appreciate anybody's performance. Now granted, what, now what is that?
The student that met with that governor guy.
Oh, I thought for just a second, it's that was one of the hellers that I was just talking about.
I was just talking about the hellers that were on Oprah.
Here's the drug guy. This is Sean Heller. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you?
Pretty good. How are you? I'm doing well. Yeah, so I met with Governor Johnson yesterday.
Yeah, did he have any good stuff on him? Yeah, a lot of good stuff on him. All right.
Governor Johnson's right on, you know, and that's what we're trying to do up here in DCM from Miami.
My dad heard you talking about the governor, so it gave me a cough. Right.
And yeah, I mean, I've basically been working in this stuff now for a couple years now because,
you know, I realized that this is a non-partisan issue that everybody's afraid to talk about
openly and truthfully. Right, because America's been brainwashed and of course, when you've been
an Amsterdam 10,000 times like, I have, and you realize that in the Netherlands, they deal with
this intelligently and openly and honestly, and they don't have a real serious problem. They don't
have like gigantic portion of their population in jail because of drugs, then you realize how the
population in the world, in the US, I mean, and right here in DC, 50% of young African-American
males and any given day under criminal justice supervision. All right. I mean, it just baffles me.
Yeah. And so, um, that sounds good though. That's not a bad idea. At least you'd be safe anyway.
Well, I don't know about that. If there's sparksers in jail, man. But, uh, let me, uh, real quickly,
this is something I think that you know, by the way, understand that's where Jimmy's going to be
recruiting for the dolphins for next season. Um, I think there's something that you might
be doing in prison population. Yes, sir. Go ahead. I'm sure.
Pretty interesting. Uh, the Drug Free Century Act is a provision called criminal attempt, which is
being put forth by the Republicans. And, um, this provision says that if you consider committing
a drug offense, you think you'd be charged in throwing in jail for committing that offense.
If you consider it, if you think about it, if you think about it, so it's thought crime.
Well, how about if you have lost in your heart, shouldn't you be, uh, how about attempted rape?
Well, I think that's how much you had Carter straight to jail. He had lost in his parts.
But, uh, yeah, Neil, glad to hear that. Uh, you're willing to come out on the air and talk about it for a long time.
Yeah, man. Well, listen, now that the governor is going to have, you know, he's going to complete it as a second term.
He can't run again. He should be the anti drugs are you guys should, uh, you know, hire him, sign him up.
We will do. Okay. Come to do at least. Okay. Keep doing it, Ron.
Visit www.sustp.org. Okay. Thank you. See you. Good luck. Bye. Bye.
Okay. There's a young man. It's working hard. He's working feverously.
Not this crazy. The so-called war on drugs. Crazy people, man.
Oh, yeah, let's fill the jails. You know, here's another big drug bus. Are we impressed by that?
No, no, it's a bunch of crap. You know, go arrest some rapists and arsonists and child molesters.
Go deal with stuff like that and leave the poor weed people alone.
We don't intramaker in the care of being.
They got the best of her that you ever. All right. Ask anybody in the table.
I'm going to tell you this country where the country will be put.
Here's the man has some he want to sell, and from my own way, you can detect the smell of smoke.
Okay. Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke. Okay. He light up the splint and smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke, the gun to be good.
Dale Gunn, we carry lots of earth in the gun to stack, smoke it every day until your lungs turn like.
With all the money that we have made, Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American tourists on me here and say, got nothing like this in the US right this smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke, the light of the split and choke, David and the puff and choke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke, the gun to be good.
Dale Gunn, we carry lots of earth in the gun to stack, smoke it every day until your lungs turn like.
I'm the teller son you are a raster man.
You like to smoke the giant split whenever you turn.
Many people coming here for miles around, so bite the earth from you, bite the ounce of dick down.
Raster man, say to her, mama, you right, the gun to be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke, the light of the split and choke, smoke, gun to smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke, the gun to be good.
You turn, come on.
It's a 1204 560 WQAM 560 705 60, pound 560 on the 18 T line, Hank will be a cool city today between two and six.
You got talking baseball with Donnie B.
I first looked at the schedule and I saw talking baseball with Donnie B and like a chill went up and down my spine.
Not because I was thinking about Donnie B obviously.
No, seriously, but I thought, oh my God, I thought we were done with the Marlins.
I had like almost broke out in the cold sweats.
Talking baseball and then of course we got to play off, baby.
The Rangers and the Yankees from ESPN Radio 735 tonight.
Oh, talking baseball with Donnie B and I'm thinking, oh this can't be.
Can this possibly, can this be happening to us?
No, it's not.
If you join us late, let me say it again.
Center one, the CDs and the CDs anywhere are going to be repressed.
We're working feverishly with the people who did this thing and they were sent to a bunch of lunatics in Afghanistan somewhere.
And the CDs are the disaster.
We apologize profusely.
We apologize to our friends at specs, but there are no more being distributed and we'll let you know the next day or two when you can replace them and when you can start buying them again.
An absolute unmitigated nightmare again.
And I will say one thing, okay, and all fairness because I OD on the center one stuff they were great, but no, no place is perfect.
No place really giving you the kind of support you need and the thing that keeps coming back to my mind, talking about having nervous breakdown.
Were those great trips to Vegas?
Oh yeah.
Those great days, those great trips to Vegas when they just hung me out to dry.
Right, Bobby?
Bobby Green hung me out there to dry right on the line.
Why do you want to do it? You want to do it? Your idea?
Yeah, my idea. Bad idea. Never again.
Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello?
Two.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
First time caller.
All right.
I'll sweet it is from Buffalo and I was very happy to watch this.
Wonderful.
I got news for you.
That's incredible.
You want to struggle?
You won the game, but you got nothing to write home about.
Either was a pretty embarrassing game all the way around. It was craft.
Okay.
It was okay.
It was, I mean, yeah, if you win, it's okay, but it wasn't a good game.
Sir, okay.
Okay. That's the other that there's another brilliant sports fan.
It was okay.
It was not okay. It was a crappy game.
It was not a good game.
I mean, Jesus Christ, like I said, can't you at least be objective?
Is it possible?
No.
I mean, just a little bit honesty, please. No.
Go back to cheek, a wago, okay? Stuff it in your cheek.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and I was pulling for the bills to win a game.
I'm not a dolphin fan.
Jimmy makes me want to puke.
Jimmy makes me want to get my hands and knees and puke.
Jimmy jailbird Johnson.
I can't stand him.
We could be, we could be special.
We got, so we got a shot.
We got a shot.
Yeah, you're a lot of your players know about shots.
All different kinds of shots.
Some of the arms, some in the head.
We got a shot.
If you won, hey, we're powered to you.
If it makes you feel better and a lot of the human being, okay?
If it kind of redeems your feeling about yourself as a living and breathing creature.
It was a crap game.
Michael Mayo, like I said, even though I still can't stand you like poison because what you did today,
help her stand any worse because you lied on this show on the phone and promised you'd write a retraction or an apology.
And you never did.
And spot all the millions of words of a swill you've written in the meantime.
Write on target today, Michael, hold the mail.
But by the way, never tell you an answer to them what they put on the french fries.
Match up proves utterly boring.
Never had, and that's the way the headline was.
He didn't write.
That's all you have to read.
You don't have to read all the rest.
Terminal.
And I also agree with him that on Saturday, there were like any one of a whole bunch of college games that were for more exciting and entertaining than that swill that we saw last night.
I mean, that was pure unadulterated beyond the shadow of it out.
Yeah, beyond it.
Right.
Like I said, here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Long time list, no first time call.
All right.
All right.
You know, I have two things I want to talk about first.
I want to talk about the dolphins, and I want to talk about Jim Johnson.
Yes, sir.
Now, first of all, I think it's really, it's very early in the season.
I think it's kind of premature for everybody to come down to the dolphins, you know, like people are writing them off, you know.
And if we remember back then.
No, we don't look, sir.
Let me, first of all, I don't do a sports show as you know.
But I'm talking about this because I did see the game last night and because I'm listening to a lot of other people talking crap.
But the fact is, it's not a question of writing somebody off.
It's a question of being objective about what you've seen so far.
You know, you and I can sit here and conjecture, which I'll lead to the sports news shows.
We can conjecture about what they're going to do, what they need.
I'm not interested in that.
No, the fact is that they have played three games.
They won two games against horse crap girls teams.
And they got their ass kicked last night when they horrible performance that nobody, they should have got to give it a refunds at the door.
Yeah, you're absolutely right. They played horrible. No doubt.
But I think this room for improvement, that's all I'm saying.
Now, on Jimmy Johnson, now people are saying that he recruits what so-called...
Terminals.
Terminals out of jail.
OK, I understand this, but Neil, people are such hypocrites.
Now, if you remember, now back I think last year when he passed up on Randy Mars to drive a...
A.V. Johnson, people in this town blasted Jimmy for passing up on Randy Mars.
When Jimmy knew the reason why he passed up on it because he had trouble pass.
So now people are saying very hypocritical about this.
I mean, now because he goes in the...
He signed up, he took on it and a few others were...
Yeah, and then he's just underwood, yeah.
Yeah, and now it's not a problem until they start losing.
Yeah, I guarantee.
And Lawrence Phillips, yeah.
If he drafted it with Mars.
I'm not sure it's been a problem all along.
See, at least I'm consistent because I really don't care if they were ever win another game.
I'm not sure, at least I'm consistent.
It's a problem.
It's a bad message to the kids out there.
To go after all the scumbags, the worst scumbag on the face of the earth.
And to reward them by giving them chance after chance after chance.
Some guys, especially guys like Lawrence Phillips, he's had 100 chances too many.
Yes, I agree with you 100 percent, but Neil, you have to understand.
And he's the death what he has no choice but to do that.
And you're not going to be a coach in NFL for long if you cannot produce, he's going to win.
Look at what happens, don't you, a couple years ago.
You know, he put up a crappy team and then...
Last time I saw him, he's not missing any meals, he's doing okay.
I don't have to take up a collection.
Have a great day.
I think he did.
Maybe I'll write, he'll survive.
56705 60, POM 560 out of 18.
T-Line 10 pass noon at QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Sound sure.
I f****** sound.
I got to look for something else to do.
Well, you know Jim the Marriant seems I'm a team practice.
I just thought we'd still have you find moments of time together.
I didn't lay down on my gun.
Well, that's a fine idea. Don't mind if I do.
By the way, what is that you're wearing?
Taste isn't a G-string.
Well, you look just fine.
Now, why don't you get over here?
Make me feel like a man.
Alright!
Now take it easy, man. It's come down. I'm 10th, or you know.
Put a sword on this thing, and I'm gonna wrap it all you longed out.
Now, man, did that told you to take it easy?
Now, get off me to you.
Did you turn round, noser?
You checked out the...
I've had about enough of this. I'm out of here.
I love for you, will always be...
That is a...
He's not missing a meal.
12.556, you know.
WDQM.
5.6705.60, POM 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's POM B.
Hello.
You're in there. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Let me just ask you. I'm probably calling you last week.
I'm just curious. Why has your radio station constantly hopping on this OJ Simpson guy?
You know, I understand if you ever personally issue with the guy that's fine.
You know, but it just seems to drive on and on.
You know, the guy...
He's coming in the fence.
You know, I think it was a hop...
It was an offensive murder to people, you know.
Yeah, it was a hobo fence.
But the reality is this.
You went through the process.
You found out guilty.
Why can't you be guilty?
I'm out in a civil trial.
Was he found out guilty?
Okay, in the civil trial?
He's paying for that.
No, no, no, no, sir.
He is not paying for that.
He's supposed to be paying for it, but he's not paying for it.
Instead, he's running around playing golf,
living the life of Riley.
Certainly.
He had expensive restaurants,
while other people who get caught with a pin-jewet are sitting in jail for 20 years.
Do you think that's justice?
Let me ask you this.
Him playing golf.
What effect does that have on your life?
I don't care.
He can play all the golf he wants.
But when he plays at our charity golf tournament,
like he did last week, where he was specifically uninvited,
when he keeps sticking his nose in the bar of business here at this radio station,
then it does affect my life.
And then I will talk about it.
Otherwise, if I never heard his name again, it would be too soon.
No, no, I'm in.
Believe me, if the man is meddling in your business,
then it becomes an issue for you.
That is absolutely correct, sir.
But I think this man was invited to participate in that tournament.
No, he would know he was not invited to participate.
So you're telling he just showed up at the golf court?
He was invited by his personal friend.
Roar!
But he was not invited by the radio station.
He was specifically uninvited by the station.
Okay.
And so, the guy was invited, left spinner,
a whole week talking about this guy.
When reality, there are other issues that you really could have been brought to.
Sir, his name hasn't been barely out of separate couple of comedy,
but I haven't mentioned him today at all.
Oh, we're all advanced.
It was dedicated to the guy.
Well, this is this week.
Okay, it's Tuesday of this week, and you're the only one that's talking about him, sir.
My hysterical racially upset friend.
5, 6, 7.
Let me say it again.
He's a murderer.
He's a scumbag.
I don't want to be associated with him.
And neither does any decent person at this radio station,
underlining the decent part.
Okay.
Which we have a few.
Get a brain pal.
Get with it.
And next time I need any advice as to what subject matter to talk about,
I'll call you.
Give me a lead Georgia number.
I'll call you and you let me know.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and Oakland par, kill him.
Back to the football issue.
Football issue?
Yes.
First of all,
What issue was that?
I didn't know we had a football issue.
You're totally wrong.
It's never even rained last night at the game.
I don't know what game you got.
You're rain for hours before the game.
You're raining and windy at the end.
There were a lot of people there who got their, who got soaked up to their ears.
Yes?
Not the game.
Yeah.
Okay.
Glad you had a good time.
And...
And...
Get off the football.
Oh yeah.
There you go.
There's that same jackass again.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Put the same guy with the stadiums.
And pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
You're a moron pal.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
You're a sportsman.
People who usually abuse sportsman
Isn't it me?
I'm giving you some extra pets.
That's why even chord."
Mexican has a 10 per unit homeless
capel.
the center and I'm doing my best to get people out there. The Kings are much improved by the way
they won their game last night in St. Louis 3 to 2. They'll be here tomorrow night and I have a
feeling. I mean I hope everybody comes out, it supports the Panthers but you know something you
put a crappy product on the team year after year and you keep jacking up the prices, jacking up
the prices and guess what? A lot of people stay home. Hope you don't understand why.
You open up a restaurant and you serve crap. Are people going to come back? No.
And you promise you put big signs up, you put big ads on TV, the most delicious,
succulent, mouthwatering cuisine in the history of the human race. Come on in for a really
great taste treat. And if people come in and taste like dog droppings, which quite frankly I've
used that expression a lot. Never tasted dog droppings but I've smelled them and I think I'll pass.
I've smelled them and then next time you go there you walk by you're not going to go in because
you don't want anything to do it and you're looking there's a menu outside and you see they've raised
the prices. Same great food but just slightly increasing prices. Are you going to go in? No.
No, not unless you're a mental defective. Mental defective sounds like some of the sports nerds.
Alonzo you're so big. The pain from leg makes games go down dog graves.
The way it explains his pain is my pain from pain.
Who's made sports in cotton dames? It's way, it's way, it's way.
Who's acclaimed has gone down in flames? It's way, it's way. The shape of
brain was paid upon my brain. I think it's profit. The strain from way made
stained inside my face.
Oh my god. 1231 at 560 WQM Hank will be at the cool city at two then we got the Yankees
in Texas playoff tonight. 5607 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I don't see I think
that's a great analogy that I drew. Restaurants serves of crap food, raises the prices and then
it can't figure out why you won't come back. Here's Miami. Hello? Yes sir? Oh, I had
and watched a pro football game and about 10 years but somehow I watched the last period last night.
garbage product and you know you laugh at the product because it's so damn artificial and you
cry for these sluckers who were there who somehow think adult victory is going to improve their life.
I will say this is not as artificial as any of those Miami heat games and everything that they
surround away. The plastic is the word you're talking about. It's embarrassing. It's just terrible
and Jake McDonald blows. He blows. He's better than the guy that they had before in the radio.
But he was just in here this morning. I was having a nice chat with Jake's. Well, he's a nice guy.
Well, I don't think he's that good. And one more thing the Kings have a really good play
this look perier. I don't know if you've seen him. Yeah, but he's very good. Yeah, they're boring
though. But that'll be great game tomorrow night. Yeah, we'll be there. Thank you. I see you.
I shouldn't have said that they're boring than people. Oh, see Neil said they're boring. No, come on.
No, come on. To see Palm, El Burie. We don't give a crap about the Kings and Luke, Robatai and Joseph
Stumpel and those guys. We care about the guy named Palm, El Burie. That's what we care about. We love
you. Panther. Don't we? Some other panthers. Come on. Let's hear it. I'm listening. 5 6 7 0 5 60,
on the AT&T wireless line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got to agree with
you on the one hand that I wouldn't pay to go out and subsidize that professional scam out there
every year because they're about as loyal to fans. Why should the fans be loyal to them? You know,
they're not loyal at all. Yeah, they're the highest bidder. But I just agree with you. The fact that
last night's game was not entertaining. I had a ball in the fourth quarter. I stayed at home.
I had a ball in the fourth quarter watching the football team run around those guys.
I was in bed. I was long asleep by that. Oh, it was great. My favorite team.
Why they put those games on a nine o'clock? I mean, why, you know, all the ratings were down. They
tried to eight o'clock. You know, something. Life has got to be more than just fricking ratings. I
realized they paid a billion. God, they end dollars for the rights to it. But Jesus, almighty.
Who in their right mind watch this day up in 1245? What a clock at a morning to watch this stupid football game.
Well, especially when the two east coast teams play in there. I don't really need to run it so late. Right.
But my favorite team is whoever's playing at dolphins and I just love it the next day with all the
chock sniffers of work. Oh, yeah. We're all crying, man. They're all crying.
Okay, pal. Never great. We love you. We're visiting team. Whoever you are.
Because we know the dolphins ain't going too far.
5, 6, 7, 8, I mean, you know, if you had a really good team, I'd say, okay, they're great.
They're guys see Super Bowl. I smell deep into the playoffs. I smell something. I smell something. Oh,
man, who are you kidding? And the guys on this radio station, I mean, right down the line. Oh, yeah.
Cecil, listen, this one, that and Jimmy, you know, something. Oh, give me a break. It's just
another like you said. It's a gay club. They're all taking showers together. They're all a
little squeezing it together. Well, here's our good close friend, Tim Smith. Hello. Yes, hi. Hi, Tim.
Is this Dale? Yes, sir. Yeah, how you doing? Hey, I understand you're giving out my home phone
number to the world and they've been calling me. And I thought that was your office. No, that's
why anybody's home number on here. That's my home telephone number. We apologize for
fusing. Okay. Well, I think you're giving out some marrani's information. I thought I'd call and
try to clear it up. Okay, please. You know, nobody that I know I was talking about any taxpayer
funded ballpark in Fort Lauderdale. Yeah. Well, the plans are being floated are talking about either
user tax surcharge of on baseball tickets. Yeah. Or maybe a penny increase per dollar in the hotel bed
tax. You know, hotel bed tax and the car rental tax that's still tax money that would be raised by
the accounting. Well, it may be, but it's it's a it's not a local taxpayer funded effort. And that's
what these people that are calling their think and that we're talking about raising property values.
No, nobody has ever said that. Nobody has ever said when they call me Neil. Well, they
they must be, you know, hard of hearing, I guess. And another, but let me say it again, you know,
in the same even though it's in a different newspaper in the hero today is the article schools
bursting at the scenes in Broward again. And official seriously underestimate the surges students.
We've got all these overcrowded schools. We've got all these kids go to schools in portable classrooms.
And the idea that any politician in date or Broward is advocating raising any kind of tax revenues
to go to build a multi-millionaire stadium is. I think that what we ought to be doing is raising
taxes to get more money to the school board. Is that your opinion? Well, I mean, that they already
waste quite a bit of money out there. Neil, their budgets billions of dollars, regardless if we
have a school problem, I don't know that raising taxes to give more to the crystal palace as the
crystal palace. That's where a lot of the money is wasted. You know, have you ever visited the
school board headquarters there? By the courthouse? No. It's about 15 or 18 story tall, beautiful,
marble and granite. So in other words, what you're saying is that the politics are so corrupt and so
hopeless in South Florida that no matter how much tax money we raise or give to them, we can't
improve the schools that would you say? I think that we need, we hope that the till will be more
efficient with the tax hours that he gets. But I don't think it has any correlation to try and
to put a ballpark in the Fort Lauderdale in a very impoverished area to try to have a redevelopment
area. You mean like downtown Miami, where the Miami arena is, where they put a ballpark that's
all about downtown Baltimore, where Camden Yardges has thrown down the ballpark.
Well, Lauderdale isn't Baltimore, Tim. I mean, first of all, there is no access. There's no way
to get, it's already congested. There's no way for that people to get. There's also a plan for
that, Neil. And I wish that I had gotten with you. Maybe I could have come on and explained
with the way I hear the plan developing. And they're talking about, well, what do you mean the plan
developed? What is that? Another list that is already going on.
Citizens group that is out there that has brought this plan to the city government.
Well, who are these citizens? Well, they're people from the Lauderdale's
company and people from Edsa, which is an Edward Stone and company. And there's a bunch of
citizens that just think this would be a great way to redevelop a very impoverished, poor
hard-hit area of downtown Fort Lauderdale. We can't seem to get anything to happen in.
So they come to the government. They said, you know, the fall part is going to land somewhere.
It's going to infuse 300 million dollars into some area. Why don't we see?
It's going to infuse that part of our dollar. It's going to infuse 300 million dollars.
Now let me ask you this. Who's going to pay to subsidize the ballpark after it's built?
Nobody. It's going to pay for itself. I assume.
You assume? Well, don't they always?
No, they certainly don't. The ballpark they built in San Diego is going to run $9 million
to your deficit. And they're already saying that before it's even built.
Well, you know, the way I understand most of the ballpark shake and field and turn and field
and Toronto and all those other ones there. They're very, very much better.
This isn't Cleveland or Toronto as you know. No, Lauderdale, Neil Buckley, but let's let's
let's go ahead and review this thing on the facts. And that's let's let's go.
Let me take care of the facts. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is.
No, then I've never threw any scare tactics. Nobody is. Nobody is. Nobody is. Nobody is.
Nobody on the whole world ever said the property taxes were going to be raised. You can listen to
the tapes. Nobody ever told the public that. In fact, I read from the story that's in the
Sun Sentinel on page 3B today, where it specifically talks about the car and hotel surcharges.
It says nothing about property taxes.
The people that call me say that they hear that I want to raise their taxes. And their taxes
will not be affected when I owed them. No, no, no, let me say it again. Let me make it very clear.
I happen to oppose any tax money being used to build a stadium for a multi-millionaire.
It's on a kind of the people that's your opinion, Neil. The people have to understand that what
it would mean is a penny per dollar for tourists that come in and stay in our hotel. Uncense
per dollar. And they don't think that your radio program this morning, they're thinking that it's
not. Let me say it again. Not by my radio program this morning. Maybe by their own stupidity.
Maybe because somebody told them something else, but not through anything that was said on this
radio program. I wouldn't listen to them so I can't say that honestly. Well, shame on you.
You know, I've gotten to it. Did you gave my whole number out?
Well, I apologize for that. I ask for your very popular guy because they won't call me at your
say. I asked for your office number. I would never give anybody's whole number out and I apologize
for that. That's fine. Maybe you can correct that. Get my office number. And I'll be glad to call
them back. They're not leaving their name and numbers. Some of them, they're so furious
thinking that their property taxes will rise or calling me and hanging up and not leaving their
name and numbers. It's not just not fair. Okay. What's your office number? 761-5003.
And I look forward to calling back each and every folk that want to know what the plan that's
being developed and bring brought to the city government, what people are saying.
Okay. Thanks, Tim. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. There's a four-lettered
LCD commissioner, Tim Smith. 761-5003. That's the right number. Some Jackass calls here with a
home phone number. We don't do that. We don't play that game. But anyway,
we responded, which I appreciate. And nobody ever said that it was going to be your property taxes.
But again, you got a lot of dummies out there. You got a lot of very stupid people.
It's tax dollars. And I don't care where it's coming from. I don't want to see any tax money
used for it. And by the way, if it sounds really great that the school situation is that hopeless,
it sounds like we got the best politicians that money can buy on that school board.
Can't get that thing straightened out to save our lives?
Man, that's all the more reason I'd like to get more tax money so the politicians
didn't get diddled around with it. And that group of concerned citizens.
19 before a lot of sure hope there ain't no special interest involved there. I'm sure there are.
No. What is play pills would it treat?
I'm saying it's written by it. This is for the family that we call the twin stores. The car is made out of
China's store phones. There are paid right out of history.
Fred Wilma, Betty and her husband Barney. Fred works all days out at the quarry.
Will the handle's pedal to know the story?
Devin Sino and BamBam and Mr. Sains and the great Kisu.
It wasn't that great. It stopped the car with the three gold feet.
And it played the records with a bird's big beat.
Some days maybe Fred will win the fight and that's a cap to stay out.
For the night when the boss acts as brothers on the birds rear end.
The episode ain't over. It just began. I hope you dig my three historic lies.
So turn on the tube and have a gay old time.
Yeah, but never do. Yeah, but you never do.
Fred Barney say it's right.
Friday. Yeah, but never do.
Yeah, but never do. Yeah, but never do.
Fred Barney say it's right.
Party.
Code 45 at five sixty W to QM.
I just I don't know what the laugh would cry.
You know, I asked Tim Smith about who's going to pay just like the American Airlines arena.
Oh, you don't have to worry. You know, Mickey Harrison's put up all the money,
which number one has to lie. But number two when Adirina winds up losing its ass,
which it possibly can. The tax payers and they'd cut it.
The ones are going to have to subsidize it in a city.
That's a basically bankrupt at the state keeps threatening to take over.
And the same thing will happen there and all, you know, all this business about
wealth and just get the retractable roof, a dome stadium.
And then we can afford to go out and put together a competitive team.
Yeah, like the royals and the Dodgers, right?
With that $80 million payroll losing their ass game after game.
The people in this time are going to support that.
No, no.
And then what's going to happen?
Then who's going to be left with a rubble there when it turns into a losing proposition?
What are you going to do then?
Who's going to subsidize it?
Jacob's field my ass.
This ain't Cleveland, okay?
And Toronto, what else has got to do with Toronto?
The Skydome has built out a goddamn lakefront.
It wasn't built in a slum.
They didn't renovate any part of town to put in the Skydome.
There are no slums in Toronto.
And the worst thing that I hear, and I don't want to get anybody panicky,
is these concerned citizens who are getting together,
sound to me just like what always goes on in this town.
Behind closed doors, they've already got this master plan drawn up
where we're going to have all these roads and go to all the roads
will lead to downtown Fort Lauderdale to the stadium.
That's going to be there.
Not to mention all the people who are going to be displaced by the way.
If you think that John Henry is going to be the panacea
for Fort Lauderdale boy, you got a real thought coming.
He's just looking for the biggest sucker we can find.
Who's going to give him the best deal?
Give him.
Who's going to squeeze it out of whoever?
He doesn't care where it comes from.
He doesn't care whether it's tourist money,
you're money, who's money?
That's all John Henry cares.
Who's going to make him the best Skydome offer he can't refuse?
All this propaganda and bull crap.
Let me say this also, if the Broward County School Board and the day
if all the school boards that was in F as Tim Smith just told us here on this
radio show, why aren't the local politicians screaming bloody murder about that
instead of wasting all their time trying to
concert with this multi-millionaire to help him get a stadium built?
That should be the number one priority is the kids
and getting a decent education system that people can be proud of
and having people walking around on this talent like you bigger than their penis.
That's what people ought to be concerned about.
Not building yet another goddamn sports facility.
Pretty soon we'll have a stadium in a ballpark in every street corner here.
Like the frickin Miami arena.
Anybody seen any sporting events there lately?
No.
How the Matador is doing.
How's that new WNB18 doing?
Crazy people and their play toys and they want somebody else to pay for it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
Going twice.
Adios.
56670560.
Palm 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Now how you doing?
Okay sir.
First of all that guy should be ashamed of himself or even wasting his time
discussing the baseball stadium.
Second of all I found out in my life that there's one thing I know and you'll
probably agree with this based on some of your dealings at the radio station.
As soon as somebody comes running to you with this plan that they've taken their time and
energy to work out so that it's going to be wonderful for you.
What it really means it's going to be wonderful for them.
Right.
Of course.
It's called self-serving.
That's it.
He shouldn't even be discussing this.
What did he let John Henry worry about the stadium?
Will you go worry about the things you were elected to worry about?
And to give me that sarcastic thing about the crystal palace and the
what kind of an answer is that?
Well, we've got a response is that.
In other words, there's nobody else.
We're just kind of like left in limbo and the kids are left or whatever crap they get
from the school board members.
Why isn't he out there instead of calling me about that?
Why isn't he on a goddamn local news?
Why isn't he being quoted in the newspaper this morning as saying that instead of wasting
his time talking about a baseball stadium that's supposed to save downtown for Lauderdale?
Because that's his interest to talk about a baseball stadium and it didn't his interest
to hand off the ball about the school system which they're destroying anyway.
Yeah.
Do you have a comment I didn't even call about that but you had this guy on.
As far as your overall view of the NFL football that's going on is correct and the proof
and point was there were five games available this weekend on TV including Sunday and last
night's game and there were only one good one this year.
Small, small dish, all of games were available.
Well, I mean if you have the small dish, yeah, but I'm saying from you know there were five
games available over the weekend if you don't have the small dish and of those five games
only one of them was any good.
You know competitive and a pretty well played game.
I mean these guys, how can how can they be out there since July practicing four hours a day
and play like that? How is that possible to call yourself a professional?
And then to be getting the kind of salaries that these guys are getting.
This is the thing that really calls me is that professional athletes getting more and more
and more money. Nobody can ever give them enough and finally thank God this year.
Finally most of the owners in the national hockey league have gotten together and they finally
have decided okay we're drawn the line. We're not going to get sucked in so that we all
wind up drowning and choking on our own excessive salaries and they've said no to a lot of these guys
and if you don't want to play like you know like Glenn Saylor said to Mike Green Edmonton,
enjoy your retirement okay. That's the greatest line I ever heard in my life.
I hope you enjoy your retirement because a million dollars a year wasn't enough for this kid.
And so far specifically on the dolphins there seem to be a couple of guys that are above this
criticism and it's this guy Gogue and Indomaly. They're paying these guys pretty big money.
And for my money they couldn't push you out of the way. Yeah. Let's go in on with that.
Nobody ever talked. It's always you know Marino or Martin or OJ or this way.
It's never about to have soft these guys off. Don't say OJ that guy will call back again.
Sorry. Okay. Have a great day. Okay.
Oh wrong. OJ. See my I know what I think of mine. This is where OJ I might think about changing.
You know like to BJ. 5670560 pound 56 on the AT&T wireless line. Those BR numbers here.
Nobody cares by the way about the your school's busting at the seams. Nobody gives a crap about that.
That's why they are including the politicians. Nobody makes any noise about that.
Pretty soon like I said before your kids will be going to school and guide them dumpsters.
Make no difference. Somebody sit in that. Somebody sit outside at benches.
And if it rains while we're bringing the ponchos like a devol park.
Nobody gives a crap about that. The important stuff is baseball. I say to my ideas. Got support.
There you go. That's what it says in your paper this morning.
There's an endless supply of money. And so the school problem isn't money. Well let's find out what it is.
Let's find out where all that money is going. And let's do something about it. What do you say about that?
Tim huh? And all the other people that got your nose up the John Henry's. What about that?
What about becoming a hero for the kids in these towns in in Dayton, Broward County?
Instead of running around and concerning with this spoiled brat multi-millionaire who's a goofball
who's a silly person standing there in the middle of an empty stadium,
counting the fans and getting and pointing them to better seats.
What I want to choke? What an embarrassment is somebody I know would say.
God. Somebody somebody sent me and thank you by the way because I had thrown those out.
I want to frame those. Those pictures the day that he was on a front page. Not just of Dayton,
Broward, but all three newspapers even upon each post he was on a front paper out.
Front page in his empty stadium looking like a like a lost suckling.
Oh yeah how about sitting over there?
You're a silly person baby. You're a businessman. You're a bad businessman. Maybe you got lucky
with your commodities investment but you're a bad businessman John Henry. You bought a pig and a
poke. You bought a bad deal. And now you expect the public to pay you out. Well screw you man.
The answer is still. Here's a mobile and dear field V. How you doing Neil? Okay sir.
Yes as far as the doping in goes last night. I just really hope that Don Schule is laughing
as that's off right now because yeah after the way Jimmy Johnson lobbied his way.
I know he set him up for it. Don't forget he set him up. He went on Fox TV the year before
you know Schule got canned. He goes on there and he set him up. Everybody knew it.
Oh yeah they got the talent. They should have no excuses if they don't make it. He set him up for
the kill and then he came in and he showed them people here nothing so far. Well he came back for
one reason because that because this corn has a chance to be special. That's right. Yeah I guess
the mystery. That's what they're saying in an entry. Well I guess I did in that day the bear
the same thing. Okay well. All right. We got a chance. We really got a shot.
I mean you know I look at that and I think I mean is this man like losing it? Is he just is he
having some kind of a breakdown? Is he I mean I know it's a it's a promotional thing and he's
doing a little bit of acting here but come on get with it get real man. We got a shot.
Here's a mobile in West Palm. Hello. Hey Neil God. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Great.
Good. Hey I'm not to believe it is football stuff. This topic but I don't know if you've
talked about it already or what but about the high-speed candidate hopeful for peer work.
You hear about that? Oh yeah Peter Warwick by the way he got some cheap suits I guess. They
talk about cheap suit. Yeah. Have you got a little discount there in the minstere? You're
getting a little questioning either for being a suspect or witness. They don't know yet. They
won't confirm it but you got a high-speed candidate here looking to sign a big contract in a few
months. Yeah but a bit less face it that's pretty petty stuff compared to what most of them
are he didn't kill anybody yet you know. Such egg. You think the dolphins will trap them?
I think if he's found guilty I think so I think he's got a good shot. I think he's got a shot.
All right thank you. Yeah. He's got a shot to be something special to be a special sparser.
And by the way what kind of a school has got a guy named Peter Warwick and a guy named Warwick
done well okay I've heard of Dion Warwick. Do you ever hear of anybody named Warwick? No.
Not on this. Maybe they just made me Bobby Bowden just goes after guy's name Warwick.
I mean nobody else finds that unusual just like extra hip or x-ray hip or whatever that
sparser's name was that basketball player. In fact we're going to be doing a whole show on that
very soon sparsers with strange names.
Oh boy it's the one to two hours.
Was
a
to
say
they
was
to see
all right 1d
is
Foreshore again
Watch out now
More
We have been
I
One oh three we believe it do we believe them? No well one oh three of five sixty WQM
So anyway if I were a politician, you know, let's say in Fort Lauderdale
And I owned a piece of property in the 700 block of Northeast Fifth Terrace
Which is in the middle of that depressed area that our friend Tinsmith was talking about before I probably we be a very concerned citizen too and
Be working feverishly to try to get together with whomever possible to get something done
To like upgrade that area to increase my property values
Wouldn't you? Yeah, oh in the 700 block of Northeast Fifth Terrace. I just mentioned that you know rhetorically
Just in case anybody knows anyone who owns property in that area
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello, Neil. How are you today pretty good sir?
If I can I just a couple of points anything you like man
First of all the arrogance is mr. Smith that when when the issue of clarification came up to the taxation and where it would come from
As soon as you raised the fact that okay fine
I wasn't a property tax issue. It was never said
This point was well. It's not a property tax as you said we shouldn't count
It's still tax it's not just
No business asking for right already got carl plates on taxation to begin with number two
Anyone who notice anything about sports teams or franchises knows that when property developers look at issues for taxation like Jacksonville
They did a study was even
Committed on nightline that is the same revenues were pumping the local water areas for transportation
Shipping and domestic there'll be more jobs of a higher revenue scale placed in a more permanent base than
almost below average
Minimum wage jobs and as you as you're talking about for in connoissee baseball right and
And it's even more than that the arrogance of this guy the way he seemed like hey, you know what?
Broward they don't do a good job with their money anyway
So why aren't we entitled to try and take those tax dollars and do something better with it?
You're just not and I'll be damned if I'm gonna
Anybody who does not get involved with this do not let it happen from a concerned community deserves what they get right amen
Thank you just say no
He's pissed off and fired up baby 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 only 18 T wireless line
And
Did I just read that editorial here are not too many days ago?
Not an editorial I only wish it was on the editorial page but an article from the op-ed page
Documenting the fact that rarely rarely is there any significant revenue raised?
By placing ballpark in any of these areas in minimal to non-existent
Here's Tom B. Chillow
Okay, sir
I just want to give that to me and I got him some like a real schvinter muscle and the funny thing about that was he compared
But I would call it a Toronto right. I mean that doesn't take
I wonder if he I should have asked if he's ever been in Toronto
All right, and I know the quick question about hockey
I haven't had a table because I'm moving I was with did they did the bronze sign behind the phone?
No, that's our problem didn't sign him and they didn't sign the Demetri Christich and if you would have seen the way
They played in Toronto last night you would have cried and this kid that they played I can't think of his name not talus
But the other goalie they got he played great. It was his first game. He ever played in the NHL
He stood on his head the least outside. I'm 16 3 in a first period
It could have been instead of four nothing it could have been like 12 to nothing to Ronald and a bronze reading looked bad
Well, I had big hopes on this year. I is a still chanting son to fold back or he wants four million here
There are a million dollars apart
All right, well, that's a lot of time. Okay. Thank you. I'm again like the guy said yesterday
No, Harry sendin who is a cheap bastard, but the fact is you say you got to draw the line somewhere because if every sport gets to be the same way in five ten years
They're all gonna be out of business all your sports nerds out there. You're gonna be sitting around playing tittley wings or playing with each other with yourself
Because you know, it's not a deal where the sky is the limit. They've already they've already outpriced
The majority of the public can't afford these prices to subsidize these these rich illiterate assholes
At least the hockey players most of them can speak English except the European players right Terry Murray. Oh, yeah, I was speaking was come on
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
That's why we like Terry Murray. He may not have him play it at their best, but he's got him speak in English
Oh, he's gone Terry you idiot
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello, Uncle God. Yes, sir. How are you great great show making a big comeback sir?
Sounds good. Listen, did I hear you say a little while back that Ed Hill was gonna be on the radio down here? Yes, sir
Ed freaking till that's right
Isn't that embarrassing another one of people who's great discovery?
Yeah, I remember listening that jackass up in Orlando on that hill building talk show up there
This guy's gotten fired in more markets than any ten people I know put together and then he was out in LA for a while
I heard uh-huh the worst talk radio I've ever heard
Anyways, and we've been regards to that bushy-eyed
pencil neck deep John Henry. Uh-huh. I
Think you just reached in his own pocket. What you think? I don't think you'll find anything, but okay. Thank you
Just take a look at him. You think there's anything in this pocket. No, no, not deep down in there
Maybe in his bank account, but not in his pockets
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line eight minutes after one a QA. I'm heck will be out at the cool city today
And then of course we'll have Donnie be talking baseball to get ready for the baseball playoffs at least the baseball playoffs ought to be pretty good
How to be pretty entertaining?
I mean baseball is a very boring sport when it's I mean like last night. Oh that met's red games so disappointing
I mean after that tremendous conclusion to their seasons and and the terminal. I mean no little content
It was over the second batter. Here's a two run homework at the end of the game
Well, at least the playoffs in the series usually are something to get excited about as opposed to the other
160 or two games. I want to bang in the butt, honey
What would it do if I had normal food?
You can't run when I
Oh
I don't have to try
I only had to pull my panties down
Yeah, I'm not
It doesn't matter if it's a girl or a guy
At least until I'm out of rehab 35 I
Can't buy within my breath
I guess guys with this plant in this in my breath
I don't have to try to
He lived through me by carrying my
Carried
All right
Yeah
115 at 560 WQAM and we have an open line this summer 5 6 7 0 5 60
560 that's breast by test
Palm 560 on the 18 T wireless live
So that's pretty interesting news you told me about our new 800 number that's coming to you one line
Well, you got to start slowly, you know, we don't want to overdo it might actually cost him some money
Here's sunrise. Hello
Yes, sir, are you doing okay? I got something very interesting. I got a fact and it's handgun control
Yes, it should handguns be outlaws and two X's in there. Yeah, and it says on there is commissioned by the 21st century back
SLPD and they charge you up
95 minute to back this yeah
We know about this nothing. Okay, 600 lines is open up all he was on because it was terminal
We couldn't understand where he was saying 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Do I know anything about that? No, no anybody know anything. No, okay. Just checking
Here's a mobile in derail. Hello, hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey good afternoon and when it's time to date. Thank you
My cellular signal is kind of fluctuating
That's better at last guy
It's not like he being the turlid
Two points. I wanted to make one. Yes, sir. Like I tell everyone that here at work. Why isn't education?
Number one, right, I don't understand a country of dummies sir
We got a country of functional illiterates and nobody even five maybe because they're also stupid. They're not embarrassed by that right and even teachers
Have now like a more dangerous job than even the police, right? You know, so I don't know why education
I've got to invest for all our teachers that'll be next why you know and
You know like more schools and because I want to know that when I say I'm 30 now when I'm 70 and 80 years old
I want to know that the kids of today in the future aren't going to be the criminals
You know the every the politicians are more interested in in what to do with with crying now instead of
Teaching kids educating kids
But you're forgetting that the politicians of today many of more the criminals of today are forgetting that yeah
I'll then forget it. You see they got they got to worry about their own special interest like I said just a moment ago
If I have property in a very depressed area
Well, naturally I if I'm in politics
I'm going to do everything I can to try to do anything to make sure that that area is upgraded no matter who has to pay for it and
You know to increase it like the hero does always doing you know, oh, they want to stadium downtown
They want to do everything downtown everything down there by one hero plaza to try to well, you know
We're goose their property value up and I've very depressed the slum that nobody wants to go near right?
You know one goes to downtown anyway, right unless we're forced to see
Whatever the one the arena used to be there
Exactly, but you know another the last point I wanted to make is if if we want to see athletes play at 100%
Be at every practice stay out of jail and see the best games in the history of our lives
Yeah, you do you pay their salary after the seasons over
Okay
Good at okay, I know I know if I get my salary in the beginning of the year for the rest of the whole year
I'm gonna make excuses and my job level's gonna go down
I got a better idea for this place. I'll take mine all up front. Oh, all right. Have a great day
Well, yeah, as of yesterday. Let's just pay me a check for next three years. Okay
See if I show up tomorrow
I'll tell you one thing I discovered that works real well
Well, you tell me not gonna be here tomorrow that works very well
I'll just say oh, yeah, they start to be acting and I was very serious. I already told you you're gonna do the show today
Because you can only push people so far
I mean you say you know, we're drowning over here man
We're dying in a sea of embarrassment and humiliation inside courses like I said before every guy damn bone
Although I feel better now almost couldn't let the eat that's bad no more eating
And we get any calls on 2020. Oh guys, right. Maybe it was not here
It was on here. Well, how come I haven't had one call on it?
On the atkins died. Maybe all these people saw Oprah yesterday all the housewives out there
Well, I've opened with that heller died and they're eating their macaroni cheese now
Oh, nobody cares the fat people don't care the skinny people don't care
Yeah, but Jesse Ventura carat he says shove your ass away from the table you fat bastards you fat efforts
That's what he said we say fat efforts
That what it was efforts or heffers what was Jesse you never know for sure
Love that Jesse Ventura, baby
I'm not kind of guy and that damn governor in New Mexico governor Kerry Johnson
That's right
Why do you guys go go over there and kiss his Johnson? Okay, because here's a guy that says drugs should be legalized
That the war on drugs is a farce it's a joke and all these poor bastards in jail like I've told you a million times before and now finally
There's a little bit of light a little ray of light
Naturally, they're gonna try to squash him like a bug because they got to perpetuate their own bureaucracies
The DEA and all these other maniacs these lunatics
Crazy people go to a civilized place going and here's an example
marijuana club opens Machu all branch
How do you like that?
A club selling marijuana for medicinal use open Friday. This is last Friday despite police warnings that the L. Enforce Canada's drug laws
You think they're gonna enforce no
Police said they'll investigate the compassion club, but it'll be up to a crown prosecutor to the side of charges are filed
Organizers wouldn't say if there was pot on the premises or if they had sold any the aid sufferers or those with chronic pain
Realises similar clubs exist in Toronto and Vancouver, right? How do you like that?
Commander Andre LaPoint said police feel compassion for people who need marijuana for all three reasons even though it's illegal
Our mandate is to apply the law and the most humanitarian way possibly said in other words basically look the other way
How do you like that?
They're smoking pot openly on the streets of Vancouver is anybody arrested?
I know because the Vancouver police their line is we enforce the important laws to protect the public
Those are the laws that we enforce
We're not here to harass the public like the police in the freaking US of a in that police state the United States
And that's exactly what this goddamn country is and don't you ever forget it. It's a freaking police state
We got the marijuana police we got the sex police we got the
Harding police what it'll be next and this is the sneezing police that'll be next
Here's Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing here? Okay?
Two things are real quick. Neil number one. You think what American have in the arena is all built
You think that Mickey has is gonna go up to the upper ball and say can you please come and sit the wood?
What is that here? Just better see start here, you know, because that's gonna be next for you
Number two, Neil and by the way is that a shame that they're having such a tough time saw all the seats
Who are you looking at on Serena? I know right. Neil number two. I wanted a game last night. Neil
But I have to be realistic like you say the dolphins have no shot Jimmy. How's that they have no shot at all
And then deadly bastard still writes that they don't super calm saying
We have enough to win it. Yeah, yeah, we're still a super bowl contender, you know
You know, they found what they play three games they lost they they beat a team that is o and four
They beat a team that's one that that's one in through two or one of three whatever they are and and that couldn't be the girls team
Arizona and and one of it what is their claim to fame and they got beat by a team last night that was struggling so bad that
You know embarrassing one with the Neil John Henry you blow
Okay, thank you
Yeah, I got news for you John and you're not gonna find no support in this joy. I must be crazy
I must be not bleeding the lifeblood out of this place. I'll take that right now. Okay?
You're causing lots of grief and sorrows for us. Why don't you just pick up your old kit bag and move to goddamn
Wherever you want Wilmington somewhere anywhere Geneva, New York. We don't care. We wish you all the luck at the world
Just say goodbye John Henry take your horse ball organization and
Stop trying to shove it down our throats
Last time I heard it to legal is shove it down our throats especially in Broward. That's what Ken Jenny said an asshole
Oh, yeah, I see buddy Nevin's he's probably he's probably a pushing for you know buddy there about for
Ken Jenny
Know what a fascist he is that little prick
Pull gives Jenny mixed views. That's right these people in Broward want to strong mayor and I'm all for that too by the way
Let's have a strong mayor who can get something done and kick the school board in the ass again instead of just passing the book and
Talking about the crystal palace. What a line that was. What kind of a line was that?
That's a way public said oh don't blame me. That's not my job. That's those other assholes down there. They're responsible
Among 238 likely Democratic voters pulled 42%
supported Peter Deutsch for mayor and 32% Jenny
And Jenny says oh, I don't put too much into polls. Yeah, he'll put it. Yeah all along
That's all he's been pointing for he wants to be the god damn thickhead or a Broward County, Ken Jenny and not ever forget it
And at the same time you're saying to John Henry be sure to say a big fat Ken Jenny that fascist pig
That right wing piece of crap
Makes Rudy Giuliana look like a goddamn screaming liberal
How's the Virgin Mary doing by the way?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Coral Springs hello, you know first. I'd like to say you're being much too kind to Ken Jenny
Yeah, because he's even worse than a fascist pig
The other thing is the guy who called before with his brilliance plan to pay athletes at the end of the year
Baseball players have paid twice a month
Football players are played paid once after each game. Yeah, so it's not like they receive all their money up front
Right now why do I turn on WQAM at noon?
Hear you. Yeah, why do people go to ball games to see the players?
These are the stars of their show just like you're the star of your show and they deserve whatever the market will bear
It's just like whatever the market will bear for you and I think that
Don't make a comparison that doesn't cost you anything to listen to this program
Well, but I pay for it in the cost that are passed on of the products that are bought that I buy from your sponsor
You you don't have I mean we appreciate it if you subsidize the sponsors
But you don't have to there's no requirement that whatever cost you would dime to listen to this program
Oh, I agree. I don't think that the team should be subsidized. Don't get me wrong. Yeah, don't get me wrong
I'm not calling for that. I wouldn't pay two cents to give John Henry a stadium for this piece of crap ball club
That you know here
But the point I am trying to make is that I would be in favor of
Players having a limit on how much they can make when there's a limit placed on how much the owners can make on their
Investment the players are investing their lives. I mean look at Dan marina the poor guy can barely walk
He's invested his blood sweat tears his body when he's done playing
He's gonna have to have his knees replaced and got only knows he probably can't even bend over to pick up his kids
Yeah, that's it back. Yeah, and
Way nice thing about it is money
Now just like I think it deserves a return on his investment
Marino deserves a return on his investment. Yeah, whatever the market
Well, let me ask you something you know speaking of marina return and I'm a big damn marino fan
I think he's a great guy and one of the all-time greats
But remember when republic industries first came out
When the stock first came on yeah, Danny marina was one of those people that was on the inside him in Shula and a couple of others of
Wings buddies to be able to buy the three dollars of sharing it went up to like 40 hate for whatever was
Would you like the opportunity to do that? You bet I would yeah, how come we didn't get that chance because we're not one of the people on the inside
Huh why is it that a few weeks ago when?
When healthy on stock went public and it went public at 14 I couldn't buy it until it was up around
$160 a share because I'm not on the inside of that deal either right?
So but I I don't share your tremendous
The sympathy that you feel for these guys most of these guys are making enormous amounts of money
Tremendous percentage of them have minimal education. Oh, I agree. Yeah, however
You can be on the radio until you you can't speak or fart anymore right those guys can only if they're lucky be ball players for five years
They've got to make five years and while it's good five years if they're lucky eight ten years. Yeah
Well, no the average career
Are you talking about football players football baseball as well?
The average not five years. Yeah, I'm telling you I don't believe that it's factual
Okay, you can get it from the commissioner's office. Yeah, well
Yeah, you can have a
Trapper in the Christmas office the average career
So so what are you saying that to the sky's the limit whatever where the market will bear is what they should be getting?
That's correct. Uh-huh, so in other words if uh because they're the ones that the fans come out to see they're the ones that
Well, I guess what the fans are coming out to see okay? That's the point pal the fans aren't coming out to see
That's why you got empty seats people don't want to buy the merc and airlines the arena tickets
That's why they don't want to buy all the seats in the yet to center because they they've already outpriced themselves
And if you took the corporate seats the sky boxes and all the big ones if you took the seats that they buy out of there
How many people how many like average mom and pop the real fans who give their support their emotional and tangible support how many then could afford to go there?
I just want a puke
128 to 560 QM freedom and say cheese
This is learning to sell with Donnell I bet Donnell Jackson and today we're going to sell the word
Money
with me now money
M O M E Y now
Let's use it in the sense when I finish playing basketball
My knees show gets this this is learning to spell with Donnell I bet John L. Jackson
$150 133 at 560 W here. Let's take up a collection okay
I'm so emotional from that last guy and I you know I let him go on like an extra two minutes
I extended the break there because I thought he was gonna say something
I'm I just want to go on the streets and take up a collection for all these poor jobs because hey
I mean they put all their sweat out there and their energy and their effort and they're making such a great contribution to society and they can only play for five years and make three four six million year you know
How many people in this audience are gonna make three million dollars in their lifetime?
Let's see if you work from the time you're like let's let's say 20 to 65 okay?
45 years
right? And
The average might be what 80,000?
60,000
Kind of work. We're talking about all right 60,000
30 that that's that's what is that?
Is that possible?
Is my math wrong? Let me do it again. I'm very good at math 30
2.7 million in a lifetime
Is that right? Is that sound right to you?
How come I'm having such a problem with this? My math I'm brilliant at math. That's the only thing I know is math
1, 2, 3, 4, 30
Yeah, $2,700,000 in a lifetime
That these guys are gonna want to make three four million dollars in a year for not in a year in a few months
And then of course after after they get done playing and their knees give out and all these terrible things happen
Then they can go and become start preaching like a Reggie White
Or like Evander Holy Molyfield. There's a guy of course. He ain't playing that kind of sport but nevertheless
In your entire lifetime there are a lot of you who aren't gonna make what some of these guys are gonna make in one year
For being dumb jocks for signing an X on a contract somewhere
And as far as let me see it again as far as what the market will bear they passed that long ago long time ago
Take away like I said before to break all the corporate and the sky box in the big money seats you haven't got squat
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir
Okay, my battery's dying a couple things number one idea looking. Yes, sir
If the guy's making 50 grand a year and 30-year career is gonna make a million and a half dollars 30 years
So your medium of 80 or 60 or whatever number you're using that's not realistic
I mean guy's gonna make a million and a half dollars and 30 years of work
But that's not what I call about I call about the education sector. You know this guy can't Smith
Bottom line is is that you know if they want to improve the broiled schools
Why don't they put a penny sales pack for the school?
No, he says we've already got enough money the money isn't the problem it's those bozos in the crystal palace the school board members
They're the problem now, but let me I've got two children. I live a broiled. I've got two children
They're 11-year-old twins. I have they both got a different school right because I have one child that go to a good school
Because he qualified by gray dot and coral spring and my other child qualified for the normal school
Which is when my school district now the one child who goes out to the school and coral spring
But I'm not gonna name names, but yeah
This child has books not only at school, but also books to bring home now my other child has no books to bring home
Now you go into the two schools which I did recently on an open house night
And the one school in coral spring has computers everywhere right my son got two computer classes
And he's in sixth grade my daughter on the other hand has no computers in any of her classes
These are both broiled county schools great now where's the parity here?
No, you talk about lunches and lunches, you know, I got when I was in school
You know if the lunch
It wasn't good we brought our own lunches that wasn't a big deal
But the bottom line was was what's available in the schools and I have one school
It's got everything and the other school. It's got nothing
And they're both the same gray. Yeah
You know and un-unconsonscionable and the idea that we got kid going to school in portable classrooms
Is so nauseating and so grotesque to me and if there is enough money which we're always here and oh
There's enough money nobody wants to pay any more money for schools down here
Well, if that's the case then why don't we have like a major scandal here?
Why don't we have like a major house cleaning and investigation and find out where all the money is being misspent?
Well, you know, there's a car a couple days ago and I try to get through and I couldn't get through
But the guy was talking about the school districts and and that you know if we raise taxes and all this stuff
I you know, whatever happened to the lottery money. It wasn't a question of
It's not so much how much money is raised. It's where it's going
If we raise you know taxes
And the pay for schools that's one thing. Okay, but what they do with the politicians do is they take the money and divert it from one form of
Government to another form of government and the school boards get the same amount of money year after year after year and the money gets
Diverted somewhere out
You know, I mean if people really cared about the kids they would raise taxes and and make that mandatory
You know something if people really cared about the kids then both newspapers the heroine of Sun Sentinel would be running big
Big articles every day like and instead of writing articles on the front page about who's buying the marlins and where John Henry wants the new stadium
They'd be running big big sections every day about where the money is being misspent
How much money do you mean needs to be raised to build a guy named kind of schools that we need and that's what we'll be reading about instead of
Oh gee, we're just poor john Henry want us to build him a stadium and how are we going to find the money to do it for him?
I have a great thing and thanks including the editorial lead editorials and both those papers
Oh, it enhances the quality of life and all much of bullcraft you're peddling crap you guys at the newspapers
That's your specialty
That's what you do and what you know the best I must be crazy. I must be nuts exactly
You're pure unadulterated peddlers of crap make no mistake about it
One page here. Oh, yeah, the schools are bursting at the seams
And here's another story. Oh, yeah, we're trying to find a way to get the
baseball stadium idea has support
That you're gonna get the kids a good education isn't it huh?
That's gonna get those kids out of those overcrowded goddamn portapotti or whatever the hell it is that they're in
Man, I'll tell you one thing and you can take it to the goddamn bank like Wayne said if this country doesn't have its priorities upside down
Then my name is goddamn john Henry God forbid
That's our poll question by the way kines must match opatric Henry or john Henry
Patrick Henry said give me liberty or give me death john Henry says give me 300 million dollars
Talk to me
There paints
You used to watch me shave
How you do stare at the floor
Don't there penis I don't
You used to see you in me a paper towel and a dirty mind
That's all it needed to get back
Now it seems things change that I think that you're the one
Do you think there thinks I don't like
He says
I don't think I like
I
When you get to drink it, you put me places I've never been before
Why can't we just get a grip on our man the hand relation
Time to turn for truly how we feel
If we put our heads together we just stay home forever
Oh
Here's a message to the impotent normal can't okay don't call us we'll call you bug off
5 6 7 0 5 50 like we don't have enough other stories around here where they hysterical normal can just go
You know smoke some dope get out of here
Here's a mobile in pompano hello
Mobile in pompano
Yes, Neil yes, sir
Hey, you always bashing the doffin
He only lost one game it ain't the season eight over yeah, how they play in the other two games
So what who did they one who did they play they won who did they play they won?
Okay, they won they won you're an asshole man they won they won does that make you feel better? I bet he's squeezing it right now they won they won
See why can't you just be objective? Why can't you have a brain? Why can't you watch the game see that your team is a disaster
There's something special alright special case
They're the same old tie to suit oh yeah, are we are we're gonna have a running game and Cecil a diesel
He's gonna be the best ex-con we ever had in the running and they backfield all of a sudden bullcraft bullcraft baby
Bull crap bull duty
bull duty
And you can you kind of be able to see that you've got to be able to understand that not listen to all the hype that goes on on
Is radio station because it's in the self-interested the people that are saying these things
They barely beat it girls team they struggle life and death to be their girls team
In a game that Jake plumber threw four intersections in and they still barely won the game anyway
You know
Nobody won they won okay great okay yours is bigger in mind and probably that's true and you know what you're still an asshole
Here's four-lotterdale hello
Anya yes, sir. I heard you before talking about how much the so-called dumb jocks make yes, and I just had a question for you
Um
You're a big fan of the back door boys how much did they make last year? How many they're record you buy?
How many of their records are my buy-in? Yeah zero and so what has that got to do with you?
Well what it has to do with me is you're complaining about what ball players make which I like ball players
I like the games like the ball players necessarily. Yeah, I like the games how much is it costed by a CD
15 bucks. Okay. How many how many tickets can you buy to go see a football game for 15 bucks?
Um, no, no, I don't know what the price is okay
Well, call me back when you find out what the prices are still we'll have it intelligent conversation sir
How can you are having our discussion when you don't know what it cost the public to go out and subsidize you lend their tangible support to their team
How can you have it intelligent conversation when you have no information
The back street boys guess what I can hear the back street boys all day long, okay?
Doesn't cost me a dime
I can watch the videos on MTV doesn't cost me a dime
And you know something maybe the answer is like they did after they ruined harness racing in New York like in yankers
Almost nobody in the stands. Well, I'll do OTV everybody. I'll stay home and watch. There won't be anybody in the stands
They'll just pump artificial a crowd noise in
They'll just put cardboard cutouts in there
And if it rains they'll put like little rubber raincoats on the cardboard cutouts. They'll put ponchos on them
And
Everybody can stay home and watch the games for free the only problem is if that would happen
Then they would start putting it on pay TV and it would cost you to watch it
You'd have to pay even if you don't want to go attend it
This guy's comparing rock stars
Entertainment people whose music you can buy or not buy or listen to or not
with athletes
In addition to which I don't think anybody's asking us to build a god damn stadium
So the back street boys can go perform there
Recording a star they come to communities and they perform in whatever facilities whatever venues are there
Nobody builds a god damn place so that uh arrow smith can come as much as I like them or anybody else
Kind of like that sir
In addition to which I hate to break the news to you, but big papa got all the money okay all those early years up until the last year
Big papa up there who manufactures all these boy groups he got all the money
You'd be embarrassed you'd be him humiliated you use them as an example
Those five kids who by the way, I got more talent each and every one of those five kids and their little finger and more intelligence
Then most of the jocks that your worship in pal but worship whoever you want
You know get on your hands and ease and and suck their uh heck whatever you like
Which everybody part turns on
But don't insult the public by saying it's gonna cost you 60 and 1800 bucks
To go watch a horseball sporting event like last night
And today we got all these people. Oh, I had to go down one guy least he was honest
There were some you know large breasted women in the uh 405 there. There you go
