This is Sports Radio 5-6-DOS.
A Q-A-A-S.
Sports Radio 5-6-DOS, WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roser-Jose.
What's up, sir?
Welcome to the London Neil, 467-0560, toll free for date and grammar.
Or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions for the easily broadcast group.
No.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5-60 Q-A-A-S.
Hey, Neil.
Fuck you.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
I'm sorry.
Down the post depends on you.
And the powers you pose as.
Did you save this life?
Did you save this life?
He's your life.
He's got a job for you to do.
First of all, it's for you.
First of all, it's for you.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you plot your stew.
With the big D on your chest.
And the group is my trace.
And you don't do a regret.
First of all, it's for you.
Who's with the beat of Dr. Bells?
Then to that dice straight to hell.
When a building starts to fall, we do a little bit of it.
Oh, God.
10-02-5-60-WQ-A-M.
Okay, so where were you, Neil?
On Tuesday, we're yuking the Backstreet Boys new LP.
And yesterday, where you online for Star Wars,
that must have been it.
You couldn't possibly have a cool.
Did I say on Monday,
I have a cool,
I was getting a bad cold.
I was going to probably be out a couple of days.
I said that.
So here we go.
The reason I played that Virgin Mary at this start this morning
is, guess where the Virgin Mary shows up every year?
And a whole bunch of crazy people go to see the Virgin Mary.
Conjures, Georgia.
And guess what they just had happen this morning in the last two hours
in Conjures, Georgia.
Here's a clue.
What's the name of the school?
Heritage High School in Conjures, Georgia.
Six shot, none of them, two seriously thanked the miss.
Why a student with a 22 caliber rifle?
And the interview with one of the mothers of a student there at the school,
she said, well, you know, most of these kids are a bunch of red necks,
and they're all around rifles and shotguns, and everybody's got a gun.
And I said to George, how do you get a 22 caliber rifle in the school?
How do you go into school with a goddamn rifle?
Maybe it was rifle day.
Is that good?
And then the brilliant reporter here on CNN,
because today is the 20th of the month,
which is exactly one month after the shootings at Columbine High School
in Littleton, Colorado.
And the comment is, well, you know, the president's on his way out there
a little in right now, a bad day.
This is a bad day for another high school shooting.
Is it, is there such a thing as a good day for high school shooting?
She didn't tell which were the good days,
but a bad day for another high school shooting in America.
And you gun suckers out there, you gun lovers,
you red necks, you crazy people with your guns.
It's a sickness.
And you can watch this crap in a Senate now,
man at Orange Snatch and all these other sanctimonious assholes,
talking about video games and about Hollywood and about movies and about violence,
and about all this happy horsecraft and Marilyn Manson
and obscenity and pornography.
Anything and everything but.
And of course, in the meantime, they still have to,
and you thought that yesterday they were backtracking these right wing maniacs
all in the park of the NRA.
You thought they were backtracking yesterday?
Wait till today.
When they have to face another high school shooting.
And this kid, by the way, when he got done in the shooting of six kids
was about to commit suicide, which ain't too easy, by the way, with a rifle.
But the security, I guess, grabbed them and he's still alive.
So at the very least, we can throw his ass in jail for a tented murder
and make a big song and a dance about that.
I mean, what kind of minds?
What kind of people are you people raising out there?
What kind of morons have we got in this country?
I mean, monkey see monkey do is one thing.
But in the meantime, yesterday, they come up with a statistic yesterday in the news,
which I have no idea where they come up with these numbers.
Maybe they counted me in there too, because I was out sick.
They said that 2.2 million people in this country took off from work yesterday
to go see star f in wars.
How do you like that?
Two million people took off from work to go see the debut of star wars.
And then I find out later in the day that some of the star...
Did I even mention this the other day about the star trek people?
How there's going to be a battle between the trekkies and the star wars nuts?
And they're all dressed up like a bunch of overgrown children,
like a bunch of simpleton,
like a bunch of imbecils in heat.
That's what turns on American public baby is crap.
The public in this country never saw a pile of crap that they didn't love.
You know, we first saw the chase, the cop chase out there.
It must have been Rick Sanchez,
because you know, we're in sweep sweep, so Channel 7,
they must have stayed that thing with the police here in Miami.
And we're in there in the other room watching that thing,
and it was mildly amusing, you know,
and then they finally got out of the truck,
and he tries to make a run forward and they grab them.
And I come back here and I sit down, minding my own business,
and I look up on CNN, and here we go,
another high full shooting in Kanye's Georgia.
Every year thousands of crazy people come to Kanye's Georgia
to see the Virgin F and Mary.
Well, you know something, she must not pick the right times to come around.
Where was the Virgin Mary this morning?
When this kid was shooting up to school,
where was the freaking Virgin Mary?
And like I've told you before, the more religious they are,
the crazier they are.
And of course in the deep south especially,
but not not exclusively, but in the deep south,
the more religious they are, the more they love their guns.
It's part of a whole subculture in this country, the gun culture.
They love them, they grow up with them, they fondle them.
What a substitute for a rigid penis.
Who needs Viagra when you can have a gun?
I just never heard of such a thing.
Does it make me an old fart?
I mean, when you went to school,
did you ever hear kids coming to the school with guns?
No, it just not.
No, no, seriously.
Of course not.
Who ever heard of kids bringing guns to school?
And all these idiots, oh it's those video games,
in it's the Hollywood, you know something, let me tell you again.
All over the world.
They play the same video games.
They see the same goddamn violent movies that we see here in America.
And they're not running around killing each other.
You think maybe it just might have something to do with the upbringing of kids in this country?
No discipline, no respect.
We're talking crazy kids.
Crazy kids.
Oh that was a good idea.
The kids out there are Colorado dead.
And of course this isn't even the mention.
We know I just briefly mentioned a few days ago,
the one in Alberta, up in Canada, outside of Calgary,
which then that's on her door.
Kid goes into school and shoots in serious injuries to kids.
And in the meantime, in the last month, since the little thing,
if you open up a timer and newsweek,
they have a map of the country.
They show you all the bomb threats, the guns, the confiscated,
all the stuff, all over the goddamn country now.
It's like a way, an epidemic of crazy kids.
What kind of values do your kids have?
And I realize it's only a small handful, but Jesus Christ.
What kind of a lunatic does stuff like this?
What kind of mentally ill people if we got running around on a loose?
It's getting to the point where you can just say,
That's the American fucking way.
Yeah, it's just becoming part of American culture now.
It's just a new wrinkle that's been added.
Send your kid to school today and if you're lucky, they'll come home alive.
Oh, there he is. Look at that. There's orange snatch.
And a number of kids were wounded.
Yeah.
I won't go into the details.
What's the banner I mentioned?
Right, you asshole.
You sank them on the ass right wing piece of third.
And of course, people like him, I heard his comments yesterday,
are just looking to seize upon this opportunity to curb every kind of freedom that they possibly can.
Fascism is going to really be in now.
Give up all your freedoms because it must be somebody else's fault.
Everything is too permissive in America.
Too much of sanity. Don't say crap because somebody then might actually go ahead and take one.
Nine minutes after 10 to 560 WQAM.
Where 8th eval from men.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White House Association.
Left space.
Most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing.
But as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about hand guns.
They scare the s*** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right, hand guns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Rub a bank.
Don't have enough money for beer?
All the convenience.
Take chips and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free as you've got a hand gun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
To simple solution of life's complex problems.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Find a dancing house with street.
Just buy a lot of hand guns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out and give the reconsiderative population control.
Yes, hand guns.
They just might make you think.
15 to 560 WQA in the land of the blazing guns, baby.
The Wild West blazing sandals are still doing it.
They love it.
It's as American as mom and dad and apple pie and Chevrolet and the pizza hut.
Here's the mobile and Mimey Lakes.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Happy next to the warm gun.
Yeah, huh?
And the asshole is on the phone.
Right off the bat.
That's this audience.
That's our photo there for your Woody.
First call an asshole.
Two call, two other calls on the board.
These people don't care.
They're lined up to see F and Star Wars.
That's what they care about.
When is the ball game start?
And when we get to see Star Wars, hopefully for free.
Nothing phases these people.
It's the American F and way, like I said.
560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
What a bunch of simple things we got in this country man.
They're never going to wake up.
The things that they get most intensely involved in and psychotic about are such a pile of crap like
I said a minute ago that it's terrifying to me.
Scary.
There isn't any reason why 99% of the people has come to you should owe the god damn gun.
I'm not even going to waste my time with this idiotic fact that came in yesterday which George saved for me from some libertarian asshole.
Tell me how I'm full of crap about religion and about God and about the, you know, he agrees with some of the things on guns like child safety locks.
You know, it's amazing.
We have to argue about child safety locks on guns.
We've got them on cigarette lighters.
But on guns we have to have a debate about it.
Because we don't want to piss off the NRA and the gun manufacturers.
He agrees with me on that, but then he goes on to say, well, doing away with our right to bear arms is dangerous.
And it's messing with our ability to protect ourselves from a rogue government.
I thought that only the maniacs up there in the hills of Idaho, all the skinheads, all those militia people.
I thought those were the only people crazy enough to believe that.
Protect ourselves from a rogue government.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
And you, God.
Yes, sir.
You know, I grew up listening to you and I'm not killing anybody.
So I'm happy now.
Yeah.
You know, what I have to ask is right from our killing me. I'll tell you.
No, no.
Look, we're making all this fuss about, you know, this kid's going inside the schools and shooting, but kids shooting.
I mean, look at gangs.
They do the same thing but outside. Nobody's saying anything.
Yeah.
Nobody knows anything.
That was part of the law that they were talking about yesterday that they're mulling about in the Senate taking their good, sweet time about.
Screw the Senate.
I mean, those guys, you know, they're bunch of old folks. They don't know what they're talking about.
Yeah.
You have the reason, you know, go for it, man. You're the best.
Okay. Have a great life.
Okay. In other words, these people have nothing to say about this.
5.6705.60, 05.560 on a mobile one line.
Like I said, Kanye's Georgia, where thousands and thousands of crazy people come every year from all over the country together to see the vision of the Virgin Mary.
I don't know if she shows up there on a pizza or like on the side of a bank building like she doesn't clear water.
I'm not really exactly sure where she makes her yearly appearance.
Isn't it ironic? Isn't it appropriate that all these Bible thumpers down there?
They're busy. I blow each other's brains out with their guns.
Well, you know, we got to have our rifles and our shotguns teach our kids go out to hunt.
You know, we got to go out hunting.
Yeah. Why is that?
Why?
Anybody in this audience go out and hunting for their food?
Is there one person in this audience that goes out in the hunts to get their food?
No.
No.
You think there's anybody in Kanye's Georgia that's no?
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
There's one thing you can blame all this crap on.
Yes.
You need a license to drive.
You need a license to get a pet.
You need a license to get married to any moron.
Right.
Any moron can have kids.
Yeah.
It's the parents.
If they don't take care of their kids, if they don't take interest in what their kids are doing, it's their fault for all this trouble.
Okay.
And they keep passing it off.
That's right.
They want to blame somebody else.
What kind of upbringing the kids have will come to school and pull us to do these kinds of barbaric, aberrant things.
What kind of environment did they grow up in?
And others probably still asleep, sleeping off the booze from the night before.
Right.
It doesn't care where they are, what they're doing.
You need to be careful.
Prash making babies, man.
That's the American FNW.
God bless you, sir.
Prash making babies.
You know, yesterday, I haven't seen too much daytime TV in a long time.
I'm saying, thank God because I'm here working every day in the middle of the day.
And I'm going to tell you something.
Jerry Springer show, we know what it is.
It's crap for people with feeble minds.
For people like a different version of the WWF.
But now all of the daytime shows are like that.
Jenny Jones, she's turned from, you know, getting some fag to murder some other fact.
She's turned from that now into another version of the Jerry Springer show.
There must be a half of those shows on there like now where they're watching trash people and they're all going,
hey, they're not going to let me know.
Well, I'm not excited.
I hit the wrong guy with the button.
Yeah, they're bleeping everything out.
Every other word.
Hey, believe you, mother bleeping, you know, and they're all, it's all staged.
It's all phony and it all appeals to trash.
It's all a bunch of crap.
And I'm sitting there watching this stuff yesterday.
I'm picking, thank God for the price is right.
Maybe that makes me old fashioned and I'm sick and tired of Bob Barker already with his wife here.
You know, take your millions and get out of my face and your goddamn stuffed animals to or whatever you got.
Your unstuffed animals.
But Jesus Christ, what kind of swell are they putting on there?
And I'm not saying that that's the reason the kids are going out and shooting each other.
But it's just the whole level of American society is coming down to such a point.
Oh, we have to have extreme violence and extreme this and faces of death parts one through a thousand.
We got crazy people running around out there lunatics.
Last night on 2020, they had a segment about a guy that stabbed his wife 44 times,
stuck her in a goddamn pool, killed her dead or dead or a door nail,
and now his defenses that he was sleepwalking.
And they had some experts.
They can find an expert to tell you anything, anything you want.
If you got, if your lawyer's got enough money, you can find an expert to say the dog did it.
This guy didn't hit his defense and they were picking it starting jury selection yesterday.
He did it in the sleep. He's a sleepwalker.
Who not only stabbed her 44 times and then stuck her goddamn head in the pool,
but then he took her clothes, all the bloody clothes, and the knife he used,
put him in a plastic bucket, put him in the car in a garage, put on her pajamas, and went back to bed.
All in his sleep.
He's a smart sleepwalker.
No, he's a dangerous sleepwalker.
As opposed to Luke's sleepwalker, wasn't that his name?
Yeah, Luke's sleepwalker.
Since we're heavy on a Star Wars crap, here's plantation. Hello?
Hello, Neil, how you feeling?
Psychotic.
Yeah, I don't blame you. I've actually been Vegas the last five days.
Welcome, congratulations.
Thank you.
Good place to escape from this garbage.
I was just going to say I haven't seen you.
Come in here this morning. I'm in a good mood.
I don't feel all that great yet.
I'm getting over this cold, and I'm sitting here watching another day of this crap.
And it all does bring you down.
It brings me down. I'm psychotic. I'm thinking, how the hell am I going to do a show now?
I'm sitting here watching this crap. Luckily nobody got injured seriously, but what kind of garbage is this?
Same thing every day.
What kind of effort country have we got?
A bad one.
Well, Neil, let me tell you something.
Five days out in Vegas, who's enough to make you feel a little bit better.
Right.
Have you seen the Venetian yet?
Yeah.
It's been out there lately.
It's beautiful. That is your kind of place, man.
Let me tell you, when you walk into there, it's about, I probably say, three days old at the latest.
Venetian feelings, you have, like, a Roman Cathedral church, the whole place.
New tiles, restaurants, Italian restaurants, and let's have about five in that place.
Dollar slot machines on fire on top of it.
Bellagio, the same story.
I've been in Bellagio.
I've been in Bellagio.
Yeah, it's big.
It's glitzy.
It's generic.
It's generic, but I don't like it, huh?
Yeah, they had a lot of it roped off.
Bellagio to me just looked like another big way.
When you walk into the middle of it, you look around.
You could be in any other casino in Vegas.
Yeah.
You didn't have any distinctive identity, you know?
Except the little flowers at the back, which I thought was good.
I didn't see that.
It smelled like a large bathroom.
Like pansies, yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
It was great.
I want to let you know that Venetian, though, unbelievable.
Okay, I'll check it out.
I'm going to check it out.
Okay.
A little better.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Okay, there's a guy that had a good time in Vegas, of course, not here, because we don't believe
that I have a good time here.
We believe in making everybody miserable and crotchety and nasty, et cetera.
By the way, you know, the cool.
It hasn't been going too well last couple of days.
I had a little bit of the sore throat and the stuffed-up head and the headaches.
And then I went into public to get some sodas last night.
Now, what do you look at me like that?
I see, I don't think there's a problem with this.
I don't know about you.
I like looking at good-looking people.
Okay?
In fact, the only thing that keeps me going is knowing that there were a lot of good-looking people out there.
And if I look at them, it makes me feel better about life.
It gives me hope.
When you got an ugly old fart like me, and I see beautiful people all were back to that again.
Yeah, well, I mean, whatever you want to call them.
Huh?
I don't care.
Unless you're a goddamn liar.
I'm not talking about, you know, maybe your guys out there, you know, your wife is a fat and misshapen out.
And her boobs are down to her knees, you know, and your lover, but nevertheless, she's not too excited to look at anymore.
Or maybe you're not too excited.
In fact, between the two of you, maybe you're a couple of big tubs, and you couldn't, you know, make that socket connection if they're all a money in the world.
So many of them had published last night getting a few items, and there's our bag boy of the year now turning to cashier of the year.
Andrew, great American, great good, solid American kid.
They're a public, it's all grass.
Now, you think that because I mentioned that by name on here today, he's going to take a bunch of crap.
So what about it?
What's wrong with somebody looking good?
Is there a law against that?
Just like JP this morning.
I'm in there in the control room.
We were bonding this morning.
It was tight.
We were real tight.
Well, of course, he didn't realize that kept inching up closer and closer.
Hey, he happens to be a good looking guy, okay?
He's working, and we've got mostly ugly people in this radio station with a section of Shannon that you brought in here.
And JP, which I have no idea we brought in here, but thank God.
Oh, it is an ugly place.
It lifts my spirits up.
What?
To see good looking people.
And of course, in this world, we favor good looking people over ugly people.
We assume that because somebody looks good, which has got nothing to do, they've done nothing.
It's like a guy with a big penis.
You know, he didn't do anything to make it big.
Maybe he thought he was.
That's just a matter of genetics.
So we favor people who look good over people who are ugly.
Ugly people, maybe some of the nicest people in the world.
Like me, I'm a great guy.
But ugly and good ugly.
And I'm but ugly.
That's right.
As in...
Brackdoms, right.
But ugly.
That's what they always say.
And I've known people who are really great looking and they were assholes.
But, you know, in the dark, who cares?
Am I right?
You bet.
Well, now what is this guy?
I have to make...
Because if I get too heavily into this shooting again, this one, I'm going to blow my own brains out here.
I can't stand this.
And this bitch comes on CNN.
Oh, not a good day for another shooting.
As if there is such a thing as a good day for another shooting in school.
Maybe Friday, so we can get a three day weekend.
You crazy bitch.
God.
All I can say is...
The media is sick and needs help, dad.
Amen.
And when that crazy bitch has got to be the one to say it, what does that tell you?
1026 and 560, WQMH.
Holy macken on.
This is Joe Bohr and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal Goat.
All right.
Bye.
Where to use it you to be real bad, but now it seems okay for you
When African Americans address themselves that way
I'm a teacher at the gradian's and I appreciate that you're aware of it
Your food no longer the vernacular for racial abuse
It used to be taboo, not anything to say, but now it's banned eat all about by black folks every day
Yo
I'm a teacher here and here he's either where I'll make her food
I'm a teacher here and he's either where I'll make her food
Things in one time things come, I'd do all included too
It really does a better job for everyone in the house
Yo
Yo
Yo
Check it out
Yo
Yo
Yo
I'll be glad master's food
Yo
I'll be switching my things
Laying with my record
I'll be switching it
I'll be switching it
I got a reason
South-Eastern did
Put the lotion in the bathroom
And don't forget yo is
Boy
1033 at 560 WQ
Look at this tremendous outpouring of emotion and concern here this morning
Man, I got two stick and calls on the board nobody cares what's the ball scores for my a-night meal now you're talking heavy duty stuff
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Miramar hello
I don't need a hire you today. Okay. I'll tell you what it is what it is is kids have no respect for authority today and
Believe it on only 23 but you know what it is today
The parents can't discipline the mid their parents bank on the behind I'll call a copy of you
Views me. Mm-hmm. So and there's their big if they don't respect their parents are not going to respect anybody else
How can you not have respect for human life?
How can life be so cheap in this country and nobody seems to care about it? I care but
You know we can only do so much
But there's not a people they care. No, but nobody gives a crap. Nobody cares. They're more excited about frickin' Star Wars man
They'll care about something that anybody's gonna figure out anyway. I still didn't figure out four or five
It just came out before number one and I don't care because I'm not gonna see it
so
This is more important than worried about Star Wars or
Who's coming out of what new music's coming out or
One hockey game left. I is more important than all that man. There wasn't any hockey game anyway, so we'll care is okay. Have a great day, sir
One call left on our board here today another shooting this morning at the high school in in of all places
Conjures Georgia right outside of Atlanta where all those good red necks are where the Virgin Mary comes over here and you people got
I'm gonna say about it six more kids shot right there in school on the last day of school and
You wonder why city rain just get apoplectic?
About a country where nobody gives a crap. They don't even get angry about it like how a deal says
I don't know what the answer is there, but first you got to get mad. They don't even get mad
They don't care
Here's the fact that suggested a morning in the middle school in Aventura a kid put a substance to the AC
Vents and the kids had to be evacuated for a while
I have two kids there and while the school doesn't know who or what the kids know, but nobody wants to snitch
While the school doesn't know I called this morning what substance it was my kids told me it was pepper spray
Nice going at Aventura, Ohio and Ohio and also middle school yesterday
Just a bunch of outer control avarant pumps shooting and doing all kinds of Luna and bombs you name it and
Everybody just sit back. Oh come on. Well, let's go see Star Wars man. Let's go see Obi-Wan the year know-be a
bunch of silly crap for overgrown children who want to dress up, okay?
They have a name for guys that want to dress up. Okay, go to San Francisco. We're out there to hate aspery
Go to Castro Street pardon that name
Go dress up and drag be a professional drag queen
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one. I should have stayed home and read today again
You know I could have all in my neighbor by the way
The lady whose husband owns Jack around the pizza the one was four doors down who's a very nice lady but
Can she talk of a storm but very nice she brought me by a three big vat to soup yesterday to nurse me through my cold
Thank you sweetheart. I'll see you in the end of the year or two
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay about the sleep walk here today the guy fixing his
Filter with a hunting knife and a mouthpiece
And how are you gonna get away with it? Yeah, it's incredible. What was the hunting knife doing in there? He was fixing the
Pool filter. Yeah, that's logical to me. Yeah
And he you're right. He's gonna get off because he didn't asleep. I didn't remember anything. Yeah
Okay, welcome to the land of the
Creative oh
Yeah, this happens all the time people do very violent things in their sleep
5 6 7 0 5 50 only stabbed her 44 times. She's better than crap
Oh, and by the way, let's thank God. Let's thank the judge yesterday who gave this woman the right to die here in Florida
Gave her the right like I mean just think about that they had to go to a judge that she had the right to die
How many years have they had living wills where people say you know, I don't want any artificial life support let me croak in peace
You know, so now we got to go to a judge and
You saw why the mother shot her by the way, do you see that story?
You old wrinkled up old mother she shot her because she overheard her saying that she was gonna send mom to a nursing home
Not a good idea and the other talk about sending mom to a
Nursing home
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello
No, yes, sir
You're right about the fact about no respect for human life and it actually you know it starts right for the example
They treat with the partial birth abortion. Oh, yeah, it's got lots of it. Yeah, abortion the fetuses are
We don't know what they got out of here you jackass get out of my face
Another right wing asshole. I mean you could be talking about peaches in Georgia and these assholes will start talking about abortion
What is wrong with you people are you crazy you are you goddamn fetus huggers?
It's very clear from the things that are going on in this country. We desperately need a lot more babies
We need fetus rights. Let's have a whole goddamn bill of rights for fetuses. Okay to make guys like this happy
Then I mean one track mine all they know is give us our guns and leave the fetuses alone and let's keep procreating like rabbits
Let's keep reproducing like cockroaches
And God forbid that a woman should have any say over wrong God damn body
You've got to stick your nose in there and if then by the way speaking of that if the doctor performs an abortion
Let's blow his crap away two. We're at it or blow up the clinic or both
maniacs
Just that's all you got in this country that those are the only people with a voice people like this jackass that just called
The nut right wing fringe that's all we got and
Everybody else everybody else is sitting out there doing their star wars and going
That's what they're doing
21 before 11 and 5 60 W to Q and well before the end how about lighting up a good cigar from NYX
Now that's a good way to celebrate the Armageddon isn't that coming soon Armageddon?
No, I think so. I think we're right on the edge of it. I can almost smell it. Oh God Neil
Is
Or
We're so together like my drinking water
Was that nice or something like that?
Mom won't yell it at the door.
Dad went breathing heavy.
Mom was on her knees.
He was just out of poop because she took them where he peed.
He's been pulled to the heat hole.
What's in mom and dad?
He's been turned to the heat hole.
The most I've ever had.
But we watched those little wongers
and I started to get sick.
If daddy's name is Helmer,
one mom asked for chicks.
Daddy grew up in his eyes full track.
Mommy wanted more.
She's one back on top of him.
But oh, he's getting a sore.
He's been turned to the heat hole.
Has the minute passed.
I can't wait to drive himself.
Don't throw in my class.
Well, I can't wait to drive himself.
Don't throw in my class.
Med 45 and 560, WB2M.
This is amazing to me.
You know, every time I think to myself,
nothing that happens on the show will ever
shock the living crap out of me.
Seriously, they could be dropping nuclear weapons right up the street.
And on this radio station, they'd be calling it,
oh, what time is that that six years game start?
Am I right?
Am I absolutely positively?
Uh-huh.
Yes.
I got two calls on the board here, though, from very concerned people.
Here's a lady in Coral Springs.
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I just wanted to call.
I heard a listen to this morning.
And I have three children, a five-year-old, a four-year-old,
and a two-year-old.
And it's just making me sick.
What's going on today?
It's just up to a few weeks ago about if parents, you know,
there's a movie on and a parent in a child's visa booth,
the parents freak out.
Yeah.
But they'll want to let their kids watch, head to being blown off.
Yeah, we're worried about body parts and language.
Those are the things that we're worried about.
In the meantime, we got body parts flying in the schools
and not the same ones we're talking about.
Exactly.
I mean, it's scary.
And I see, you know, I mean, my kids right now are just in preschool.
And I see things now where, you know, parents are like,
they've got the kid off, and they said, that's the end of my responsibility.
And they don't understand it, you know?
And we got this actual call before five minutes ago,
that's worried about fetuses.
Exactly.
They're like, I'm talking before the fetus huggers.
They don't care about you once you get out of the wool.
They couldn't give a crap about anybody.
You could start to that.
You'll never get a lending hand or any interest from them.
All they care about is sticking the nose and everybody else's business
and hugging the fetus.
Exactly.
And having this great debate on when does life start?
It's unbelievable.
These people who have so much time just dwell on that need to really start focusing on some more important issues.
And they ain't going to happen.
You can just see it.
Nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
It's not going to change.
You're right.
You're right.
The public in this country, man, they got the average IQ of a food fly.
They do.
I totally disagree with you.
I mean, these are these parents, you know?
They don't want their kids to cry.
But then sometimes you got to cry a little bit.
Especially in this country.
Exactly.
You're like sweetheart.
Thanks, Neil.
See you.
Bye.
Okay, down to our last call.
Let's take it.
Hi, Alia.
Hello, Neil.
How are you this morning?
You know what I've noticed that lacks nowadays is discipline.
I believe and I've noticed that parents nowadays are not as strict as they used to be in the old days.
I remember my father when I used to be a kid.
We used to go out somewhere and I was misbehaving just by looking at me.
I know that either, you know, ship up or you're going to get your ass whooped.
Ship up or ship out, right?
And nowadays, I mean, kids do whatever they want with their parents.
Bottom line.
Kids are running their parents.
I've talked about that all the time.
Are you going to a store?
And the kids, the little kids are running wild in the aisles.
And they're deciding what the parents are going to buy.
They run their parents around like they know, like they have them on a leash.
Exactly.
They do whatever they want with their parents.
And their parents say, they're disciplined.
Nowadays discipline.
And I believe that, you know, it's just incredible.
I mean, you got to remember that all these people can kill them.
Nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
They don't care.
You're the only caller on this board, sir.
We just had another shooting at a high school right outside Atlanta, Georgia, which is only a stone throw away from here, by the way.
And nobody in this audience care.
You know something?
I'm going to tell you right now, this country's a frickin' disgrace.
You people are a goddamn disgrace.
How can you sit there and this goes on day?
Like I said, this before over the years.
The Americans have a never-ending ability to accept anything, no matter how unacceptable it is, they can be conditioned to any crap that goes on.
No matter what it is, they just accept it as another goddamn news blurb.
That's all.
There's another topic for John Gibson on MSNBC, the Scream and Carry On.
And so we can have another two or three town hall meetings.
So that Ted Cobb, I mean, I can't understand how this could still be going on.
I mean, didn't Ted Cobb will have a town meeting on this?
Am I right?
So how the hell could it still be going on?
If we could just have three or four more town meetings with Jeff Reemblum, that battling idiot on CNN, shouldn't that stop all these things?
I can't generate any calls on here today.
I got two fucking calls on the board.
Because you all got a lot of jaw.
Nobody's angry. Nobody cares. Nobody gives a flying crap.
And you make me sick to my stomach.
I wasn't feeling that great in the first place when I came in.
Now I like to puke. I just like to puke.
The most indifferent goddamn collection of misfits in the world right here in this country.
Everybody running around with their guns.
Oh, we don't want a rogue government.
The rogue government is in your problem right now, Mr.
Your problem is a bunch of crazy people shooting each other up.
Every time they get pissed off, they just like to rub the blood with the learners thing home story.
The old bag.
Well, she's going to send me to a nursing hall out.
Yeah, that'll take care of her.
And it did.
She's dead.
And now we're going to have a big debate on whether they should try old grandma there for murder.
Grisled up old vegetable in a wheelchair.
What's the difference is it make?
Here's a mobile in western. Hello.
Hey, Neil. I just have a question for you.
I want to know what makes you the expert on raising children.
Meaning what?
You were talking to the lady before.
Who said I'm an expert on raising children.
I have two eyes and two ears.
I can see what's going on.
Are you an expert, sir?
I didn't say I was an expert.
I'm not on a radio show.
Tell me how to raise children.
No, I didn't say how to raise children.
But you don't think there's a problem?
Oh, I definitely don't think children ought to be disciplined.
You think there was something wrong with what I said?
Yes, I do.
We're like what?
Well, you got to give a case of point.
And what's your definition of discipline?
In other words, the thing that I just talked about about kids running their parents by their nose
and running rampant in the stores and so on.
You don't see that on their arrest互?
You don't see that?
No, no, no.
Okay, Ray, well, open up your eyes, pal.
You must be the only one.
You must be, see again, he wants to make an attack on me.
I don't have any children.
Therefore, what could I possibly know about raising children?
Right.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one lie.
Takes a genius to see that there's something wrong out there.
Taking it takes a road scholar to go into a supermarket or into a restaurant and see the kind of crap that kids are doing.
Discipline, baby, respect.
That's what we need.
And a bunch of parents who care, which is very obvious by the lack of response, see any asshole can call in here and attack me
because they disagree with what I'm saying or because they have some homophobic comment they want to make.
That's simple.
That goes on every goddamn day, with or without kids getting blown away in school.
That takes a lot of material on your part.
Here's a mobile in Davy.
Hello.
Hey, Neil God.
Yes, sir.
We got one question.
How come in this country, nobody gets to work up about the high school shootings, but if they see you slap your kid in the toy store and they want to send you a jail?
Your kid, and that's the guy wants to know that that's a good example right there.
Kids need to be slapped in the side of the head every now and then.
Parents that keep threatening to discipline their kids and they never do it.
And I've seen this a million times.
The kids just laugh at them.
Well, maybe if people get the priorities a little bit more in order this country did a little bit better off.
Okay, you inhale right now.
I'll let you know when I exhale.
That's what you got to go.
Okay.
Hold your breath and then we'll tell you when the American public.
That's right. Don't discipline your kids.
Don't swat them off the side of the head.
Just let them run to Ratham.
Just let them rule the rules because you know in the meantime you're too busy worrying about other crap anyway.
Here's Davy. Hello.
How are you?
Okay.
I'll probably get blasted.
I want to put an intended.
I disagree with you on something.
I disagree with you on something.
Go ahead and be mine.
I agree.
Well, I don't belong to the NRA.
But I feel that if this kid wanted to go in and shoot at the high school,
it wouldn't matter how many laws are in the books,
he would go out and get a gun and do it anyway.
He would go out and get a gun. Where would he get it?
If guns weren't readily available in this country, how would he get it?
How did kids and candidates go out and get a gun?
They don't go out and get it.
How did the kids and most of the countries in Western Europe,
how did the kids and the Netherlands go out and get a gun?
How did the kids in England go out and get a gun?
Guess what? They don't.
I understand.
They don't get them.
I understand that.
But I think you're touching on the problem and I think the symptom is the guns killing people and I agree.
That's a big problem. Don't get me wrong.
But I think you're touching with the parents the way they raise their kids.
I mean, the kid, the guy just called you up.
I mean, he thinks his kid out of the toys are us and buys them a thousand dollars
with the new toys today because he feels bad.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
I don't know. We don't know anything about even who this kid is
or anything with a student there or anything about his family.
It's just, it's just, we know that the family in Colorado of the one kid of Eric Harris,
we know that the family had to take one of the bonds he made out in the woods and detonated somewhere
and should have been well aware of what kind of crap was going on with him.
I'm concerned as you are and I'm sorry that your board's not lit up.
I mean, this shock is all.
But I just, you know, sitting here and calling people names or calling them right wing or fanatical
I don't think that's also a problem, you know.
I really don't. I think people have a good understanding.
You think I believe I'm going to solve the problem here on the radio in this town?
Hey, what are your numbers? A lot of people listen to you.
A lot of people listen, but it's obvious the effort that I have to go through to get them to respond.
They don't care about them.
Well, maybe some people don't agree with the way you're still trying to solve the problem.
By calling people right wing fanatics and you vote for publicans and this and that and this and that.
Maybe some people call you and they don't think that's the only thing that's going to be public in this town.
Why don't I say the public?
Well, when you nail the right wing and the religious fanatics and everything, you know,
let me tell you something.
I went to public school until ninth grade.
My parents took me and put me in a Catholic high school.
And you know something? Forget the religion part of it.
They taught me respect for people and how to treat people.
They taught you respect for a guy in a dress?
You know, there you go.
All right.
No, no, no, wait a minute.
What?
What?
That's kind of common as I'm just talking to you.
It's an obvious comment.
Whether you believe in the religion or not, they have different, they have more different plans in certain schools.
They don't tolerate certain crap.
And in public schools, they put up with a lot of crap.
So you're going to tell you something, kind of what you call discipline that goes on in many of the religious schools.
There are scant, I agree with you.
I agree with you.
No, I agree with you.
I'm not beating the crap out of the girls in Catholic school.
I mean, the stuff that goes on is legendary.
You were lucky.
I didn't look like I was in it.
I'm just talking about respect for people.
They taught me respect for people.
I didn't even hear them in the confessional.
I listen to you show all the time, all right?
But I'm just talking about respect.
And they don't teach that in public schools.
I don't feel they teach.
See, I don't respect the guy that gets the trust of the family and then molester children.
I don't really respect that guy, okay?
Are you saying that I do?
No, I'm just talking to it.
Well, like I said, you were lucky.
Yeah.
Well, maybe or maybe ugly one or the other.
Have a great day.
Huh?
Maybe he's ugly.
I don't know.
Maybe father O tool had, you know, maybe he was busy.
Maybe he had his limit.
You know, like when you go fishing, don't they have a limit on that?
Uh-huh.
I'm not going to say.
I mean, no, I don't expect.
I don't care when you agree or disagree, but say something.
I listen to this guy.
Say something.
But don't stop bringing it all at right wing bull crap.
He says, I shouldn't say right wing about abortion.
What's abortion got to do with this?
Partial term abortion, my ass.
And then we got men calling in here.
You know, men calling in telling women what they should do with their bodies.
The God squad.
Three minutes before 11 at Q.A.M.
Well, that's right.
We're not doing the ID now.
Because we already did it.
That's good.
Because George was just reminding me about that business yesterday between Tom Selec.
And that's that disgusting pig Rosio Donald.
See, people think that I'm just looking for a bunch of rubber stamps to agree with me.
I have to agree with what you said yesterday.
But she brings, and I can't stand Tom Selec.
I can't stand him in any way, shape or form.
But she was dead wrong.
He'll bring somebody on an entertainment show like that under the guise of plucking his new movie.
And then all of a sudden the ambulance, so to speak, on gun laws.
Because he's a member of the NRA.
He's not a spokesman for the NRA, which he accused them of being.
And she just kept getting more obnoxious and more obnoxious.
And they showed it like 50 billion times.
I happen to agree with everything she says about guns, but she's still dead wrong
in the way she did that crap yesterday.
Fat pig.
56670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
See, I think we'll be okay.
As long as Rosio Donald's going to bet for common sense, we'll be okay.
There you go.
Here's a lady mobile in West Palm.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, I have three children.
One's 26, a boy.
One's 12.
He's a boy and then I have a three-year-old daughter.
And the violence today, especially with my 12-year-old,
I can't even let him ride the school bus to school because he gets beat up.
The school bus driver gets beat up.
They can't keep enough cameras and aids on the buses to help our children save.
And the school system is completely at last.
As far as being able to keep these kids in control, and personally, I feel that the parents really need to get involved.
And really learn how to parent and learn how to discipline in today's society.
The word discipline needs to teach, not to beat your kid or slap them across the rampage.
And the parents have also got to get involved with a school to the point where they start backing up the school.
And the teachers and the people who are supposed to be disciplinarians in the school,
instead of this crap that's been going on the last 20 years, thanks to Mr. Dr. Spock,
of, oh, my kid can't do any wrong, et cetera, and so on.
It's always, also against the school system, my kid can't do any wrong.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely. You've got to get involved with your kids.
If you get to ride the school bus, you've got to ride the school bus.
If you don't pick up a gun and choose from budding on the school bus
because you're trying to parent your children.
But it's such a violent, you know, kids just to play with guns and, you know,
the Indians and Cowboys. And today, you know, it's a whole different, you know, I did.
You can't have that type of violence shown to these children because they're being programmed to kill
by watching on this violence on TV.
Yeah, but like I said before, if they had the proper upbringing like they do in civilized countries,
it wouldn't make any difference how much they saw on television because they would know the difference
between reality and fantasy. That's the whole thing right there.
Just because you see something on television doesn't mean you go out and do it.
And it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.
This is a television show. This is a movie. This is a video game.
All right.
The rights of the world they're able to differentiate between reality and fantasy
and America. Our kids are so stupid and so under-
and have been instilled with none of the rights values.
They don't have any respect for human life.
Oh, that sounds like a good idea. Let's go kill a bunch of people.
Right. And kids today, everybody has rights to keep the rights. They want to be heard.
They want to be noticed, but they're doing it the wrong way.
And the parents are not in the home.
And the parents are not working.
The school system is concerned.
All these kids that are disrupting the class today, expel them now.
Find a special place. Find a reform school.
Let's start building a lot.
But nobody's building a lot on that.
Let's building a lot on that.
Let's get them out of the way and let the kids who want to learn something learned.
Yeah, but nearly you expel them and where the kids are going to go out on the streets
because their parents are going to take care of them.
The parents aren't there.
Like I said, reform school sounds good to me.
Good luck Neil.
Okay.
I'm in there. I'm going to school. I'm going to school bus. I'll drive the bus.
Okay. See ya. Oh, yeah, speaking of driving the bus, you see the deal with a horrible accident.
They had with that bus driver a couple of weeks ago. But anyway,
5670560, pound 560 on the way. See, this is a country where nobody cares about these things.
And now you're starting to reap the benefits, so to speak. Nobody cares about that stuff.
Nobody cares about who's driving the school bus. Nobody cares about who the teachers are or making background checks on child molesters who want to
teaching it a variety of private schools, including peripheral schools. We don't care about these things.
And this guy that's giving me a lecture about being an expert on kids. Let me tell you right now,
you don't have to have any kids to know that this country doesn't care about kids.
In the least, they don't give a crap. Except making money off of them, they don't care about them.
Here's my name, Beach. Hello.
Hey, you know, this whole situation is ridiculous. I don't even know what to say. I grew up in the Midwest.
I had tons of plastic toy guns with my friends. My family and my friends with wheeled guns.
But I need a different reality in fantasy. And now I have a little brother who's 12 years old.
My parents are up in Austin, Nashville, in plantation, nice areas. His biggest concern is getting beat up at school.
And the teachers talk to him and abonics, and everybody that goes to school with, they think the ghetto is the greatest place to grow up.
And the teachers talk down to get my brother. They talk down to him because he's super English, he's there to learn.
And he's scared to death. The other day, he told me it's the biggest concern out, getting crackered.
I go, what's that? And he goes, getting crackers, or all the kids of a certain ethnicity from an unworked of an offset in ethnicity and they beat him up.
Great. And, you know, I cry. There's nothing, there's nothing that I can do. My parents have gone to school. They've talked to the administrators. They said they can't do this.
And they just laugh. Look at these dumb hicks from the Midwest. This is the city.
The world that denies this is that work that as soon as you show any bit of compassion or empathy for an unbeknownst to being a view of being weak, and you're not going to survive.
This is not the stone age. It's totally ridiculous. The last thing I want to do is have my parents pull them out and put them in a cafe school where anything that he does the rest of his life is pleasurable, he'll be concerned and feel guilty.
I don't want his mind worked that way. So what is there to do?
See you at the passport office. Yeah. Good luck. Okay.
Yeah, we got, we got principles. We got the superintendents. We got teachers who are so illiterate that it's embarrassing who couldn't put an assent together, maybe 10 to 20 they could put together.
Couldn't put a proper sentence together if he held a gun to their head, pardon that expression.
Well, somebody wrote a great column. Was it Robert Steinbach the other day who really writes anything that makes sense that finally wrote a good column. Remember that thing about the kids that killing in high.
And that big stink we had a couple of year. In fact, it was right after our first came back on here was last year, like a year and a half ago.
Yeah, they really nipped that in the butt and the principal down there saying, oh, you see, we took care of that.
We censored what they had to say.
As if that had something to do with it.
That's right. If just everybody talks nice, if we just put the 10 commandments up there and dress everybody up in the uniforms.
See when you dress them all up in uniforms and they all look the same, then you won't have anybody in there with trench coats on.
So you won't know the ones who are doing the shooting.
They all look the same, just like the Nazis.
9 minutes after 11 is 560 WQM. If you're a child, you're falling.
We're going to be more confused, but still alive despite the very sales of Justin Day.
Like all ambitious oil stains.
There's a year, 28.
You're going to look around and find that something has changed outside of innovative things to do.
Like that's the way of the sausage fooling fool.
We're going to be more confused.
We're going to be more confused.
We're going to be more confused.
We're going to be more confused.
99, 99, 99.
When we go through this again and hear you why.
We won't be able to watch these things.
Unless we upgrade to a Microsoft 3.
In the year, 3,000.
I'm sure that's happening and we'll have a new space.
Let me 15 at 560 WQM.
Hank Goldberg is two.
We got talking baseball down to be at 6 o'clock, 630 to Marlon Pregame, Pirates and Marlins from the PP Park.
I don't know.
It's good that I played that at that point because it brings back to my last Friday show.
No, seriously, this is terrifying.
As a throwaway comment.
I mean, just a turtle throwaway.
I had a whole bunch of stuff I wanted to talk about.
I had usual.
I just mentioned, we're getting these people that keep arguing about this.
When is the next millennium really start?
It's obviously in the year 2001.
And I'm, oh, God forbid I should do that again.
Four solid hours.
I never had to give the number out really.
We could have done 10 hours.
And almost every single one of these people I'd call was guess what?
Wrong!
Wrong.
An adamant.
Hostile.
The fact machine was smoking.
Hostile.
Oh, you're such an idiot.
We're losing your laughing at you.
Yeah.
And then come to find out after the facts started coming in from the NASA scientist and everybody.
Anybody with a brain and IQ bigger than their penis size?
Oh, I guess what?
I guess you were right.
This is the level of education you got in this country.
You've got a bunch of morons running around on the loose.
Idiots.
Lane brain.
Give them a map of the country they couldn't find a state that they live in if you held a guy down.
Who's you there as?
They still couldn't find it.
I mean, you've got to get a balance in life.
There's got to be the yin and the yang and the in and the out and the up and the dunks.
There's no balance in this country.
Everything's got to be fun and games.
How much can be exploited?
How much money can we make from it?
How much money a star war is going to gross?
Who gives a flying crap?
That's something that's important.
No.
You know that your suite as it's not important.
But guess what boys and girls?
That's the American fucking way.
Amen.
Crap.
Nonsense.
Narrow's kite.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
One thing I wanted to say, unless we know ahead of time where the school shootings are going to happen,
I don't see how we can prevent it from happening unless you know ahead of time where and when it's going to happen.
Yeah.
These kids will steal guns.
So they're going to get guns no matter what.
Even if the gun laws were stricter, they're going to, they'll steal them, they'll get them one way or another.
Some of the words you're saying, it's hopeless.
Well, there are things, you know, you could beef up security at schools.
Yeah.
Let me ask you this, and how about armed security guards in every public school in the country?
I would say yes.
I do too.
And one other thing that I don't know if you heard about this, but this might be coming up soon in public schools,
is see through backpacks where you can actually see what the kids are bringing into school.
Yeah.
That's one thing that might be coming up.
And mental detectors?
Exactly.
That's the only thing I can think of because you know these things are going to keep happening.
And another big problem is you know these teenage kids, when they're 18 years old, you know, they let them out of jail.
I mean, you know, the laws aren't script enough for juvenile.
Amen.
You know, they need to make a lot of money.
Yeah, something like that when somebody 14 kills you, you're just as dead as if they were 22.
Exactly.
But the thing is, when they turn 18, they let them go.
Right.
You know, just like that one in Chicago, those two kids that killed that little girl.
You know, they're going to be out when they're 18 years old.
Okay.
Good luck.
Good luck.
Sounds hopeless.
567-0560-050560 on the 18-2 wireless line.
It's hopeless.
Let's just draw arms up on the air and say, let's have a party.
Here's Lighthouse Point.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
I'm off to work today early because every Thursday of the month, I tried out for my son's
school.
And if there was one scenario where I'm walking through the hall in the first place, do you work
here?
I don't know.
What are you doing here?
I'm a parent.
I come to see my teacher.
Can I help you?
Yes, please.
No, that's why I'm here to help you because you don't have enough parents coming out here.
It is school to take care of these kids.
You let them return to school every day after incident, after incident, after incident.
Right.
I get there for my son's classroom.
The teacher's like, oh, well, you know, I sent home a note the other day and it wasn't
that important or drastic.
She was letting me know what happened.
I saw her.
She was, you sent home a note.
It's important to me.
And I come out here and I'll take care of the problem.
And I'm looking at this lady.
She should have been retired 20 years ago.
Yeah.
So, halfway through the school year, I had to pull him out of her class because she's scared to send home a note.
Because if the kids get home and parents find out, they come back and I guess they nail her to the wall.
So that's part of the problem there and it's tough.
But when my son comes home with a note or just bad in school and all that, I put my foot in his ass.
That's where it needs to be.
And I need to drag some of my neighbors out there to the school because I see their kids off the wall when I get there.
And that's where it needs to start.
And these kids, they don't need book bags.
They'll let them carry that damn book.
They can arrive at school.
Yeah.
How come all the rest of us went to school without a book bag and duffel bags and all this other crap?
How come we could just carry our books in this bag?
Let them carry their, they don't need a book bag.
That's the problem right there.
They're bringing all these Gucci bags and leather bags and all that stuff.
And they're harbor and nothing but weapons.
I mean, nobody seems to want to hear.
I'm asking a question.
I think it's a reasonable question.
How does a kid bring a 22 caliber rifle in the school this morning in Georgia?
How do you get a rifle in a school?
I don't even understand how.
I don't know.
And the answer isn't put security in school when my child is full.
Why not?
Well, wouldn't you feel better if there was security in your school?
Or a certain extent, you know, but these parents, you know what they do?
They leave their home.
The kids go to school in a double bag and come right back into the home.
My son leaves home.
I have his door key.
He's his, his audio.
He can I get back into the home to get my gun?
Now, he can get someone else's gun, but he already knows.
He can't get that, he's gunned.
And if he does get it, he'll be breaking it.
And as old as he is, he shouldn't have to break into his own home.
If there's an emergency, I'm notified.
I meet him here, but I take him out from school.
I don't let him drive his car to school.
Okay.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay.
All right, keep doing it.
I still think, you know, if we have to have like an armed camp at every school in the country,
that's, you know, that sort of have to wind up in.
See, I think that maybe like adults responsible people,
if there's anybody going to be armed on a school campus, it ought to be security people.
Now, I keep thinking back to seeing the soldiers with the oozees on the streets in Rome
and feeling very, very safe once I got used to it.
What's that there's still what it was all about?
Nobody else had any gun.
There was no violent crime.
There weren't anybody getting shot in the streets.
And in a country where the government changes like every six months,
they're still not all panicking.
After what they've been chewed over there with Mussolini and all that crap,
there's still not in the panic about some rogue government coming in and threatening their safety.
I mean, that's the lamest goddamn excuse.
See, one thing about the gun nuts in this country,
you can't deal with logic when you have to try to have a conversation with them.
There is no logic.
They'll rationalize it anyway and every way because you can't take away their shiny, hard things.
It's their manhood, man.
It would be like cashewing them.
That's what makes them a man is having that peace.
Civilized countries, let me say it again, people aren't walking around with weapons.
I know that comes in a great shock.
Here's for a lot of deal.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How's it going, Neil?
Listen, you know, I agree with you about the armed guards.
I have teenagers, okay?
And I've tried my best to read them properly.
But here's the problem.
It's just like what you're saying with the fetus hunger.
It's the same exact thing.
They love it.
They'll tout it.
They'll say, you know, you're going to protect the fetuses and then when they get to be kids, they don't give a rat.
That's right.
They don't care about anybody.
That's, like I said, that's out of their mothers womb.
They couldn't care less.
We got mothers taking babies and flushing them down toilets.
We got mothers taking babies and flushing them in dumpsters because there's so many unwanted babies being born.
They don't care about that.
That's right.
That's correct.
You know what, Neil?
I knew I was in for a long haul when I was, when my kids were about six years old, 67.
And I paddled with my hand.
I struck my daughter a couple times for doing something ridiculous, like sticking a pen in an electrical socket.
She wanted me to do a friend's house and the mother thought, oh God, I'm going to do a great thing.
I'll call HRS to use abuse in the kids.
You know, calling HRS?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
HRS should have a dollar.
Okay, isn't that beautiful?
Okay, and of course they saw the house was immaculate.
I was perfect.
Everything was beautiful, but then they went away.
But the thing is, nobody will let you raise your kids.
They always have a great idea.
How about minding their own God-Dan business?
Neil?
I realize that's a very good concept.
No, this is America.
Nobody minds their own God-Dan business in America.
You know that?
Everybody's a Yenta.
Everybody has to tell all.
To everyone.
All right?
And you know what?
My kids, before the age of 10, knew what HRS was.
They knew what divorced from your parents were.
They knew about everything you think you'd get away with.
And believe me, they're going to try.
Okay?
And not because I'm black, but as a parent.
All right?
Because society isn't allowing me to be a parent.
All right?
And that's what I can tell you.
I mean, it's absurd.
Good luck.
Thanks, Neil.
Okay, you'll leave it.
Yeah, let's sue mommy and daddy.
What do they call parental malpractice?
Let's get some more lawyers involved in this.
Not.
560-560.
560 on the AT&T wireless.
It's safe!
In Miami, Charles.
Yes.
As five to two WQA.
Yeah.
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it's true.
He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my wife.
I am from Joe.
My mother is my dear Amphloid.
It is very plain to see my first cousin is me.
Oh!
Yeah!
That's what they're saying.
Come here.
George in this morning, man.
It's 1130-560-WQAM.
560-560-WQAM on the AT&T line.
8 million calls correcting us on when the next millennium starts.
Almost every one of them are all quiet.
And here today, man, work like a son of a bitch to try to get any response at all.
Like I said, they don't give a crap.
Carl's brain.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, when I grew up, it was respect to a fear.
My father ruled with an iron hand.
Right.
And, you know, I went to high school with 4,000 kids and none of us were crazies.
And the neighbors used to, you know, they'd take your home too if you did something wrong.
It was an oil around effort by a community.
And people did care.
People did get involved.
Today, they hide behind closed curtains and see if you smack your kid.
And then they'll just report you.
And not only that guy they called me for, right?
Right.
You know, another funny thing is today, you know, I was in broad.
We celebrated the religious holidays.
Well, holidays.
And that was it.
Oh, yeah.
I don't believe in God today because it didn't teach me not to be a criminal or anything I
run that at home.
As far as all these gun nuts, there's only one fix for this.
There's really no guns.
Right.
I mean, there's not like, you know, we don't have the hunt.
Do I have the hunting either?
How?
I don't think so.
Like I said before, and then nobody is refuted.
There isn't one person in this audience that has a rifle or a shotgun because they go
out in a kill game for their meals.
No, nobody does that anymore.
And I don't know what kind of a weapon is somewhere.
Nobody does that.
And Ferrozeo Donald attacking yesterday, there was one funny thing that she said about
well, we don't need to have muskets.
You know, the English Army coming, you know, you go to the second amendment and all that.
And she was really right about that.
I mean, so if these gun nuts want to have guns, let them have those single shot muskets
or they want.
Okay.
I think she was saying, time smell like he was wearing musk.
That's smell like something.
Like nice going, Rosie.
But you got a lot of free publicity about it.
That's what it's all about.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line as we continue pressing and pushing and
plotting and squeezing and praying, you should part in the expression for a little bit of
response here, a little bit of concern, a little bit of something.
Wow.
You know, it was only six kids got hurt one in a foot.
And you know, what do you make it a big deal about?
And of course, the gun people, they're peeing in their pants, the gun huggers because now
even guys like Orange Stats and all these other gun huggers who are in the pocket to the
NRA in Congress because of the tremendous public pressure because evidently not here
in this town, but evidently somewhere in this country, somebody cares because they've
been ringing their phones off the goddamn hook screaming and yelling like wild people that
this bull crap has got to stop.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
Hold for a second.
Yes, I was calling the comment on the latch element that spoke as far as having a guards
in the house, they're in school, anything like that.
You know, guards are in banks and any of their rob banks.
If they're just going to cause unnecessary shooting even the decrease, guards, you can mistake
a water gun for real gun and blow the kid away.
We don't need that.
We need to go back and keep it simple, you know, like the case is idea, keep it simple,
stupid, get rid of the gun, get rid of bullets, that's all I have to say.
Okay.
And every-
Get rid of the gun, she said get rid of the gun, get rid of the bullets.
Let's start going out confiscating right now.
They're going to be knocking on your door before midnight tonight.
That's right.
You can't take away my gun.
Oh, geez.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, guns don't kill people.
Only lunatics and irresponsible people with guns kill people.
Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Coke on a creek, hello.
Hi, Dale, how are you today?
Okay.
Great.
I just want to make a nice little story here.
I got a story for you.
Probably going to get a kick out of.
I work in the field of fire rescue.
I see people do silly things all the time.
They've total lack of respect for society with morals whatsoever.
People don't have any more, most of the most part.
Give a little story.
In North Lauderdale, a dog was chasing a suspect into a lake.
The dog drowned and died.
Within a day or so, there were two small children killed and any
reservation done to them.
What's Miami-Dade?
And within two days, there was thousands of dollars in the trust fund for the dog.
Not even a single person showed up for the three-year-old for the children.
Nice.
Now, is that sad on society's part?
Is that not disgusting?
Nobody cares.
Like I said, you read about these stories every day about these scumbags,
these so-called mothers, taking their babies and throwing them in pizza ovens
and in dumpsters and flushing them down toilets.
And people accept this like this is the way things are done in a real world.
This is the way it's supposed to be.
I wish you could take a ride with us one time.
This city, the silly things people do, just what they do to each other for a dime, for a cigarette.
They'll just shoot and stab each other and they just go to the parking space.
For the comment on how these kids get into these gangs and they get guns,
some parents' idea of parenting is they make a great book, they make a good living.
They live on Coral Springs Plantation, they make a good dollar.
Well, they're a kid, here they go.
They give them a credit card, a cell phone and a car.
They provide it for their children.
They have no idea where they are.
They run on the streets where they have no, they have no sense of family, so they get into a gang.
And then that's how these gangs get started.
That's why we have so many gangs in Coral Springs.
And believe it or not, there are a lot of gangs in Coral Springs.
Oh, I know that.
So I mean, these people, the parents, if they think they're a good parent
because they make a lot of money and they give their kid a credit card in a cell phone,
they really need to evaluate what a parent really is.
Amen. Okay, thanks a lot, Bill.
5670560.560 on the AT&T Wireless Line.
You know, that guy that was giving me a son of an aunt before about what makes me an expert on parenting.
What makes your priest an expert on parenting?
How many kids has he got?
What makes your priest an expert on marriage?
What's the last time he got married?
What makes your priest who's supposed to be celibate, by the way, an expert on sex,
so he's a sex counselor for the whole family, huh?
Oh, yeah.
The hypocrisy, the bullcrap, the things that people accept,
just because somebody tells them it's supposed to be that way.
And just like I told you the other day, in this world, things are very rarely what they appear to be on the surface.
Believe me when I tell you that.
And you'll never guess who called me at home, not only once, while I was sick, but two days in a row,
to find out what it was that I was talking about that I'm not going to repeat.
They start.
That's a clue.
Okay?
That's a hint.
Who is just losing sleep.
I can't even count the number of hours of sleep.
He's going to lose these next several weeks because I know something and he doesn't.
And he knows that he would like to know it and he also knows that I will never tell him.
Just remember what I told you.
Things in life aren't what they appear to be on the surface.
22 till noon is 5.50 and agency people are assholes.
Road rage is increasingly becoming a factor in many automobile accidents.
God fuck you and your son of a bitch.
Most of the people involved are men.
A glorious sign on the road rage university, they're teaching women to demand equality on the roadways.
Hey, don't get in my fender, you crazy bitch.
That's not a sense of fennel.
That's a decent fennel.
You want somewhere else?
Huh?
You go, girl.
Have glorious sign on road rage you will show you how to compete in the aggressive field of automotive assault
with our three point system of successful confrontation engagement.
Seek out, erratic drivers.
Make eye contact.
Go to that special place where your PMS always lives.
The glorious sign on road rage university.
Remember our motto.
That's not a windshield.
It's just another glass feeling back to it and take some butt now.
Okay, bad news for the gun huggers out there again.
CNN just reporting that Al Gore came into the Senate and cast the Thai-breaking voter was tied 50-50
to pass the Democratic gun control bill.
Ooooo!
There was stricter and more stringent and made more sense than the other one.
How do you like that?
Boy, the gun huggers, they're losing minutes by minute.
Next thing you know, they'll be taking away your gun.
Ooooo!
How do you like that?
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, switch gears for a moment.
Yes, sir.
The status of Patrick Humor for the next game?
Meaning what?
Is he going to play it in there?
You're asking me, like I know and I care.
I thought you did everything.
And I care about some big freak.
Well, the next.
I mean, yeah, that's the last.
Well, the next out your ass, okay, asshole.
There's what's wrong with this radio station.
Like I said, they could be shooting up kids two blocks down the street here
and we'd be on here talking about horse crap.
Get a goddamn brain, you jackass.
Get on the subway with Bernard Get.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
That guy is one of the main problems in society today.
Yeah.
They don't care about the people out there.
They'd rather be watching a bunch of freak's play and basketball up and down and bet none.
Okay?
I just was watching also CNN about this.
Yeah, that's right.
This guy don't even give a crap about the game all he wants it to is make a bet.
Oh, he wants to make a bet.
The generous scumbag.
Incredible.
Let's see, that goes on in society today.
And like you say, people don't care.
And that gets passed on to the kids.
Because all the problems that we have in today's society,
gangs, shootings, stabbings, the car jacking,
all that stuff, okay,
is kids that had parents that didn't take care of them.
Didn't know where they were at a certain time.
Didn't discipline them when they were small children.
When they got big, they weren't disciplined enough.
Well, Daddy doesn't care where I'm at.
I'm going to go do whatever I want.
Okay?
If the government is serious about taking care of this now big issue that's in front of the people
as far as school violence and guns is concerned,
it has to be a twofold safe.
The government has to eventually eliminate all the guns.
That's not going to happen.
It's not going to happen.
But today, look on CNN.
This is a good first step.
Yeah.
It's not going to happen.
It's not going to happen.
All the guns, there will be a revolution in this country.
The gun lobby and the gun nuts are so powerful and so psychotic
and so adamant about this, you'd have to have a war to do that.
Right.
And then Neil, the vote was 50-50.
Yeah.
And it had to take someone to have the balls to say, okay, let's do it.
Well, it took a few Republicans who joined the Democrats and then Al Gore had to come in
and cast a bad-breaking vote.
Well, maybe it's a good start.
The other thing is the parenthood issue.
If parents are going to have children, they have to be also responsible.
Parents to teach those kids the right from wrong from the beginning of when that kid starts to develop a person.
Now, what is that going to happen?
Not going to happen in America.
That's awesome.
And I see it every day.
It's different times of the day.
Like you say, the guy who said, oh, we don't see the kids misbehaving in the restaurants or in the mall or here or there.
He's got to open his eyes because that goes on all the time.
I'll tell you why I see it because I do a lot of traveling.
I see it in the airports.
I see little kids, six, seven, eight, nine-year-old kids, who are running rampant.
Just going crazy in the airport.
I saw a kid open one of those security doors.
You know where the alarm goes off.
And the alarm is buzzing in the security guards are coming.
Why?
Because the parents aren't paying any attention.
If I was that kid, my parents say to me, sit down and shut up.
Okay?
Sit in your seat and we're ready to go.
Then we'll all go over there and get on the plane.
In the meantime, sit down and shut up.
And that's the way it should be.
Exactly.
When I-
Not today.
When I was raised by my dad,
he's got rest in peace now.
He's taught me right from wrong.
And when I stepped the wrong way, he was there to step on me.
Okay?
Once I got stepped on, I knew right from wrong.
He didn't have to step on me anymore.
Once I became an adult, he just had to look at me.
He'll be the face and say, okay, dad, I'm going to back off your right.
Just with looking at me.
And that was something that I inherited because he started disciplining me from the day one.
I came out of the womb.
If I did a wrong move, he was there to step on me.
And today, it's like everybody was saying,
parents rely too much on school and-
and they care and all this other stuff.
Parenting starts in the home.
If you're not a responsible parent, then don't have the kids.
Right.
Forst, there you go.
Thank you, sir. God bless you.
Have a good day.
See you.
Come back to my idea again.
Forst, sterilization.
You know, it's a take a generation to solve this problem.
But it's worth waiting for.
Take all the scumbags and sterilize them.
Line them up.
Because when scumbags reproduce, guess what?
More often than not, and it's really not worth taking the chance.
Scumbags make more scumbags.
And one of the real problems we got in this country is that some of the dumbest people-
you see the dumber you are, the more alien the concept of family planning and plant-
and all of these things are out the window.
They don't even know from these things.
And of course, you know, talking about road rage,
I can keep hearing like some of the people on this radio station talking about these scumbag jocks.
Oh, well, if only we could add an anger management course for Lawrence Phillips.
Maybe so what's so neat is an anger, you know,
aberrant grotesque things happen in this country,
and we come up with a category for it, road rage.
Road rage.
Who in hell have a herd of road rage?
We're talking about crazy people doing aberrant, unacceptable things that are high-rate to each other,
and we come up with a category for it.
Anger management courses.
I got an anger management course.
How about 10 to 20 sounds good to me?
For scumbags like Lawrence Phillips,
which I resent by the way that somebody on the station,
I don't want to mention any afternoon,
I mentioned a couple of days ago when I was driving home from work,
comparing Chris Antley with Lawrence Phillips,
which I resent bitterly hearing that crap.
I didn't know that Chris Antley beat up his wife or girlfriend or both of the ads,
well, which I don't know.
I don't think so.
Did he, a criminal record as long as his arm like Lawrence Phillips,
and somebody on this radio station was always talking about anger management courses
for scumbag jobs.
See, they're all the apologists.
All the apologists for trash.
Evander Holymoly feels, oh, he sure can fight.
And even though he did have five kids by five different women,
none of whom is his wife.
Or by the way, George.
Here's a wife, you know.
Yeah.
I don't know how many he, how many he created by her.
How many times he impregnated that bitch?
It's got kids by five different women married to none of them.
Oh, and so and so, and his gal pal.
See, that's another thing the media come up with is Chris and his gal pal.
They just had another baby.
Jodie Foster, she had a baby.
We don't know how.
Is there a father?
No.
That's the American effing way, man.
Just make babies.
Don't worry about who's going to bring them up.
Who's going to spend time with them?
Who's going to instill any proper values and discipline them?
Just make babies.
It's like a hobby.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay, check this out.
You and like the rodeo-dot-alite, two of the competitive people,
want to take gun control issue and make it that if we ban guns,
then we won't have a problem anymore.
And I want to think about something like prohibition.
Remember when we ban guns?
No, I didn't say that we're going to ban guns.
It's not going to happen.
You compare this to Italy and you call that a double society.
That's right, that's too late.
That's right.
But that would be a...
That would be ideal fascist PDR party over there.
You don't think people are scared of a small party becoming a coalition leader?
No.
You don't think so?
No, they're not.
Have you... I may catch you been to Italy.
I've been several times.
Yeah.
Are the people scared of it?
Certainly are.
No, they're not.
No, they're not.
Oh, please, Neil.
And let's put a bit more...
Are they scared in the Netherlands because nobody has any guns?
Neil, Neil.
Sir, are you going to respond to my question?
Oh, sure.
I will.
Are they scared in the Netherlands because they don't have guns to protect themselves?
In the Netherlands, they don't have a diverse population either, do they?
They don't have a diverse population.
How many times have you been to the Netherlands, sir?
Never been to the Netherlands.
Well, they have a very diverse population.
They have people from all over the world there.
Okay, Neil, hold on one second.
How about the Japanese?
Are they worried about...
They don't have handguns?
They're drugs early, all right?
I guess kids can't get a hold of drugs, right?
But that answered the question.
Sir, what you're saying is that lots of people don't make any effort to get rid of all of these guns and easy access and irresponsible.
See, there's nothing inherently wrong with guns unless they're in a hands of irresponsible people.
That's exactly the point.
And kids can't...
Why don't we say this to you?
Okay.
Kids, for example, in Colorado.
Those 18-year-old kids...
They can go out and buy a handgun.
They can't buy a pack of cigarettes.
They can't buy a bottle of beer.
They can buy a gun.
You think they might have to...
There's something wrong with this picture?
Not at all.
Not at all.
Not at all.
Neil, honestly think about this problem.
Are you going to respond to what I just said?
There's nothing wrong with an 18-year-old kid buying a gun?
Nothing at all?
Wrong with the kid.
The society has decided the kid isn't old and responsible enough to buy a beer or to buy a pack of cigarettes, but it can buy a gun?
Absolutely correct.
Based on what?
Based on what?
Based on what?
And they're going to go to jail.
No, but what?
Neil and Patelons are lost.
Sir, we have all kinds of laws in our right-wingers' stupid.
You're a gun lover, sir.
You're a gun hugger.
You're a maniac.
You're an idiot.
You're a scumbag.
You're god damn right.
I won't let you finish.
F&A.
Not an issue.
You're talking crap.
My dog can drop better.
Crap it in the backyard and it's coming out of your mouth right now.
Rationalizer.
Oh, well, that's the law.
Well, maybe it's a bad law, okay?
You jackass.
That 18-year-old kid need to be going and buying guns.
You idiot.
Give him a song and a dance about the Netherlands.
Has he ever been there?
No.
Oh, but they don't have a diverse population.
Right.
A diverse population.
You think they have a diverse population in Kanye's Georgia?
No.
They're all a bunch of red necks.
Just like one of the mothers of the kids from the school said on CNN this morning,
most of the kids in that school, she said, are red necks.
They grew up with guns.
They're obsessed with guns.
They're homes are all filled with guns.
Rifle shotguns, handguns, you name it.
They're gun crazy.
Just like Amsterdam, right?
You're a typical American.
You talk a lot.
You expand a lot of verbiage.
You go, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup.
And you don't say a god damn thing.
And any person, any adult in this audience
that would rationalize in an 18-year-old,
isn't old enough to drink a beer or to buy a pack of cigarettes,
but you're being able to want and buy a gun.
You want to be in prison, sir, or at the very least, forcibly sterilized.
So you can't reproduce.
You're a lunatic.
Maniac.
Oh, god.
I'm not going to sing, okay?
I don't have the voice to sing today.
Well, come on.
Arrow round the clock tonight.
And everything's bad.
If I could just get my head to blow up like Joe Rose,
huh?
Arrow round the clock tonight.
He's a lot better since he got that get filled in his teeth, you know?
I did that.
You're welcome, Joe.
Now, when you see me, I get a full-body day.
I don't have to grow up.
I'm a Gunner of Kids.
So I can always kill myself for something bad.
I did hit the gun to be cool when I kill everyone at school.
So if my dad said, it's okay.
I'll exercise my rights that finally end all day.
That let me be a Gunner of Kids.
He becomes a Uski.
I told him how to shoot.
Well, he really loves the side of blood.
No, wait, that guy on the cute.
I'm a homo-side.
I'll not see red next to the side on the internet.
I'm a lifetime member of the NRA.
That's why I raise the Gunner of Kids.
Here, son.
Oh, boy, it's quick to like Gunner.
I'm glad that you're a Gunner of Kids.
All right.
Okay, 12 o'clock at 5.60 WQAM.
I think I'm going to make it till 2.
Do I sound like it?
Huh?
Borderline.
Okay.
Like my dad.
5.6075.
6.505.
6.50 on mobile.
See, I blew it all in that last color.
Screaming and yelling and puking.
With little voice I got.
But you're an asshole, sir.
And I'm glad I was screaming and yelling because you're disgusting.
You an idiot.
Well, those little laws, well, guess what?
That's what they're doing in Congress right now.
They got a lot of bad laws and they're changing them.
So we don't have to have a goddamn wild-washed shootout mentality here.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you can't have a bottle of beer, but you want to buy a gun?
A gun a month?
How about the gun a month club?
Forget that Columbia record club.
How about the gun a month club?
You can buy one a month, you know?
Here's a mobile in Margie.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Listen, it's a friend from Rochester, New York, and a body of your uncle.
Let me tell you this.
I was schoolteacher 20 years on it.
Put security in every school.
That's number one.
And check out all the mental stuff.
And other things is go back to the old CC camps.
I think they got a few in the state and other states.
So when these kids act up, ship them to the CC camps.
Put them on conservation work.
Not a work card.
Right.
Work hard and train.
And let me tell you, the jail's all full.
Open up more of these air camps.
Put these here so that kids sit in their camp.
And they can do, because struck their days by doing a lot of work
like the old CC camps used to do.
And put them to work.
And another thing.
When a guy gets nailed on drugs twice, ship them, give them the book.
Send them on the camp.
Right.
Listen, you do a great job.
And let me tell you, Margie and I were friends and you come from great stock.
And let me tell you, you know why I am?
No.
Dancing Joe.
Well, let me tell you something.
Yeah.
What I do would I do.
And there wouldn't be a day good day in the whole year.
You do a great job.
Okay, Joe.
Keep on top of that.
Okay.
Don't let that.
Okay.
I told Ricky Martin that.
Keep on top of it.
And he said, no.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Oh, I forgot to mention this.
Somebody faxed this in.
Computer porn forces Harvard Dean to resign from Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The Dean of Harvard Divinity School was forced to step down.
And after pornography was found on his university own computer, Harvard sources said I went
there.
Oh, my God.
The university asked Ronald F. Theman to resign last fall rhymes with Theman.
Resign last fall for conduct on becoming after President Neil Rudensstein learned of the
situation.
Two university sources confirmed.
The material was not child pornography or in any other way illegal.
One of the sources said a Lutheran minister, Theman 52, is married with two adult children.
He was the Dean for nearly 13 years at the Divinity School, but they found porn on his
internet thing.
The other life, you know.
Well, they don't care.
You evidently ain't getting enough.
How do you like that?
Like I said, things in life, whatever they look like on a surface, you scratch a little bit underneath.
Just keep scratching it.
And you'll find something completely different.
Or by the way, speaking of scratch, have we talked to our good friend, the guy, I hate to bring
this up.
You know, on the air, I should have done it off here.
But while I'm thinking about it, you know, filled a bug man that I haven't seen in months,
and months, and months, and months, and months, and months, I got enough little teeny tiny
ants in my kitchen, talking about sitting in the camp.
I could start my own goddamn camp.
All I need is the uncles, because I got all the ants in the world, little teeny tiny ones,
and I'm thinking to myself, that was real nice to throw the head that guy come and do that great
job on my fancy and all that pressure cleaning.
But I thought Phil was also the bug man, you know.
And it kind of bugs me, because he's a great guy, but I never see him.
You know what I'm saying Phil?
You're a good guy, and you sweat a lot.
And you do a great job when I see you.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hope you're feeling better today.
You sound good all right.
I'm OK.
Listen.
I got two stories that I saw in yesterday's Sunset, and I think you would be interested in it.
OK.
First one was right on the front page about the old woman, a child or daughter, because she got her
a whole lot of her parents saying, you're seeing her all right.
To the old lady's home.
That's right.
That's the first person I thought of.
Here I had that with you.
I hope you don't have any trouble with that.
Don't ever threaten to send my mother to a nursing home.
It's a bad idea.
The second thing is, back in the local section, I saw a little article of a family that's trying to sue,
I think it hurts Renekar, because they rented a car to an Irish kid who went out and got drunk and killed somebody in their family.
And their suing hurts because her children have known that because the kid was Irish, he was going to go out and get drunk.
I almost fell out of my chair laughing so hard at times.
Good point.
Ridiculous.
There's a waste of what's time and they wonder about things.
But as far as this gun thing and all this discipline, I agree with a couple of callers back.
It's got to start with parents.
I remember when I was a kid and I did something wrong.
All my dad had to do was start taking it belt off, and I knew that I was in trouble.
And this is what's got to happen.
And the guy, crazy, dancing, Joe, they're hoping that drives it.
He had a good idea.
He had a good dancing.
He had a good dancing.
He had a good dancing.
He had a good dancing.
He had a good dancing.
He had a good dancing.
He had a good dancing.
He had a good dancing.
He had a good dancing.
He had a good dancing.
He had a good dancing.
He had a good dancing.
And I'll tell you what the problem is.
Yeah.
I'll tell you.
That's where it's at.
Like they got a call so once they know his Patrick Ewan is the bad boom playing for the next.
The missing link.
That's what he's worried about.
That's what his life circles about.
It's cash in the goddamn bet.
And speaking amongst these Solomon, he ain't here.
He slips through the fishes.
Okay.
So we can't take your bets, sir.
But I'm sure you'll find somebody who can.
And if you can't, I'm sure the people on this station will help you find somebody to take your illegal goddamn bet.
Hope you lose your ass.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know what they say?
Never written a card or a mic.
Yeah.
Well, anyways, they got that guy.
This is a great.
I thought that was a good point.
Yeah.
So much goodness.
The guy called the car's back.
He's an asshole.
I mean, this guy's talking about prohibition.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
He doesn't see the connection.
The prohibition was what you guys are talking about.
The guy who was talking about how, you know, it's okay to be able to buy a gun at a team but not be able to drink or smoke.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
I mean, prohibition was a rather personal freedom and anybody who doesn't know that's an idiot, especially he obviously sounded old enough to know that.
How do you done this one thing when you, when you are the gun, not only are you, you know, you're bearing the right to, of course, have weapons, but you also have the responsibility that you have.
You can take somebody's life.
It's not a joke.
I mean, if you're drinking, smoking, doing drugs, etc., etc., etc., etc., you're only destroying yourself if that's bad.
Oh, yeah.
I'll give you a better one.
Here's a country that's psychotic about marijuana, okay, since I mentioned the Netherlands.
Here's a country that's hysterical.
There are all these people.
There are thousands and thousands and thousands of people taking up space in jail sales today.
Jail sales because they either smoked a little bit of dope and got caught with it or they grew a little in the backyard or they sold a little bit of it, whatever was.
They're in jail today, but it's okay for 18 year olds to want to be buying guns.
Well, what kind of a country is that?
What kind of a bunch of cock-eyed crap are these people thinking about in this country?
All I got to say is the Republicans are held down to the country's health disrupting.
They don't even know it.
God-hate-and-guns, man.
I want to kind of change the game a little bit, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if you saw the best of Manny 99 from the New Times.
Yeah.
There's an article in the Metro section of Manny Miracle about the Virgin Mary statue, Little Diana.
All I got to say is the price.
I've taken some good ass mushrooms.
Okay.
All right.
Well, maybe they stopped over in the way back to Rome.
You know, on the way to the Vatican, they stopped at Amsterdam.
Maybe they didn't have a direct flight.
That's the...
What the hell is the name of that place?
I can name the house of conscious dreams.
Where they have the magic mushrooms and all these other things.
Yeah, magic mushrooms.
Once checked out by Dave Caprita, I think.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on our mobile one line.
We got Tank Goldberg, show it to a clock.
Let me give an anger management course on the show today.
For all the aberrant jocks out there.
I understand.
We got to pretend these are great guys so we can maintain the interest level by these people out there.
It protected something important.
Speaking of pretending something is important, talking baseball with Donnie B. at 6.
Marlon's pregame at 6.30, 7 o'clock to Marlon's and the pirate.
I almost said the penguins.
Anybody here?
No.
Butch not good.
It's great.
Anyone can release some new movie.
But it takes a true Hollywood visionary.
It's a true Hollywood movie that's been seen at least 14 times by every man, woman, and child in the galaxy.
Star Wars.
It's a fa...
A fa...
Star Wars.
The same story.
The same special effects.
Plus a few that work good enough to make it into the original.
Dad, I thought it's Muffet.
Oh no, no, no, no.
Those aliens are barred on a strange planet.
Ron, Dad, those are Muffet.
How do we end?
You're a...
Star Wars.
It's back with no new characters or surprises.
Oh, I sure have to move to get those tattoos and that was all.
Don't worry.
Yeah.
Star Wars.
Completely redigitized in a way that makes it utterly indistinguishable from the original.
Call to the dark side.
Better yet.
Go to a movie.
I haven't seen 50 times.
Star Wars.
See it.
That's it.
Yeah, I'm going to see it 20 or 30 times, okay?
Because George Lucas needs the money.
12, 15 at 5, 60 W.
Here's a little T here.
Maybe might save me till 2 o'clock.
Anybody think I'll make it till...
No.
Very little voice.
Here's a mobile ink healer.
Hello.
Hey, Bill.
Yes, sir.
What's happened, man? How you doing?
Okay.
Ah, his gun thing is absolutely ridiculous.
I can't believe all these Republican assholes are stopping the gun control from going off
ridiculous.
Well, they lost out today in the Senate.
Yeah, finally, finally.
Like, what's a bunch of six-year-olds in a room letting them beat the L out of each other
with baseball bats while their parents were watching?
And that's like the government stands on this whole thing.
It's ridiculous.
And they ought to put all the gun huggers and Joe Robby Stadium live out of a giant gunfighting
and end it all right there.
Okay.
Thanks, guys.
At least we'll get some asses in the seats anyway.
All right, Neil.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Yeah, I heard DeFos here this morning.
Better stuff with those overhead shots of the stadium during those Marlin games.
In fact, they could do it even when there is no Marlin game.
Get the same response.
Same picture.
There is nobody in there.
I don't care what they tell you about 15,000, 13,000.
There is nobody in there.
So let's build a new stadium, okay?
Here's Liberty City.
Hello.
Liberty City.
Hello, yes.
I like the comment on the ceiling in Atlanta.
Yes, sir.
I'm speaking from the point of being I'm a third year education major and my goal is to teach
in a public high school.
It's kind of scary when you look at the fact that when I graduate school, it'll probably
get worse and I'll probably have to bring a bulletproof vest to school instead of my briefcase.
Yeah.
So it's like, well, if it's going bad, if the situation is bad now,
I mean, how worse can it get if they're not passing any laws to stop them from bringing the
guns and stopping them from making more guns?
Yeah, evidently, evidently, there's enough crazy kids out there that, you know, they see it one time
and they're all copycats.
They all, you know, if they worked in Colorado, let's try it in Atlanta, let's try it in
Calgary, let's try someplace else.
Yes, that's exactly, they've put, they've publicized the little continues so much.
As soon as that happened, there was bomb thrust all over the city, all over the city, all over the country.
Yeah, that's wrong.
Exactly.
If they weren't publicized so much, it would not happen.
A child just got shot at New Orleans today, New Orleans High School in Carroll City.
It's like, and a child got shot, some children got shot in Atlanta and Georgia, it's like, they're
not publicizing the one that happened in New Orleans, they're publicizing the one that happened
in Atlanta.
I'm not saying it's a good or bad thing, but you have to just say that when will the violence
happen?
When will we find out that if we had no guns, there will be no shootings?
Amen.
Yes.
Thanks.
All right, thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Don't get these gun people all riled up the gun huggers, man.
It's like, like I said, it's like the cast rating them.
Oh my God, somebody stole my penis.
All these limp, all these real, limp thick guys out there that can't get it up even Viagrave
won't do it for them.
But boy, let him, let him power that rod, man.
Let him squeeze that thing and fondle it and the gun too.
And to make some into a real man, yeah, I'm much on now, baby.
Make me sick of my stomach.
Lows the education, nobody cares about education, lows the parenting skills, lows the discipline,
lows the teachers, lows the principles.
We got both parties, one party's out to destroy the public education system, like in Florida
with his voucher bull crap.
And the other party talks about games and they don't do a goddamn thing.
They're both full of crap.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, maybe you can explain something to me.
You hear all these gun fanatics and they always say that they have the right to bear arms
in case the government overtakes them.
Now, I'm sure they've watched TV.
What is a handgun or even a machine gun going to do against the weapon tree that the military has today?
Exactly, of course.
It's that's why it would be like trying to protect yourself against nuclear weapons with a water pistol.
Right, they're taking over whole country in 45 days.
Yeah.
What is a handgun going to do against a cruise missile?
Absolutely nothing.
So they always bring this up, but none of them...
When they start rolling in the tanks, you know, and the handguns in the world aren't going to get the job done.
Right, so I challenge any one of those gun fanatics out there to call you and ask you that question
and explain it to you.
What would these handguns and machine guns do against those military today?
In addition to which this bull crap out a rogue government, anybody that would say that doesn't understand the way our government works anyhow.
Wait, we just had a president learning to get kicked out office for getting blow jobs, for getting about anything serious.
So what the hell are they talking about?
That's what I want...
I listen all day long and I want one to call you up and ask you answer that question.
Okay, good answer.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
More blow jobs, less guns. That's our model for the new millennium baby.
I don't even know when it really is a new millennium. Don't start on end again.
More blow jobs, less guns.
Okay, if people are going to be shooting, scored scored, let it be that kind.
Just don't get the mess on the dress.
Here's Tamara, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got something to say here that I think the parents are selling the kids on society without giving them an option.
You know what I'm talking about?
From the day they're born, they're wearing Puggy's diapers, you know, trying out for the Puggy's commercial,
you know, riding in the back of the car going out to eat at TGI's, you know, Saturday's.
TGI's Saturday, yeah.
You know, it's just...
And with all this stuff...
Is this Thursday?
Well, you know, whatever.
Why should we even have days of the week, it's all the same.
You know, like the term daily grind is desensitized now, you know?
It wouldn't daily grind be a bad thing.
Yeah, I'm grinding it right now.
Thank you, sir, and the coffee, too.
I don't look at me.
I have no idea what he said.
He killed a few seconds, and my throat's killing me.
Well, it actually doesn't hurt.
I just can't talk.
But I got a nice cup of tea here that seems to be making it a lot worse.
5, 6, 7...
I'm just telling you, I would say if it was better, I'd say thank you.
It's making my throat a lot better.
It's making it much worse.
I think there's only one thing that would make my throat soothe right now, you know?
Now, you know what it is.
I mean, you know exactly what I'm thinking now, but don't say it.
Can I spell it out?
It would be just perfect.
Here's your putter.
Hello.
Neil.
Long time listener.
All right.
Very rarely call.
We all enjoy, you know, being the world leader right now.
I mean, how many...
World leader and what?
Well, pretty much in finance and creativity.
In slaughter, yeah.
Well, we're also doing a lot of good things here as far as...
Well, as far as creativity, most of the inventions in the last 20 or 30 years have been come up
by the Jaffs and then we steal them and they're not shooting each other over there.
I think I can.
It's just the opposite.
I mean, we're the ones that are the creative force that comes up with all the things that...
So what does that mean?
Well, what does that got to do with the price of people?
Well, maybe it's part of society.
I mean, how many CEOs of companies do we need?
I mean, we've got to have...
I don't understand the point.
What's part of society?
The fact that we have a lot of CEOs, what does that happen with kids shooting each other?
Well, these kids are never going to be CEOs.
Yeah.
I mean, there's just...
Well, is that the reason that they're shooting each other because they're never going to be CEOs?
Well, the government knows what it's doing.
I mean, there's plenty of money out there if we wanted to put security guards in the end of each hallway if we wanted to.
Yeah.
So in other words, the government now is responsible for this?
Well, you...
It's not actually responsible, but I mean...
You just got your saying the government knows what they're doing.
Well, they do have the money and they do know what they're doing.
And if they wanted to put a stop to it, I think they could step up and police our schools much more.
And who's going to be willing to pay for that?
The CEOs and the other...
No, that will see you.
The CEO...
The CEO...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
Does anybody have any idea what he just said?
No.
Does he have any idea what he just said?
No.
5-6-705-60.
Something about a CEO.
Oh!
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good morning.
Neil, how's everything?
Okay, I thought.
Actually, it's a good afternoon just lately.
Good evening.
Listen, I left night I was watching Fox News in Dan Quail, another candidate for the Republican Party.
He's canceled.
Yeah.
He's going to link up with the conservatives here and ride the church tail into the White House.
Yeah.
I got news for him.
My dog's got a better chance of getting elected than he does.
He was responding and there was a talk show the Democratic Party against the conservative hosting it that what America needs is more biblical values.
Why are Christian values?
They said we ought to go back to that because America needs to be...
Somebody forgot to tell Danny Boy that that kick is dying out, that that's out the window.
Somebody forgot to tell him that.
Well, they say history and these guys are horrible historians.
History is shown that when there's more religion, controlling the government, in other words there's too much state and not enough church, the times are better.
First of all, what business is the government have to do with religion anyway?
Doesn't the Constitution specifically prohibit that?
What if what business is the government got to do with frickin' religion?
Well, he was able to chart a statement to the University of San Francisco and the students saying that we've got too much state, separation of church and state, and not enough church.
We need to go back to moral values of religious values and that will straighten up all these shootings.
This country has got moral religion and all the other Western countries together and for some reason they're not getting a job done.
And they say go back to religion and we tried that once. We called it the dark ages.
Didn't work.
And then they got this other character on there saying that where there's stronger religious values and the deep south and the Bible belt, you don't see these things happen.
Why was it like in Kanye's Georgia?
Yeah, Jones, bro.
How was the Bible belt in the gun belt or one in the scene?
Okay, God bless you, sir.
How was that movie shotgun? I'll show them.
1226 at 560 WBDQAM, where my throat's getting much worse from that tea by the way.
What's in it? God.
What is that? What is this?
Yeah, look.
Man, I should have brought in my herb tea.
Well, I guess I'll have to make do with this real bad herb tea.
That's the way that's like just a herb tea.
What is it?
You were to taste house it.
If you need to do a thing over out the more fun.
Oh, man.
What is it called?
Instant death.
Oh, sweet dreams as in like permanent.
560 705 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm hanging in there.
Hey, about what you're talking about here.
You know, it's like you say you were never going to get all the guns out of people's houses.
But maybe if they stopped manufacturing selling new ones.
Right.
Eventually, I mean, not in our lifetime.
But eventually, maybe sometime down the road, it would make an effect on crime in this country.
And, you know, as far as parenting goes, you know, we had this kid that lived on our block.
He was about 13 or 14 years old.
And he used to terrorize the neighborhood.
And he assaulted my kid one day.
He beat him up.
And he used to do this to a lot of the kids.
He was a real bully.
And I went to have a word with his parents one day.
And both of them came to the door.
And he comes up and he saw it with me.
And he knew that he had a problem with me because I yelled at him.
You know, I chased him away when he was beating my son up.
And so he interjected himself.
I was trying to talk to his mother.
And he interjected himself came right out of the front.
And in a medicine, you know, here is a little third.
The kid couldn't away no more than about 90 pounds, though.
You know, he was 13 and I'm probably close to 200.
And if I wanted to, I could have picked him up by a little neck and killed him.
But you know, I'm trying to be an adult.
And I'm trying to talk to his mother.
And he turns to his mother.
If she's trying to talk to me, he's telling her that she should shut her f-ing mouth,
calling her a bitch right to her face and his father is staining right next to him,
looking stupid and not saying a word.
You didn't.
I couldn't.
Wonder what runs out of her soul.
I was so blowing.
Well, the kid now, this was about five years ago.
The kid's now in prison, you know.
Right.
So, yes.
What does it find?
But let me say something.
I couldn't believe how this kid had behaved.
And I told my wife about it.
You know, my wife is in the business of handling kids.
She, uh, she's a stylist in a kid's hair salon.
And she tells me there's, there's in a day that goes by that some parent doesn't bring a kid in there.
And she sees the same thing happen every day to a different parent.
Kids, kids, you know, totally uncontrolled, cursing their parents.
You do imagine in our day growing up.
No, not a chance.
Did you imagine saying that?
No, the time in chance.
Cut cursing your parents?
No.
Oh my god.
Or a teacher.
Or a teacher.
No.
You know, because we've taken discipline out of the school's hands.
We've taken the ruler and the paddle out of the principal's hands.
I tell you, you know, people want schools to raise their kids nowadays.
That's right.
And yet they turn around and they don't want the schools to be able to discipline them.
Mm-hmm.
Or how they all...
That's right.
You're exactly right.
They want the school to do their job and then they want to tie their hands behind their back.
Exactly.
If you want, you know, that was the worst thing.
I think, you know, well, they want the school to teach their kids sex education.
But only if it's based on what they believe.
And God forbid they should, you know, teach them anything other than that.
Then they start a big thing.
Yeah.
You know, if they put the paddle back into the principal's hands,
and I'll tell you something else, if they started drafting kids at 18,
maybe you've just for two years while we're not in a real war.
Just if anything, just to make kids grow up better.
But most of these kids that are doing this stuff now, they're not even 18.
Well, and Eric Harris out there in Colorado, we're trying to sign up five days before he did the murders.
And you're trying to be objective because you were lied about taking drugs.
Well, that's where the teacher and the principal with the glugger said with the paddle in their hand,
will make a difference until they're 18.
And then once they reach 18, they're not in a real war.
But let me ask you how involved do you have to be in your kids' life?
When the kids' bedroom and your garage are full of bombs and explosive devices and guns all over the place,
how involved do you have to be?
Me personally, I have a computer and I have internet access.
I have the option of putting the computer in one of my kids' rooms so that it didn't take up space in the living room.
And a computer makes a living room look more like an office.
But you know what?
I felt more comfortable putting it in the living room where whoever's on it has to have every...
I can watch my kid better what he's doing if he's right here in the living room with me.
As opposed to if he's in the bedroom with the door locked.
And you know what?
There are ways...
If you buy your kid a computer, and unless you're totally stupid, you know what's going on out there,
I mean there's ways you can see what your kid is doing.
But involve yourself for Christy.
I got a question from another babysitter.
It's picking up or television left off parents that throw their kid in front of the TV for 10 hours a day.
Now they can throw them in the room and the door closed and their computer for another 8 or 10 hours a day.
And that's a babysitter.
I mean you have to even...
Even if you don't say anything to your kid, I think it's a smart idea for parents to even go in the room and look around,
read the papers that they bring all from school.
See what the notes are that they're passing amongst their friends.
I know it may sound like a violation of privacy, but you know kids don't always tell their parents every day.
As long as they're living in your house, they don't... they have a limited right to privacy.
Absolutely.
Amen.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Funny what, yeah, I mean you know there's a few bombs in the kids' room and there's a whole bunch of stuff explosive stuff in a garage,
and you know guns all over the place were hearing all these weird sounds, but well you know...
Maybe we shouldn't interfere.
And they had to take one of the bombs outside of town and detonate it.
But hey, why should they have suspected anything unusual, especially when he was threatened to kill people?
Speaking of the internet last night, that piece on 2020, oh my god.
It was on 20... it was on one of the shows last night about prescription drugs being sold over the internet.
Oh no, it was on one of the local news channels, it was on Channel 6 news.
Prescription drugs being sold over the internet, pro-zac, valium, meridia, whatever you want, no prescriptions.
I'm going to tell you the internet, I mean as much as I support freedoms of all kinds, freedom of speech, the internet is a gigantic nightmare.
Make no mistake about that.
And especially when you think of all the misfits who are on the internet.
It's like a club for misfits.
221-560 QAMF is 4 star radio is dead.
So starting this Monday, 560 WQAM is proud to present the show's cover.
Monday, 560 WQAM is the cover.
It's a big surprise.
It's a big surprise.
The show is a big surprise.
It's a big surprise.
It's a big surprise.
It's a big surprise.
It's a big surprise.
It's a big surprise.
It's a big surprise.
I don't know where I went wrong.
Maybe he heard something.
Yes, so they're talking on what's the name of this show?
Whatever it is, big redub on the OJ after Bert's show once again.
Talk back.
No, no, no.
Long order.
What do I know?
They're talking about the shooting in Atlanta and Kanye's Georgia this morning.
And Lee, well, you know, what, here's the guy right here.
I obviously don't result in shootings, but there are a lot of guns out there in the hands of the kids.
And this guy's talking about, let's see if we can be able to look at this.
We'll witness tests like that.
You bring a gun.
Bring the gun.
To me, risks of huge over-reaction.
Yeah, let's, you know, see if we can rehabilitate this.
Get after all is only 13, 14, 15, whatever he is.
I say, let's put him in here for 50 years, but no eligibility for parole.
Because society is just like the parents we're talking about today.
Society keeps threatening to punish people, but very rarely does.
And I always act amazed when scumbags get out after a very short period of time,
and do grotesque, abhorrent things and horrendous harm to other people.
You see, you know, you always heard me say, I like nice people.
In other words, I'm not, they don't have to be great people, just nice people,
even if they're told just harmless, DNH people, people who aren't going to do any harm.
So we have to separate in the society the decent people from the scumbags.
Huh? You know, I have to close out a few teams and then I fell, shut them down.
I mean, what's wrong with Alcatraz? You know, why can't we find someplace?
Like somewhere off the coast of Alaska, there must be islands somewhere.
Huh? Lots of them. Yeah. The illusion islands, all those little islands, all of these things.
And just put them there. Just build prisons.
And separate the wheat from the chaff. Separate the scumbags from the law-abiding decent people,
who don't want to harm anybody else. Wow, what a concept.
And instead we get all these bleeding hearts. Everybody's always accusing me of all bleeding heart-liberal bull crap.
I'm all for the death penalty. I mean, you have to have laws and enforce them based on the reality of what you're living in.
Not on some theory.
And of course, every time we execute somebody, well, you know, he was convicted when he was 17,
and then he was put to death when he was 32. Wow. What a great deterrent that is.
Like Ted Bundy, how many of our tax dollars in Florida do we have to waste before they finally put that scumbag to death?
Here's Boker. Hello. You know, I'm glad what you just said about, you know, bleeding heart-liberals and all that.
That you look at both sides of the issue. Yes, I do. And you see that. And that's the way you look.
I'm a pragmatist. You know, I live in the real world. I realize that in a perfect world,
you wouldn't want to have something like capital punishment because it's hypocritical.
You say you can't take somebody's life and then the government turns around and does it.
But when you're living in chaos like we are, you have to have things that work.
Very true. And I, you know, I am not a donor. I have no desire on a donor or anything like that. Who with that? Hello.
I'm here. Oh, okay. I come here on your line. Somebody with a gun probably.
I have no desire on a gun or anything like that. Okay. But I also don't think the NRA is the problem here.
They're not. They're a big part of a problem. What a gun manufacturer is in the NRA.
To me, the main problem is the people. The people who are committing the crimes in this country.
That's just what happened in this. I mean, there are hundreds of kids being killed and tried by shootings all over the country.
Okay. Let me ask you this question. Go right ahead.
Would you give the keys to your car to a 10-year-old kid? Of course not.
Of course not. So that's the point. When irresponsible people and children are able to get a hold of guns
of every kind, size, and description as they are in this society, we got a real sick gun problem.
They're absolutely. And those people are totally irresponsible.
But there, but there is an unlimited number of them. That's the point.
American Americans are not mature enough to deal with the gun laws as they exist. Now that's the problem.
In Switzerland, everybody's got a gun because they're all a member of the army. Okay.
Which they know they don't fight any wars. Right.
But nevertheless, they're all a member of the military. They all have guns and nobody shoots each other.
But to me, this is more of a people problem than a political problem.
Okay. We always try to look to Washington, solve this, solve this.
The gun law they just asked today isn't going to stop one more kid from getting killed. Unfortunately, it's not.
How do you know that? Not going to happen.
Because it's going to make it a lot harder to get guns than to make it harder to get guns at these gun shows.
I am looking at you, but what it seems to me in Colorado that of the four guns that they had,
two or three of them were bought at gun shows.
I would like less people to have guns to, I agree with you on that. Okay. I agree with you.
But we have to change the hearts and minds of people. We have to find out why these kids are so stupid.
In addition to which one of the things in the bill, at least when I watched yesterday, they're mopping the age from 18 to 21.
I mean, how can anybody tell me that an 18-year-old kid can't buy a bottle of beer, can't buy a pack of cigarettes,
but should be able to go out and buy a gun? What kind of a maniac endorses that?
Well, I agree to, hey, put it up to 21. I don't care.
They're doing it.
But the other flip side of that, somebody will say, well, an 18-year-old can go die for his country,
but he can't only gun a year to protect himself.
Yeah. Now, I'm not saying that's for me, but that would be the devil's act.
No, but we don't have a draft. We, and everybody who is in the military and lists, is doing it voluntarily.
Exactly. But I just don't want to turn this into conservative versus liberal,
because that's not what I mean.
It's called survival. That's what it's all about.
Exactly. I mean, I'm not, you're a liberal, Neil.
I don't blame you for all of, you know, the make-up of our prisons today are not filled with a bunch of conservative Republicans.
You would say it's more people of the liberal persuasion, whether it's white, black, or Hispanic.
I don't blame you for that.
I don't think that most of the people who are in prison are of any political persuasion, no, no. They're not political people.
Well, they were probably brought up in one of the...
What about all the people who are in prison for marijuana?
They were probably brought up in a more permissive...
What about all the people who are in taking up those jail cells for marijuana?
I'd say, put in most... I'd say, be cover on the violent criminals and the non-violent people should be out of there on some work release program.
There shouldn't be one.
There shouldn't be one.
There shouldn't be one person in a jail cell in America for a victimless crime, not one.
Not one.
And we should not turn people loose. They should do their time and put...
We tried to put prisoners with the overpopulation in some tents in South Florida.
Remember when that started?
Yeah.
And that failed.
Right. Because people said, all the ACLU said, you can't do that.
So then that's hard.
I think they love the weather up there in the illusion islands.
I think they fit right in.
I mean, that's ridiculous.
If we have our soldiers who live in tents, what the hell can a person who raped a new, mutilated, a little girl can't live in a tent?
For crying out loud?
Or maybe in a box would be better.
Thank you.
Okay.
Yeah, I like that idea.
Let's find some nice islands up there in Alaska where it's nice and cold.
And just stick them all up there.
If we could find places like Alcatraz, why can't we do that?
And separate them.
I mean, physically separate them from the decent law-abiding people.
They're not complicated.
And of course, all these goddamn lawyers who are, you know, make their money with...
I don't like this guy talking about last night.
Stabbed his wife 44 times, stuck her head in the pool.
Oh, he was sleepwalking.
Yeah, and he was sleepwalking.
Maybe he was like Martin Luther King.
Maybe he had a dream, you know?
Sleepwalking.
All his creative bullcrap to keep the scum out of jail and to keep them on the streets.
Here's Laudahill.
Hello?
Hey, Dio, how are you?
Okay, sir.
How are you?
I'm fine, Dio.
I don't agree with you with a lot of things, but everyone says everybody's not sent me.
The problem is, you know, I know you don't like New Yorkers, you enjoy it, but I'm from the old school.
I don't like what?
You don't like New Yorkers.
I don't?
Oh, yes.
I hate it.
I don't like stereotypical New Yorkers.
Oh, yeah.
They're good New Yorkers.
They're bad New Yorkers.
I'm sorry.
But ones are in New York and the bad ones are here.
I hate you.
I'm from the old school.
I remember going to school, getting blacked by the teacher.
Right.
And then coming home and getting blacked by my parents.
Right.
What the hell is going on now?
Keep your ass in line.
That's what it was all about.
I mean, you know what I'm saying?
I mean, they catch your line.
They catch your right from wrong.
What is so bad?
Not for them, but the liberal is taking over.
You can't hit your kid no more.
You can't do this.
You can't do that.
That was the doctor's spotball crap.
You know, I'm saying, you know, I'm not a generation.
Maybe it's unfortunate that he's dead.
You know, we ought to be able to put him on trial for destroying our society.
You know, especially if you're not in Florida as well.
You're bad.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
You're not in Florida as well.
Just turned 40 so it was my mind where I don't have theхаTime mållery influenced.
I was pretty funny what you said about the sleepwalking guy.
Yeah, he was just having a little prom.
I'm just starting to think it's a nest that I don't have any kids.
I'm just turning 40 so it's weighing on my mind where I don't have the motherly infants but, I just think it's a better idea.
I just think it's a better idea and I thought it's something funny when my brother with a kid, my dear Sunday's Republican, said,
but mac them if you need to.
Good, excellent.
So anyways, go charismatic.
What?
What does that mean?
Could you be talking about the Christian Charisnatics?
Charismatic Christians?
But what does that mean?
I don't know, go charismatic.
Well, who are they playing?
Go put a costus.
Go your Yiddlaugh,
except for the orthodox.
Oh, by the way, you know, it happened
while I was out for those two days.
Goodbye, BB Netanyahu.
Oh boy, I can just hear that song now, can't you?
Goodbye, BB Brain.
There you go.
Oh, including your accountant there
that radical maniac, militant piece of crap, orthodox.
Yeah, just remember one thing.
When I say orthodox, whatever it is,
that's right, orthodox, fill in the blank.
You know you're talking crazy people.
Is there going to give me that land that they stole back?
No.
No.
After we give Manhattan back to the Indians,
then they'll think about it.
Let me let me say it again.
It's a piece of desert.
The only piece of desert in the world that's worth anything
is in Las Vegas.
If it looks like you've got a piece of the desert
on your carpeting because it's real schmootsy, man.
You want to have a miracle on your floor.
I don't believe in many miracles,
but one I do believe in because they've done it
in my house a year after, year after year.
For about 15 years now, drive concepts.
To keep my hand, my hand, my hand, my hand, my hand.
It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
In theaters now, it's the totally new Star Wars Yoda
gets hot on R2D2.
Wow, R2D2, you make me feel good.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
R2D2, I was just wondering if you are a female, right?
You're a dude, so am I.
Yoda, break stuff with R2D2, showing now.
New robots were injured during the filming of this movie.
I got the spicy.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Showing now in a theater they use.
102 at 560 WQA.
And so anyway, charismatic was the name of the horse,
not Charismatic.
Got it.
You think she's got it?
No.
That's why we're just a little bit confused
because gold Charismatic.
Did that make any sense to anybody?
No.
No.
Also, we got a chronicle here out there
that it wants people to talk to them,
evidently, desperate lonely, 305 558 95 95.
Maybe you can make some new friends in this audience.
Obviously desperate for attention, 305 558 95 95.
Just give them a call and say, Oscar K, you're old me this.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
You know, you have a good program.
Yes, I do.
Been listening to you for over 20 years.
All right.
Just want to take something real quick.
If you go into a school,
it's a private school,
and then you go into a public school,
you'll see a world of business.
I'm generally speaking,
the private school has more control.
There's more discipline.
There's a lot smaller classes.
Yeah, well, that's very true.
That's very true, but there are some of them
do have large classes,
but they do maintain their rules and regulations.
And the problem is the public schools,
the teachers and the police officers
are afraid of the kids, but not in private schools.
And I think that they go back to the private school rules.
I think they can improve some.
Well, what do you mean by private school rules?
What does that mean?
Well, you know, private schools,
they maintain certain, certain rules
like dressing, dress codes.
Yeah.
And you know, you can't go to school like an idiot,
like wearing rings in your nose
and your belly button, look like a damn jerk.
Right.
You know, and-
And the tram with a trench coat on.
Yeah, you look like a clown or something.
Right.
And this is discipline.
And if the kids know that you mean business,
a lot of them will respond,
even though there are some jerks around,
you know, what won't.
Okay. Anyway, I just thought I'd mention it to you.
Okay, thanks.
I like the program.
Thank you.
And of course, like I said,
even the kids can get on that plane to Alaska.
Huh?
Yeah, we can go to some of the reform schools in Alaska.
Be a good place for them.
5670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Is this voice gonna hold out to a little too early?
No.
Oh, just barely hanging on.
This early tea really kind of like put me over the edge.
That was the end.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Any, you know, yes sir.
Any, how's it going?
Okay.
I don't know.
Every call is coming in, you know,
blaming everybody.
I mean, it's blaming something,
whether it be,
whether it be the school or the internet
or the something.
Well, what do you think is just happening by osmosis?
I mean, how do you solve a problem?
Unless you start looking for a...
Yeah, they're looking, yeah,
I know, but they, you know,
they tend to look in and know whenever really,
you know, if the kid does bad
and they're pinpointing and now they're trying to
say that all these kids going around shooting to people
or they learn their,
they learn their,
their shooting skills,
you know, on an Nintendo game
or on a computer game.
Well, that's ridiculous.
That's what I've been saying.
I mean, you know, we're, we're, I mean, how,
how about nobody here is saying that.
The only people saying that are people like Orange Snacks
and some of these other people in government who are in you
so we're just looking to use this as an excuse
to start censoring left and right,
everything they possibly can.
Exactly.
I mean, Disney just took out all their violent games
or whatever.
Right.
You know, and that's going to solve the problem.
Any kid that's playing a video game
that doesn't know the difference
between between a video game and real life
needs to be locked away for a long time.
Absolutely.
I mean, you know, you know,
I'm a movie fanaticant, you know,
and some of my favorite movies are, you know,
are violent.
I mean, you know, even the godfather was violent
but for you to think,
hey, that's cool, you know,
I'll be good shit somebody.
Right.
But then you know, the legal system would be the same
because whoever it is to talk to a sladian half,
they found there in the dumpster
where you got shots in hand, whatever.
That'll be another one.
You know, that'll take about a month to figure out why
he did it instead of just, you know, he did it.
Maybe he was sleepwalking.
Yeah, maybe I heard about that guy too,
but I think there's too busy covering Star Wars
to really set any light on anything that's going on right now.
Maybe R2D2 did it.
All right, now, good luck buddy.
Yeah, the dog's on it, the cat did it.
Somebody else did it.
It's always somebody else's fault.
Nobody takes responsibility for their own actions.
Parents don't take responsibility for their kids.
The government doesn't give a crap about any of these things
because they're all too busy taking care of their constituents
who are putting up all the money
to get them re-elected year after year
and they give it, sticking their pork in there, so to speak.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 T. wireless line.
Oh yeah, Pete the menacee,
Republican senator from New Mexico, he was on there last night,
I was watching quite a bit of that on C-Spanish today.
Talking to China about psycho
and how when they did the remake of the movie, psycho,
he had sent a letter to Universal Studios.
What's your guy's name, Broncos?
Is that the guy's name that owns it?
I think so.
Sent him a letter and about how they could put a disclaimer
on there about how since the movie first came out in 1960,
Alfred Hitchcock's original version,
how much progress we've made in mental health.
Now let me ask you, when people saw the original psycho,
you think anybody went out and killed somebody else,
they attacked anybody in the shower,
dressed up like mommy, and we did that.
Not seriously.
No.
No.
When they saw the remake, the 50 people
who bothered to see it, which nobody went to see it anyway,
did anybody, no.
So you talk about the long reach, the long stretch,
who can we blame?
It's those Jews in Hollywood again, that's right.
At a boy, Pete, you're a genius.
In addition to which how much real violence
is there in psycho anyway?
Other than the shower scene where you see a simulated
standing attack, how much violence is there in the movie?
Oh, I did like when Martin Balson got knocked on the stairs,
there was kind of good.
Even if it's after one, at 5'60, WQAM.
Oh God!
I need some hand clapping.
You don't need these minutes of time,
you don't need the death of dance.
You don't need to see, I love you all here's 50 dollars, man.
You don't need the string for dinner,
or where all that sex is stuff,
or else you need to see the fingers and the wake up or mo.
So everybody's doing it all across the land,
after beaters of America,
give yourself a hand.
Natural hand organic, it's easy and it's fun.
You don't know how to do it,
that's your parents out there.
I don't need a spare cell license,
you don't need a spare cell,
just a zip and slip the grip between your hips and get a grip.
So do you reply to doing it,
and boy does feel great,
and after beaters of America,
give yourself a hand.
You can do it in the bathroom,
you can do it in your bed,
you can do it in a concert,
while you watch the great movie.
You can rest in your room,
listen, you can go to the bathroom,
and you can count on a squarcing gigapounded Michael Jackson,
jacked it up,
your attitude was open,
your rise and hear the fan,
the math of beaters of America,
give yourself a hand.
Oh right, what's your team?
At 5.50 W.Q.A.N.,
now I turned the overhead up real loud,
and I was actually here myself.
Oh, seriously, I got conserved with a little voice
I got left.
Should we play some music?
No.
5.6705.50,
don't start with that.
Oh, what was that?
Guesses, I know what it was,
but I'm just saying,
didn't use it from here.
No.
Guesses is great.
I know that you have all good music.
I'm just saying.
Backstreet crap.
You know, I'm going to tell you something,
not that you had to inject that
since you're such a militant little spit.
Number one, I was out of town and I became,
but John taped for me that Backstreet voice special
from MTV, the two-hour thing.
They sang two songs,
didn't lipstick them on that thing.
They were great.
Number two, Nick is just as pudgy
and ugly as I always thought he was.
But they do a makeup job on him or what in that video?
Oh, man.
And so I like their music.
That's it.
As far as my excitement about them is concerned.
And number three, yesterday I'm sitting at home,
eating on my cough drop and stuff
and drinking my herb tea.
And my friend Dave comes over to the house
who is every bit as straight as you are,
he's the straightest person I ever known.
And I show him the new CD burner that I got.
And he asked me to cut him,
the Backstreet voice single, a new one.
He likes it.
That is a good song.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, no, that was a little bit too far for you, okay?
I don't give them crap.
Last week you said you could tolerate it now.
And by the way, the girl from Geensfield, by the way,
my good friend, the one that goes to FU on the UF,
you know, she didn't call back the heavyweight.
Because every night it's number one on MTV,
every afternoon and every night for like day after day
supplanting that grotesque in sync,
who belong in a sync like Jermis.
Got it.
All of a sudden they're everywhere.
So you want to think about in sync.
They can't sync and they're all ugly.
But other than that, they're dynamite.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
What's up, Neil?
I'm having the first time caller,
but I've been on your show personally.
I used to do business with sour 96 upstairs.
Yeah.
So I was on your show once.
I'm just calling out to you.
You're on my show to do what?
No, I just said, how do you walk in
when you call me an action murderer or something?
Oh.
And you thought one of my friends would queue.
So what are?
Oh, I'll bring them back.
OK.
Commenting on two things.
One about the Christian schools, how I got called up.
And he said that if you go to a private school,
you're better taking care of it than a public school.
Right.
Let me tell you, when you go to a private school,
I mean, most of the time, you're
coming from a rich family.
There's a parents don't care about you anyways.
They set you to private school so you can get better
attention.
That, I mean, personally, if there is some cases,
I'm not saying that everybody, of course,
not everyone's like that.
But with those cases, you know, you're
not going to get a better education.
That kid, first of all, in his house,
you know, he's not getting taken care of the right way.
So he's going to be messed up mentally and physically.
So the whole thing is public school, private school,
has nothing to do with it.
It comes from your environment.
And with laws, like you said, OJ Simpson killed his wife.
The money has met millions of dollars
that come get a good lawyer to get him out of it.
The whole thing is that the law is judged
through different predicaments.
If it was a law, like if you kill, you are killed.
If you steal, they cut off your hand.
Right.
When you steal, you know your hand getting caught.
Let's move this out of your Arabia.
That's what's going on.
That's what laws need to be.
Not a law is you steal, OK, not let me do it.
And if you're raped, they cut off your ****, yeah.
And if you let any of your story, and then they
judge what you're going to do.
That's why kids in Colorado are killing,
and in Georgia they're killing.
If there is no law, it's going to tell them,
if I kill this person, what's going to happen to me?
You know what I'm saying?
And if that person has a rich father,
he could go out and get a good lawyer and see what you know.
If he's mentally insane or wrong with a kid,
that's what's wrong with society.
That money's what's judging the whole society.
And money's what's going on with everybody.
And until you get a law, it says, you know,
you killed, you will be killed.
Yeah, but you see in Colorado,
it didn't make any difference because they
come into the two.
It was an act of suicide.
I didn't care.
I didn't think what I had to do.
All laws in the world, but the fact is that the parents
were oblivious, and there was every sign in the world,
especially with Eric Harris, that, you know,
something wrote test was going to happen.
They even put it on their website,
and nobody paid any attention.
No one paid any attention.
But let me ask you, because what do you think what happens?
If they would have been, if they would have been,
if they would have loved to kill themselves,
they would have wanted jail for how long, 25 years.
No, listen to that.
What's in that?
They would have done something that they,
we're slapping the face,
and we would have been able to,
we had them in low amounts that they could do it again.
You know what I'm saying?
God bless you and send your friend by.
Oh you too.
Okay.
118 is 560 WQAM.
Like I said, nobody's going to solve these things
on a radio show because you do know with crazy people.
I mean, it's pathetic that you live in a country
where there is such minimal value on human life.
I just, all these religious people,
all these goody-touchy-whose people
who put themselves up on pedestals
and pretend to be so much better than I am.
And this doesn't seem to shock them.
How can human life have so little value?
They can just blow people away indiscriminately.
And who cares?
Nobody cares.
Nobody cares unless it's somebody who's involved
a family member or a friend,
unless it's somebody connected with whoever just got blown away.
Nobody cares.
It's like this thing in Yugoslavia.
We spend billions and billions and billions of dollars
for a military.
And this country doesn't want to fight a real war anymore.
God forbid, here we got hundreds of thousands of people
being thrown out of their homes.
Tens of thousands of people being slaughtered.
We've got genocide right in front of our eyes.
Women being raped.
Little children being blown away.
And God forbid we should be sending ground troops
because we're going to have some losses,
because some of our people are going to get killed.
What kind of a war is that?
What does that say about the people in this country?
You know, when you join a police force,
you know, you realize that you're going to have occasions.
You're going to risk your life.
When you join a military,
nobody, we don't have a draft anymore.
Everyone who's in there has enlisted voluntarily.
And they realize that goes with the territory.
They realize that front,
that if we're involved in some kind of armed combat,
that's somewhere in the world.
They may have to risk their lives.
Oh no, we don't want to do that.
So let's just keep having all these accidents every night.
Oops, oh sorry.
Got another bad map that Chevron dropped a few in a wrong spot.
Yeah, dropped a few bombs in a wrong spot.
Here's a mobile in Papano.
Hello.
Mobile in Papano.
Long gone.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Any other going?
Okay.
We'll ask you real quick, I'm in an observation.
Have you noticed that most people talk?
Every other word, you know?
Why is that new?
That's what you called for.
Yeah, I just...
That's what you waited 13 and a half minutes to tell me.
And I have to do.
Uh huh.
Yeah, okay, you know.
567-0560, 05-560 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, listen, one of the things I want to say is, uh, maybe people...
Everybody always talks about New York.
I went through high school in New York in Brooklyn.
I'll tell you, we were the first high school to ever have metal detectors in the whole country.
Yeah, I'll tell you there were so much crime there.
No, that's the thing that didn't make any sense.
It was the lowest crime school in all of Brooklyn.
Yeah.
They'd all...
The people who are trying these things, they put them where it doesn't make sense.
If some of these people just had a little bit of common sense, you know,
things would work out a lot better.
I know people who came down here to go to schools.
The school down here are far worse than anything to have in New York.
And...
Well, let's face it, the New York...
The education in the state of New York has always been outstanding.
I just don't understand why people can't take what they've learned and use it down here.
Yeah.
You know, it's...
Well, what do you mean down here?
What does that have to do with the...
Well, even around the country, you know, people who are blowing each other away.
You know, you think that New York is what people think of as...
How does the kid...
For...
Look, how does the kid walk into a school anywhere in this country with a shotgun?
How is that possible?
It shouldn't be.
And, you know, they need the metal detectors no matter where you are.
Okay.
They don't use them.
Okay, I'll see you in the Bronx.
5670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line.
We need armed security guards in every school in America.
Oh, no!
Yes.
That's my opinion.
And I'll say it again.
It makes me sound very old, but I can remember those days when you go to the airport, there were no metal detectors.
Oh, my God.
What a...
No metal detectors?
You have to put your luggage through those things.
You know, now you go to the airport internationally.
Sometimes you have to put it through twice in the same airport.
And then, of course, like when you go to Miami.
They have...
I don't know.
What do they call those things?
They're like...
Exposive detectors.
They'll pick people out selectively, and then they have those little ones, you know, with a...
What do they call those?
Those are just the handheld metal detectors.
Yeah.
But they must be a lot more sensitive than the other ones.
So they didn't get right to the exact area that you have the good.
As opposed to just on your general person.
Yeah.
So they can find what exactly where you're hiding, whatever it is so they can look at.
But how could there have been a time when we didn't have metal detectors in airports that I can remember?
How can that be?
Well, then your people invaded Israel and got on the Middle East people pissed off.
Oh, I thought it was when Castro was there either.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Why do you think they call it the Bay of Pigs?
Here's the Okitobi.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
First time, Carla.
All right.
That's the...
By the Gunnall.
You can make it many laws as you want to make until you put some pilotis behind these laws that will stand up and make people afraid of guns.
People are not afraid of the law.
They are afraid of the pilotis.
And you've got to put a pilot behind the law and stand by them.
How about if we took about 80% of the lawyers in America that they put them in jail right away?
There's probably need to go.
Yeah, that would be a good idea.
Okay, thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, I think a lot of you are committing crimes in your sleep.
You're sleepwalking.
You're not aware of it.
You're just going out there and blowing up the neighborhood.
Maybe that's what happened.
Maybe this kid in school this morning in Kanye's Georgia at the south of the Virgin Mary.
Maybe he was just this sleepwalking with his shotgun.
I mean, you know, if that one works in that other case, it'll be where you'll be hearing it all the time.
125 at 560 WQA.
Beware of exploding balls.
My ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my ain this my ain't this my ain this my ain this my ain this my ain this my ain this my ain this my ain this my ain this my ain this my ain this my ain this my
I'm gonna copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for writing little songs about new books my brains are gone I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna thought on Dr. Dreass your major pastor
Hey, I'm not what do I smell ass?
Man you low play well since age 12 it seemed like I always smell like thought gripping gasses and dooties was pretty swell
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off
and bought it so hard that turn'd my underwear backwards
like crits cross and every night I'm like oh you know that
it caught up my ass passengers bang into that you ain't too bad smelled it
honey yo you up wait a minute dude
I don't give a vlog guy sent me to take the world up, my ain't it my ain't it my ain
My Aiden! My Aiden! My Aiden! My Aiden!
I can see two one of me kick out back in junior high.
Said the problem was something cold up my ass and died.
I shot him in the face with my vapor. The worst happened later.
When I covered his death with his toilet paper.
Walked in the strip club. My testers were filled up.
Moons of bartenders took a dump at a tip club.
Went over to a dentist and had a fucking agonist.
She lived to the leg up and I knew she was a father.
I had a knife and sent her my knife. I would fly to.
I just found out my mom got more gas than I do.
I told her I broke up to be a famous rapper.
They confronted about very low use. Made on McCrapper.
You know you would have dirt when the feminine rushes leaves.
You drive the homeless back, but you must eat it's reliever.
The sky and white gas in the center was pretty cool.
When I had to go, go drop the kids off and move.
My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim
I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play
the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the
costs of the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 7 o'clock tonight. I am going to play the Marlins in the Pirates 6 o'clock tonight.
talking about the good stuff you you never mentioned the Asian and we always
listen and kill. That's got to you because you are the only man in Miami. The next
any sense? You can tell me about everything. Right. All right. And listen
listen do me a favor. We stopped selling those baseball so tight. All right. I said
have a great day. Okay. No, sure if I was watching saw I guess it must have been
the Yankee Red Talk game last night a little bit and they were talking about how
much tighter the baseball everybody who's honest everybody would inside the game
about how much tighter that they vote around the baseball's last couple years
and that's why all these home ones are like they're like hitting golf balls
and of course major league baseball they all lie about it like crazy but
nevertheless maybe that's why we have games like 24 or 12 like that the
Reds Rocky game but we don't want to talk baseball doing no no because nobody
here cares 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Have a
mention to make the least being Pittsburgh in that series yet today have I
no I'll say that for tomorrow when I got my voice back. Here's a mobile in
Pembert Pine. Hello. Hey Uncle Neil. Yes sir. Hey well I chronic with the brain.
All these people are calling up about changing the lawn changing the lawn
it's the longest and the law that they are. The irony is how you know what you
got to do is do the opening of a Star Wars movie at the polls or you won't
get anybody to go vote they can stand out in line for hours for Star Wars
tickets and tax the theaters. Yeah but you can't even go get them to cast. Well
because the American people are in love with crap that's right they're
obstructive crap crap is the middle name. So the polling station of movies theater
you'll get a good turnout. Okay. Thank you. Everybody likes getting pulled no
question about that. That's what the Ricky Martin told me. 5 6 7 0 5 6 8
pound 5 6 on the 18 T wireless line. What are we gonna do by the way about that
goddamn Todd Dreck you know what what are we gonna do about him. What are we
gonna do about sales people that we got in this building who are winding behind
my back and refuse to serve as their accounts and get the copy straight enough
you know I mean I realized I've adopted new attitude these last couple weeks
which is fine but I can't be quite that indifferent you know what I'm saying as
and totally uninvolved. I don't understand it since those people like all bailed
out of the second floor down there it's it's a joke. They're in Camino Cotto which
is fine with us we don't need to see them but they can send the info up in a
bottle or something. It'll test you. Here's the crawl springs hello. Yes sir. Yeah
CEOs we've run into schools and I had no idea what he was talking about. And neither
did he he just like he'd like the way it sounded. I did get too much
re-peed lagging or something. I did get to thinking about it after he hung up. You
know not necessarily with CEOs but the big corporations if the big corporations
can help finance the million dollar worth of stadiums around where the
people that are making money off of them wouldn't you think they could come up
with something. So are you listening to me? That's not the fault of the CEOs of the
major corporations that's the fault of the American public. The American public
wants their ball games. They want to understand they want their Star Wars they want
their ball games they want their new stadiums and their new arenas they want their
new stadiums. They don't care about education they don't care about their kids they
don't care about things that ought to be important. I wasted my time years ago
batting my head against the brick wall trying to convince people they ought to
care and the old saying you know you can need a horse to water but you can't
make them take a dump while that's the deal they don't care. They don't give a
crap. It would be nice though if they could just you know pitch in and just help
put the schools. They look not necessarily the DCO but have someone from the
corporations. Yeah. Black actors are liaison with what's one of the some of the
schools. Yeah. And they would help out with we could sit down with some of the
heads of the school and uh or maybe we could just take some of the people from
the National Garden we could you know have them at every public school. How would
that be? Armed. That sounds good to me. Let's call out the National Guard. That's
what I would do. Have armed security right there at every entrance and
every got it and they you know they talk about well you know Columbine High and
they have like 30 some exits. Well how about blocking them off you know.
You know how they do in the airport where all the people that have security. We
even have it here in this radio station where you have a a pass key and
unless you got a pass key you can't get beyond a certain door.
How does that sound? Is that Millennium by the way? No. What is that?
Jordan Knight. Don't get anywhere near me without peace of crap.
Oh. Oh.
Oh.
That's like holding Wolfbane up in front of Dracula. Jordan Knight. Who gave that to you?
What Jack asked gave you that? Our good close personal friend Tony the Tiger.
Well take it back Tony. We don't want Jordan F.ing Knight. Okay. Good night Nurse.
Get him out of here. The new year's on the block. Get him out
away from us please. Goes to show you there are a lot of girls out there who are
desperate. I mean really desperate. Some of them have a
very large breasts too by the way. 22 before 2 at 560 WQAM.
Just disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Yes.
No. I'm a Tiger you are a Tiger he's a Tiger he's a Tiger we are all make our boos.
I'm a Tiger you are a Tiger he's a Tiger he's a Tiger we are all make our boos.
That's what our greeting friends like all black people do.
But why do you want to say it too so they can sound real cool?
I'm a Tiger you are a Tiger he's a Tiger we are all make our boos.
Now the big it's happy to find another word to you.
Oh.
Get used to be real bad. But now it's easy.
Okay. When African Americans address themselves that way.
I'm a New Year's Everies and I appreciate the Tiger we're all
big our boos. No longer the vernacular for racial
abuse. Get used to be taboo. I'm not keeping things to say.
But now expanding all of that by black folks every day.
Yo. I'm a Tiger you are a Tiger you are a Tiger we are all make our boos.
I'm a Tiger you are a Tiger you are a Tiger you are a Tiger we are all make our boos.
Oh.
Things are watching things on Tiger we are all included too.
It's made me dazzling and dazzling everyone is now a fool.
Yo. Yo. Yo.
I'll be grand master's foot.
I'll be pushing my thing.
Laying with my ratchet.
I'll be pushing it.
I got a reason.
Southampton did put the line the best.
145 at 56. You see it's easy to point fingers at parents and at kids and at this and at the
movies. The fact is that in America we have this way of resolving conflict and you know what that is.
We've always had his brains out.
Have a myrtle squabble in your spouse.
Somebody steal your part like that.
Pit goes steal your parking spot.
Roll their brains out.
Pist off somebody owes your money to them dead.
That's American F and Way man.
So when kids do it we're surprised but what do kids do they emulate their parents they emulate their elders.
American culture is sick real real sick.
There's no value there's no respect for human life.
And as far as conflict resolution it's usually like that.
Here's Jupiter.
Hey Neil God.
You may have point I'm 45 years old and I also remember being able to walk in the airport just walk on your plane.
Not have to go through all kinds of stuff.
No metal detectors whatsoever.
So I mean isn't that a starting place right there?
Stop these things from stop these things coming into school.
The reason the metal detector's standard of the airport was all the plane hijackings.
That rash of business.
Bites hijackings.
Bites are early 70s whatever.
And they did it to stop the bringing of these things onto the plane.
Isn't that just like such common sense?
You got to stop the things coming into the school.
So you know tighten security is the only answer there.
Americans are never going to give up their guns.
Look at the television up today and that tells you all you need to know about American mentality.
Dumber than sawdust.
The stuff I saw yesterday and I got a good sense of humor but I'm going to tell you.
None of it was funny.
Jerry Spinner wasn't funny.
Jenny Jones wasn't funny.
I mean I'm channel surfing and I'm watching like 3 or 4 minutes here and there and every one of these shows was exactly the same.
When you have a day where you're home sticking you and you look at that stuff that you don't normally see.
It was unbelievable to me.
It is. It is.
It is.
It's all the same.
I do the same thing I channel surfed through and I said it was not yesterday afternoon.
Stop the Jerry Spinner for a second.
It's all they do is get up out of a chair and fight with each other.
You know what I mean.
And they're putting bleeps in where they're not even saying anything.
And they're just saying something like that.
There's a lot of swearing.
You know the fuck must know the thing is.
Anybody that could watch that for more than 5 minutes and then come back and watch it again.
Yeah.
And he's serious mental health.
The people that are glued to it for the whole show are brain dead.
It's just unbelievable.
And it's number one.
I'm taking it in my dorm.
Oh yeah.
It's kicking that Oprah bitches ass all over America.
Well she's going to be a teacher now.
That's right. She and her husband are going to teach us where it's at.
Yeah, that's what it's at.
This country is so far gone.
You know, you know, all you can do is listen to somebody like you and then remember what it used to be and try to find your own safety and grab your passport.
And that's it.
Okay.
Yeah, I love you.
By the way, I mentioned my good friend Andrew of publics.
I guess I did.
Now why do you have a reaction like that?
I just smiled.
Yeah, but kind of sarcastic like a smirk.
Not a smile, but a smirk.
What everyone who knows Andrew, I'm sure, is smiling and smirking.
Yeah.
And right next to him, I'll beowing him in the red and totally.
You know something.
Let me say it again.
There isn't a man or woman alive.
And even if they wouldn't admit it, there's not anyone alive who wouldn't give their left arm to look good enough so that anybody of either gender or both or any would say, wow, there's a good looking guy.
Amen.
Right.
And what's wrong with that?
I mean, even guilty.
I saw guilty at the other counter that last night at publics.
And I kind of pointed and he really leaned over and said, hey, that's a good looking guy.
Yeah.
And guilty is very secure in his masculinity.
He's getting all the action you could ever handle.
He's the straight as an arrow.
So there you go.
Everybody, that's another thing about this country.
Everybody is so uptight and so afraid.
What are they afraid of?
What are they so terrified of?
So insecure.
They just can't grow up.
Oh, I saw naked booby.
Oh my god.
Like I was telling you before in the Amsterdam kids, all the kids that grow up there.
They love that they have the best education system in the world.
They're number one, all the test scores.
Crime, almost nonexistent, violent crime, virtually nonexistent.
Nobody's got guns.
Very often, the cops are out there without any guns.
And the little kids walk around, all parts of the city, including the red light district.
And they see the hookers behind the windows.
And they see the sex shops with the big dillows and all the sex magazines.
And you know something, after they've seen them the first hundred times,
it doesn't mean anything anymore.
It's like a natural part of life.
They're no longer offtight about it.
They're not psychotic about it.
They're not neurotic.
They're not going to psychiatrist because of all the sexual hang-ups in the roasties.
And you can walk the streets.
It's like a civilized place.
I go to Cologne, Germany for the first time.
The Germans of all people, those barbarians.
We went there for two or three days.
What a great city that was.
You walk the streets morning, noon and night.
No problem at all.
People are civilized.
Nobody's got any guns.
Nobody's shooting anybody else.
Nobody's walking around in terror, looking over their shoulder.
Civilized, well-dressed, well-educated, intelligent people who've got some understanding of the world around them.
Even with all that dope.
Unlike the Americans who are going...
Yeah, well, that's right.
I left that part out about Amsterdam, that's right.
About the kids walking past the cafes and what's that in the year?
Nobody pays any attention to that.
It's not a novelty.
It's nothing.
It's just there.
There is no we for madness.
There aren't people running around in little circles going...
Because they had too much bad weed.
I'm telling you, the value system in this country is so cocky and so upside down.
Even with all of its religion and its religiosity and religion sticking their nose into politics and into your bedroom and into the woman's body.
And everywhere they can.
And you know something that's still in worth a crap.
They must not be getting a job then very well.
But be that as it may.
Let me tell you again, just put your feet up on the desk, light up a nice doggy from Nix right now.
That's right, you'll feel a lot better about life.
All cigars that Nix are made from the finest Cuban seeds, scored, scored tobacco, by box of Nicaragua, by the way.
Want to get them all out?
You know, we like to spread it around.
Nix is the third generation of premium cigar craftsmen, the largest manufacturer of really great stupendous premium hand-rolled cigars in the US.
And they sell to you with factory direct pricing.
