560 WQAS presents a Neal Brothers Show to Tom Teneel. 670, 660, 880, 770, 770, 5Neal is a total free-cleaned Neal Brothers Show to his guests or followers. Does not reflect those of the measly broadcasts it stands, advertisers or agents? The Neal Brothers Show on 560, 680, 880. It's Friday, you best, dude. I don't know where it is about that line of little boyfriends or their big nose, those two feet hopped tiny little megal, I don't know they just rub me the wrong way. And I chaneled the tins and lips and every speech of every dance it is the suits. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh we make you absolutely you're good to look for you and I'm pretty excited, pretty excited and I brought you it that song because of the event that ever could have happened. Thank you, but that went really well, it's all over the world. Such a great, kind of coffee with your best friend, yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hey, ain't rude with my friend's, Jim, uncle and soccer boy,cus you had a so pretty long time ago for my kids I haven't realized you played Monde Venus 2. Oh! My, my, my, look out now. The building used to be the crazy horse. I thought the crazy horse was like, was that a different crazy horse was. Crazy horse was discain in about 160, 8 or 9 or something like that. Yeah, a male strip club. Right. Well, yeah, surely tweeters used to talk about that all the time. Surely tweeters. So then became a psychic became a whatever it'll see what was the name. Yeah, no. No, no, that's not only name, I don't watch the, but it's clear to keep my crack of all these psychic names, because once we start our psychic stock network line, I don't want to mention no names, but once we start that, what is it? Nothing. So anyway, that's pretty exciting. Mon's Venus 2, but I wouldn't get too excited because, you know, they'll probably be open about two three weeks. They'll start bustin' all over the place. For example, court halls crack down on Atlantis. There's more good news. But the old Farts in Fort Lottodale in the power that be never to be turned. Say, well, we'll find some other way to do it. You know, the under 21 thing. Now, what's the name of this guy? Mike Kent. Not normal Kent, but Mike Kent. Owner of a club Atlantis. He says the under 21 laws, the screw Atlantis ordinance. He says the city selectively enforces it against him and he can prove it. He says, hopefully their coffers are deep enough because I'll pay for the legal. The city is the opportunity to deal with businesses like this. It's called condemnation or eminent domain. That's what they should be doing if they want to be through the different purpose. I think like that. But they're trying to put him out of business. Because they don't want to know what person episode. And it's been that way for a long time. Ever since they decided to say bye bye bye bye. To the spring breakers long long time ago. And then, of course, you know, they'll say, we know there's 19 year old kid that jumped out of the pool and got killed a couple days ago. They'll say, see there you go. But the point is that, you know, that can happen anytime. I mean, used to happen a lot. Because drunken college kids do a crazy thing. Yeah. So let's just throw the VV out with a bad water. Put everybody out of business. How about putting up some condos for old people? Yeah. They're on the beach. I'm prime of beach from property. They already did that down by the Gold Ocean mile all the way down there. That used to be really happening part of our laundry of beach. Is it anymore? No old, jury, andtric, the credit. Just like they did at my me beach many years ago. When they turned all that beach from property over to the old farce for those condos. So the meeting age there is death plus a hundred. Even if they brought, if they took my orlansky out of the box, he'd be like a teenager compared to most of the people living there on columns out of it. So there you go. That's what they want. They like old people. Okay? Because all new young people you create too many problems. Too many drug problems too many people having a good time. Too many naked people running around too much flesh. We don't like that here in South Florida. Too many fags, mitochondrace, all these things. Pete the chronic board up. Never that song by Peter Paul Murray. Pete the chronic board up. So whatever happened with puffed at either we get a, didn't get a verge for you. No, I guess no. Don't look too good like they're in the ill him though. Because they said the case against him is just like the case against Joe Carroyo week week like that. T. He was brilliant. Like Al Martino's voice in the godfather. Pete. P. M. Man. So anyway, Pete the chronic board up. In fact, as sense, he these pictures of where his kid goes to school. I mean, this is embarrassing. These are like portable, uh, portables they call him. I call him like quantod Hudson. Shacks the sugar shack without the sugar. Look at that. No turrets, no nothing. There was a, facts here somewhere with it or a letter. Whatever. Hell yeah. I got so much crap here. I can't keep track of the crap. Including the cost of facts about your good friend, Rimmer. Rimmer the psychic hockey nut. Oh, here it is. So here I hope the tax dollars here the tax dollars award by some goes to school here. Flanagan High and Pembroke Pind. 9th grade annex. All portal parties the entire effing school he says of this grace. And Frank Motek said hello. I don't fry wherever you are. I guess he's gotten the West Coast. So thanks Pete to chronic board up because that's, uh, there you go. And does anybody care? No. And I'll pay the reason they care. Mollons head for the river. What a great. I love that headline. And some sent a marbles head for the river. Don't jump too soon to the john Henrybud. Bye bye bye. We'll send you an anchor. Two great pieces of news from tele-hassy speaking of that. Panel defeats limits on class size of course because it would cost two billion dollars. You know, because it had to build new schools and all of the. And right beneath that, Senate budget be stores cut to education. Here it is. But somewhere along the line we're going to come up with like a billion dollars for john Henry. So we can build another billionaire play toy because it's going to cost about 400 billion for the stadium itself. And then the city supposedly if they go ahead with this thing is going to cost. Land acquisition construction related expenses could run as high as five or twenty one million dollars. So it's really going to be like, you know, close to a billion by the time they get done always is with all the cost over ones, etc. And is john Henry put that money out. No, no. What's been a billion dollars? You got kids going to school in Porter party. We can't afford to limit the class sizes because that's got to cost money that we don't have. And we got to cut make all kinds of cutbacks. Especially on education. This statement is a freaking disgrace, but I don't want to get started on the Friday with negativity doing. Yeah. We don't want to do that. Let's keep it light. Keep it happy. Keep them laugh and keep them smiling. Especially with us just like yesterday. Look at that. Put it at phone. See what I mean? I was thinking about coming to work this morning. This is like squeezing blood out of a bowling ball. Or we already had a couple calls this morning saying what? Or they wanted basketball scores. Yeah, even blood comes in. My mom comes in this morning. And my mom is not the only one. The only one is the one. What? The bad thing that was the guy. QAM's foreflying. Oh, no. I want to talk to Neil. Oh, speaking. Oh, Neil. Yeah. How was it, Neil? Are you still looking for a good chocolate mullet? Am I looking for it? Well, you were talking about a chocolate mullet. I'm not looking for it. Not necessarily the mullet. Yeah. Well, maybe you can get that to. Well, the Johnny rocket be surprised. They actually make a good chocolate mullet. What was that? There's one in the fall that the chain here. The hamster and the play button. Oh, no. What is it? It's a chain. It's like a 50-famperters chain. Johnny rockets. I know there's one that there's one that there's one that there's one. One that's one that one of the falls for a chocolate mullet. Well, I think it might be. I had an extra. They haven't done that. They haven't done that. I take another stock tip from River. I'd have to be institutionalized if I did that. Seriously. Yeah, but they do have it. I think there's one up even in the sawgrass. Oh, is there in the sawgrass? I think there's a Johnny rocket. What up there? Carwash. Yeah, no, no carwash. Can't afford it. Okay, we'll find out. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. Okay. Oh, and guess what? I got very bad news though. I see I don't want to start unloading all the bad news. You know, although the good news, Montviness has come. A lot of guys may be coming, but you better do it fast because they'll close it down. But the bad news is that they got the drive through it. My stay can check there by the sawgrass. All sorts is in the drive through part inside. They got like, you know, nice white young people in there. But I guess maybe probably for me. Because they don't want me talking about any names on here and checking the same tags out, which I want. I mean, they're very nice people and they're very efficient. They give you the right order. You don't order cheeseburger with onion and wind up getting a chicken sandwich with the mayonnaise and lettuce. I mean, you know, which is what the supporters have done. The first thing that I've done is that they were going to get the best advice for the joints, especially like Wendy's and Burger King. Anybody in the sawdance ever go through the drive through it. Wendy's and Burger King in the last year or two and get what you ordered. No, never happened. Ever. It's like has, you know, American Airlines ever wiped anywhere on time in the last five years. They had a great piece on the MSNBC last night about the airlines and what are the the stress all the stuff that's going on and the delta they rip in an answer. Did you see a thing about Midwest? What do you call it? And they ripped America worse to which I love. You see that crappy guy at the counter that moved out. Yeah. Midwest. Cheese. Which I would never fly because we don't live in the Midwest. It doesn't go anywhere we go. They get you by the balls and they know what they act by. So I look, you know, the one really great domestic airline is that Midwest, the something or other, somebody will come tell me. And we're not going on it because it's not for us. That's a price you pay for being here in this goddamn place. Don't start on that negative. Let's be a positive. Okay. It's saying, Patty's day coming up tomorrow. Let's all march in the parade. Let's all mints in. You do our little leprechaun thing put on those. Yeah. Put on those tights. All those good head of a sexual Irishman with those tights on. Yeah. What the hell was that? What was what? The sounds of silence. It's like these little green meshes on. Quick, let's go on. Here's that for kick kick time. Oh, they're absolutely kinky charms. And the pushes we just saw today get the puttin' side. White chain. Blue whip. Red hand come. And pink arm. With green leather clover. I can't listen to me. I'm going to get away. Oh, we got you. Oh, don't pat him. Don't pat him me behind with his hair rush. Faster and faster and faster. Get the hair brought. Oh, you got to be puttin' for not eating your lunch and beer. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, yeah. We're looking for kinky yarn. The liquid's due to luxe heat and water. I hate the Irish. Yeah, that's all supposed to say. The first thing is to get in temperamental. 10 16 at 560 WQM Subaru and WQM presents our 2001 college hoopsest theory of contest. Do we care about this? I started to say before, muff comes in here and he's talking me about the, Oh, yeah, these college basketball games. But I wanted to pretty, I love it when he's underdog. I said, I don't really care. I'm no interest. Don't care. No, I don't. I just don't care about it anymore. Just have no interest. I'm not going to fake it. College terminal terminal. Just like I'm in the car last time. I'm going to the store and I've got the booster on orange head. And he's a 12 beat the five. Yeah, you know, he's doing his rock and roll DJ sports crava. The 12 beat the five. I thought I was listening to the fact, right? Oh, I had to forward a two seven eight and a seven made a brick and a stretch and pay me a jump over the Hubrail and Wally pulled back and, you know, the 12 beat the five. Aren't you impressed by that? Don't you want to know that? That the 12 beat the five. Come on, you know, stop being such a goddamn hard ass spick. Well, yeah, you better, you know, loosen your load a little bit. Yeah, I shouldn't have to say that to him. I've never seen anybody take a crap more than this man. Seriously, you for a little guy, you crap more than anybody I've known in my life a lot. Yeah. You don't even have irritable bowel. Maybe you're developing irritable bowel for me. More like garbage. Speaking of crap that P.D.L.A. brings in here. You never eat anything that he brings in. Yeah, but you have. Don't you remember the day that you were like. For hours and then when almost the one. I didn't capture the I learned. Yeah, I learned my life. And then he brings you those sick. Now, let me ask you this talk about. I don't want to say because today he's in the audience. He's getting his thing removed or whatever. He's getting some kind of a nodule removed. So I, we wish him the best to look on that. And maybe the work on his brain, too, if they can find it. But he brings in these a syrup. These low cal. I said, well, what that was that for? Ice cream. Or what's the point of putting low cal? I, uh, syrup's on ice cream. That's like getting a small diet soda with a banana split. I mean, well, yeah, what's the point of that? Jesus Christ, P.D.L.A. I mean, do you have any brains at all? Oh. Yeah. And then so anyway, he puts those two big containers of the stuff. And sure enough, I come in yesterday morning, which I begged him. Get that stuff out of here. We don't want it. And I look on the list. The first thing we didn't both have water in the second one is. So they both went where they belong in the Schmitcan. So I thought at least one of them was chocolate. But they were. And had something to do with chocolate. Yeah, but not the kind you're thinking about. Subaru and WQM presents our 2001 college hoop Sisteria contest. Log in to WQR onto or around the WQM.com. It's starting making your selections for today's round one games of the NCAA tournament. You have to tune today to get your first round Friday picks in Friday picks. It's like today's games get it. Prizes will be given away after each run to the grand prize winner. Walks away with a $1,000 in curl, the hard cash. courtesy of Subaru and sports radio 560. QAM. See the reason I have to read this a lot of stuff. I'm sure they promised the Subaru people a lot of like plugs on the air. Like our sales department probably charged him an arm and a leg for it. Yeah. Probably they're not getting anything else in return because that's one of the big games that our sales department loves to do. Like during that golf tournament, you know, that's probably why they were asking me to make air checks of your reading of that. Are you serious? Yes. Are you sure? Yeah. So they can prove to the client that they actually got some mentions in it. Well, you should totally that before we came on here and I could have read it off the year. You could have taped it. Why would that be different than some of the other, oh I'm sorry. No, I'm not. Then instead of reading it on the air. See, here's a tape of it like that proves I read it on the air. Being my voice, right? So anyway, thanks Rick for the good news about Mondes of penis or whatever that thing is going to be up there in Pompano, federal and sample road. Well, wait a minute. Federal and sample road. Oh, no, that's not fair. What's the the inch farted time there? Well, I'm coming home from the track all the time. No, Terry, trail power line. No, no, no, no, no. Then Pompano, the word they, what's the name of that place? Then the teddy bar up there in the Pompano P. She'd a three, that's one. Are there any like white people alive in that neighborhood? Oh, I mean, a lot of white customers I see driving in that place. I don't see any white that's a neighborhood. That's the hood, baby. That'd be the hood. I thought it was just like industrial water. Great lead into our poor question today. Great pool. Which group of people destroy a neighborhood the fastest? I don't think that'll be a tough pool. The polls? The Irish? Well, I'll give it to the ones I have on my list. And I'm trying to like, you know, make the list as broad as possible. So because if we make it to narrow, it's like I'm trying to lead people in a wrong direction. Down the garden path, down the Primora's lane. Which group of people destroy a neighborhood the fastest? Cubans, African Americans, Haitians, Jews, or Gays? No, those are the only ones I could think to put on. You've got to put like, you know, red necks on there. To a little park trash. Red necks? Okay, red necks? Good. Yeah, we got to make this as broad as possible. Because otherwise people say, oh, you see your pick on certain people again. I don't know what the result is going to be. We don't have a whole lot of Italians down here. But there are no Italians don't rule neighborhoods. Well, you put people on there that don't rule neighborhoods. Like Gays? Yeah, but there's no prejudice against. Don't you understand there is no prejudice against the Italians generally. Oh, and speak of that. And on press it ended ecological battle between the Vatican and Italy heated up on Friday. When the Italian environment Mr. Willy Borden willer Borden, warmly threatened the connolly electricity supply to Vatican Radio. Vatican Radio, which has been charged with breaking Italian laws on electromagnetic levels, said it was astonished by the threat, which would effectively pull the plug on the station, which broadcast Pope John Paul's words around the world. I mean, it's like that. All right. If within 15 days the broadcast it does not get backed on and on the limits of a Lord of the National Electricity Provider to suspend supply to the transmission set is Borden told a news conference. If the supply continued to provide electricity, it too would be held responsible for committing your crime. Vatican Radio broadcast the Pope's propaganda. I mean, speeches and events to the world in some pointed languages from a huge force of antennaing north of Rome, or some groups have reported that normally high levels of cancer. Oh, just a coincidence, I guess. The transmission center like Vatican City itself in the center of Rome is on extra territory of land and considered part of a sovereign state. Maybe that's why he and Fidel got along so well. They both like pumping up those big transmitters and jam and 80 billion watts of propaganda. Borden said the National Agency for the Protecting the Environment had registered three times Italy's legal limit of electromagnetic, a magnetism very one of Vatican Radio's evening broadcast. Italy has slapped strict regulations on emission levels, the Titus, the European Union, after Vatican Radio had been set up 44 years ago. How do you like that? So they might cut off his water. Gord score and his power too. Good. What do my Puerto Rican friends called up three nine me? Puerto Rican neighborhoods. Oh, okay. Okay. Puerto Rican. I didn't know. I don't know. I don't think I've ever lived around any Puerto Rican. I never lived in the Bronx. That's only a Rican neighborhood I know. It would be around the orange bowl. Ricans? Yeah. How about your makins? There you go. Like this neighborhood. I'm just going to say this neighborhood here do not be too good. This would be pretty crashing neighborhood here. Pretty crappy. Although by comparison. No, I'm worse. By comparison to what? Over town. Liberty City. Are you trying to like stack the door? No, no, no. Which group of people destroy neighborhood the fastest? And don't be blind. Another people from over now. Okay. When you move in if you like crap, if you're like a trash monster, if you live like some kind of a slob, subhuman scum. Jamaicans Puerto Rican's Cubans African American Haitians Jews. Oh, there he goes with the Jews again. Gays or redmix who love incest. So how do you call come yesterday? Speaking of ethnicity and that kind of stuff? Which of Niels comments piss you off the most? None of his comments piss me off. A shocking 70% out of a thousand 56. 740 said, Nanya, Nanya comments piss me off. Which I'm a tickle to death. His comments about orthodox Jews? That was the leading one though. 84, 7.9%. But a good battle there toward the end is comments about religion. Oh, 72, or 6.8%. His comments about blacks, 54, 5.1%. His comment about politics, 45, 4.2%. His comment about, 144, 4.1%. And last and way in the rear of the spectrum, way in the behind was his comments about Cubans. 16 or 1.5%. Someone reminded me about the Gypsies. There are no Gypsies, we do. I don't know about neighborhoods, but we have Gypsies here in South Florida. We have Gypsy neighborhood. I don't know about the neighborhood, but we have Gypsies. Yeah. And I hear some of them live in Carl Springs, and I heard a rumor that the Gypsy cried right there on the sofa. 26 passed a 10. I'm not putting Gypsies. I don't know enough of them to make a, Of course, to make a minion, you don't congregate down here. See, now when I put the Jews on there, should put orthodox Jews, because Jews don't rule the neighborhood. I mean, orthodox Jews, they rule the neighborhood. Sure. They throw stones at the less orthodox, and they like share or share. Then they're rolling road area. That's pretty nice. They're all orthodox there. How about on Miami Beach? How about on, what is it? Washington Avenue? Haven't been there in a cool age. Well, I'm putting whatever your name is, Eric. When you get to the Jew part on their put orthodox Jews, since they're already pissed off about me picking out them too much, and since this is a weekend poll, and they can't, at least on the Shavas part, starting to sound out and I can't dick with our poll, you know? Which group of people destroy neighborhood the fastest Jamaicans, Puerto Ricans, Cubans African Americans, Haitians, orthodox Jews, Gays or Rednecks? I like it. A hang this up, baby. Hey, you're a great show, bro. Stay back. What do you mean, honest with you? You'll stink. Well, hey, f***ing the garalard. After seven to two cities in four hours a night, Georgia, think it about Miami, had yourself a shower? Yeah, yeah. Okay. And I've got just the soup, Barrier. No, I wish you a good day. I wish you a good day. I wish you a good day. I wish you a good day. I wish you a good day. I wish you a good day. I wish you a good day. I wish you a good day. I wish you a good day. I wish you a good day. I wish you a good day. I wish you a good day. It's the boss of the orthodox Jews. Hey, baby. Strong enough for a sweaty road. Good eye, ladies, you. We need a new one. I wish you a good day. I wish you a good day. Now you won't be snetted like New Jersey and you're m'a. I'm not a good girl. I'm not a good girl. I'm not a good girl. I'm picking up a small number like something. We got two more lists here. Two more categories for our pool. Mexicans and Nicaraguan. I think that's a whole bunch now. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. That's 11 different categories. You know, a people that you want to keep us far away from you's possible. I mean, not necessarily, but just from our hood. Which group of people destroy a neighborhood the fastest? I mean, like lightning. Jamaicans, Puerto Ricans, Cubans, African Americans, Haitians, Orthodox Jews. Boy! Gays, Rednex, Mexicans or Nicaraguan. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Oh, see, he already had that pull up there. Nice going, Eric, but we got to add those last two under because they didn't realize we had that many Mexicans. They don't have many Nicaraguan's here. We have a lot of Mexicans in here. Do you know that for a factor? Somebody called you in to make that up. Somebody who's pissed off about it, I'll think about the mile. Well, we'll find out. Here's a call in Western. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, first of all, you're second capabilities. Once again, you mentioned a George, I put a little guy, spend a lot of time running off there to the restaurant. Yeah, he does. Are you, are you sure that it's just not that he's full of Schmidt or be that he's really going there to go to the bathroom? I don't know what he's doing in there. What he's sure is spend a lot of time in the toilet. All right. Well, that brings me to the top news story as I turn on Channel 7 news this morning by mistake. Yes. Let's see. Broken sewer pipe at the mouth of the minor river. All right. Any coincidence with the fact that they suggested minor river location for me? I must be crazy. I must be not. Wow. Maybe he's opening up the confession stands already. That's, you know, he's just figuring a copy of what's so which is about the same deal here. Yeah. So that's. At least this month, we don't trust this all that money in. Well, that's right. And it's interesting, you know, they were talking about how all these spring breakers, you know, that are down, you know, any Julia Tuddle set that they're trying to close beaches, Julia Tuddle south, but I figure first of all, those kids, they'll have no clue anyway because they'll be such a wrong by the time they get out to the beach anyhow. They won't wreck them out. We don't want any young people here. They'll make any much think about it. It's not for a hate young people. I'll allow you live here. The ones who visit here. We hate young punts. We can't stand it. We want nice old people who are safe. We'll just shovel crap. I'd have on the beach just to keep them alive for that. And I'll just let the old people loose out there with a philosophy bags. When it doubts, squeeze it out. You've entered your other mentioning house. We'll just send them over to Miami River to the bank. There you go. But the NCAA tournament, which of course is a huge sporting event. No interest. You are sports radio. You know, how you have to be... No interest. Intense it. But I'm going to have a hypocrisy about how the NCAA comes out and how they have this big issue about how they really don't want to promote gambling for college sports. They're offering free email and pager and often America digital phone updates of scores. Now who needs to get a picture? That's only for a serious fan that a consumer of baseball. They say they want to know what the scores it has. Not because they might have a couple bucks on the game or something like that. But I'm actually kind of hiding in my house over here. You know, I have a timer on my sprinkler system. The timer on the sprinkler system hasn't worked for months. And so I have to go out in early in the morning. If you want to do it manually. Exactly. So now they restricted it to Monday and Wednesdays for the address that I'm odd number address would. Although it's coming more than that, it's going to be once a week now. Once a week exactly. So today, by sheer out of the blue, the damn thing starts working. And it originally was Monday, Wednesday, Friday. So all of a sudden my sprinkler is going off this morning. I, you know, better the wrong time. Exactly. It's wrong time because the thing hasn't been working the time. I'll screw up. As I'm coming back in from being out running in Aaron, I see a public service commission vehicle roaming the neighborhood. So I'm hiding. Look at that. And I'm just going to tell the guy if he comes over here and says, hey, I'll be water seems to be. But I'm just going to tell him my dog has a urinary tract impact and just been peeing all over the place. Sounds like a host job to me. Good luck to you, pal. 560. Look at this. Two votes so far. So nobody's going to know which one I voted for. Yeah. Because the thing, Eric just got the whole poll up there. One for orthodox Jews, one for African Americans. You'll never know which one I voted for. I mean, you may think you know which one I voted for, but you'll never ever know. 560. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T. I mean, this is, it's just criminal. It's criminal what goes on in this country. And then nobody wants to talk about it and everybody's like real pilot lived about it. The only thing they do is move real fast. You know, they get on the phone to their real real real realtor and that's okay. Oh, they just moved in. So give me out of here. Yeah, real fast. But nobody wants to talk about it because it's not polite to do it. Why don't I help not? Look at that dive. The market is taking it again. Yeah. That consumer confidence thing. You would have received the initiative. I always told you with all the respect to Tommy Brady and my friend Mad Dog manager. Yeah. You would have received the initiative and consumer confidence thing. Yeah, too much bad. We need a man, Robert. Who cares about that crap? Here's a little piece of advice for when a book that I read last night from one of these experts. One of these preferred experts he said, don't ever try to time the market. That's what he said. Just sit tight as painful as it may be. As gut wrenching as it may be. Just just don't just turn it and thing off. And, you know, what goes down will come back up. Do we believe him? Maybe. So what I'm going to do, I'm riding an outman. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Love your show. Didn't see you every day religiously. Let me ask you the key. Here's the thing about Castro, an nominee for the noble price. Yeah. How do you like that? Are they out there doing drugs there? A switch alarm? It gets insane. I mean, what does this country come into and regardless of your poll? I wonder if they brought Hitler back if they'd make him the give him an Nobel Prize. Exactly. First thing I came to my mind. I wonder how come the Cuban judge to have a nervous breakdown about this? I'll probably on a radio, my B in those days. They're probably smoking, we're getting stuff this morning. I mean, I was just, I was smoking in those paper. I don't know where he was. I didn't know what to say. Me, I'm dying. What is it? And regardless of your poll today, I think in general, I think it's, I'm going to say some fair but I'm saying that if we're going to put all different nationalities, we might as well put in the Pakistanis. And the Oriental. But we don't have, well, why would Oriental ruin the neighborhood? I mean, Asian? Well, they're not. But the thing is that we all don't have a poll that is all for you. So if I'm on West, they have that. But we don't have those people here. We do have some patrioticities. Well, what are you going to have, but you're going to have camp drivers. And convenience store owners. That's true, Neil. Okay, give me some problem in light. Thank you, Neil. I haven't had this yet. What do you do? What were you just saying? Out West. Apparently they're having this same kinds of problems. You mean like in sweet water? Oh, you mean way out West. Yeah. They have a illegal immigration problem out there on that coast. Yeah. Recursing Asians. What are they doing kind of all day across the Pacific? Yeah. Yeah. The takers, travelers, full of them. Absolutely. Vote for everyday. Yes. I just do on risk material. Thousands, thousands a day. Well, good. Now we feel better about it. Why should it just be us in the Texas? Right. Maybe that's why they're having all those earthquakes in California. Maybe there's like too much weight, you know? Like on a plane? Although I understand that many of the people in San Francisco float. So if your toes are down the ground, that can't be responsible. Don't blame us for it. 560, 750, 50, pound 560, another dreary thing on that phone again today. But it's just so ponderous trying to squeeze them, squeezing the bowling ball. I'm squeezing it. I'm pressing. I feel like all any koalaks, you know? Thurmin Gibson. Buddy, bow more. That's an hour. I started doing all bowling guys. Sure. I think those are the only ones that I can't remember. I can't remember. I can't remember any other ones. Two more than I can say. Oh boy. Dick Weber. There you go. Probably a couple other dicks in there. Yeah. I say Thurmin Gibson. I said that. Left hander. Marty Perrino. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I get pain. To go to every wild one. I tell baby. But I can't think of the underpin. I'm too. I think it's wrong to sell out. In this place. But it's now I'm drizzled. Then I'm lost before. There's this baby of these doors. Kim's final. Me right to the door. There. I have drizzled. Then empty liner on to the. I have way to go. That's the girl. Don't care if it's me. Life is. It'll. It'll. It'll. You're. Oh, like me. You're drinking. Everything. Until I'm drizzled. Then y'all can sell. For some that the other kid is chill. So calling that you just in creep I'm way. Oh. I am drizzled. Then all of you. Please don't drink any thousand doom. There's a bad thing though. Go back to a high moon. Back to. 1047 at five sixty every. Or boys. Here's a fact. Don Carter. How can anybody forget. Don Carter about half the bowling. And work in the. After all done. Johnny. Which I never heard him. Here's one that I just remembered. But it's. Fazio. And remember him. Sure. Or boys. Drought. Hammer's. Lord is marijuana. Drought your. Rattication efforts got a boost from other nature and Florida. Where a severe drought has. Stunted. The illegal marijuana crop. The floor of the FD release it on Tuesday. Law enforcement agencies. 39,000 to 119 marijuana plants were 39.2 million dollars from around the state. 9 2000 about 30% less than the previous year in the lower number in 20 years. If you think you're having trouble keeping your lawn alive imagine trying to covertly water in the entire marijuana plot. FD. Alleged David Broadway told the Orlando send. David Broadway. Mother nature is played a big part in the scarcity of the domestic crop. This year he saved. Meteorologist had 2000 was the dry sea on record in Florida. Were most residents of underwater use restrictions out there. Burning bands and wildfire alerts. Marijuana plants generally have short roots. And need lots of water. We got short roots. I can relate to that. 92 votes already in our survey. And our survey says, which group of people destroy our neighborhood the fastest? I mean like lightning, like Greece Lightman. 92 votes African Americans have 42. Red Max 11 Haitians 10. Puerto Rican 7. Cuban 6 to make in 6. Orthodox Jews 6. Yays 3. Nickaraglins 1. And Mexicans. We don't have any Mexicans here. They're in leisure city, homestead. But let them move their soul. Huge. What? Some of them. Well, they're in graves. They didn't start as lettuce. Right. Tomatoes. Strawberry. Yeah. Well, somebody's got to do it. Not we don't have any Mexicans here. I think you're making that up. That's a 500 people called in. Well, then they must be nice neighbors because they don't have any votes on here now. Actually. Yeah. I mean, they're safe neighbors. And then by October from a refried being or two here and there. They're not going to commit crime on you. Jen, I'm speaking. Are they safe? They're safe. See, I'm going to tell you right now. We need to bring in busload of the Chinese people. Okay. No? Why not? They're safe. I like Chinese. I love Chinese. Let's play it. What do you want to play it? No. Oh, sorry, Rick. Seriously, Chinese people are wonderful people. And they're like ethics and morality. And the other are Chinese gangs. Like there's gangs and everything like punks. But generally speaking, the Chinese are very educated and very polite and very, they're over generalizing about the city Chinese. The rural Chinese are very backwards and antiquated. No, I'm talking about Chinese people who are coming here. I'm not talking about Chinese and China. What rural Chinese do you think? They're being oppressed and what rural Chinese like in Montana? Where were you talking about? China. It's huge. But when I talk about Chinese people at rural China, they're not coming here. No, they're not. Okay. The rural Chinese people are the ones who come here. Large portions of them. And open up all these great Chinese restaurants. Not them. Oh. But what do they do? You haven't seen any of those reports on the West Coast. That what they do when they do is take place. Wait, no, I'm the West Coast. Right. We're not talking about here. We have barely any here. That's what I'm saying. I said we need to bring in bus loads of nice Chinese people. Not to kind of like, uh, sewerwatch you're talking about who are over there. Well, that's not about which is most of the Chinese people. Those are the refugees over where in the West. Well, all the drugs around the West Coast, you know? They howl were them. Let's worry about us. They eat tiger balls. Well, they do. So there's something good there. Somebody's got to eat tiger balls. Yeah. Maybe they like golf. I don't know. 560, 50560. We can't really put no seriously. We could use tons of Chinese people here. And they got a very friendly little on tight in the free in the beginning. But once you loosen them up a little. No, seriously. And of course, I don't want to get to it. 109 votes so far in Africa and Americans are running away. No, actually it's the white people. I don't want to run away from all of the above. See, that's bad. But you can call us bigoted knowledge of the things. But see, people don't move out of a neighborhood just because they're afraid of a, they're afraid that the property van is going to go down. The quality of life is going to go down. It's going to be crime. It's going to turn into a toilet. That's why people move out. And then other people point the thing that's, you'd be bigoted man. You'd be bad. And of course, that's not true. That's a silly. Kind of like a chicken in the question. 560, 50560 on the AT&T. Very weak response. You're on a phone today about anything. These people are in law, all land again. I got such a headache. It was for me that I'm with this morning. That thing was crap. What? Hey, I don't care. It may get so sweat off my ass. I don't even know. I'm like my own goddamn. I don't even think anyway. Keep your can all those milkshakes. I'm steak and shake. Or they have the shfartards and the drive through. You see how it's kind of like a spreading thing. I don't want to sound like some kind of old, bigoted racist here on the year. But I mean, isn't there any place where they're like just white people besides Denmark? No, no, you don't know what I'm talking about. And cork eagles. I mean, it's got to be someplace else. Where? Montana. I don't have a talk about a place where people would want to be. I mean, you could say the North Pole. I don't want to be in Montana. Maybe you want to be in Montana. I don't. I want to show you Montana. No, no. You know, I don't know what it is. You'll see what the orange hair area is up there with the orange hair area. Why would you put the white, where he? With tumble rhymes with Mary. You got to get to the mountains. Here's the Mobile In Plantation Miller. Hello. Yes. How are you? Great. And you're the only guy in folks to honest on the year. I've ever told you before. I'm not going to go away to listen for a week. Really? I love your show. Of course. Yeah. Thank you question. Sure. Why are black veterans sports? Why are they veterans sports? I don't know because they've been learning to train to run fast because they've been chased a lot. Oh, obviously. Back during the days when they had the lynchings, we taught them how to run like a mother. When you were taught, when you were speaking last week, they said, only they were super a week, right? You taught almost, shippin' them back to Africa. I love that. Yeah. I don't think we should do it. I'm just saying I love you. Sure. Sure you are. You're saying we got a day. I said it, but you don't have the balls to say it. What I'm saying. We have a lot of people. We have a lot of black people listening to the show. And the people who live here. The black people who listen to this show, they can stay here and as long as they're nice, we'll interview them. And if they're friendly, you're nice, they can stay. But all of a sudden, I mean, it's just one of those things. We don't have room for me. And they multiply too fast. Well, anyway, I love your show. Like I said, I've been listening for only for one week. But I've listened every day since. There you go. Can I get, uh, tell you, joke? No, we don't do jokes. But have a great, have a great weekend. Get out of here. No, do jokes. On the fact, but she'll eat the jokes, so I can preview them. And if they're amusing, I'll do it. Mid West Express is named at Irland. I was trying to think of earlier. I forgot to mention it. Quentin MSNBC is a great Irland. Is it a Fliny we're here? Oh, we are. Does it do any good for us unless you're in a Midwest? No, it's a great Irland. And it's your great food like I'm real China, even in coach. I think if I caught the drift of that piece last night, they didn't even have a first class. Everything is first class. It's all the same. Big wide seats. Great service. Pantish, fancy food, silverware like real China and real silver. And then they showed Delta, but a goddamn trail mix. You know, I mean, that's just. And what's the other one that they call the, not the happy meal, but the little box. I think that's Delta, maybe it's American where the portion of the coach they have the fund pack. The company light, light, something. Yeah, the up chuck lunch. And then in a little box and as you're getting on a plane, the people in coach, they have to take this little box. Here is here it is. We just charge you like 800 bucks to fly 200 miles and here's here's a box with some still crackers in it. A couple of nuts, which you already bought my own thank you. And what the hell is that? Kind of garbage is that. So can a guy damn public you airline people. You suck. That's why I just want to say right now, there's some good airlines like my friends at your Canada and Martin Scher. And a couple of others, although those are those are not domestic airlines. Is there really a good domestic airline beside Misswater when was expressed, which I never heard of to last night. I'll have to take their word for you know. I'll have to assume it's the MSNBC. But is there really such a thing? I mean, getting placed on to, I'm not getting on an airline for great food because it's not going to happen anyway. Unless you're flying, alatagian, first class. Not even business class anymore in first class for like, you know, eight grand or something. Forget about it. Because it's all monopoly. It's all crap and they have all these, they bring on all these shows and all the showbox. Thank you. The beast robot. Thank you. What do you agree? Because I call it the bar store box is what I call it. Beaster bag. The beast robot. Oh, God. Had to be sure to take your beast robot. Well, that wonderful food in it. Before you go back and sit those little tiny seats that were you, and that it for five year old kids with tiny asses. Oh, Jesus. But I have very few complaints because like I said, I've been very lucky to fly in mostly international carriers. And most of them are pretty good. I mean, Martin Airford's cheapest there, I got to tell you they're pretty good. I've had, you know, couple of first-wing experiences, but generally speaking is one who flies about four million times a year. I have few complaints. Well, what do you think the Mesticaries like America worst, they should only have wicked diarrhea for about six months? And the PG should be right there with them too. It's Friday, you wear spoons. Feeling down in blue, I already have an orange. Pretty soon. Found some yellow chain. Surprisingly, I'll lose the chain. Oh, that's really cool, man. Hey, is that ground up corries? Try it from the passenger's cookie corks. Please, Alex. How's your corks, kind of it? Hey, man, you stop his drain. Is that a leopard gun on this ceiling, man? Why are you doing this? And that's another one. I don't know about one. I don't know about one, two. Hey, that's been to a right man, the place is proud of him. I knew stepping going. Amazingly, I was going to take a kiss. I love it. I wanted five, six, you know what I got? Jim Mad Dog, man. Yeah. And for Hank at two this afternoon, Hank's author and Vegas, ostensibly for the N.C. That way is, but of course, the plunges brains out and have a great time. I'm sure he is. Gildi, I'm game-eyed, hard rock cafe at six. Panther preview of Kevin O'clock tonight. The Penguins in the Panther's. That game looks like it'll be the only cell out of the year. Are they going to see the Panther's? Oh, they're going to see Mario. Any K after the hockey game? Am I going to that game tonight? No. No. A man once had an extremely bad case of hemorrhage. He decided to go to the doctor prescribed him some tablets to take. However, said the doctor, because this is such a severe case of hemorrhage, these tablets will have to be given evenly. Right, Tom? Thus said the doctor gave the patient the tablet via the aines. Also, you'll have to have another one today at 7 o'clock, another one every 12 hours for the next week. The man thanked the doctor and went home. At 7 o'clock his girlfriend was at his house yesterday if she could give him the pill. She agreed and placed one hand on the boyfriend's shoulder and gave him the pill. With that demand properly screamed. Are you okay honey to the hurt that much? No, it didn't hurt replied to man. I just realized when the doctor gave me the pill he put two hands on my shoulders. Back home. Exactly. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Don't forget one more time for this because parents are good upset. Even though I have absolutely no interest but our friends at Subaru do. Subaru and WQN presents our 2001 college whoops history account. So you hysterical? Oh, log on to WQN.com and start making your selections for days, round one, gains to the NCAA tournament. You have to tune the day to get your first round Friday picks in. Prices will be given away after each round of the grand prize. When it walks away with a $1,000 in cash courtesy of Subaru and sports radio WQN. I'm sure that Subaru is given away like 995 bucks and we're given away like maybe five bucks. So you're probably going to get the 995 real quick and the other five bucks. Don't hold your bread. Here's Pop and O'Hillow. Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay. I really quick couple of old diamonds common sounding old. Uh-huh. And Billy Wale? Right. Very good. Yeah. I think so. Neil, I was reading yesterday and you were saying today. I think all of itself he knows that too. As a matter of fact, but anyway. I was reading yesterday's paper. You said today did you hear about the poor guy out in Las Vegas? I don't know what the spot machine. No. Well, he was out there and he was playing this progress. I just want machine with a front of his. And what happened is he's flying down to the question and he turned and he pulled the rubber. And he came up and he hit the megabucks and megabucks, megabucks. Right. Only the fight when the man in your cane. That, you know, I have to put in and you know, I'm back. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. Yeah, he only put in two coins instead of three. You don't have to wear a line. He would have won seven of them, half a million and steady won ten thousand. Oh, because he didn't put in three coins. Because his friend, uh, uh, uh, uh, interfered in the- And his tractor. You know, if I didn't don't- Yeah, I would do to his friend. Yeah. Just like somebody gives you a bad stock. Yeah. Or, uh, turn you out to a bad stock, over. He didn't like it. He's a bad- He didn't like it. At least. I didn't know that I'd say a tough-a-d-fo-coach, but I would've thought it was a deep-on Clap-one out there. Probably. But you know, I'm definitely going to get, you know, axe out there. So I hope it wasn't hacked. I'm sure not. But, uh, you know, I really had to throw it here. Okay. Thanks for your good news. Okay. Can't we know where to stick it in? Can't you imagine that? I'd like- I mean, talk about stupid. You'll see people playing the wheel of fortune slots out there. In order to have a chance to get the wheel, you have to have all three coins in. And they're putting in two coins. Or one coin. I mean, we're going to get any spins. What's wrong with this guy there? And they're sticking to money in there. And like, uh, you know, man, dumb. It says right on the- on the machines, you know, spin on the a- through the wheel. Got a- uh, uh, god. Not that many smarter, because I'm out there playing the slots. Anyway, I'm just as dumb as they are. Punching my brains out. But at least I'm having a good time. I'm like that stock market. Take another precipitous drop today. But I don't care. Nothing I can do about it. Just sit back, be philosophical. Don't try to time the market. And don't buy bonds. Now, seriously, according to this book, stocks are performed bonds and cash by like a zillion times over the years. What says? So if it turns out not to be two and three or four years, I'll just find a guy the road and just, uh, you know, shoot him in the lake. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes. I want to give you the name of another old-time baller. Uh-huh. Who's C-Lap from the Stroke's team in Detroit? Never heard of him. And Fazio, a bunch Fazio and Lucy Lap were on the Stroke's team. They used to give exhibitions on Sunday morning at the old-wide seven. Uh-huh. In Detroit and all the girls. Great. That's it. Franklin Sears. 560560, you know, we're back to the harness driver. They didn't have any of these names in there. And they know which good, confusing. Keep them off balance. That's what I say. Oh, is that? Some old guys, some old fart. Okay. Here's our last call. It's from out of town. It says Milwaukee. Hello. Hey, all happy Friday. Same day. Hey, uh, you've got my Midwest Express. That's their hub up here in Milwaukee. It is the best airline you'll ever travel on. Huh? The seat. There is no first class. All seats are the same. So, uh, to the meals are actually good food. They sure got some great publicity on MSNBC last night. They did free, uh, they give free wine. Uh, I mean, it just makes it a happy flight. If I'm just going to fly over an hour. But what do they do? Like fly from Chicago to Milwaukee or things like that? No, they actually fly down to the Dallas. They wasn't going to lead down to, I think, four mires and maybe Miami. But it's only seasonally. Oh, I think. Uh, I think they can't feel that their Easter. They only run it from in the winter months. Uh, Kansas City, um, you know, the truth of the Midwest. Honestly good. I mean, it is the best airline you'll ever take. You can fly over an hour. Go Midwest Express. I guess I'll have to move there, no? Thanks for the food. Why would you want to lead paradise? Yeah, that's your good point. Take care, Neil. Thanks. Okay. We got 75,000 open lines here. And I'm embarrassed for the Saudi. It's again. This week has been really bad. I feel like I've been this week. I've been yankin it pulling that squeeze that and still can't get a response. What's wrong with these people? What is wrong with you folks? Here's our last call, Lady Mobile and Carl Springs. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, are you still doing the call? That's being done. Yes, ma'am. We're still doing the pull. Pull her into the neighborhood. Yes. Yes. Trader Park Trash. Trader Park Trash. Redneck. Okay. Okay. Trader Park Trash. But then we got to head by the moron for the jury's spring or show. Not a call on the board. Baby, that said, go home. I'm going home. I'm going to go to the Midwest and get on the summer. Anywhere in the Midwest, top on that Midwest Express airline and just keep flying around Eatin there. You're a good food. Just having a lot of wine. That said, I'm just not taking any more calls today. I mean, what's the point of this? The show is over. The Saudians is dead. This happened to remember this happening yesterday, too. Like about 1035. Here are a site 10 after 11. And a catch out there, tongue. Yeah, we're worried. We're just a tear to your crap. We're just a sicker. Oh, Neil, what are we going to do? You're going to be leading this soon. Yeah, three years. You're going to be leading this. What are we going to do? I'm not going to tell I'm going to do. I've worked this way. You see, but she's played a whole day. Yeah, but don't you miss this during the summertime? Yeah, I'm missing around every day of begging, including for people to say something. Anything. Why, just love them then. Well, well, well, well. Right. Oh. Tonight on the WB, it's Buffy, the Leopard Gunslayer. Oh, hey, that's fun. I'm not tormenting you. That's a wrong. What are you doing? No, you're a vampire, Slayer. Not that leopard Gunslayer. Oh, what's the idea? You can stop punching me in the end. Buffy, the Leopard Gunslayer. Broken my head. We're not supposed to move the body. Yeah. 114, please. Somebody wants to describe the same pattern today. There's just another excuse for the Irish to get drunk. Which I find ridiculous because everybody knows the Irish don't need an excuse. To get drunk. That's right. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T. I think somebody peed in my omelette this morning. You know what? I'm standing like my eyes are watering and I feel like, you know, my head is, uh, all congested, either better. It's my Florida allergies. I'm allergic as hell to this place. How could you forget it? Oral anthony says this one. Oh, and I don't know what you've had. That's right. Another great bore. Oh, excuse me for blowing my nose on here. You're not supposed to blow it on here. Here's the thing. And they do fly to Fort Lauderdale, like during the season, I guess. They fly, uh, that's some Midwest Express Airlines. Somebody fact me, they're itinerary, the map. They fly from Milwaukee. That's their hub to San Francisco to Las Vegas. Hear that? So let's go to Milwaukee and get drunk. And then we'll go to Las Vegas, okay. Jesus, Dirkal. Los Angeles, they fly to Phoenix, Denver, Omaha. Oh, I do like Omaha. Next range of I like Omaha. There's never been there. Really? Oh, they got all those great steak houses and boy, those corn fedmen, western people, girls, both. Some. Well, some can't tell. No seriously, they got beautiful. Do any of you ever seen the people in Nebraska? I think if we wanted to take a definitive place for the most beautiful people in America. And I think you know, I talk about the beaches in the, you know, South Beach and for Lauderdale and L.A. Hawaii. I think Nebraska, Omaha anyway. William. What? Yeah. You wouldn't think so would you? Well, no Bible, but well, people so. Oh, man. Those corn fed people. Corn fed. Corn fed and corn, whole good skin. Beautiful skin. Not as good. I just smooth as the Chinese people though. See, I don't know why you're so much against the heaven and whole bunch of not many people. I've got a very tunnel vision view of the Chinese because of what we have here. I hate to break the news, do you, sir? I mean, if I didn't have this headache, which I have a horrible headache, but if I didn't have this headache, I'd laugh so hard that I would like probably wet my pants. See, the Chinese people that we have here. He says, not keep in mind that I've been in, I don't have like a lot of Chinese people all over Europe. I can roam and like Amsterdam. Do you have any idea how many Chinese people are in Europe, and you're a P.N. city? No. In one block, in any city in Europe, you'll find more Chinese people in five minutes city. You could scour all of South Florida, including all the restaurants, and you wouldn't find as many Chinese people. Okay. And how about in Toronto where they have not one, but three different China towns in Toronto, okay. Yeah. We need to turn it down. That's what I'm trying to tell you. They're beautiful people. I don't have a problem. They have a problem with an out west. They're having problems. When you get your brain out of out west, already from Christ's, between Montana and west coast, you've got to bring your brain a little bit closer back to here, please. All right. Very desirable. Try to do it. We're talking about us, sadly. Anybody they fly over to place? Kansas City? From Milwaukee, that's their hub, and they fly from Kansas City to like Atlanta. Anybody want to go to Atlanta? Me. Rollin North Carolina? That's what you can fly there from the Milwaukee. So go to drive up to the Milwaukee and then fly to Milwaukee and then back. Just do a round trip. Just to see how the your line is. Now you're smiling if you have to play your cards. Right. Tell me, give me some pre-publics. You get your freebie on it. Okay. Work like summer. Work like hell on Martin there, didn't it? No. Work like hell on National Lair on Savannah, didn't it? No. Damn it. While they need the money, National, we got to keep them afloat. I hear Hank just flew off through the biggest on National. There's still on business. You think Hank got a baby? Here's line two and somewhere. Hello. I just, I'm kind of a closet racist, but I'll say that for number two white trash certainly will mess up the town fair. Well, I know something you might have your thumb on it because so far, Africa and Americans are a distant number. I mean, way ahead of the pack number one. But number two are rednecks. Yeah. I just don't know the ball to discuss it. Okay. You know, black people, it's weird. It's just a... What do you mean you have the ball to discuss it? Well, I don't know because I know somewhat racist. I'm not, you know, not... Well, but you understand this is the black man's plan. This is how he gets even for those slavery and all other stuff. This is by making a lot of problems for us and they're doing a great job of it. Well, I make you time in this problem. Every woman being, I give the benefit of it out. Every woman being, I mean... Well, we're not talking about individuals. I mean, there are obviously some nice black people. I haven't met too many, but there's some individuals are very nice. But we're talking as a group, you know, as a class. We're generalizing. I've met a lot of nice black people, but I'll tell you this in the neighborhood that I would never live in. That's all I was to live in over time. And they're getting through there. Yeah. Or quickly. Oh, Polaca. Lovely. I just go into the arena. Look at the Liberty City. It's a pretty shitty town. Downtown Miami right there by the arena in the Camille House. Come up here to West Palm. Which is a good clean meals. Downtown West Palm Beach. There you go. That's where I am. It's a scary situation. Okay, I'll see you in the other side of the bridge. Yeah. I'm moving on to Malibu on next week. Okay, say how to ask the louder. Whoever that is. Okay. Whoever that is. Here's a guy that lives in West Palm Beach. You don't know how to say that. Because they won't let him on the other side of that bridge over to Palm Beach. They don't allow his kind over there. Whoever that is. Make up. I don't know if that's the louder still alive. I would think so. Because she had like, oh, yeah, the company. I don't know about her. Huh? Well, they had a huge mansion in Palm Beach. I mean, gigantic. I like the Kennedy compound. So let's hang out of this thing here. But it was the express here on maybe we've been in the scammer for you a trip on that. I don't think they don't help after getting a deal on MSNBC last night. Nationwide worldwide. Great publicity. See, close to the goes to show you. You do a good job and people are going to say nice things about you. If you do a crappy job like American and Delta and America war, people are going to say, oh, I like that. Do you hear that? Yeah. That was a good one. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Good in the act and got no problem. You know, he's not approaching himself. It's just the sweet side mess. That's why I can't. I don't. I don't combat it. That's why I'm fat as a pig. That's why my head is spinning from all those talk with shakes from your steak and shake. I'm serious. I'm going to die from steak and shake. So what do you do with it? What do you do with it? What do you suggest? What do you mean? What do I do? I don't. I'd tell my guts out wishing that I could be slim and beautiful. Thank you. And have a look at that. Do you have more chance in the Chinese bomb book? Yes. No, I don't. It's my effect. I don't. Oh, you're the only one. Like the filament too. So it's all time too uno. Good. Interesting. There's a lot of similarities between Espanol and Italian. But the Italians are going to work. I understand. I know that. Okay. The same route. Like a baby route. That's what I got. A baby route. Yeah. Five, six, seven, oh five. Oh five, sixty. I'm just in co-haired that L'amlet just sent me that I'm my head of swimming. I'm not talking about the sugar swimming from like a rubber wall. It's a tool that you don't want people off the visit of today. Oh, god, no. Is that man crazy or what? You want to bring me more of that rubory post. It's the last time as he out of his mind. I mean, I want to bring you more of that rubory post. It's the last time. I mean, I want to bring you more of that rubory post. I like that last time as he out of his mind. I mean, I want to head and made the call. I just figured it was a safe safe for him to make. You made the call for what? No, he's he called. And I told him, no, thank you. I don't think you're in the mood based on that. No, thanks. No, thanks, Jeff. We love you. You're great. Have a nice shower. And a back. If a big kiss to my friend Tanner give a little pun down his door for me. And then, you know, I'll say I wish I were me. But that's it. No way. No fool. I got to stop. I sympathize with that last guy because, god, you know, the American people. We are so god damn fat. And I know that nobody wants to talk about this because it's embarrassing. Because you know, it's just like the thing with the neighborhoods. I'm the only person in the goddamn country that's willing to come on a goddamn radio every day. And talk about the stuff that most people are too pushify to talk about. Like that kind of caught about a half hour ago, said he's been listening for a week. And he can't believe how great this show is. And all the stuff that I say that nobody has the ball to say. Much less on a radio. And that's right. That's the effin' right, man. Fat where we're disgusting. We're just huge cows. What is big purpose? And I'm trying to say it really bad. I want to stay can check yesterday. And I hit it pretty good. What did I eat here? Oh, I had it from Iro. I had it. Let me see. It subs. Huh? Yeah, I had the cool cut stuff. And I, you know, and it wasn't really all that much in there. I said a lot of greens, which is good. That's why I like it. And then Noah, none of the coupons, which I can eat. That's when your blood sugar is going to go out. So that was okay. And then I went home and I had one of those protein bars. Huh? Nothing. I can once but these um, carbohydrates. Carbolais, and some, I'm sorry, carbs solution. Oh, okay. Some, we got some, we got some. And uh, and then last evening, about seven o'clock, you got in the car and went over to stay can check. I got a step going there. I got a double cheeseburger with onions and bacon, and a large chocolate shake. And I did something I never, ever do, ever. I ate the cheeseburger with the bun. And I'm going to tell you something it was delicious. It was and yeah. Yeah. And I wonder where my hit is swimming this morning. Now, I've lunched here this morning was 137, which is an astronomical. But I mean, it should be a bit lower than that usually is. And then in the morning, it goes up quite a bit. And then I came in here late that God damn, I'm at. And so now my hit is swimming and I'm struggling to see a fat. And only with them, lately, trading waters by taking dioretics. You know what, taking dior and a sped is bad for dioretics. Because first of all, for anybody, because taking prescription dioretics increases the Uric acid levels. What's going to give you, you know, your feet, it's bad for you. But I have to do it. It's like taking a sponge and ringing the water out, you know, and you keep bringing it out and pretty soon the sponge is like, Dreck, you know, you're like a handful of pieces of what used to be a sponge. And that's what it's like doing your body taking those dioretics. That's what it does to your kidneys. See now here I go again with this crab. But that guy got me motivated because he's frustrated. And I would like to just say, if I make you feel any better, I'm another fat sloth that can't stop the guy damn sweet. I can't stop the sweet. I can't stop the guy damn sweet. I can stop the pasta. I can stop the bread. I can stop the rice over the I attended that cheeseburg with a boneless man. So good. Almost made up for the fact that Josh was not in the drive through an all-ershparch is worrying her well, what is that all about seriously? We have to ship, I mean, I know we bust people to schools, but those people don't live out there. I hope, I mean, I don't think. Huh? I shouldn't have said I hope, should I? No, no, I mean, it's not that I don't want. We have black people living out there by me because most black people don't want to live in Liberty City or they don't want to live there. They're thinking of for it to get out. They don't want to live in a swamp. Of course not. They don't want to live in the hood. They want to live like respectable places where like upstanding white people live. You know? I can't blame them. But why can't we just have like some fast food place that's got like white people in it? I don't get that. There was white people in their last week and all of a sudden, there's black people at the drive through. And I bet you're going to wake them up anyway, people working there. You know what I'm saying? See how that starts? Like you plant one little seed. And all of a sudden you got to hold God in field of the growing in your backyard. All you did was I'm on one plant. And all of a sudden you got to hold the yard full of that crap and he helicopter is flying over. And you got real tourists, baby. Yeah. That's right. When the chopper starts flying over, you got problems, man. They're after your ass. And because this is the US, they're going to drag your fat ass away. And it will be a fat ass because it's America. Everybody's got a fat ass. And I'll drag it away. And throw your ass into your opportunity. Because they don't like the God they're wicked weed. And all like the drug people. They got them a pot people. Because this country like a bunch of overwhelmed childrens. And I do understand. I salute the blood people for getting even. That's what they're doing. I don't know why you're smiling. And this is what they are doing. That's why they call so many problems. I mean, you can, you know, run around with Jesse Jackson and Ferrocan and I'll shut them all those asses. Nobody pays any attention to them. But when you go around, start screwing up people's neighborhood, then turn them into a juggernaut, and slum and force them to keep selling their property and moving at a big loss. Then let's get an even I would say. So when I was going on your start to see what you're doing at Baby, not don't forget this Sunday to become a pick you up. Many of these were all those kids were rumours that they were scattering by the school I heard yesterday. Maybe they're getting ready to hop on that BTA thing. Yeah. Fly the youth fair spirit. That week I did the crazy estate. I blew the open to learn to keep on it. It didn't happen. I blew the open to learn to keep on it. It didn't happen. It took me to check out my dad. And what happened was, why are you running? There was a black guy standing on the corner. I said to him, I was out and you're blood was going down. And you looked at me and I was some kind of brain. And you were sleeping with me, talking. Jake, you blew the jay before me. Now how did you like the jay, you blew the jay before me. You blew the jay before me. You blew the jay before me. Now how did you like the jay, you blew the jay before me. He's very funny for you. And he blew the jay before me. I never knew. I'm just learning he's funny. I never knew. I never knew. I'm just learning he's funny. I never knew. I never knew. It's that his lesson would all do. I'm not a f**k, I'm a f**k, I'm a f**k. And that laser I know I was dying. Someone called the ferrametting. I do. I do. Then another dude said that you pathetic on people. Do the body's a dead man. Do the dead man. Do the dead man. You. Jake, you blew the jay before me. Now how did you like the jay, you blew the jay before me. You blew the jay before me. You blew the jay before me. You blew the jay before me. You blew the jay before me. Now how did you like the jay before me. You blew the jay before me. You blew the jay before me. You blew the jay before me. Now how did you like the jay before me. Now how did you like the jay before me. You blew the jay before me. You blew the jay before me. Now how did you like the jay before me. You blew the jay before me. You blew the jay before me. Now how did you like the jay before me. I'm pretty 2550 W. I'm so anyway, Jeff. I think it's going to come over anyway and do a demonstration of eating Anse here on the show instead of like having lunch. Well, this dispensed with lunch. What? Who's the subject? Medi Bell. So anyway, man found a little better. Get this lady on here. She'll hang up. She's just a little more than a key. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. How are you? Great. Um, yeah. Head and down to the keys and I just wanted to place my boat for white trash. Yeah. And, okay, thanks. And how did you? Bye, bye. Bye. Bye. Mall customer found guilty of exposing himself. Oh, right. This is a great story. A Rossville man. I don't know where Rossville is. Let's see. Well, I guess they'll make any difference. Nobody wasn't aware that his penis was hanging out of his shorts during visits to three stores at the typical Mall, last October, has been convicted on three counts of public in decency. Christopher M. Philippo 28 was convicted the end of a one day jury trial in typical Superior Court on Tuesday. According to testimony, a clerk at Hotline Shuse notified Mall security the morning of October 16th when Philippo left the store. She told a security officer that Philippo had exposed his penis to the leg of his shorts while trying on shoes. The security began monitoring Philippo via surveillance cameras after leaving Hotline Philippo went to the shoot apartment of Coles Department Store. Video taken their short Philippo fidgeting rearranging his shorts and looking around. After leaving Coles, he went to Sears, spent some time trying on suits and then went to the shoot apartment where he was caught on surveillance video again exposing himself to the leg of his shorts. He never bought any shoes. Security officers confronted them as he was leaving the mall and he was arrested by Lafayette Police. Philippo was murdered in a youth leader ready. And at a youth leader ready as church was represented during the trial by attorney Stephen Meyer. Philippo testified that if he explores himself it was inadvertent. His genitals must have slipped out of the lining of his shorts. He said it was surprised what he watched the video and saw how frequently he was talking in his shorts. He said it was an unconscious habit. Deputy prosecutor Christine Smith argued that the repeated incidents could not have been accidental. Several friends and family members attended the trial has ministered testified to a strong character and large penis. The jury deliberated for an hour and 20 minutes before convicting Philippo of all three class A. Mr. Miners. Judge Laura Zeeman sentenced to the two years on probation, including 90 days in house arrest and imposed $425,000 fines and court costs. And hopefully we'll get him some new shoes. 560-5060 pound-560 on the AT&T and provides a wireless line. Maybe it's just my allergies. You know? Think that could be it, aracting up. It could be. Because my eyes like watering, it's golden around. And my nose is running is it? It's very. I think I got bad allergies. My WQA allergies are really big. Oh, awesome. Especially when I saw a lady building a whole waiting. Get out of here, Maddie. You little, I don't even want to call them. Dickhead. And that would be a compliment. But there's a good close friend to Gallo. Okay. You can come in and see us anytime. Get Maddie. Step on him. Here's sunrise, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing good. How about you, sir? Oh, I'm doing wonderful. All right. Just sitting here putting my leg on because all those chocolate shakes. Uh-huh. Yeah. It'll do it every time. You bad. I got some old boulders for you. Okay. Ray Bluth. Ray Bluth. Yeah. With the big eyebrows. Bobby Kennipple. Man, don't know that one. Dave Davis. Yeah. And I got one more thing about the neighbourhoods. I got one from New York 20, some odd years ago. There is nothing that can kill a neighbourhood fast in the prosthetic Jew. No, it's on there. They're doing pretty good. I got 22, 20, 18, whatever. They were in every neighbourhood when they moved out the blacks move in. Okay. And that's why also in your fast food places. Soon as the first black person moves in, the white people move out. In the fast food joint. Sure. Are you serious? Sure. Especially Miami Sups. Okay. Thanks for the good news. I see. I'll see you at subway. Orthodoxy. See, Newton's thing that belonged at the list. This guy here has experience. He knows what it would be all about. What doesn't belong in the list? Orthodoxy. They create havoc in the sentient and full-med in the throw rocks and just create the psychosis. Not to mention the aroma, of course, of the good. Well, the ones out by me and Hollywood are just fine. Wonderful. Yeah. See what you're just sucking up because your account is one of them. You know, that's why you're sucking up. Yeah. I hope it gives you some of that diet the Hall of Ha. And then I hope he does. Yeah. I hope he does. And then you'll think Peter Lenner's probably not so bad. Yeah. Man. All your neighbors will be shmits. 265. Yeah. Without the M. 265 votes on our survey so far, which is pretty heavy duty. Which group of people to store in neighborhood the fastest? African American seems to be leading the list with 101. That's pretty shocking. Isn't it? No. Redneck's 47-like trailer part. I don't want to put trailer trash on it. It wasn't bad. You know, that would have been like putting shfarts on it. So the African Americans is like respectable. You know, at least it sounds respectable. Redneck's 47 Puerto Ricans 25. Haitians 22. Orphodox Jews. Oh, oh, oh, oh. 19. Cubans 19. Jamaica and Zaytine. Jamaica and Zaytine. Yeah. They got the good stuff, man. Mexican 7. See, we finally got a few Mexican people in there. Just to make you happy. Since you continue to the loop and nobody put Chinese on there. Of course, I didn't put it on me. Of the Chinese people are wonderful. I don't know what kind of the loose area you must be doing in the bad drug this way. George couldn't find his regular supplier this week and he's, well, I want to apologize. Why do you say those things about the Chinese? Because of all these people. In a position you call the West. In addition to which the West coast is filled much with Koreans and right. If you can't even see it in the maze, right? Yeah. And all of these things. And now one is what it, wow, cheese. Mexican 7. Gays 5 and Nick Arraguans only too. See? And we'd have a very large Nick Arraguan population down here. Yeah. She'd humongous. In fact, we got the, uh, according to this thing we saved here. And it was a thousand and that was some time ago. And it threw a team all the plads probably like I have a million already. And this is a hard, a little bit like two weeks old. So they must be nice neighbors. So if any Nick Arraguans come knocking on New York, say, come on right in, okay? You know, they might be the ones responsible for bringing back the 79th street neighborhood. Told you I was driving by there the other day. Bringing back the 79th street neighborhood. Are you audio- Can you get a line? No, but just one by word. Remember the drive to and from work, especially 80 seconds free with all those old Florida houses. Yeah, where that was all dilapidated for like five blocks in a row. All new paint. All new. You're talking about east of this game Boulevard. East of this game on the mainland. Right. But east of all. Because when you say 79th street, it's a very, very, very, a negative, a very, very, very negative. Remember how scummy it was very like you'd like around the INS building. And like the, like, what is it now? The old, the pushy cat theater. Right. East ended the Playboard Club. All those houses in the few years. Yes. And the 8,000 club just north and we're from New York. And get the honey signing. I'll repaint it. Great. I'll repaint it. We love our Nautaroguan. Brown skin people. Let's be done. Hmm. Maybe that guy that came in yesterday from Atlantic City. So maybe he was Nicaraguan. Huh? I didn't ask him. Well, we liked him because I think his name is Tony. We liked him a lot because he wasn't the scott. This is 560, you A.L. I think it's God. I love Hank. I'm having a gay affair with Hank. You're home, you heard a snack well. Well, now, that's crack well. The new cookie with crack. Yeah, that's right. That's clear. The cookie of a bitch wants the fancy civil crack. No crack well. And then double height. And then she would make you hide on a mobile phone. And I'll make you lose a lot of weight. And people will know you eat in crack well. When they see that, skinny ass body. Come on, Mr. crack well. Cook a man. Get him out of the fool cookie. I'll pay for him. You son of a bitch. You crack well. Now, so, the sweet corners everywhere. It's 143 at 560. But, Jim, here's a almost incoherent facts. Obviously, there's one of our chronic facts. Uh huh. So, African American is too broad of a tour of a tour. I say blacks are the problem. There are too many different kinds of African American. Uh, France, British, uh, whatever. So, peace, love, and Mary Jane leave the poor pot heads alone. Homeless people blacks and crackers is what this person. Look at the, look at the, you're writing. Homeless people, blacks and crackers. Here's what it says with respect to your headache. You might want to check the ear conditioning filter. What the estate can also have a question is Hank Goldberg, Hansel. What do I say that did I just play there that time? That was funny. Chris, I would say Hank's probably almost as handsome as I am, but not quite. Huh? All those. Almost as handsome as the lovely Miguel, but not quite. A little bit younger. Probably a little hairier, not too much. See, I have to think about the Chinese people, whether smooth and hairless, you know, and the women too. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon World Parkless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, he's been pretty good. Yeah, I thought, George is right about that. So, the industry there, yeah. He's opening some nice restaurants around there and stuff like that. It's really good. They're doing better. I call that two comments. Why don't little Nikonagua? Yeah. Maybe we could bring back on our squeaks, so she could take. Nikonagua? No, no, no, no, no. Okay, I just, every time I think of those days, I just get goosebumps. But I want to say something like that, but I'm serious. Yeah. I think everybody's are nice. Oh, I'm very, very, very, very, very, very. Uh-huh. It's nice, I mean, could you have to clean up the client? Yeah, I, and August, when they all start coming outside and then a role must start swapping through the year. That's, that's what heavy to take, you know? And one way thing is, yeah. And then when they start role in their successes, you know? Yeah, but I mean, the neighborhood, at least you know, I should probably value the whole, that which is, uh, a huge problem. Yeah, that's the point, which group of people destroy and over the fact that some people aren't to understand there. Some of the people are just looking for an opportunity to express their, uh, discuss with some people in their bigotry. Well, look at that. They're like, you know, yeah. But, uh, as far as, uh, we can go, you know, look at those riots in Seattle, there were all those nice white people. Yeah, well, that's different. That's part of the country. Oh, basically, yeah. Yeah, I mean, you go, you have a country in the world, you've never seen such what these people like you do in the US. No, probably. No question about it. And you go like those, these Chinese buffet, and stuff like that, and that's the example of Americans who say, oh, these fat pigs are real, the faces and the front for second and third. Right. I, I feel like, uh, I come on crane when I go to the M.O. coast in the Chinese buffet, you know, because I'm on the skiniest people in there. And I'm a top of crap. Have a great time with those. Okay. I am. I'm a fat top of crap. I love those people. Oh, you're not so fat. Yeah, people have saw me 20 years ago when I was a gigantic top of crap. They say, oh, well, you're not so, yeah, well, compared to then, you know, big deal. You're half the man. No, if you're saying to fat boy, oh, you're not so far. We still a big gigantic top of crap. He's just not as big of a top of crap as he used to be. He's still limping around with his hip or a fallen on his ankles, you know, because he's like, uh, a gigantic top of crap. He'll lose enough weight so it doesn't hurt so bad anymore, and then he'll put it all back on. You think? Yes. And then he'll die. Well, you'll ride two, Mr. That is quick. I guarantee you'll be done soon. One of these days, when you're least expected, 5605, 5605, 5605, 5605, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. You are smoking today. I am smoking the good stuff. Maybe that's why my eyes are watering. Absolutely. Listen, I have the 4, I'm fortunate off to live out near where you are, and I also do go to stake in shake. And you're speaking about the dark colored employees there. But I wanted to ask you, you got to the publics out there at Sorgraps, too. You saw that with the bad boys. No. The guys that are checking out. I don't see any black bag boys with publics. That is speaking a different language. You got to be kidding me. That are speaking a different language. Absolutely. I always wanted to call you about that, but you're bringing the books a minute to that area. They must. They're black bag boys in my publics. Absolutely. Never saw one. Never saw one. But like I said, I want all of those to work because since you shop there, what language would they have? They're from another country, but the point is they bought them into that area. No, they must shut off them. They must shut off them all in the back when they see me coming in there. Because I never saw them. I'm in like 10 times a week in that publics. I practically live there. Absolutely. The bad ones and some of the guys that are stuck in. But if the same people are working now, when you pull up to the drive through, it's taken shaking. I don't even keep black people shopping in my publics. You mean to tell me that they're black people in my publics now? Well, employees and employees and employees. Yeah. They're not shopping. Not yet. But it's the same crew. Now they're better at shaking shake if you look at the bus stop. Yeah. But wait a minute. Let me say it again. Two weeks ago, which they can check as you know has been open at long. Right. Two weeks ago, I drove through there and it was all like white people in that say can shaking, putting the drive through. Now, every time you go through the drive through, the people working in the main part of the restaurant are all, because you can seem to the window when you drive up to that. And in the back there is a drive through. It's all dark folks. What is that all about? You're walking the front. They're making it up. They're doing it. They're walking the front. The manager is like, maybe the drive through dive. They're like, the people working in the back. They're all black. Well, why is that? The good workers. It's been worked out with sunlight. I thought it was a bus. And then they don't really matter. Oh, I think that's a tank out for that. Well, the thing is, you know, that they're usually, you've got to admit that they're clean, they're working hard to do that. I think they got to be order right. They were very polite. Yeah. Absolutely. I think these aren't just, as I said, they're broad and because that area is so popular. And they need, you know, that I'm just saying, I think that it's a different type of black folk working out there at Sorgraph. Yeah. Well, thank you. And also one more thing, the Orthodox Jews, take a look at what is that stolen load between, out near your mother's house in 95. Oh, yeah. The difference is they're not sitting out with a 40 in their hand. They're walking sweat and no answer off what their statistics in their face. Yeah, well, their statistics are hanging out. Absolutely. Okay. Yeah, they must save that for the backyard. Yeah. They're not a crate with the moody, freaking out of a bag. Well, you know, when you get to a certain age, you've got to be careful with the bag you're drinking out of. You know what I'm saying? Five, six, six. You know, one straw fits all. That's what they say in the condo. One straw fits all. It's in the bag, baby. It's floating in there. I guess I lost my appetite for my straw. I'm not going to ask for that for my chocolate malt now. That was a good way to do it. It looked like a chocolate malt. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, five, sixty on the 18. And Verizon line. But the good news is we're back to doing promo. So we just, yeah, I don't know what to deal. As I feel like I'm on drugs today, I must spend that omelet. I think somebody tickled in my omelet. I hope it was Miguel. Is he still in there? Yeah, he's in. He's in. How old was you sweetheart? He takes shelter. You could see in my omelet, ain't that? Yeah, it was amazing when I took him to when he came brought that thing to the house. He and Joe. That big deal. And again, thank you very much for that bench for the guys that made that. And took it in my bedroom. He says, got to can't believe how shiny that thing is. I said, yeah, but what about the bench? Here's a mobile and four waterdale. Hello. Well, how am I? And then I committed to my new school. I said, yes sir. Good job, George. Listen, I have a friend on episode Hollywood detective. He works at Beach Area. Yeah. And he has a place to pick a complaint down there on the beach. And he says, it's like men exposing themselves. So, you know, if there's any place for, you know, to pick up some action, I guess that's the place to go. He's either there or the shoe store. I want to know about that idea either. Okay, I think you're on a short show. And if you can find a shoe store near the beach, then you really got it looked. All right, you know. Okay, have a great day. Okay. I think we're all in coherent. I think now that we're going to give the Nobel Peace Prize to Fidel. I mean, what the hell is that all about? God. Five six. And you know something, I don't even get aggravated anymore. What's the point? The whole world is crazy anyway. So what's that? And I'll do you old toothless cube and I know some of you are listening. I know you could easily get all bent out of shape about it again. Just forget about it. Okay. Just consider it as part of the crazy world. That's all. I mean, if he was over there sucking the Pope's ass, so wouldn't that. I think the white lottery does got a great exposition. They come up this weekend in Channel 10. Yeah, I don't want to, you know, tip your awful one it is, but it has something to do with the Pope and Fidel. And eating ass. So that's all I'm going to tell you. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neo. Yes, sir. Are you doing man? Pretty good. Good show is usual. Of course. Hey, buddy, get a start with his topic about the dark folds. The yall of folks, the richtigt Gosh. The dark folks, the spicy brown folks, the yellow folks and the pink folks. The red folks and the red folks. haha Jews. I was on home and 99 jams, Calse. There was a survey. You know, on O el  IIgg  in Weehan Household r And the last question was, How come there aren't that many black people on TV? Really? That was the last question they asked me? Other than the Jefferson's and good times? No, so I said that you could be having a can of where you played cops in America's most wanted 24 hours a day. Yeah, there you go, that's good. And they hung up on me? Or you just have a sandwich and some reruns would be good? That was the last of it. Okay, me go. Alright buddy. Keep it straight. Have a good one. You too. Five six seven. Oh, I was going to ask him a question. Other than George, is there any, does he know any, his Hispanic people are exclusively head of a sexual? Have you a good pull for us to take one day next week? Will you forgive me for getting? I'll then George and Miguel. And I'm not too sure about Miguel. Five six seven. Oh, I gave me a look. Kiss me a look. There are some men in my family I can vouch for. I see I've heard the stories about when he goes out in the van. They're kind of like, forts with those of Fags. We got our audience. Have heard those stories. That's just what they give him money. Yeah. I think they have a word for that. Pastor Tuta. Five six seven. Oh, five six. Oh, so. Pastor Tuta. Five six seven. Oh, five six. Correct. Now you're getting close. Pound five six. On the 18th. And for us. Oh, why are we flying? There's folks that keep talking to English here. Okay. We don't want to alienate our good trailer park. Tramen are our white people. Which group of people to destroy neighborhood? The fastest African American's, on the 17th. Red next, 53. Jesus Christ, that's the whole Jerry Spinger audience. Oh, there. Orthodox use 28. I went to research. So reloading. Puerto Ricans 26. Haitians 25. Cubans 25. Jamaica is 20. Oh, my God. Mexican still stuck around seven. Gays five. Nicaragua is two. See that. Everybody likes us. Fags in the Nicaraguan. You want to kiss the ground when a Fags moving your neighbor. What I'll tell you that. Just don't peek in the window. Seriously, Fags. Look at well manners, huh? And even they just elected that Fag and Oakland Park. They're going to straighten things, huh? See, the right to the public start into catch on. When you have more dispensable income, I'll let's say we've rich urge. When you have more dispensable income, then you want to keep your property up real nice. Huh? Isn't that a big part of it? Must they? Don't have a whole bunch of pain in the S kids. They have to spend a clothing, feed, and send off the private school and college and stuff like that. Don't have all those expenses. And you have a whole bunch of covettes and things, things like you seriously. Right? Right. Pay for other people's cars? Sure. I like that. So maybe like this summer when that all stops. I mean, well, I know, see, I think what I'm going to do. I want to be fair about this. But like anybody else that I know I don't want to mention in instance, there's several on list, who have just kind of like latched on my paycheck. It's just when we reach is when my minus when I get to a certain minus point and at that point, I suspend all other payments. And I just, it's just necessary. You follow what I'm saying? And then if the market should come back, which you better hope like, hell, it does. Then we'll, you know, reconsider it. We'll be negotiating. For a minute, I'll tell you in the five 60, say, better. I'll suck up in the book, Emperor. It's all I can tell. This is five 60. Oh, yeah. Our lines are so big. If I'm not a say this, but you've got that rack. I know Frank, I've tried everything brushing, flossing, even industrial strength mouthwash. Here, try some all new glistering. Wow, my breast sounds better already. It sure does. That's because glistering is the musical mouthwash substitute that goes to work immediately by making a pleasant cleansing sound. Just open the top. Swish some glistering around and that festering germ breeding ground you call a mouth. And listen to glistering, patented audio, non-action go-to work. Sure sounds fresh. Do that. It doesn't smell that way. Oh, Bob. Bob. Bob. Which remind laughing in the other direction? Sorry. Glistering. Fluffy, artificial sounds of freshness to work on your bad breath today. Another fine product from the glistando corporation. And what a great segue in this facts here from Listering Tampa who says is one fact the one other I thought you might enjoy this. What's the difference between love, true love, and just playing showing off, spitting, swallowing, or gardening? Not bad. Speaking of that, I was thinking of myself, you know, this desperation to lose weight. You just have to stop eating. And when I was on at liquid protein, there were a diet many years ago, 26 years ago, I was working at WJ in my own most pumping, lost 100 pounds in a year. Some of it on acnes, some on stulman, but most of it on liquid protein. Oh, it's a good thing he walked out because I was thinking he was going to help you start to diet. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT. What's wrong with that? I just was just shake. Vitamin C is good for you, baby. When in doubt, shake it out. Oh, and speaking of that, here's another fact. This is there's no way the gauge should be on at least. Now, I put them on there just to prove a point. But it says the greatest way to get a neighborhood improved is to try and sell a few oms to some gay people. All of a sudden the homes are beautifully painted. Flowers and trees are plighted. They're pretty much great. The great things about gays is they have the best sense of decorating. Love to keep the gardens of the homes full of flowers and keep the neighborhood looking elegant. Like those beautiful pansies. They also don't mind moving into poor block areas, since the blacks eventually sell their homes to other gay couples. Is that true? Yes. Huh. So, are there the shfarks? Is there a fag star moving in the shfarks? Start moving out? Yeah, well, they get a good price for their home. Oh, actually, he also is going to give them a good price for their home. That's true. There's a reason for it. And also, off of this game Boulevard downtown, I'm going to start to improve the general appearance of the area. I'm not gay, but I could kiss these guys for the beauty that bring in the semeres that are dead. And look how he garbageed them before. And you got that? So give my big kiss. But just watch where you're sticking. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. I got a fact. If some of these depressed neighborhoods were smart, they would start advertising that they're gay, friendly. Where a fact, friendly neighborhood. Ah, we won't stone you beat you, burn you out of your house. Right. Do you mean like right around the Coral Bridge, because material insurance would be good. Huh? That could sure use some work. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, out of the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's like worth, hello. Here's how I'm in high allia. Here's high allia. Actually, I live in high allia. Okay. I got a new category for you. How about a Latin red nicks? Yeah. They're rock links. Hundering, Cubans, all the farmers that have come over here and just totally ruined my neighborhood. Uh-huh. So anyway, hey, I miss Pete Monterey line. Southwest sucks. I travel in the Southwest. The Southwest really suck. I never heard anybody say anything bad about Southwest before until this moment. Are you sure you have your phone number? No. To Calacol. They don't go anywhere. Yeah, the last one. A little problem too. And when you want to get somewhere from I here to LA, you've got a 14 stop. Yeah. 14 stops. But I travel in the Southwest and I go to Mississippi and obviously I go to Bulux, you for the casino. I was there yesterday. Actually, one day. I get out of the parking lot. They chew huge buffaloes of elderly people load up the bus. Oh, my gosh. My me beach. My me beach. My me. Say I'll say my me. No, yeah. I feel like asking, why don't you people vote for next time? The great grandparents are the people from sunrise are in the same Pete. Amazing. Absolutely amazing. Uh-huh. Well, they like the bus ride. That must be it. Yeah, but don't put it in our state, right? Okay, amigo. But I see in the Mississippi. I'm not going to Mississippi. No. 560. 560. Oh, and I forgot to read this promo anymore. And it's all over. Thank goodness. Okay. Sorry, clients. What are we at a couple of times? That's it. The price was right. Leave me alone. Here's the mobile and Jupiter. Hello. Yes, sir. The way you're running on a stop. You've got to do something different about it. Always vote for the slapses and cubins and everybody. You've got to put all of that in the category with the juice. Because what the juice was, they live in the neighborhood. They're all about 75, 80% of the rural. And then they turn them over. These other people. So they look like the bad guys. Huh? Yeah. You know, you're going to give the other people a break. It's the juice. The room. The blasts. They have the people on. Just look back. Okay. Thanks. Sure. By the way, say hi to your friend from the Finland. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. In my country, they have no need to go. Yeah, we're Jews are way to think. I'll sign up. You're finished. Say how to hockey, bird while you're at it. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. And Verizon. See, what this guy may have had a point by saying that Jews sell out through Shvarsis. And that's true. That's true because Jews tend to be very liberal. At least they used to. And then they sell the first day, let the first black family in. And all of a sudden, everybody else goes, oh, oh, oh. We're moving out. And then, of course, before you know it, everybody in the hood is black. That's why they call it the hood. And then you got some real problems because then it's payback time. We're going to show you what thing or two. And then if you really get this pissed off, we'll burn down our neighborhood. Here's Dallas, hello. Hey, how you doing? All right. Thanks. Think off of the internet. Oh, man. Couldn't live without it now. Good. But I worked for airline that has a couple of days on it. And that's probably. I mean, if you can just briefly tell me, what have your experience has been on American Airlines? Not good. Not for us. That's for us anything. The only good thing I'll say about American Airlines is if you happen to be taking a flight at the right time a day and you're in first class and they give it like a meal that the food is pretty good. Better than the other domestic carriers. Food is pretty damn good. But I'll be mad. I can't say anything good about American, especially down here in Miami because between the hand grenades and the drugs and the heroine, all the other stuff. It's a nightmare. And in addition to which the part of the airport in Miami International, that they fly out of, it's like the Bonnano, both part of the airport. Yeah, that's one of the things that I've lived in Miami, I'm out here now. I've looked at a lot of what the company does here. And the terminals that they're going to be building in Miami, it's actually going to be very beautiful. I think it's kind of changed a lot of people's opinions on Miami. It's going to be about $20 billion over budget. But a little bit of a nice thing. Well, you know, the mayor needs some, although I'm training. I've been there looking like they're going to build a stadium down there. Boy, oh boy, the construction people are just salivating. They're rubbing their hands and their glands together just waiting to get all the graph from that. Yeah, but you know, I would like to try to get to a, try to re-convite you, or maybe one of your types trips to Toronto. How often do you fly a fly first or business? How often do you fly first or business? I always fly first or business. I wouldn't fly coach again. I mean, when you got to at least I used to have the big bucks. When you have a few bucks, why would you want to fly like a sardine? Exactly. Not point that this. That's what I do. You like it. I'm going to go and hold on the line. I try to make you a proposition on the ship for one of your next trips to Toronto. Okay, great. Hang on. Thanks a lot. Okay, a line nine. They're taking that guy's in for there. Maybe I can give you a little free of you. Oh, there he is. You know, when I wound again, sure why not? Most of you would like to have it a bank right now. The money I've wasted on airlines the last 10 years. Take that guy's in for there online. Please. I think it's because it's 100 degrees below zero in here. That might have something to do with it. My allergies act on it's so guy then called the George put his jacket on. This is like a crazy place in here. My them champion light the sugar free refreshner in my glass. It's starting to turn into God. Then into a hockey rink. You know, and I should make sure this in case there's anybody from the organization. Since I know to least, it'll be a ton because they lost it to a girl's team in Tampa last night. Nice going guys. Nice going Marie Hilly. You suck. But since they are playing here tomorrow night and I will be at that game. That'll be the only one I'll be at the rest of the year. I should mention, I mean, don't expect anybody talking about hockey down here. And don't don't start confusing those black rats you saw back in that year. 100 years ago, I've been to a there's nobody down here interested that. You know, if it's a and then they'll go to the penguin game and they see a cell out. Oh, he's wrong. This is a great hockey time. Two cell outs in two years. Not too good. No. You can't complain about the knowledge of the interest down here because it is none existent. And I still think that the guy that we give the tickets to the other day. I think he was reading those names off a list of maybe the internet or got a roster somewhere. I believe that. He wouldn't though Darcy Tucker from mother Schmucker. I'm telling him. Hey, attention, Broward County. I'm not a lot of people who are not forwarders premier computer training facility. Fast train is expanded in the west. Broward is a grand opening of their newest location in. Press the just network pines. Now, three convenient locate. And by the way, should mention Todd Recky or major asshole. You know, take a take a look at this. No name, no date, no nothing. And don't come in here. You're using our scale anymore. We're going to start charging five bucks a pop. Todd Recky can't stand you. You're not fooling anybody. I don't know. I like hot little boy. This brings a great. No, you can hear it. When you're shooting me off, I just start talking about Miguel's ass. Jeff, comedy jam records brings the best of deaf comedy jam to video. It's six hours of undeciferable comedy on three video tapes. You'll get classic comedy like. So there's more. It comes out to me and says, what the fuck is that muff. I show them the muff. Door busts all over the muff. And I tell the business stop a muff. And I take the muff. I hold these shove it up a muff. And you'll also get the classic. Fuck my damn. It's show me the bill. I tell them like, fuck my. Jeff, tell me, jam a muff. We're any motherfucking video collection. Jeff, come to jam for NF. Isn't adjective. Tough 15 at five, six years of fact. This is easily stuck as over 15 starts charging. How's that possible? Everything else is growing in the tank. I'm not going to get back on that topic again. Okay, because what I could say about them, you people are gambling channel. You suck. You're a bunch of crazy people. And one day they're talking about, oh, the banks and the financials and the advertising and it's all great. And the next day, oh, it's going to be terrible. And business is down in there. Everybody's showing that you have a got to clue you. People on the gambling channel. There was in one person on there that's got any freaking idea what they're talking about. Not one. So if you want to watch it for like entertainment and a dog in a pony show, just keep that in mind. But not for like any guidance on what to do with your money. Please. We'll give you a remorse psychic investment hotline number before we start doing that. So I'm having my carbe solutions bar here. My only two carbe bar that's my lunch. Yeah, I think we're going to go on these. Because I've just got to stop eating. That's all I was to it. No more food, baby. No more. No more this year. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. New Rogers. Speaking. I want to tell you something. Go ahead and. There is very, very few people that I would wait on a full 25 minutes of talk to. Yeah. I'll tell you why. I'll tell you one time from the radio television industry on a major major level. I can relate to what you do in a take my head off to you. Yes, sir. And you should. And I want to know what. I'm glad you have your son down. Please. But I want to ask you a question. By the way, when I say every time, I now have a second career. Very unexpectedly, I started to have. I organized legally and organization. We've all been three years ago. And I'll mention any names as that necessary. Now it's not necessary. This organization with very, very concerned. As to what is being done to children and families in our community. And the main, what are the main corporate student number of them? And they all worked together once. They were like, God, call them all together and say, this is what you're going to have to do together. But they do it. And we are determined that we're going to see if we can put a stop to it. We have to stop to one. The terrible things that has been done to children and families. There is no level playing for you down here. It's a matter of fact, even throughout the state of Florida, there's no level playing for you. That is a courted to children and families. It's a story that the children don't count because they don't vote. Yeah. It's a disgrace. So what are you going to do for them, sir? What are you saying? Well, my organization, when we organize the nation, yes. What we do is we are going to come back this problem. We do it now. We have some very, very... By doing what sir, by doing what? Please, Zudmere, tell me. What we do is we bring it to the attention of the public. We go into the courts. We're active in the court system, that the nation system, and the health force to get an adoption. Also, five major areas. Yes, sir. And we address all those areas to help each other with the family. We're nonprofit, we're on the organization. Right. Now, what I'm telling you to do is... Why are you telling me that? You must be reading my mind. That was going to be my next court. But you're fair to get out of me because you're a smart man. Yes, sir. That's right. I'm going to tell you. That's what I'm talking to you. I want to know. Would you be interested? I can't tell you what he is. I won't tell you what he is. No. If I drop you a note, as to, in more details, what we do, because we need all the help that we can get from reliable people and our community. All I have doing what? What can I do for you? Bring to your attention to the public as to what is going on in this city's problem that exists. Now, I speak to the governor who is a medical friend of mine. Oh, what? What? He's an old friend of mine. Yeah, he's an ad, what? He's a tight ass. Tell me about it. Yeah. As well as the secretary of the Department of Chairman of Families. Who's you have appointed? And don't forget the Attorney General has even a bigger asshole. Well, I tell you. Watch the arrest for it. She's a penny going to tell you look at it. Yeah. I know all these evil vibration. You're supposed to have some noise. I don't even think. I don't think so. Now, these people, obviously, as you know, are well aware. So, politicians. Ah. And that's the bottom line. That's your son, Spinner. It's from on George. I don't know. I don't know what they will do. What they will do, but I say this. This game's people play sounds like the main. People, if you can, need to go to a hotel that's that our friend's manager. Allergies, kill me. Maybe you wouldn't go to the head. My nose, my eyes. Are you going up here? I'm going off here. You're going off here. This call was what did it come in going off here. I shame you see. Oh, by the way, once you get your one to make you real quick. Because my husband is very, very, very specific. When you're in the audience of the phone, I suggest that you're not my husband. That he tell the person waiting on the phone he has X amount of colors before him. Nope. Nope. Okay, what now? What day? Anybody have any idea what he just said? No, no. But he's very, very good. That was excellent. Thank you for the good talk up, sir. And good luck to you, whatever you're talking about. He said something about the governor. He's an answer. Yeah, we already knew that. Here's the fact that it says nothing runs a neighborhood in the city. Faster than one six year old orphan and his distant Miami relatives. Ha ha ha ha. How could you say that about alien Tito? What bells wrong with you, baby? And I sure hope I'm going to pray right now. Hail Mary Holy Mother of God, blessed our child amongst women in Busset or all those fruits. I'm praying right now that he's getting that happy meal. And that doesn't have no foot and mouth or hoof and mouth or mad Count of these. Yeah, I got a fact this morning from a guy from one of our lawyer friends is a regular chronic faction and a good guy. So he thinks that Jeff Remer's got a hoof and mouth and foot and mouth. I told him at the other day, didn't believe me. Oh, I forgot to mention about my stuff here from Rocky Raisin. Can I smudge much? Or Rocky Raisin or Rocky Ratcoon? There's a Rocky with some very nice Asian lady, which one's in on the White Sea in the middle. And Rocky Raisin was a school teacher at his town for 32 years. Used to be against him. I showed him to KT way back when. Great guy. Love by the students was a creative teacher. He got the kids interested in science in this and it was great. And now he's like all over the place. He's still a publicity man, but he's a great guy. Love you Rocky. Thanks for the good news. And glad you're doing well. Your friend, who was just on the phone. I can't bat. My veteran. He got one. Yeah. He wasn't done. He's done. He's done. Just like a crispy steak. Well done. Thanks a lot Rocky. And best of luck, you sir. You're a done sir. A quick for and I was okay. You old fart. How was he done? And I loved the way he starts the call by. He was to be very important. He was okay. Great. Where are we? Oh God. Used to be a zombie. Yeah. Right. Could smell the tojan coming to the phone there. God. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. Just like the boss. Can you tell by your place. He? Someone on his ass here. But they're right there. So unless one day they're blind they're okay. So they want to own here. Their guy like me regular Joe doesn't have a big buck toese then flying. They've got cheap Fights and a million of them. I understand you can fly from here to Tampa. It's only six stars. And here the on. Stop it when. But I'm going to stop if I think that's a. Hey stop her. But it's cheap. It's like a $169 gauge round trip to go to, you know, it or film. They have a pretty good credit card deal every time you spend the thousand bucks on their credit card You get a flight credit and every 16 flight credit you get a free flight Well, we're going to another guy talking about that it was awful and it's a cattle call Yeah, I get to get upset because they don't have like reserve seats That's what it is. It's like value change You should be also the advantage it used to be well. I don't sound too promising Well, not not in the fact that they're gonna rock, but just there's a lot of people on the plane No, I'm not in the fact that there were dishes that they have like a clown outfit on like you're like the fool fighters Not quite that they're pretty funny though actually the right the flight attendants are hilarious They're cracking jokes. Oh, that's great. That's I always love that when a flight attendants are laughing and you can And play and grab as you know and a plan to start like diving and shaking Listen, they're always on time. Uh-huh. They're I've never I've flown in probably 25 times and never been delayed or late They always are on time They don't have a first class Well, I love the way that the Congress they keep having these hearings and they keep threatening them and you have no You gotta serve the public and you will do it. Yeah, I'll hold in my breath. You know They they always talk a big game and make a lot of noise They don't do a goddamn thing then Aren't they the ones that want to deregulate everything anyway? They already did that's why we got the problems exactly They got themselves to blame California tower outages the problem. Right. That's right Hey, Gays moving into your neighborhood Yeah, nothing could be better. No, that's what I say I bought my house and and a gate couple bought the house across the street Some of them out earlier. We moved in. I looked at my wife. I said then they need to do some work on that house Within three months people were stopping on our street staring in our house Right, excuse me at their house. They should probably should have closed the blinds No, I mean they've just got houses beautiful It's only exactly what you said three trees flowers tea Right, oh yeah If you want to make a good real estate investment find out where the gate people are moving and you'll make big bucks There you go. That's why they put those real drive real road traction to go That's a very cool I will be buddy. Take care and you two So he says stop was pretty damn good It's only 14 stops from here to like a Sarasota that's not bad It's a little bumpy sometimes on the highway five six seven. We're those wheels five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I know I know that when you got a few bucks that right away you can be a little more cheesy Not flying in coach Not taking with you know the people say to me well, you know when you fight Amsterdam all these times you like how many stops there no stops Non stop So you stop in like permuda. Yeah, vermuda and the triangle we don't know stops I remember when I did that friggin scare a couple of times Would that Bob Lincoln in the front? Whatever that guy's name was that brith that silly ass brith who continued proving to be on the shadow about that brith or foolish myth See and it's interesting Because it turned out that the guy named House of Windsor the real name was battenberg and the people in Britain whose name is I got to be careful now. What is it? Oh, yeah a lot of people their name should be Schmidt Yeah, there's that German connection again because they're full of it Just silly ass brith Yeah, Virgin scare that's another one with Mike Myers, you know, we'll Austin powers up painted on the side of the plane Be very nervous about airlines that have too much comedy, you know Just like Bill Tory playing too much comedy would add you on girl the same thing brains are going soft His voices getting hard is that his heart is getting hard and So is this 26 after known at both sides after known at five 60 W to Q AM by the way Dwayne's son of the new coach understand he's an asshole too is what I'm here Makes Terry Murray look good that that's the room. I'm going to go around now. I think Denise pipe-in started I really probably want to jump Who our blokes up good morning? As I begin I want to overcharge American taxpayers my top priority is caused billion dollars of damage My plan reduces new businesses new jobs and new growth at a time when we need all three and on your behalf I am asking for two trillion dollars of debt over the next decade Future generation should pay back money that we borrowed We owe this to our children and grandchildren and now I hope you'll send a message in favor of death to your Conversman or your senator. Thank you for listening property to a five 60 W to come see the factors Just like I've told you they'd just like to call us and once you human them a little bit and read one light miss rabbi Hershberg hey rabbi Hershberg Cox a voice, okay and quit wasting my facts paper He was the one that worked the facts about the gaze movie in the neighborhood. There was okay Whatever, but now now all of a sudden because I read about on the year now is chronic here's another one Attempt to be a humorist Maybe what we this on the area, but listening your show for several years you keep George putting towards the offer is any ad George G. E. Ol for the G For his eating answer, et cetera, but after listening to his comments during your show We've come to the conclusion is very well-read and educated person He has a vast animal knowledge of many subject and as well aware of what's happening in this city if he travel to Europe He would be able to have a more well-rounded viewpoint of world matters Oh Hey, they don't stop the drone. I'm I'm what preventative Do you want to say why why is it always in the middle of this show? Why does this crap always have to go on like what under my ass right behind the door? Why do I know walls right during this show cut the crap you asshole? If he traveled to Europe, he would be able to have a more well-rounded viewpoint of world matters. Please give him a little more credit We love him. Thanks, signed George his father See I think George his father if he were around here you probably know how to spell his name He's an LA actually an Asian neighborhood very exactly. He's out there that see that's why you had that thing about those aliens Now I would agree with you this stored Los Angeles, but those are mostly Vietnamese And Koreans just Japanese that but they're not destroying the neighborhoods. Oh What happened on the phone here all of a sudden? I mean I'm having my allergies today, but maybe the audience is too Here's our last call mobile in Miami Beach, hello Danielle what's up? Yes, sir. Not much. Hey, I went to answer then last year buddy I had a great time that a lot of blow and banged a lot of horrors. We're more do you want a vacation honey? Uh-huh so check this out. I'm I'm visiting from Cleveland, okay? Uh-huh and I have blow around I'm sorry. What is it? Yeah, I'm visiting from Cleveland. I asked around the hotel You know work and I go and stuff so what can you go for what? Well just have a good time. Hello, of course. Blow and horrors. Yeah So well, I'm just have a good time and it said you got to do the happy are once and nights at the forge Happy hour at the forge. Yeah Yeah Good looking women. Good looking guys whatever year and you know what you're in too. Yeah Go there. So I went and And sure enough there was a lot of good looking women. We're looking guys. Yeah, so I start drinking I hooked up with this woman. We we had drinks Had dinner. Uh-huh. She's in Mark's almost my little guy with his whatever he was talking about. What is it? She's in marketing supposedly some magazine. I don't know ocean driver something like that She works for ocean drive magazine marketing. So so we we had some drinks and dinner and then she took me out to another place and Is there an end of this story? Sir is this gonna be as Excel like I said is good is that one that all guy was on for about half an hour What is the answer? I Was finally able to bang her by some like $800 or from now and I'm just gonna go to answer them You know for that kind of money. I could bang 16 hard. That's right. Okay. Well, I'll go ahead and go back to Cleveland. Okay. We can't stand you 560 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Yet there's something in this room now. All of a sudden because I came into small and feeling extraordinarily well looking Chipper and beautiful and now it's like got like a style in my eye and it's uh I had a turn at that one's about 20 below zero in here Celsius Huh? Well, you thought the cocks people were cheap Yeah, yeah, oh, that's right So that's a fact, you know that the sick building syndrome because we already know about the elevator and about the schmutz and about Those 75 cents here and plants they got out there and that make believe lobby So you can just imagine what it looks like an event in this joint the receptionist take bets on when people get into the elevator Yeah, whether it's gonna go up or down in and out and how fast Here's a mobile and coconut creek hello Yeah, I'm here. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm call about the The neighborhoods In the open the Jewish folks drove me out of the boca the auto ox people They said come through my neighborhood and on a sad it's all right My knowledge that look at me So when I did I wore a shot of my nuts. I ain't Oh, that's a good idea. Well, then I was gonna And then after that you go to the shoe store, yeah, I know I moved out like I went up and coconut creek And I went a little few amps of families. They were so nice Go from there and 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Now we got four hundred one votes on our survey which group of people to store and ever heard the fastest African American seemed to be running away with it. Of course. We do know they run fast 158 almost 40 percent Say you dark folks the store the hood fast real quick Redneck 68 trail apart trash That's a 617 percent or for about Jews oh 35 8.7 percent they're busy laying to fill in Haitians 35 time with the orthodox Jews Cubans 29 Reekens 27 Jamaicans amazingly 25 Mexicans 12 Gays only six and Nicaraguan six. So let's get a Gainic a rug went over there And you then you're safe Yeah, maybe all the Nicaragans you talking about on this came there maybe they're like all not a cornice Good bin. Yeah, it looks like families though We were driving through oh yeah, well, you know put on a good show 560 50 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T. I know a lot of people like that, you know Here's a mobile and sunrise hello Hey, you know how you doing pretty good listen From his experience I find that nobody can recognize but it's good if you're local molys Yeah, now they are just really bad, you know, and they don't give it to him at all They don't give it down about one I keep an enable clean You know there is white change to what the molys have forget it That's all I really want to say okay. I'll get the sawgrass more Sawgrass more yeah, that's what I said 560 50 50 50 560 on the AT&T and Verizon world was a pretty a crappy crown here all of a sudden Get real quiet had a dynamite week on this and I'll tell you that there's shows been smoking this week smoking Good stuff I'm finding this good thing it's Friday and so good thing I'm getting out of here in a few days to go on vacation very very soon That's why you better call today because pretty soon George will be on there with Joe Costello talking about eating white waterdales ass So if that offends you or anything like that then that's what goes Of course during those shows I want to keep you know keep one thing in mind break H you This is 560 Friday you Oh It's coming down with a van who up on same Great day for any hey you are child across the USA What did you go on or what is this I hear? I am Valley who as a bunch of squares again this year who says and I wish to Oh god, there's a sea of it unless this car is your game if you are you want to be marching upon same Package day you can be a bummer bucket of stuff and that's okay, but you can't be a you should Not the order of hyper onion both him and in this great have been limited pronouncements upon the blessed day short a little bit off In the sea What you're going straight to help a home of sexuality Oh god, there's a What's the game There's an open house a exit in the place you can be a car and I'm not the adorn god loves the anyway But you can't be a you should do dinner Oh He SBA And and F Lesbian Choose an other women part of it with From development and ever get a date with Help He SBA And and We say Oh The shame that the games want to come out and part with us No way But just as a partner of ours Each order of just space the coils like the Kennedy the babies and treat We don't allow no peace of mind the wedding of the green And when we say up the Irish boys that is what we mean Oh god, I love the Irish as long as we're in a bit Except The person we've never been short of them you can be seen in drugs and Ireland chunks will laugh it all away But you can't be a you should Okay No Oh Just be a We should be No Don't even try B and a You should You 45 High-guard mode Cardigan Everybody talk to him like this Oh five six seven Oh five sixy pound five sixy on the AT&T for rise and wearless life We got Jim Mad Dogman It's right coming along for Hank at two Guilty on game night at six from the hard rock cafe seven o'clock. It's pants at preview Panters against Mirio and y'all mary younger and the Marty Strucker. Well, he's a Marty Strucker Yeah, I talked to that McLean yesterday at home as a matter of fact I said I was Marty doing don't the dick around with Ray Witte the way you'd dicked around with Marty Strucker And anyway, it looks like a shell out tonight because Mary was in town not because anybody wants to see the panties Oh, we're doing so oh god and it he came after the hockey game tonight. That's he is gender Here's my any hello Oh Thanks for everything That was love Son of a You might just must come in and hear this more talking to me about the NCAA basketball what is that child thinking about God get a get a life get serious Here's a mobile in western hello. Hey, hey, yeah, but he good People easily when sunrise and boys it's like old people. I don't know if that's a class or not You know, they thought you know like a bunch of rude and we're trying to get you But they don't we're not talking about they don't destroy the neighborhood Well, that's a property that you're a little cry. Oh, they destroy your life, but that's another pool. Yeah Yeah, okay Great day sir. Oh, you do so I can zone old you as well destroy your life Your neighborhood though they take good care and they'll take good care of your stuff too And if you don't want them to that's right. Those definitely knows in it. They'll take your good care of your mail after they sort through it 567 05 60 pound 560 the more the enter there's already enter come to mind That's we're gonna be chicken that song and you wanted to our our my end to telebender. I'm a Yentah telebender. Remember that sure Whatever it all that means Let's not start when I've due talk okay. You said yesterday. We're gonna start panoring to the go ahead You're with it. Okay Here's a mobile in Del Rey Beach, hello Yes, I know I have a petrol mine. I have to be an old producer in old for any yours There's one scabel who Ryan's cable he used to work with you at WNWN Never heard of them Never heard of them. No, yeah, he used to work with you many years ago. Oh, we're saying again. I never heard of anybody about that name trust Oh, okay, I'll let you be by the way, no by the way, no, I heard I'm peacefully selling you station I figured I could die eight bucks Okay, see in the park this weekend trailer 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Wow, maybe that's why redneck is a number of second plates. Huh closing in Here's a mobile in high allele. Hello Oh, yes sir. How's it going? I just want to say that I love your show a long time listener and I just got a friend of mine hooked on your show and I'm dying for him. They're here the one about laddying the bad types They're done. There's the chance you could all play you're dying for it. Yeah, I'm dying for it man. I bet you he's dying for it Okay, glad you got it. Thank you. All about you asked to kill me. There's now. Okay. Okay. Okay. Go wash it off, please pesos Um Hey It looks like looks like Krishna killed us it's me back boy What's this right here? That is my ball pipe. What do you do with the blow pipe? You blow it, lads. You blow it. You put your mouth around it and your blow. Okay, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe? Can I? Sure, get it. Come on, lads. You got the foot. You're mouth around it. You're mouth around it. You're mouth around it. You're mouth around it. Come on, lads. You got the foot. You're mouth around it. No, don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I'd like to like this. Hey, that's a boy. Stick around the way down your throat. Let's get naked. Hey, lads. lads. lads. What's this over here? Let's meet Shanta. What's what do we do with her? What do you do with that, lads? You put your both hands on it. You cover the hole and your own hands up and down the shot real quick. Hey, hey. Hey, run your hands up and down there. No, what you want to do, lads? If you want to blow on the pipe, you want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shot real quick. Okay. We'll together all at the same time. Okay, here we go. Good, lads. Good lads. Sure. Hey, good lads. Keep more. No harder, lads. Adder. Please, lads. Please, mom. Let's run your hands up and down the shot. Quick, faster. Run your hands up and down the shot. Go, go, go, go. Come on. You can do it, you can do it. Come on, come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. You can do that again. After the kids should be better for me, baby. You know, that jerk too calls you go. I think the worst thing that needed was build up our hopes. I think you had the right asking price, but before we're all they were praying. We got our fingers and legs crossed, okay, pal. They're going to sell those players to like real broadcasting company. Or somebody even a close-fax, and they would be good. Or somebody who would like to be. Yeah, somebody who would like a spirit of ease, opposed to being just like in a sandbox. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, Neil. I was listening to the worst team this morning. And it's kind of peculiar. You just brought a stock up and never saying that when he was here, all he did was take stage, take never finish fading. Well, crap. That's a crap. Yeah, that's what they were saying. Oh, I got a crap. I guess they forgot the great year that we had when we went to the playoffs when it got him and raised ship. But at the same time, and he was a big factor when the empers haven't had big year that year. And go to the finals. These people in the morning, they wouldn't know. I'll go to the hockey puck if you stuck up yelding sands. I agree with you. Yeah, I was that little whining little fraggy. That's what it was. Right. So I mean, that clock. Well, he doesn't ask sucker anyway. And well, we got the basic elements. We got the core. Yeah, right. I got your core over here, guilty. You were a little ask sucker. And in closing, you know. I know, he's going to be lop with Mike Aruso's on the brewery. Yeah, he moved him where we're more left out. In closing, can you play that bit of John Rocker's about the Haitians? John Rocker. Yeah, that bit of the pitcher for the blade. Who the hell is that? Hello Mr. Rocker. How are you doing at Clearboy? Excuse me. First up, sir, we will do the Rochak test. What's the love when you roll your tongue like that? I'll get boyfriend, sir. Oh, excuse me there. Hi, hi, hi, hi. The Rochak test is in Bruts as they say in English. And I will show you these in Bruts. And you'll tell me the first thing that's poppin' to your mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Come on, come on. Okay. What do you think they see? Oh, man. Oh, and this? Let's go. Okay, and this one? In fact, did Haitian. All right. How about this? Bobby Valentine ride in the Balloni pony. Interesting. Well, let's move around, shall we? Let's try some word association. I say word and you tell me the first thing that pops into your mind. No, Mr. Aquinas, that's not it. Here we go. Dog. Gainus. Cat. Microwave. The color blue. Where? You don't, John. Why are we trying waiting at the moment before it? You were spotting. Jerk. Mr. Raka, I only wish to be a friend. Oh, oh, you got me on this couch, Doc. You, Mom? What? You five boys? John, I'm a nine man. Sure, yeah. What's your wife's name, Chuck? No, actually it's Gladys. Yeah, you're gladys today, and I hope that you're a family. Come out of here. Why are you running? That's running, John. John, are you a wild thing? Do you make my heart sing? John. You guys are talking a lot about our listeners. The accent kind of like comes and goes. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, comes and goes and the accent too. Or here the drill or a start and again down there. And that's a crank that drill up. Crank up that guy. They didn't think he got going. Sounds like he really liked into the middle of a dental office or like, uh, God, this is a crazy place. Right here in the middle of daytime, they got some guy doing a construction and drilling and sawing and hacking and tuking and banging and popping. Yeah, go out there to see who the hell it is. Some kind of a guy damn moron. It's probably Maddie Bell. He's probably drilling it. Oh, see not it. Maybe somebody's back there drilling screw in. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T. Bro, but heads, it's a wonder too hour. When it stops you make some change. And it's forever. Oh, right. He's so cheap and drive you in safe. And it's forever. When he's the checker man. He'll start to run. Oh, a pretty real, he'll start to run. Like a monster's mouth. Oh, he's just a mother. It's just a, it's just a, he'll show number. It's, he wants a juicy steak. He knows the drive is forever. Oh, when it's not the doctor, I need all that is free. Bring your panties forever, no, geez. But he's... When it's time to face the change. And he's forever. Make sure you're the highest in the game. And he's forever. You've been the fortune, Leper. This guy is wrong. Make sure that you're one of the best. That's your woman. Here's upside down. If you say that you can't stay, and just won't bother. But you'll see your friend all day. For our $60. Oh, let's see what his guy is gonna do. I'll refuse to eat. Bring your panties forever, no, geez. You're gonna eat. And I need all that. You're gonna eat. You're gonna eat the same thing. And you'll keep right there. We're getting some time. And I get back to go. We're getting these four men in our team. And so, you know my friend, my friend. You're my friend. So, you know what I mean? I don't know what you mean. Not that you have to stop. Not that you have to stop. Quit being such a suck-all. So anyway, you know, fat boy, remember the nice meeting we had with a client yesterday and here after the show? Very nice guy. Very nice guy. Great clients being been on for us for years. So, fat boy sends Miguel in here. And of course, I can see that it would send somebody else in here with it because he wouldn't bring in. Takes the same fact sheet that the guy handed me yesterday. And just retipes it, double space. Remember all the information that we talked about, and all the stuff that a real sales person would have taken notes and put all those things like copy points. So that I have something to talk about. Takes the exact same thing. Word for word and retipes it. So I give it to Miguel and I had to stick it up. Jeff, I've asked, okay. And a copy tool Miguel. Man, you fat piece of turd you. You lazy, lazy, no count, shiflous piece of slime. Do a little bit of work, okay. Do a little something. Cut. What a, no comment. No comment. It's almost there at the end. Here's Pomp and I'll be you, child. And you know, I think misery must love company because the people upstairs here, the glue hairs, they type new nuts. Yeah. They pound on the walls. They strike stuff across their tire floor. Oh, okay. Well, it's an omega, you have to go time. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Our poor, the day which group of people the store neighborhood is the fastest. 460 on votes already. And Africa and Americans are leading the way with 187. How do you like that? Over 40%. 40%. Say you darkies out there, you smokeies. You run the hood like fast as fast and you can say, Antio Mama. Redneck 76 trailer trash to come in second. So far. Orthodox use a distance. Oh, 41. 38. Cubans 33. Do you make ends. Believe it or not. Yeah. 30. Time with rickens with 30. Oh, you make ends got much better weed than the rickens. Huh? Mexican 13. Gays with 7. But just like Salat to understand, the good will be a knife. And the Nicaraguan 6. See, Nicaraguan's engaged. They're the ones you want moving in your hood immediately. Okay. No? Well, the gaze. What's wrong with Nicaraguan? Obviously there's not enough of them for the people to get the accurate picture. Although I think you just got your tongue in if they're, you know, you talk at a every side of your ass. Well, some other guy called you. That's exactly your father's and people. That was like totally unacceptable. The one in this world. Your name. I mean, yeah, what do you mean before you were talking about what a great job they don't know what those were? Yeah. Maybe I said maybe those. And they're not Nicaraguan. But everybody that I hear text about Nicaraguan. He'll tell you. I think he's a Nicaraguan. Yeah, he does. He said they're real friendly and they got a big ass. His roommates, Nicaraguan. And he said he's real friendly. He got a big ass. That's what he said. Back to him. Yeah, that's what's wrong with that. You're just jealous of Nicaraguan. Oh, five six seven or that means five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. So did you get that fact to fat boy? You say, why he's not there? On acceptable man, lazy, shipless fat piece of turf, Jeff high. He was a lazy, big fat, no count piece of turf at IOD. And he's a bigger, lazy, fat piece of turf, here at QAM. Were you about to say liar than you stopped. And liar and game player and slider up player. And whatever else you fill in the goddamn word. Fony, baloney, how's that deli coming, Jeff? That comes in your expense times. But a half an hour with us yesterday is super guy, a great client. And his guy, he'll flush it down the toilet. Just like just like Todd Dreckd. But at Coligan, they're count. You can smell our sales department destroying a good account. You can smell it right in the beginning. And this is one I've had on the year for like 100 years. But you'll see, he'll kill it. He's got the touch of death, fat boy. That's why screw in back there likes him so much. That's why he's still here. Shameless, shameless, shameless piece of turf to you. Like you're fooling an old fag like me by taking in just having somebody retipe the same piece of crap. Piece of copy, that's what we want. Copy at a fact sheet, fat boy. You slime ball, low life. And by the way, we'll see in high lia. You will. I won't. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Pretty good. Pretty good. I got a vote for one thing I've heard it for the Femal Hindi and neighborhood. We're not going to be drove on the turn by getting a free roof back there. It looks rough back there. I don't know. The Indians are right by mommy's house. They're on a sterling road. They seem to be okay. And you know, those cigarettes would be a whims and they're a little bit tough. But you could see all from the turn by all the color region. Really? Oh, it's bad. But we should probably shouldn't talk about that. But that went on because they've been victimized. No, I was just about to say that. The blacks in the Indians, two groups that have been, you know, picked on now they're getting even with the right man. Yeah, that's just gambling. That's there you go. Okay. Let you enjoy the neighborhood. And tell that guy out there to quit drilling on a goddamn wall. You idiot, you more hour doing a try to do a radio show in here. Or at least pretend to be doing one. And you're drilling a knocking and knocking and carrying out like some kind of a maniac. What kind of a not-house is this? What is this? The regular coffee, he does the same thing to do to keep him from the agency. So the next coffee points is the page. The coffee points, the regular coffee. Yeah, so where is it? Where is it? The fat boy. Where is it? Fat boy. Is that fat boy? Yeah. Where is it? Fat boy. Get with it. And by the way, I'm the guy, no messenger boy. Okay, he stayed away from the girl. He's not your lucky. He's not your house, and the girl, okay? 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. Where the hell is Moth? His Moth out to lunch is he out to another three hour lunch today, Moth? Oh, it's Friday. I mean, somebody's got to get a hold of this construction asshole here and tell him to cut the crap. Cut the crap, you idiot? Man. Just like why do you need danger for you? There we can't get no goddamn respect. Just like you're retra. 9 minutes after 1 at 560, WCM. Maybe like you said a couple of those roses to Jeff higher. Friendly sales guy, huh? Maybe put something in there like maybe La Bomba, Una Bomba. This is your boy on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf. They don't come any better than Neo Rocker. Michael fell down. It's gonna be good to play. And he made a member of the man's Michael fell down. It's up to falling in. And it made a mess of all his plans. Michael fell down. When you got up again, you made a real life ball to make Michael fell down. He burned the nail, but it was an iron stick and make. Michael was playing at the door. Who else better than change? So he can play basketball. He can play baseball. He can play baseball. He can play basketball. He can play basketball. He can kill the big get-in. But he was uncracked. Now the Peter people they that he was paid. Michael fell down. And he got a good play. And he made a mistake. And Michael fell down. It fell to falling in the game. And he made a mess of all his plans. Michael fell down. When he got up again. He made a P.M. And Michael fell down. And where do you pay a mess? If it was the driver's stake in the bank. What for? What does happen to my monitor? Are you doing that? Well, that bit was playing? I'm doing something to monitor. Wow, listen to that now. If the audience wonders what the hell is going on here, you're just as good as mine. We got a drill and go. We got some kind of a runaway mechanic into place. A hacksaw murderer in here. Alumatic. There he goes. That's a cranking up good sweetheart. When it down, drill it out. It's right under this room. Right directly below. If mad dog's listening, turn him out and go home. You'll be sorry. There's little drill walks over to a grandmother. A ranic and you show me a magic trick. No, dear, but I think your grandfather knows one. So the little drill walks over to grandpa and says, Grandpa, granny says, you know, some magic tricks. Could you show me one? Grandpa looks at her. It says, sure, honey, just hop on my lap. So the little drill jumps on his lap. He says, now can you feel a finger poking your butt? She says, yeah, I do. He says, well, look honey, no hands. That's got a cute. I'd go on Grandpa for no fart like you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's a call in Gainesville, hello. Hello, me. Yes. How are you? Okay. Uh, just a couple of things. One, I don't know if you've got any reports on this, but no. When NAPS did was going on, when NAPS did was in its glory, there were people who were putting bits of youth from the old TV show. Yeah. And I got a, I downloaded something of you and the bird. Yeah. You were talking, there was like the Godfather music playing in the background and you were talking like in a voice talking about Meyer Landstee and the Archbishop with the blonde here, the blonde hit, all her boys and stuff. Yeah. There was a thing from when you were on TV with Nila Knight talking about masturbation. So you were all over Napster. Yeah, I know that. That's why we couldn't saw a lot of CDs for a plant here. Because they were all downloading from Napster and making the burning copies and they'll see all that stuff. Yeah, I think you're that drilling. I'm 300 miles away. I think you're that drilling. Think in here, the drilling in Gainesville, how do you like that? That's how a lot of it is you jackass down there on a second floor. Where the hell you are between the Goddam beans. I don't think I was on the elevator and breaks a leg. You know, around here, if you get away from the campus and one direction and it's all redneck and one direction and it's all black and one direction and it's all yuppies. Yeah. I like the stainless steel. One thing, you know which way you want to go. And we have what's a sticking shake up here. The chocolate shakes there with the cherry and the whipped cream or the chocolate shake. That's where it's at the chocolate shake. And the triple steak. Now, let me actually, the people who are working to drive through when you're a steak and shake up there, they have any white people. Oh, I'm almost entirely. There you go. I'm going to Gainesville. You can stay in my plate now. Okay, pal. See what's going on. Okay. Get your JP ready. Time them up. And give them a shave as body. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. The drilling is stopped just for a week moment here. The positive refreshes. Oh, God, it's great. But are you can hear that? He's like revving it up again. He's going to break the chinging bits. Yeah, he's changing his bit. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. 23 year-long, last year, first time. Great. I've probably been listening to your signature. Poor. Uh-huh. Well, what goes your mind comes along. I'll give them close again. Thanks to Metchirish, I'm right on the verge again. You mentioned the book about all carnitine. Could you give me the title or a... I know, it's funny you mentioned that because I was looking all over the house for last night. I couldn't find the damn thing. I'll try to bring it down Monday if I can find it. I don't have got it. I'll be listening. And I started taking the al-carantine. I've never been. Now that you mentioned that, maybe that's what my numerology took. Because I took another one this morning and like I'm maybe a numerology took it. I don't know. I don't know that much about it. Yeah. Well, they got it called the other day didn't either. You definitely wrong about the Chinese. I'm wrong about the Chinese. I'm wrong about the Chinese. Yeah, Chinese restaurants don't have any garbage. Yeah. And there's a lot of significance to that. What does that mean? The way they treat their own people who they bring under subscription to the United States. Yeah. Is worse than anybody treats any dog. Really? No, it's incredible. They work for two or three years. I don't know the time for food and a mat. Food and a mat? Yes, the place is lying on the floor. It's not a nice name. Yeah. It's incredible. I had a six year experience in Key West. And I sold my house to them. And what they do is a first or just a couple. Uh-huh. And then very soon there's a 20. And the ones that are eligible for nice cities. Yeah. I like the Chinese. And Chinese are the ones that are under subscription. Yeah. What they under subscription? What they've described to a Chinese life magazine. There's a lot of things. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Good on you. Let me see. How do you like that? Don't call me. I call me another 23 years. Okay. I'll leave you the number of times to them. I'll still leave. And Cox, I'll voice. See, you ought to get together with that guy. You should be the trace to number. Get together with him. You can sit around and tell him that he Chinese stories. Okay. I'll all I can tell you. First of all, we don't have many Chinese people. I know here are the ones that the animal coasts which are very nice people. They don't have any slaves working there. They're not doing all of this crap this guy. They don't have any subscriptions, prescriptions. And then of course all Chinese people in Toronto, which there's Zeyans of man. They're wonderful people. They're very nice. Let must be all the Indonesians that they're talking about and all those things. I don't know what you're talking about. They're very, you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I'm all just made it up. Chinese people have culture, man. They got like in and they've got the right. And they've got morality. They've got values. They're educated. They're educated. They're like intelligent. They're not neurons. They don't destroy the neighborhood. They keep up their property. That's what I were talking about here today. Yeah. Right. What's it got to do with rhino balls? Because you're trying to put it different, sland on it. So if they don't have a small penis, what do you care? You're not in that anyway. Lately. Lately. So there you go. I don't need a no matter fact. Thank you for bringing that average down. I appreciate it. What? I want to thank all the Chinese people for bringing the average. And I thank them too because it makes me feel a lot better. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Papeno. Hello. There's a matter of fact after the charges, Michael, we chimies. Papeno. Hello. Why are they doing on this phone? Are they diddling on here? First. I think I do what you can do to the feature. This is good. We're not going to learn some about here. But. I think it's a good one. Have you read him? I must have. I was in the toilet. He's gone. Are you not on my nose? What is it? And he's not on his nose. Good for work. Yeah. Cat. Right on the end. Look. Yeah. And he's not on his hands. Take a look at it. Come on. What do you care? I haven't seen you guys. It's not good. It's just a little snock. Yeah. He thought it was gross, but it's not. I think it's good. I think it's good. It's good. Okay. Well, Zagg is going to have a happy whatever it's too late for a forum. There you go. That's what's going on in pop it. Are you just heard it? Here's a mobile inform underdale. Hello. Yes. How you doing Neil? Okay. I want to cast my vote for the Haitians as the single most devastating force that could possibly move into your neighborhood. Really? They have absolutely no social assimilitate. A selective skills every story they open up cater to only Haitian, Juan, Haitian desires. The average IQ in Haiti is approximately 472. The American Medical Association defines borderline mental retardation at 68. Just a little bit about that. It's just about borderline. That's what Madonna said. Yeah. They just devastated. Just take a look at Del Rey. I'm going to do something. I'm going to do something. Anywhere. Go ahead. Yeah. I'm just going to do a speech. Yeah. Del Rey and Boynt. Oh, I got a bunch of the old Jews up there. I'm pretty upset about it. Yeah. They're probably not too happy campers. But they just, when one moves in, one family moves in, they use that as a beach hat and they're like a pack of army ants. They just don't. They still don't. They still throw those diapers boxes out on the outside rock. They get over that. I'm going to come along. I've seen part on neighborhood and for waterdale you drive by. And you can tell it's an Asian house because there's like some burnt animal remains piled up with flowers and other plants. Oh, I've read about them. Yeah. Some of the voodoo or whatever they're trying. They bring the tribal collectivistic way of life over and transplant it into our society. Remember, they went 300 years without any kind of Eurocentric civilizing influence. So the friend, two-time overcher, you know, he beat the French army, the French soldier after the French took over from Spain and then France left. And they've had nothing but their Afro roots pretty much cooking there for 300 years. They've been cooking it. They've been cooking Afros, yeah. All right, cooking each. So when they cook each other with a necklace, you know, a necklace is a nice thing. Okay, well, I'll just agree. I think we, that's about as far as we can. I'll stop that for a bit. No, the pens. So that's what's on the far lawn. 560, 560, palm five 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. So I guess you don't like Haitians too much, right? No, and then at least, somebody said. 501 votes on a survey today. Boy, this is going over bigger than Halavon, God damn South Beach. What's group of people to join, neighborhood, the fastest Afro-Coon Americans, 23. They got this, they got this lift. Rednecks, white and a trailer park track, 77. Orthodox Jews, 44. Oh, Haitians, 43. Cubans, 38. Jamaica, 234. Recon 32. Mech, Mexico, 114. Nicaraguan's Vine. And way down there on the bottom. I shouldn't say that. Gaze, seven. They're on the bottom. Back to them, some of them. Like Ricky Martin. So there you go. Talk to all you mind about muddy corn, but boy, when we come into your hood, we clean it up. We make it like valuable. We make it beautiful, pristine. Just go look through the window. 26, after one at 560, WQM. Hey, here's something we can all agree on. Great smoke. Guess what I'll let up yesterday. Maybe I'm going to smoke until many cigars. Maybe that's what's acting my allergies up. I doubt that. I just said that to give my mother aggravated. No, seriously, if you love a great cigar, nicked down there in Miami, continues making some phenomenal smokes. I don't understand. I do understand a lot of plastic assholes out there. That's why some people spread a fortune because they like the big names. You know the names I'm talking about? I won't even do the fine by mentioning them. Were you fudge back? I got a good idea. I got a good idea. Oh, yeah. You know it hurts bad. Right here inside. You see, I really got to go. Oh, oh, I remember yourself, man. I don't know what I'm talking about. I don't know what I'm talking about. I don't know what I'm talking about. I don't know what I'm talking about. I don't know what I'm talking about. I don't know what I'm talking about. I've got to go pay. I was at at 5.60 W to Q AM. So anyway, if I go, I want the city to you. So you know that that's a bunch of crap. There's no way in the world. He would have sent the fact he'd up here alone. You know what I'm saying? That was his intent to stick that in here. And hopefully it would fly. You see what I mean? You see what I'm coming from on his do why? See where you're coming from? I mean, somebody else had done that. Maybe we would have bought it. No. You're never going to change fat boy. You're still the same game plan. Tava crap, baby. Still the same big Tava garbage. How's that deli coming? Man tells his wife he's going to go out to buy cigarettes. When it gets to the story, he finds out it's close. So the guy ends up going to the bar to use the vending machine. While there he has a few beers and begins talking to this beautiful girl. He has a few more beers. Next thing you know is he's in the girls apartment having quite a pleasurable time. Next thing knows it's sweet clock at a morning. Oh my god, my wife's got a kill me. He explained. Quick give me some talk and powder. She gets him. Somebody rubs it all over his hands. When he gets home, his wife is up waiting. She says she's furious. Where'd hell have you been? He says, well, the tentative truth. I went into a bar. How'd a few drinks? Let him with his blonde and I slept with her. Let me see your hands. She demands. He shows his wife his powdery hands. She says, damn Larry, you're boiling again. Well, I was there, you know. I'm not playing again. Here's your field. Here's your field. Here's your field. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, why are you today? Listen, you have a problem. I just went to my car ticket master to try to get some tickets for tonight's pants again? Yeah, it's all sold out. Yeah, I asked them if they had anything left. They said, yeah, we have some pants and pack tickets which I find very unusual. But that's all you want. I went across the street. I got a serious ticket master outlet right across street for I live. I grew over there. This woman sitting in the booth smoking a cigarette. This whole raggy old thing. She probably needed to game the sold out. So we got to big fight match and I tore it off off and I walked out. Yeah. That was it. Okay. Well, you got to let you know. Okay. I have a good time in the living room watching on TV. Thank you. Okay. 560.50560. Yeah. See. It's really a joke. It sold out because Mary was coming with you been selling out games in the renaissance of the league, which is why the league loves having them back. But it's still like a plan of band-aid that the Titanic, Gary. Gary Beben. Little band-aid on Titanic with all these ridiculous expansion teams and all this water down crap. And let me sit again. Don't get all excited about the factors of sell out there tonight. You can't complain about the hockey fans in this town because generally speaking with a few exceptions here in there. We don't have any. And I still think that kid read a stuff off a thing or a roster. 560560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Fort Lauderdale with a question mark. Hello. What the put my foot on. Yeah. There you go. Bad 40x sent mine. Bad, bad one. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. How you doing? Okay. I just wanted to just call the to make you aware if you're not already something you might be interested in. And what is that? Well, I was in my local special store last week. And what should I happen to bump into on the CD right put the new album from Aerospace? Right. Yeah. I didn't know if you were aware without or... Sure. Oh, you are. Okay. All right. I don't know if you have it or not. But it sounds a lot like if I had to compare to any of the previous albums. It sounds like a lot like to get a grip album. So I figured you might be interested in picking that up. Great. Yeah. So that's all I really want to watch you know. Okay. Thanks. I'm sorry. Yes sir. In my neighborhood we have no new growth. Okay. Okay. Okay. Congratulations. I didn't think congratulations did I? Oh, that was bad. That was just a slip of the tongue. Okay. A slip of the lip. Good thing we haven't heard from that finished guy today. He said it's quoted yesterday. In my country we have no new growth. Yeah. We know already. Congratulations. Here's a lady in four-laterdale. Hello. Hi. I just have a couple of comments for you. One is if you wouldn't have a little under a total of tary and just meant that yeah. You can have a great neighborhood. But that's why we have America and it's free. Because we do have to feed and to make moral choices that may be not considered moral by others. I have to put comments. Well, well, well, wait a minute. Well, go back to the beginning. What did you see in the beginning? Okay. Well, you were talking about how Chinese have morals and how they have their streets or queen, et cetera, et cetera. But you know, you could have that here. If you have the same type of governance. I mean, I'm not talking about the Chinese and China. I'm talking about the people who come here and have a very high ethic as far as having a good education and being hardworking and all of these. I'm not talking about China. I've never been to China. What do I want to go to China for? Well, yeah. I don't. I'm here you on that. I'm a country. So what I want it misunderstood is your constant digatory, which is very offensive. And I'm a very, I'm a very well. If I have constant digatory, the why do you listen to the program? Excuse me. If it's very offensive, the why you continue listening to the program if you think I'm a big issue. Honestly, because I'm an extravagant with listening to it. Uh-huh. So, you know, it's not like choice. I understand what you're saying. And just on that, you bring a great idea. You say, you said, constant digatory. That means you must listen to it all the time. Not from the 30 minutes I've listened to it. All you've done is talk about negroes, Haitians, et cetera, et cetera. Yeah. You know, yeah, no, no, no, no Chuck. That's not rude. This is what people talk about, man. This is like real work. People about media may be in the world that you live in in the little god damn ivory tower that you hang in. Nobody talked about it. We could see you come, though. We'll be talking to the rooms their neighborhood. No, no. Well, that comes forward. All right. Do you live in Liberty City? We're very safe. Do you live in overtime? No. Or pelaca? I'm from the New York, baby. Do you live in New York? Do you live in New York? I live in 20 third in between seconds. Oh really? How can we don't live like in the Bowery? I used to live in the Bowery. I actually saw it in the opposite city. Uh-huh. Why'd you get out of there? Because my boyfriend wanted to move to the east of it. I see. Well listen. I got a suggestion for you. Go back there. Bitch. I am an 11-year-old. Okay. 560, 5050, 5060 on the 18-2. In fact, maybe you can move in with Bubba. Yeah. He likes it there. Here's a lady mobile and cover. Rachel. What's up, my nigger? Yes, ma'am. Me on. I'm a proud black female. Number one fan. And I have to like that last bitch. How that humorless bitch from New York. Well, she and the thing is, I'm from New York. Also, she is a damn nigger herself. And so the damn one looked up that word in a dictionary because she's ignorant. Uh-huh. And my girl. Why don't you say that, nigger or ignorant? Well, I want to put a vote in for French Canadians. No, yeah. But they don't really live here. They're like hang out. I know. I've got to teach the hang out. And I also want to tell you that people talk about how Jamaicans are listening to you. I know one Chinese Jamaican named Klyve who is with the other. Yeah, sure. A Chinese Jamaican. Chinese Jamaican is named Klyve. He's also in cutlerage too. And he is a major fan. All right. He's probably got some really good crap. Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Have a great weekend. See you in the Bronx. Not a lot of Chinese and Jamaica for some reason. That's what I was trying to tell you. Well, there's a billion Chinese people. You're probably going to run into a hole. And then they travel in packs. 1.3 now. They travel in packs. Like when you go to Rome and you go to like a 212 to Rhea, they bring them in in bus loads because, you know, they're on tape or something. Whatever. No, it's got nothing to do with it. They're nice people. Let me ask you this. If you're on the goddamn restaurant in Rome, New York or wherever to help you roam Georgia, Athens, Georgia, wherever you're hanging out. And a bus load pulls up. Now, what would you rather have a 20 people heart on visiting? 22 is get off of that bus. Who would you rather have them be? Chinese people, Africa and Americans, Puerto Ricans with Swiss blades. Who would you rather have them be? Orthodox Jews. I like Chinese. Let's play it. Where do we have that? Do we have that somewhere? I think we do have that. Probably one of those mini disks. It's not in there. It's not? No. I want money, I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I don't want to do that. I think we're starting a little Asian. Why day you first, please? That's it for you, honey. I had a chip named pay. When day she threw away to teach you on a weather moon is good. Why is our right wing censorship? There are words in my sense. Who told you to how I feel. Why can't I say so? When she's detained, she won't allow. I'll see you in the tea you want to do. Oh, right. Now, if you see gay, tell her I'm a certain state. And the FCC opened me, seeing this. So on I wrote, you say, now if you see gay, take her hand. Tell me, say, that after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days old. If you see gay, you want to, that I'll see you with tea. Oh, why don't go on a go? But kind of keep with tea, you want to do. So you have to ask yourself, what kind of, assuming that the story was true, which I don't believe. What kind of a normal or even close normal if there's such a thing, person? We'll be getting a cab. And here's a radio show on the back. And be subjected to it allegedly for 30 minutes, which I can't imagine when she's going for 30 minutes in this place. And take the time to call up the talk show and express her displeasure. And like, we give a crap on what the hell she thinks? No, I don't think so. But fucking bitch. Exactly. I couldn't say better myself. She's giving me a song of that. And you want to know why, honey? Because you're one of those obnoxious New York imperialist knobbitches. That's what you are. I'm from New York. Well, great. That, in 50 cents, a buy about a half a cup of coffee. It's donuts. Okay. The package was visiting a sweet kind, 80 year old parishioner, while she was preparing tea. He noticed on top of a antique pump organ, a bowl of water inch, which floated the condom. When she returned, the his curiosity got the best of many asked, I wonder if you tell me about this point into the bowl. Well, yes, you replied, isn't it wonderful? I was walking down town last fall and I found this little package. The directions said, I put it on your organ, keep it wet and it would prevent disease. And you know, I haven't had a cold all winter. Nice going grandma. The can all be great. 560, 5050, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, those were two week cornstarchs. Yeah. I can't help you. And it can all be a four star. Hey, that girl she's never been north of a queer-roots driving cutlery rich, much less New York. The people, the worst people have living here you most of the time just come back. You know, whether they're white or black or Cuban, the people that leave their junk cars and stuff like that. No, that's most of the usually redneck to junk car crowns. Yeah, you're really here. I mean, I don't want to say it, but it's like the redneck white trash people. I mean, why don't you want to say it? I mean, I mean, I don't want you got to come along with me. You got to call a street. You got to call a street. You got to call a street. You're living here in me. Yeah. You know, so I don't know about that. But you know, really strongly redneck to people are disgusting. You know, tonight's my last game, Neil. Going tonight. I got my last game tickets here and hopefully by this time next year things will be a little bit. Tomorrow night's my last game. I will get the redneck by the way. You know, go in. What is it? Are you going tonight or you're not going to get out of town? Of course not. Well, do you have guests you should only go to see your team? That's right. Toronto may say, please, you know, that'll be it. Okay, have a great day, pal. All right, later. When they get new ownership in here, they want to make your commitment to the public and make it worthwhile going and I'll go back. Otherwise, to them, okay. Here's Fort Waterdale. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Long time, Mr. infrequent caller. Okay. Getting hammered here from green beer. Let me talk to you. Can I have a cup of condoms? Yes, you can. As matter five. And Brian Craig says hello. Like I said, no chance. Isn't that sad? Isn't that pathetic? Do you know who that is, Brian Craig? Yeah, I know that. I think he was calling him a rotting for a long time. There apparently got tired. I thought he had sounded like a rotting. Who was calling him a rotting? Yeah, saying gay things. Over and over again. Oh, really? Off the area. Uh-huh. Involving Brian Craig. Oh, really? Yeah. And now he's there with him or is he just making it? Well, not only he was the whole turn. I see. That's my theory. Well, you know, if you have enough of those green beers, you forget about all those other things. You know, why would you be obsessed with somebody? They weren't. Yeah, you forget about norm. And you know, then you start thinking about your wife and your adopted black children. I'll all these things. Monkey C, monkey do. I was talking to somebody about that the other day about, you know, people who would just like little sucklings, little underlings. To Mr. Ego's always going to have a piece of mind with my bunch of those people, you know. If he takes a crap and it's like diarrhea, they got to go have instant diarrhea too. It's good thing we don't have anybody in this building like that. Right. Good point. So what's the morning one on us? It's 11 before two at five six, you're W to Q a. And that's very sad. All you gambling nerds in here, very tragic, you know. Hank in the 80 K wannabes. Gamble in a way, they're harder and money. Well, like I said, I wouldn't have been on Hake. No, I wasn't either. I was saying wannabes. wannabes. And who are you talking about? All that wannabes. Well, I see. Now we understand just a vendetta. Break H. Yeah, that's why. That's a whole other story. Don't worry, then saw us. 10 till 2 at 560 W Q a. We got Jim Mad Dog Mandage. Yeah, I'll be along for Hankin' two. And then the Hakey stuff. You know the Hakey stuff by now. Cause you're so, you dirty moat. What a sin she's like a sin. I thought she'd will. I was shocked and just said, when it was cabbages. Maybe Steve would kill my thugs. With my 10, now I was caught. Holy total post, we show remote control. And cabbages, the moat. I can't even have death. She'll leave you just, say it's not gold. I like hate the death. Charlie the death. He had to go. I can't wait for the lull to be for anyone. Indeed he do next time. I don't confuse otherwise. It's the rules, make it my life, lose the rules. 155 at 5.60 WQAM. Greg Poked is heading to door there a couple of minutes ago. And we said, get lost. One day, what is this? Well, this is at the beginning of this, it's screwed up. One day at home, the wife is home alone. And the doorbell rings. She opens it to the guy. And he says, hi, it's Tony home. This is very, probably written whoever sent me from the night of their lines. I appreciate it. But this week, hi, it's Tony home, the wife replies, no, he went to the store, but he can wait here if you want. So they sit down and after a while of silence, if the friends says, you know, Sarah, you have the greatest threats I've ever seen. I give you a hundred bucks just to see one. Sarah thinks about it for a second and figure is what? They're all 100 bucks. She opens your robe and chose one to him for a few seconds. He thinks he throws a hundred bucks on the table. They sit there a while longer than the guy says, that was so amazing. I've got to see both of them together together. I'll give you another hundred bucks if I can see both of them together. Sarah amazed by the offer since things about it for a second and says, how why not? She opens a robe and gives Chris a nice long chance to cop a look. A while later, Tony gets back home from the store. The wife goes up to him and says, you know, your friend Chris came over. Tony says, well, did he drop off the 200 bucks he owes me? Not bad. Not great. Not bad. Go to about three and a half. 5605050, pound 560 on the AT&T, mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, a couple of them. A little further north now. I'd like to show a don't get down to Miami much, but I enjoyed the topic today and I wanted to share something with you. You guys are totally or about a black, Canadian, screaming victimization all the time. And I've got a case that I didn't say that. I did not say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say screaming victimization. I said, now they're getting even. Well, I'm thinking that someone, that's what I say. I'm victim one night. No, that's what I say. All Indians. Anyway, I don't enjoy this shot. That is more. I'm looking for it. That is what I said. Go back to central Florida, go away. We don't want you here. How do you like that? See, there's nothing more than putting the words in my mouth. I've had many things in my mouth, but words that I didn't utter. That ain't one of them, you know? Somebody wants that utter in their mouth. Here's a mobile somewhere. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Um.