Roger Chilter talked to me. Please, please, please. Please, please, please. Please, please, please. 877-75. The total free click hit with express by Neil Roger. It's just a total of just not worth what those of the recently broadcasts were. If staff advertising for ratings is now, the Neil Roger show on 560-8F. Yeah, that off this incident, welcome to another revision of this site lifeless fortnight. Jace Dan nasal mist is our guest today. Yo, Jrejo, what do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball? I don't know what I've been told with a big, a big, leg-it-woman, I got no phone. Let's you take on over and under and under, over of the underwear. I don't know what I've been told, but a big, leg-it-woman, I got no no. And what you take on those rumors flying around that year, are take you lit enough to replace Michael Jordan on those NCIs, but they say you're getting close to signing that contract. I don't know what I've been told with a big, leg-it-woman, I got no phone. Tell us more about your charitable work. For under-progulage children, help into them, crew. Their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock. I don't know what I've been told, but a big, leg-it-woman, I got no phone. He will be back with more insight, lifeless fort holes. Hello to at 5.60WQ. I'm welcome to whatever this is, you're on a Tuesday. Well, what a day yesterday. Yesterday was like a dark, rotesque black Monday. The stock market, I'm driving to the track last night, and I'm going east on sunrise Boulevard, and I see a little dog, you know, a few little dog cross in the street, bouncing across in the middle of traffic. And so I slam on a break to make sure that if it gets anywhere near me, I'm not going to hit it. And the guy in front of me, I'll have to assume he didn't see it. I'll just give him a bit of a die. You know what I'm saying? But he sure has helped it. Did he stop? No, I mean, he just smeared this poor little dog. Just to turn it in the instant road kill. I sort of surrounded to make sure I didn't go over it again, but I think it was a little bit too late. You know what I'm saying? And the full moon, the old cockamoon is out there. Just to one of those things, then come in this morning and find out that our program director is a little girl. Oh my god. I always knew that, but I mean, like a little girl. Come on, butch up a little bit, tough. How did you find out about it? But see, you can't keep me in the dark forever, no matter what it is, it always gets back to me. Because everybody in this building is a professional in the enter. And all filters right back to... Oh god! That's right. And it's not that much of a big deal about the back of the channel 10 is programming our radio station. That's okay. Maybe we should ask them what's the run for the summer. Yeah, or maybe we could just ask them to sell some spots. Because obviously our sales department ain't doing it. When do you think that we'd have more important things to be worried about and people like Brian and sales are that more important things to be concerned about. Didn't worry about channel 10 as upset because we ran a promo. I thought about the one I said something about the white-loaded-bale eating ass. Or whatever it was. They're big on eating ass on channel 10. That's all I can tell you. They're the only station in the history of the... The only TV station in the market that's everyone a piece on their newscast where they were talking about eating ass. Am I correct about that? Yes, I think so. I'm so... They correct. So what's wrong with that? They should start having billboards. They'll kick it out a lot of attention. They ought to be commended. They're worrying about the fact that we were running promos. And other day parts of talking about channel 10, eating ass with the white-loaded-bale. Or whatever it was. And so our little group program director pulled a promos off here. We don't care about that. I'm not going to make a big issue out of that. Who cares? Do we care? No. First not. Put your little bit in there and sweet out. Who cares? How do you find out Greggy found out? How do you found out Greggy found out? I was... Like I said, I mean, there's no spots on the log. We've got to go ahead and depression going on. Our sales manager, that bitch he's running around telling the sales people that are sure we have no avails here in the show. Hey, listen. No sweat off our ass. We get paid. Those people enjoy this show. We got good news for you. No commercials anymore on this program. There you go. That's what you've been hoping for. Sure. Who don't want all those pain in the ass interruptions anyway? God. So we're got facts. Nothing yesterday. And we're like it a lot of the stuff on the faxes. And the thing with the stock market, I know. I know not too many people want to hear about it. It's very depressing. But I just mentioned this in passing. Especially since I called my close best personal friend, mature yesterday. And I hope he's listening right now. Here at some of the show yesterday, I'm glad. I'm glad he would be ripping him in ass because I do it every day and he deserves it. So somebody faxes me this thing and that's from the Wall Street Journal. Raymond James was the top picker of stocks in the fourth quarter. And it's got a chart here, a 15 brokerage houses. And it says brokerage houses stock picking prowess and it lists them in order of who did the best over the past the last quarter of last year. This is ending December 31st 2000 and over the last one year and five years. Raymond James is the best. Guess who is by far by far the worst over the last quarter over the last year. And last five years first union securities. That sounds like my good close friend. I'm going to close right much higher. Yeah. Last quarter down 33.7 percent one year down 38.3 percent five year performance 27.4. The average the S&T index in the last five years is up up on 32 percent. And you look at Raymond James in those five years. They made 170 to 6.3 percent for their clients. And they made about 34 percent. Goldman Sachs, 175 percent. Morgan Stanley, Dean with a hundred and eight percent on and on the coast. The next was a Solomon Smith Barney, only 62.1 percent. But first union securities, 27.4 percent over five years. That's what. That's black. That's cracky. Is what that is. So thanks again, remember. For who can be up with. Oh my god. Oh, and then I got to tell the rumors to about the psychic. This will show you just how to say I'm not embarrassed. I mean, there are a lot of you were stupid. I'm stupid too. That's why they love the show because we can all be stupid together. That's why it works out. I'm a more. I'm a chemistry money. I know nothing. I make all bad decisions. And I take. I take. I get hyped into what this first union securities in matured by a guy who listens to advice from a psychic. He and his wife are that after knowing them all these years. I find out yesterday they get on the phone and they talk to the psychics. And where was wife Ferrell says to me, oh, Jeff was on the phone. And he was on the sofa crying. He was in tears because the psychic really knew his stuff. He was telling stuff about his his father was been dead for years. That nobody could possibly know him. You mean it wasn't clear. And you know something. And I'm thinking of myself. I'm sitting on my couch and I'm in tears. And I didn't even talk to the psychic. Because now I realize that I've been taking financial advice from crazy people. My good close personal friends who are nice people. But a little bit crazy. And this psychic told her that the next ex going to go down to 1700. And then it's going to work. Everything's going to start going back up again. And I'm going to say yeah. See, I wish they would have told me about the psychic first. Because I think he'd have been a lot better for me than matured. Yeah. First union securities. I'm dealing with a bottom feeder here. I'm on the bottom of the barrel there. Their best stock pick of the last year was Qualcomm. May 15.4 percent. Everybody else has got 40 percent. 48 percent stocks that want to 50 percent. Yada Yada. And every line across this is from the Wall Street Journal. This isn't some propaganda that somebody made up there. It's trying to pedal me something. How do you like that? The absolute positive worst. Five year performance. Twenty seven point four percent. You can do that in money market funds just about. Five percent of your time. Five sounds like twenty five percent to me. Right? And money market. No risk. None. No risk. No headaches. No diarrhea. No homeroids. No crazy phone calls. No. No. I think it's a smooth talker. And a good to be. You know, snake roll sales. No. People are looking for results. People are looking for answers. People are looking for guidance. People are looking to be held by the hand. But somebody knows what they're talking about. Not just to be sold snake oil. And some Arab chic on the story on the Arab chic was with the zero ax thing. He didn't buy a trillion shares. He bought one share and made a trillion copies on the zero ax machines. No, I just made that up. In fact, I would have been good because if he would have made that many copies would have helped that zero ax stock go up. So he didn't do it. Yeah. But the psychic said, Get it. It's going to be our new song. Now instead of the gypsy cried by Luke Christie, the psychic said, I can just do a book of Brian. Do it already. Yeah. Yeah. Richard the psychic said, Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can hear now. Can you hear us already? Bye. Yeah. Oh my god. I'm surrounded by crazy people. And more and more, I feel like you know, like sitting in the corner of the moon. Move it like that. Just like that. Move it. Yeah. Wow. So let's just keep it a secret. Don't let Neil find out whatever's going on internally here. Because then he'll go on the right of the big mouth and back up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up. I like that. And channel 10s upset because they're eating ass or whatever. Go out and sell some spots on your salespeople and as far as the program directors concerned, just keep a lid on it. Okay. Quit being a little girl. We got enough little girls on the year already. We got last blast. I'm going to the track first. I see the dog. I killed her on sunrise Boulevard then. Even a worse, a worse disaster. I'm hearing at the tree. Oh, we got a six o'clock. We had clearance, still gots and Mark Eisenberg on there. Wow. Bad high school radio. What is the deal with still gots? Has he got naked pictures? I think he's got naked pictures of Hank and Duff. Now seriously, what is that all about? What is the big tennis with the man? He's a guy. He's a guy. He's like a guy. He's like a leader. But the people along on the year. Yeah. He talks sports. But the voice, the sound. He's like gruesome sound. He's like Igor. You know what I just, oh. He's got that sound. I like it. That's my favorite part about it. Oh. Anyway, so I haven't had to attend at 5.60 WCM. It's going to be a great thing to them. Lucy's. I made a great comeback at Poppino Park last night. Didn't want to. Oh, there's our little girl program director. But me the check. I always like that stuff. You know what? He's the best. He is my favorite little girl. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thanks, Mary. I mean the duck. Just relax. Okay. Who cares if channel tennis program? That's less work for you in the your assistant. Okay. Let them program the station. He's laughing. He's picking out a big rag. He's picking out a big. Look at this. Here's my talent check came into the unexpected. Okay. I can leave now. Oh yeah. Now I only did about another 40 or 50 of these. Just like that. And I make up that money that my good friend of first union securities is losing my ass. By the way, thank you. Perfusely whoever sent me this thing from all three journalists yesterday. I, you know, we're sitting here. I never really looked at it that closely. 15 firms on there. And I've course him with the worst one in the universe. The one that's performing so poorly that it's an embarrassment. It's humiliating. Yeah, we're almost to found. Forget about the fact that mature. She's his neighbor. Must have found him through that psychic is what I'm going to. Yeah, that's probably what it was. God. And the way this log is today. It's a good thing this bonus check came in because I mean this talent check because Oh boy, things are going to start getting. It's going to start getting really strange around here. You think it was strange before. Now that we're in a goddamn full blown depression and the world is coming to win. And I'm going to do it and bush point it off to a good start with this administration. The Navy with a submarine and not a little accident over there in Kuwait. Oops, La Bamba. Oh, sorry. We're killing all people again. I wasn't a target. And then of course the, you know, the markets wanted boot boots. Boots and you got in there and I like we're in a free fall. And they're going to sit right here. Yeah, like that. I like that. I like that. Hey, listen, there's no sense in getting all worked up and it was sweat about it. I mean, I'm, what what can you do? You know, just be philosophical. Make sure it needs my business, you know. He needs somebody talking about him on your likes to publicity. He's a publicity. He's a publicity house. That's our poor question. Would you rather be a publicity house or a brownie house? Yeah. 10, 16 at 5, 60, WCM. How did that pull come out yesterday? Before we get to that. Thanks to our friends at Planned Parenthood for this very nice award. The Maggie Media Award. Kind of like though, isn't it? Procreate. Huh? Now seriously, when you think it'd be like a little, like a paperweight. Planned Parenthood and recognition of your courage and excellence in covering reproductive rights, health, care, and political issues, the awardures the Maggie Media Award March 2001. Oh, thanks. So how was lunch? It was kind of like the award, kind of light. Yes. Very light. Kind of like some of the people in the organization. Light. But still. That was very nice. In retrospect, I'm sure it was better than being the old ladies were Oofling the gallon. We're looking to get a little longer. We're looking at the little little. They're looking at changing it, looking at. Fondling it. Jones and for it. I can relate. So anyway, now he's all right. He's a nice kid. So I can tell you. Head him in my bedroom. Anyway, so here's that pool from yesterday. He wants he was in my bedroom. Very well. I've had him in my car. Oh, how was it? Thousands and 70 votes yesterday. This is the kind of stuff that gets the bloodborder with these usually a very, very liturgy people out there. This is the kind of pool they like. They're on it. Although, you know, a lot of these probably were bogus because it just seems like an awful lot of hosts to me for a week. They pull 173 and they're still pouring in there. But not necessarily because when you listen to the choices, you'll know this is the kind of fodder that they can sink their teeth into here in South Florida. It's that. Yeah. So you and before I give it to the results of the poll, let me say this to you. Because we've done this before awarded differently. And also we did it by ethnic background. And there's a big difference here because a lot of the people all of these so-called people who are interested in this who will voted for the leading choice here. What disturbs them most about life in South Florida. A lot of them really aren't saying what the choice is. It's not just that they are disturbed by people who won't speak English. They don't like Hispanics. They hate them like poison. So you see that's when they find out that a lot of Hispanics are and humans also voted for the same thing, which we've broken that down, then it's like they don't know what to do. They kind of like, oh, I don't know what to do. Which of these disturbs you the most about South Florida? People who can't it won't speak English out of a thousand and 73, 413 38.4% winning an alliance line. People are no speaking English, baby. Old people, 25. Oh, 19.1%. That's what I voted for. Old people. Nasty, disgusting, miserable, rotten, tojam, cheese-infested, old people. Blue hairs, gray hairs, white hairs. The last few days, I'm telling you, I've been passing people. I do mean passing them with some desperate to get around them on the road who are definitely dead. There was a guy in sunrise over the weekend. This guy had to be 200 years old and easy. And he was moving maybe 3 miles an hour, but luckily in the white handling. I scored a pop stand away. Stand the grass will be good. Stand the wicked weeds. And then yesterday I'm getting off the turnpike on the 595 ramp there. And there's a guy that's got everybody backed up. I mean, he's going to go maybe 15 miles an hour. So I don't think the slow down when you make an big curve there. I understand, but slowing down like you in a school zone, like maybe 10, 15 miles an hour, maybe just a little bit took conservative driving for most of us. And as I get around him, I take a look in this guy's got like a, a lot of those big, wide rimmed hats on. Had to be at least 300 years old. Look like the fuse was brother and law. I mean, I'm glad that we have so many people who live, you know, the longevity rate is. Of course, you've got to understand what they came here most of the more 90 anyway. So it kind of skews upward. Some glad for them. But get them off the road. Get those assholes off the road. Anyway, or people at 206, the driver is 180. And there's certainly is an overlap between those two categories. Like some people said, crappy schools only 161 or 14.9%. Or that bothers them the most. And climb, now we don't care about that. Under 14 only 10.6% are most disturbed about the crime here in South Florida. Now what he give me, it looked like that for. I just thought that would have been much higher. I certainly care more about the crime in the old people. It's the last one on the list. I realize we have a list of five choices. It was way in the rear. Way in the early back. I'm back side of the list. Not even close. 10.6%. As compared to the nearly 40% of people are psychotic over the. People who can't or won't speak English. So people would rather be mugged than here a foreign language. And if they're going to be mugged, they want to be mugged in English. Please. Okay. Yeah. Let's mug him in English. Look at these phones this morning. Like I said, pick a good choice. Not being yesterday. The phone was all screwed up. I had some serious technical problems. Poor beast. Be scot a good lunch though. That's all he cared about. He got fed nice lunch by a bread over Tony's. 5.670560. Here's our poor for today. Since we're doing South Florida stuff. We had to do a poll on which is the worst. We're going to have to do a poll on the. This is just the next. My soccer. I mean, it's nothing to know that you're stupid. And that you're losing your ass. At least on paper or whatever. And they're not getting any guidance. And you're just getting a lot of double. And the same old stuff. You can put on a cassette recording. But then you look at the results here. You know, people don't want the slogan to cliches in double. They want results, baby. Am I getting results? Or I'm getting results. All right. I'm taking it right up the old echo. Wait. My name. Here's our survey today. Which of the areas in South Florida is the most plastic? And please put the word plastic and cap of letters on there. Plastic. Plastic. Not spastic. Plastic. Now I got three choices on air. I'm sure you can help me out with this. Call Springs. South Beach or coconut grove. I know another one. Core Gables. Okay. We can't have bucks and boats and anything. A lot of very plastic people there. If you don't understand the question, I need to explain it to you. Then bug off. Okay. Don't don't mess with our little with our pool. If you don't understand plastic. Now that's kind of a tough fight to me. It's a tough choice between the first two. Core Springs in South Beach. Which of these areas in South Florida is the most plastic? Core Springs. South Beach. Coconut grove or core Gables. Am I leaving anything out? I'm thinking. Yeah. Like Western or any places like that. Western? Yeah. Western smoothie. But because you can't do anything there. You can't smoke. You can't scratch your ass. You can't. You know. Can't do anything. And for a guy. You don't have a lot of water in there. Because if a guy came back like a little rural in Western New York. So they have an ordinance for that. So keep him out of Western. But not because you think about all the other. The 8500 other municipalities we have. Like plantation where I live is certainly not plastic. Like I don't know. Kind of like non-descript. Sunrise is not plastic. It's old. We got a lot of those. Tamaracks are side. Old. How about Boca? Santa and all that much about Boca. It's very plastic. I haven't been in the North Out Florida. That's a lot of the South Florida. Yeah. South Florida is like Palm Beach State. Well, they're certainly. But when you need to draw your dial and your last time I checked Boca is in South Florida. Yeah. If you're going to put Boca. Yeah. You need to put was Palm Beach. No. No. Palm Beach. What? What? What? What? What? West Palm Beach isn't plastic. West Palm is like old people and rednets and chargers. There's no. But Palm Beach. No. But I'm not putting Palm Beach on there. Because Palm Beach actually has like a lot of very wealthy people. There may be assholes like you know. The Kennedy isn't as the lot or no people. But when I'm not talking. There's a difference. Plastic. Don't you understand that difference begins between filthy rich. We don't get to run away with it. Filthy rich and plastic is a big difference there. Palm Beach is filthy rich. Snob's yes. But plastic. No. You wouldn't say the Kennedy's are plastic. You'd say that they're spastic. That they're uh, growtescany responsible. And uh, lot of murderers and whatever else. And rapist. But nevertheless, you would end drugs. But you wouldn't say that they're plastic with all. No. Because they're a great American family. The Kennedy's. Yeah. Palm Beach. It's not not on the list here. So here's the final. At least I think it's a finalist. That's here. Five good places there. Cross brings sound beach. Coconut Grove. Crowe Gables and mocha. Yeah. Pretty good list there. Fiasc me. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. They've been there for a long time. Don't want to speak. Okay. Give you your chance. Mobile in Miami. Hello. I'm sorry. I don't know if you saw a 15 minutes for that. I'm sorry on these broken houses. And most of them are also investment tankers. Yeah. That's why they're pushing mostly stock. Because they have a vested interest in them. Yeah. I saw that. I don't know that. None of them will say, sir on the stock. So little code word is hold. When you hear one of them say, hold on the stock. You better run. Get your ass and sell it. Yeah. Because if they say, hold. That means that's not going down the tooth. Look at the plus one dot com. Same thing happened with that. They never said sell on it. Yeah. They only said hold. And they will know how it really got it. And they'll pick up the bus too. Hold hold hold. Okay. Thanks. Good news. Anybody know what he said? No. No. He said there are a bunch of crypto things. What he said? He said that. Five six seven. Five six. What are you going to do about that job, Paivi. Junior. Wildlife. Little boy. Blue. We're turning over. Jeff. He. He. We're turning over. Jeff. He. He. He. He. He. He. the teacher turning over to F.A.D. is the picture. That's $1.99 at 5.60. We're bombing our own people over there in Kuwait. We're doing a hell of a job. Nice going there, Bushman. Yeah. Somebody get out a diaphragm and show where to hold a tent. So the guys actually come into our room with a steak and shake food. So let me forget I got to bring in those penguins to get to that parking pass. For this guy who's one of our listeners who just die in for those panther penguins to get to a Friday night. So he's bringing the steak and shake from me and George tomorrow. Here's a mobile and plantation hello. Anya, hi. Hello. Okay, sir. I'm not one of these people who are offended by bilingualism, but yesterday a very troublesome thing happened. Yeah. Mom went to pick up her prescriptions. You've 82 years old. Oh, I see. All the information on it don't take with water or whatever it is on Spanish labels. My mother's been using this drug this for years and years and years. Where it comes up with this I have no idea. Well, what part of what part of town is this? Have repinced. Oh, well. Forget about that. And not even really, it's not even a very lot of area. Sure. Does it have a repinced? Yeah. It's becoming. It's becoming. Yeah. But I mean, that's it's terrifying. If she wasn't smart enough to like say, well, well, why would they do that? What do you excuse to do? They said we made a mistake with sorry. But I mean, it's just terrifying. It just doesn't make any sense. They said we'll say we think that first option. Uh-huh. That's really stuff. That can't happen. Not in America. But if you're that again, we don't live in America. There you go. Thanks for the good news. Take two in call this in the morning. Honey like that. Losciano. We'll never happen again. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. See, actually, we could talk about this every day for the next three years. Anyway, sure. People don't want to speak English. Everybody's whipped up to a friend. He's going to change. Oh, it's can we do anything about? No, but they just, uh, very angry about that. They're just offended by that. They're psychotic about it. They don't care about crappy school. They certainly don't care about crime. They're just pissed off that you won't speak it. I got them English. And they don't want to pick it up on it. Don't you get it? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Good morning. Here's the story. Now, I used to live in Miami and, you know, the crime I used to be much higher. So, every people were reflecting on the fact that crime rates not what it used to be. But I had an interesting experience this morning. I thought I would relate to. You always spend a night or two down here a week now. Thank God. But anyway, I'm in, I'm in Burger King having a handbag and cheese for sandwich. And these three, fours, as you would say. Yes. Come in behind me and they have official looking uniforms on. What's not sure exactly what, what branch of the government they were with. But this one big guy asks, when do you start serving woppers? He said, and she says, the seller led me behind the counter says it 10 o'clock. He says, well, that's 45 minutes. I'll just wait 45 minutes for his woppers. He's on the bill. Yeah. Pop door. And nine 15 is going to wait 45 minutes for a woppers. Yeah. Well, let me ask you this. Why, why are you concerned about that? In other words, what, uh, I'm missing something here. Just seems to me like number one, the heck of a waste of time. Well, what, what is this function? What did he do? What did it say on the jack? It didn't, I mean, his uniform was, uh, the attitude had like American flags on, uh, well, how do you know they were working? How do you know, it was like doing working hours? Well, there's, there's there uniforms were fairly crisp. Yeah. So they had starch and then they were, they were, so what does that mean? Maybe, maybe they still working like 11 o'clock in the morning. Ah, how do you, you even know what they do? Maybe so. It just, well, we said they're working. I just did the same like a hell of a waste of time to make it like this call, right? Can you believe that? And I mean, this, this definitely is the most boring place on the face of the earth. I mean, that, that's really stretching it. That this guy is so lifeless that he's worried he, he's taking note of the fact that they're going to wait. If they want to wait two hours for a goddamn woppers, that's their business. And it, maybe they're sitting in there, they're infestigating. Maybe they're like under cover. Maybe they're in nox. Maybe they're the meat police who don't know, maybe they're looking for a foot in mouth, a man cow, who knows what they're doing. Get a life in stopping a yenta, okay? He's in the right place. Jesus Christ, I mean, man, if I go in a burger king, God forbid because the meat there's like rubber, but if I did, I'm not going to be sitting there worrying about what they'll, everybody else is doing, timing how wrong you're sitting and waiting. What is wrong with some of you people out there? We said the fact that you live here. And this guy's talking about he only is here a couple of days. Thank God. Thank the Lord, how aluya. Thank the Lord for the night time. We don't have to do one more break to sargas. We can like, we don't need to do any breaks. Let's just skip them. They're all trade outs anyway. And then the water not to get threatened because it was puppies by the way. So the fact that she's got her puppy, huh? That was a true story. I would have to verify. Oh, don't tell me, oh, don't tell him. How do you find out? How Greg is the story? It's a deep mouth out. Seriously, I've never worked in such a juvenile place in all my life. These people are like a bunch of kindergarten kids here. Who kids in a sandbox with a pale and shovel? Oh, Greg, it's a fight. It's a fight. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. First union securities. I go and Mitch, right there. Wait, not just an abandonment list, but wait down at a bottom. I mean, not like even an ball game, not in the ball game. Better, better call out psychic back where we're getting some new names, okay? I think you watched that a bad connection. I wonder, you know, one of these interiors on the sofa. You want to know why he's interiors on the sofa? Ask chiefs. He'll tell you. Here's a mobile and pepper pines, hello. Yeah, sir. It's David, how are you? Okay, David. Hey, I just want to let you know. I got a notice in the mail. They're renaming a number of pines, highly a north. Yeah. You're moving up, Neil. Yeah. It's a crazy place. Nobody speaks English here anymore. Yeah. It used to be a great place. I don't know. No, pepper pines was never a great place. I lived in pepper pines. With a great place. It was okay. Yeah, it was a very village, right? Hi, yeah. A lot of old people. They've lived with both cemetery village. Lots, lots more old people. A lot of speed traps. A lot of weight are there on tapped and high heaters. I'd get that a lot of there if I were you. I am. Now we have a language barrier. Okay. Good luck. You see there. You go language barrier. No, say I'll be in English. I keep. They love this. They can, they can relate to it. That's their whole life is circulated to around it. And you ought to be glad. You ought to be thankful for those people that were once picking this. Because otherwise, what, what, just like the guy, this guy ought to be ecstatic. The Burger King guy. That those as far as we're sitting waiting 45 minutes for a water. What else were they be talking about? What else, what else would he have for a life? That gave him a whole life there. The fact that three shfartes, who obviously, obviously, are on the government door or whatever he said or a door pineapple, whatever they're on, are sitting on it, they were waiting 45 minutes for their water. Oh, that's my paperweight. That's my plan to turn to a paperweight. Next, I'm good sound of I like that. I'm going to go down to power 96 and start banging on the walls down there with it. Just to get even with those bastards. Mobile in marathon. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you? Happy 25. Thanks. I want to give you the most plastic town in South Florida there is. Yes sir. It's your world of luck. Okay. Hillsboro Beach. It's one mile. Listen, they got more more than Hillsboro Beach. Really? If you have the world color color going down A1A, you get stopped in question. Really? It's an absolute unbelievable full of no But how many people live in the Hillsboro? About 800. Yeah. At plus the, they get snow birds and some of the high rises. And there are lost wannabes. Yeah. But I think it deserves your consideration. Okay. Well, put it into committee. Thank you. Yes sir. I'm going to get a lot of it. I would put it on the list. No. I'm 1800 people. It's just not enough people there. And do you know anything about Hillsboro Beach? Nobody knows from home. No. I mean, there are a lot of people keep calling about adventurer. No. We didn't say old. We said plastic. Not old. I know they're plastic people in adventurer. But when I think of adventurer, I think of, oh, I think of the adventurer mall with all the respect. Oh, gee, Brian and sales got up. So we probably got some clients in there. Like our friends didn't know balance which we love. But I mean, you know, they can't help it. Boy, ourselves department get a real nervous to you. They like that. I think I can understand. Well, we got no spots and our sales manager that crazy bitch. She's running around to them. Oh, there's no way. Oh, yeah. Okay. Whatever you say, honey, she's busy with. Roll. And anybody rhymes with. Roll. Yeah. She likes the sound of that. She likes the big sound. That's sucking sound. And I guess they do too. Yeah, this is quite a place. You know, I see you notice the different. I feel different. I mean, just like the thing with a stocks. I mean, yesterday I called up my church. He was upset. I was upset. He's pissed off. I'm ripping him on. He deserves it. He's clueless. He's, you know, he's a business guy. He's trying to make a living. Okay. He's trying to make a living. He's killing me. So he's trying to make a living. So what's the point? You know, I'll just find somebody else. I'll switch it over and that's it. I gave this guy a year. Yeah, it's only three months. It's only six months. So we're here in my life. I understand that. Bad timing. Okay. But I'm looking at these statistics here. And they prove to me beyond a shed of a pile of all by a pot. That you're crap. Your results are just not not what I'd be looking for. So thanks again, remember, stick to the hockey like I said. You asked you to eat some questions. Maybe he's got the answers. Here's a mobile on Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil, good morning. I'm great. How are you, sir? Well, I'm pretty good. That other guy, one of your colors stole my thunder. But yeah, and what time is extremely well. Right. That's what I tried to tell that first call. It's nobody's speaking. Was there any more rubber finds? You go anywhere publics out there and those are Spanish and bilingual signage and some of the guys don't speak English. Yeah. Like why does that bother people? Why? I don't know. I really don't bother me at all. Yeah. I speak Spanish. But I mean, you know, it only bothers me if I go like to my me international airport and I go to the thing that they want me to look at my bag. You know, I have to go through the metal detector. And they start speaking to me in Spanish first. I do, I'm destroyed by that. That's the only case I encounter with. But I've been mad. I don't really pay any attention. In addition to which I live in Broward, I don't live in Pembroke, and I don't frequent places where they don't speak the meaning. And if they did that, I would just go someplace else if I was destroyed by it. And then at the other guy, I had called about the guys that were ordering a wiper. Yeah. What is problem? No life. No life. He thought about that from yesterday. Yeah. So I like that. Thank God he only comes here twice a week. I have no life. That was what he's trying to say. I have no life. Okay. Good luck to that. Have a great day. Hey, all you great. Hey, all you great guys. Yeah, I like in Toronto, on young street. There's, uh, I don't, I don't know if they have those anymore up there. They, I don't, I hope they do. The Italian sausage. They have the little stands in there. I can't be able to streetcar on the young street downtown. There are vendors out there with their grills and a whole deal. Silent Italian sausage and Polish sausage and whatever. So on their weanies. And there's one which was always my favorite. And they happen to be, they're not Cuban. They're like some Hispanic. I don't know where they're from. I think Argentina. And they speak English, broken English and they're a very nice family and they cook up your sausage or whatever. And I'll, you know, I'll move to Squasi as whatever. They'll speak like English and Spanish. It's fine. Doesn't bother me. Huh? I mean, if there were Chinese families picking in Chinese, I certainly would have some difficulty. You know, if they were like a Dutch family, speaking in Dutch, I'd say I'll still believe, Poet scenes do really end good by, because I know what you're talking about, you know. But it seems to me that just, a lot of people down here want to make a big sentence about this, and they do thrive on it. They just, they live for it. In fact, that's probably a good idea since we have so much spirit time and it's so boring here. That should be a new year's resolution, even though it's already March, is learn some four languages like Swahili anything. And then just go and speak it everywhere. Just to piss everybody off. Worst like a charm. More than in Miami, hello. Oh yeah, no, I'm not sure. Are you doing? I'm doing well. Yeah, I wanted to also put in for Adventurer as a plastic place. No. You know why, you know why? I just, I live there for a couple of years. And I found it to be there's more speed traps there than any other city in how Florida might have. But there's speed traps in Pembroke lakes, but that doesn't make it a plastic place. I mean old Jews is what I haven't chosen all about. Old Jews. Yeah, you know, that's true, too. Isn't it? Yeah, absolutely. Well, how could old Jews be plastic? Well, you know, I think that anybody can be plastic, I think. But I mean, just more more more, more features per square inch there than any other city I think. Yeah. But also, I wanted to like, you know, you know, I went, I worked in Spain for quite a bit of time. And when I went over there, I hardly spoken to Spanish, but when I was working there, I had a supervisor that followed me around and said to me, you know, speak Spanish only, I'll bless you. I'll filament. They'll only the whole time. And, you know, here you just don't, you don't find anyone pushing anyone to speak English. So, I'm not totally on the panel. Yeah, yeah. So, I just want to get your comment on that. And, and I think that they're also building a little tunnel towards Cuba. I'm fascinated. I'm delighted by the fact that there's so many people upset over, you know, hearing some of the language. I find it amusing. I do. I find it very amusing. All right. Well, take care and, you know, good luck for this. I have a great PayPal. I mean, if they look good, I don't care what language is speak with or the why care. Oh, no, see your life. And that's true. Like the bag boys in my public, they all speak English. But if they spoke Spanish, they were speaking like a Greek. What's all the why care? If they look good in their friendly A, you know, just like my friend Joshua, but it's they can shake. See now, there you go again. Why did that guy have to, you know, open up a mouth like that. I mean, glad he's going to bring us the lunch tomorrow. Why have you got to like see these things? You know, make the kid all paranoid and nervous. Put them on the defensive, put them on guard. I'm sorry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I don't cool inside anyway. I just drove through the drive through. I take a peak like in. And like I said, the other day, like, I like, I turn hot to another one where it takes a long time because they cook each one fresh and go. So, of course, there's nobody looks good at your hot that I've ever seen. But, uh, stay can shake and you sit there and it takes a little extra time. You look at inside and maybe there's somebody in there like looking at you know, staring at what you're watching the meat cook watching that meat heat up, you know. It's wrong with that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60. In fact, all you people with those fast food joints that's a little tip for you. Put your good looking people if you have any out there by the drive through window front load. Absolutely front loaded, you know, scored scored. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Good morning, now. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. And I got from my bird case. I'm like, you had to wait behind him for 45 minutes. What does he care? I have no idea. This guy has got to be, uh, he's going to be probably only here two days a week. The other five days he's out searching for a life. Yeah, hopefully when he ate there he gets to eat coal life. Anyway, there you go. I'm not prejudiced. I'm married to a Latin girl. Yeah. I was blocked in American, pure American, whatever you want to call it. Mary to a Latin girl lover of the married 13 years. The only thing that irritates me is that now they're starting to do all packaging, you know, side American, the other side Latin. I mean, if they're going to bend for one country, white, while they put it on like to pop the bottom and crunch and Chinese and you know what I mean? No. I mean, why do they have to come down? I mean, you know, the most of it has a picture on it anyway. So you should be able to tell what's in it. Like I just saw a package of life bulbs. Well, I'll tell you one thing, you know, I have the apartment in Amsterdam. I'm there 15 weeks a year. And I have a supermarket about two blocks away, blocking a half. And it's a little bit difficult because none of the, uh, almost none of the items in there have anything in English on it. It's all written and done. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. If you hang right because it's a Dutch is their language. So I know most people speaking, least the stuff it is all written up in Dutch. So if you buy something, you know exactly sure what it is, maybe you'll take it back to the department and surprise it's, you know, you thought you were buying like a ground steak in a turn that is kind of mud. Yeah, that's, I'm playing it. Like, uh, okay, don't, my mother lost. He's been here for 35 years. But you know, something when I go into a supermarket, they would answer to them. I know. Oh, I got how come it's not here. It's just, it's not only it's not something that affects my life. It's not something I waste any energy getting aggravated about. It's a little bit confusing. But you start learning a little bit. You'll look at like you said the picture. What's the big deal, huh? Okay. Here's happy 20. This should be our biggest problem. And thank you so much. Well, I got some good news for you. Some great news. The travel channel of all channels. Oh, yeah. Oh, you've already discovered each week. They've got America's greatest water parks. Uh-huh. Beach week. And then they've got the bathing suit thing. Would you really like this? Yeah. The travel channel. What is that on the, uh, do we know on a set? What it is on the cable on not on the side. Well, I have to ditto around as Judge Wattner. But yeah, uh, give it a power. I was channel surfing because I once in a while, the travel channel I have like a real travel show, which I'll enjoy watching if there's anything about an interesting place. And uh, last week or so I've been discovering. They either one channel. Let's pick up all what we've been talking about for years. Put some good looking. They could people on there and they will come and we'll point it on. Do. Huh? There's nothing on right now during the day. They say all that for the like the evening. Oh, evening and we can. Yeah. When horny people are home right. Great. I guess we better do a break here. We don't have a lot of business. We have a lot of spots. Most of the spots will hear today are tradeouts, by the way, for some of our fine friends who are supplies with like free food and meals and services in the account. This is 560, 2 a.m. He has no penis. Oh, welcome. I like the songs and the songs in string. I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that by farways if you like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me what I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that shows me where I like the songs that show me where I like the songs that show me where I like no pressure, no money. But that's okay because I got that talent checking my pocket. I'm expecting it. Just out of nowhere. Thanks, please, raise it a best over there. We love these people. Don't wait. I'm waiting for you. Okay. They're just a creepy. And of course, Greg is a full of crap. And he's, you know. And the one thing they, it's like, like I said, it's like kindergarten. So they want to make him a good little boy and he's got to come up with the money here. And they're not going to like rob Peter to pay Paul. He's got to do his own thing here, you know. QAIM has to pay for itself and John Henry and Wayne Hyping and all these things. And of course, the big cash, Kyle, not that we got to bring all the money in here is the crow. Oh yeah, now that we got the show back. We're just around a quarter from great financial success. 75 votes at a poll so far, which of these areas of South Florida is the most plastic, which Eric has got in a bull and underlined in the center of the city. Plastic. Understand plastic. Oh, come on. 75 votes, South Beast 32, Boko 28. That's a tough contest. That's the independent tough nose to nose down the stretch they come. Here they are. Hit them again, Brad. A cool table six cross brings five. Cokin' a go for four. I mean, we could put Avenue on it. But what's the point? Is that what you're gonna know? No. Haven't you heard his old Jews old Jews with money, you know, but not plastic. Not plastic. Maybe that was his plastic on the door frame. South Beach and Boko. That's the battle. I guess what you'd expect wouldn't be. Although you're the one that put Boko and how do I forget about that? Cross brings it in nearly as well as I thought it would. Only five. Cross brings, has too many other things going for you. Like gangs, punks, punks, wild punks, look from the streets. The fascist principle over to a teravila high. All of these things. Here's at least once upon a time. Maybe the current principle out of the hell of this. You have to qualify that because then we'll get another phone call. Oh, they're upset a teravila high and then Greg will be right around. How did they find out we had to call? Greg. How can you go through it seriously? How can you go through life being such a pussy? Seriously? He's a good guy. I like him a lot. Everybody do. They sit there and sit there and then he'll be like, you know, he's such a wimpy guy. He's so wimpy. You know, just if he'd go one little pot anymore, we'll be such a good start, you know. That's why that way you have to write that out. That's great. George is a genius. We just came up with a new name for a program director. Muff. Yeah. Oh, where's my paper right? Yeah. Get off your muff. This instant. Yeah, it gets kind of give me some of these things like that off this instant. Yeah, muff get off this instant. It's interesting. Muff. Excellent. See, George is only back one day here and already is right on top of it. Who says they want to hear those stupid tapes? Greg. Yeah, he's right. And those ball games too. There's a mobile and Fort Latterdale. Hello. I should share part of that talent check with George. He's pretty good. How about your part? Well, that was pretty quick coming up with the muff thing there. Yeah, that was very good. Yeah. Neil, imagine the time you could have had if you'd just taken a quarter of the money that you lost in the market and had it out in Vegas just to blow. Oh, a quarter. I'm going to take in like one eighth of what I'm done by now. If I were taking an 11, 10 percent of what I'm done, I could have had a weekend that would never forget. I could have gone in and also had a chance to win millions probably. And I mean, you can't even remember way back when you when you just were railing, it just just bank and you wouldn't take what it was, but the initials were FU. Right. And that was the different experience altogether. That was a call on I had to first union North Carolina and the people out there were so illiterate. They couldn't spell us. I mean, they had no idea what they were talking about. And I had there was the most gut-wrenching experience ever had in my life. Well, it just, you know, it's just dinner. They couldn't get my address straightened out to send me the name payment broken. And they were just done on them saw us. And that was for our students. Exactly. Well, I just want to say, Mitchers, keep it up with a discreet. We'll keep you around for another 20 years. Okay. Have a great day, Bob. Yeah. I got one thing. I want to say the Mitch and closing. Bye. Bye. Bye. Yeah. Just don't make any moves with what I got left. Okay. How I'll be in touch. 567-0560-pound 560 on the AT&T and for I was I mean, this thing is just devastating. This thing from the Wastow Journal. I wish somebody would have shown me this a year ago. I'm going to be like, if you had your life savings, was just, you know, $10,000. Just a pick a number. And somebody came along and petled you like a mutual fund and said, oh, this is great. And we're going to make you a lot of money and you put it in. We're going to return you like 10 or 12, 15, 18%. I mean, you know, whatever they promised you. 20% a year. And you put your money in there and all of a sudden and notice the mutual fund was having a tough time and your balance was going down. Your 10,000 was like, 85, 100 and 7, and then somebody fired said, because they do have those. I have a mutual fund magazine. I get that shows the ratings of all mutual funds in the various categories. And let's say somebody said, you were sheet like this. Talk, I got on the fact yesterday. And let's do the 100 mutual funds in that category or whatever you bought. Like European fund or whatever, international fund, value fund. And you look for yours and it's like number 100 out of 100. And you would probably say, oh my God, I'm getting screwed. And I'm looking at this thing right here in front of me and I'm saying to myself, oh, this is this isn't just bad. This is humiliating. This is degrading. This is pathetic. This is a performance so unspeakable that make you want to play the ID. The Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM my Emmy Fort Lauderdale. Bye bye bye. Hey, you were with your way and don't know. Tell them that they'd be harder. Oh, they'd be a mountain which is made. They'd be more you can stay at the beeping time that I've become profit. Oh yeah. Look in the guy just run by John. When your crowd has come on done, I'm waiting with my heart and what they're in the dark. Oh, you're so dumb. One, two, three, whatever, it's all over. One of the clock is 560 WQAM we got thank over show at Fort Lauderdale Stadium this afternoon. Anybody else just net it? Marlon stuff? Oh, no. Perkoon hotline. It's just a clock. Booster 7 to 10 o'clock. I'll be ripping high. I'm sure. Any K. 10 to 2 tonight. We got it's clean. No games tonight. Panthers and the end of the oilers who have won 9 in the raw. I think it is. They're smoking the oilers. How does team and lead? So they'll be in town here tomorrow night. Anybody going to that game? And then that guy's bringing a stake in Chateau Robweer. I'm really excited about that. I will not be eating the buns. I will be eating the chocolate shake however. Well, you know if you're going to eat cup of high rage, eat something that's good. That tastes good. Right. I ordered one. Not a bun. Buns are like cock-eyed. All the pitting and hoozzer buns were talking about 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Lots of open lines here right now, which is a very perplexing thing to me. And a highly touted, highly rated troll like this when we have so many different things going on here today. So many, and of course the thing about the people of what's picking wish. I know you don't want to call a talk about that because you don't want to ridicule and be little you and you're right. That's why we put it on the polar on the surveys. You could do it anonymously and express you a frustration and anger in the bigotry. Here's a cutlery, Chateau. Yeah, hello Neil. Yes sir. I just wanted to say thanks. I like this too, Sean the internet. Because I don't get down here in color red. Oh, I don't think there are too many people getting it down there. Yeah, nothing. People speak of the English. You're going to show either right. I just want to say thanks for putting up the good show and not doing into the, with the math to think. And as opposed to I was concerned, which I would say do this on the way to work your shows 10 times better. Okay. All right. And have a great day. All right, bye bye. Well, he's making one 100 times more money on what this shows 10 times better. So it evens itself on. I'm sure he's not worried about his stock broker. Oh, geez, this thing is upside down. You know, Bokeh would be an institute mark on the CD. Well, that's right. He's the ones that he couldn't sell. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon's marvelous line. 106 votes, South Beach, 48, Bokeh 39. Those are the only two that's runaway. I mean Hillsborough Beach wasn't going to get any boats or Palm Beach. But these two, they're in a runaway. That's the two horse race. Lady Mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How are you? I'm fine. Oh, I want to move South Beach. Yeah. For the most plastic. Uh-huh. But there's a lot of gave down there too. So you got to consider that also. Most plastic flags, yeah. And they go, not your ass. You fall down there too. They're going to slap my ass. I don't know. So maybe they're going to slap for your ass, but not mine. Now you're right. They're probably more likely to slap my ass. You can be right. Bobby 20, this is our anniversary. Thanks, sweetheart. Oh, hey. Have a happy. You too. Happy eyes of Mars. So that's just a couple of days that we got happy same paddies they come in too. Oh, that's all those flags up there. Marsha Ned parade and piss off those Irish New Yorkers. Bigoted, Questbuil, ugly Irishmen, huh? They are ugly, boy. The Irish. What is that? What is that all about? Is that a lot of booze? That's a pretty child thing. Oh, this is some good looking brits. Believe me. Until they smile. No. Yeah. Well, there's actually some brits with teeth that I know that's amazing. And then they turn 12. Now, seriously, there are a few good looking brits. God, not too many though. You're right. They're just, uh, what is it that whole britial is thing? And then wheels and Scotland and they're just something about them, huh? Are ancestors? Thanks, the Lord. We got that mixture in over here that we got the whole bunch of other geeks over here to kind of like invade with them. Because otherwise we need the whole country with a 250 million growth. Testly ugly. Yeah, yeah. Smarmy people with bad, brep and bad teeth and pasty complexion. Well, and you know that skin, you're the kind of skin it's like, probably like, booge has, you know, with his orange bottle. I don't want to start picking on boobe, but he picks on Hank all the time. So let's pick on boobe. No, not just model, but like, skin that feels like, um, paste, you know? Like onion skin. It's just real thin. No, no, you don't know what I'm talking about. You haven't touched as much skin as you think you have. That guy's the way I'll do it. How do I describe it? You know, guys with orange hair and I can't those, like, what do you call like, speckles on the arms? Like, no, not moves, but like, fickle the modeled, fickle the, and it's their skin is like, ah, I mean, I've been nice people. You just don't want to touch them. No, so what's wrong with that? Oh, and I got to tell you this. This, oh, I know it's getting close to lunch. You will, you will, you will, you hold on tight when I tell you this. So what the track last night, I'm losing my ass. Made a great comeback though. Wanda, losing $2.50, the happiest loss. Seriously, I mean, I was losing my ass. Thanks Kevin Wallace. I'll even say thanks to Terry Kuer, which I don't say that very often, but I scroll on her Terry. Hit a couple of races in Northfield down. I mean, drive was that hadn't been born yet. I was cashed all of a sudden. I just got hot there. So anyway, we're sitting there direct in the fat rich in myself. Well, you just have a great time up there. In fact, you know, if they have closed down pop in a park, I will leave. I hope they keep it over another three and a half years at least because if they close that place down, I'm leaving. I, that's, that's it for me. So fat rich, sure, decides it's time to go visit the magic room, do whatever whatever bodily function you've got to do to get rid of the 80 pound of food he ate last night. He comes back and sits down opposite me there at our table. And I can't help but notice that he is not zip back up his big pantalones, you know. Now ordinarily, like I'm ordinary guy that way, like, you know, 180 or even 200 pounds. It would be, you know, it'd just be as open as if when you say, you didn't zip up your pant. And they would like, oh, you know, like that. But here are these six stomachs protruding out. I, I wish I could describe it to you know, because I got to know what I snapped in just a zipper was opened. No, I saw it open. I see all the way open. Oh, god, why it open? And this, I'm not going to say this, you know, my public, this enormous group cluster of puppets is protruding out. I said, Rick, you guys, oh, yeah, thanks. And you know, it wasn't a pretty site. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. No, yes, the JFK murder conspiracy book by the CIA guy. Did I drop out last week? Yes, sir. Thank you. Have you had a chance to look at it? No, no, I'll, I'll read it on the plane, my wrong vacation. Oh, great. I'll look forward to hearing your common other. Okay. Good day. Thank you. Good day. Thanks Chris. See you, name is Chris. What do you remember? I got a 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless on. This is good. This format. No, I don't like having to take all those interruption, you know. Back where I'm going to start doing commercial free here on QA. Well, they're muffled like it or not. So how many breaks does that were? Two. None. No, none. We're not doing any more breaks. We're not doing any more spots. Just to piss off the water, not see. You got some there be a me a song and answer that little dog. Yeah. That was terrible. Like I hit the dog last I don't know if it was a guy or woman. And like I said, I'll give him the benefit of the dog. But they knew they must have known they had something because I mean it was it was right in front of me too. And I don't want to get making too graphic. Was he more disgusting than fact which is perfect. The car has the dog has, you know, the mist, you know, and the car has just smashed a hell out of this thing. And now I'm avoiding it. And of course, it's hitting the street. It's hitting some of my bullet of art. And I'm seeing this. I'm seeing it die in front of me. I'm saying I'm seeing the look on the face, the whole mango mess in front of me. They're on the street. I had one of those on a four lane. The dog is crossing the street. And the person who hit it never stopped and never slowed down every day. And you know, you can tell in the road if you hit like a paper bag or if you hit like, you know, a tree, they were something. But a dog, you know, anything that was moving you would certainly would know. And they were slowed down, never panicked to break. Just kept right on going. They're going to speed off because they don't want the order to come out all pissed off. And then it wasn't a straight or something. This was somebody's pet. Oh yeah, believe me. Cute little boy. Like a spring or spanial. And one second, it's bouncing across. You know, with that happy look like little puppies had bouncing across the street, and like one second, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And you know what I want to ask as a dog lover. And I know it's a waste of time because I can't change people. Why do you let your dogs run loose? Are you crazy people? It was possible. Crazy obnoxious. I hate you like poison. You people who let your smuck in dogs run loose. I can't stand it. Because you know what? The dogs that run loose, just like they said in Fatsau are the dead dogs. That's right. Isn't it also illegal? Yes. Yes. Highly illegal. And of course out there further west by where I live, which is not that many blocks west or more this happened. But you know, like I said, the other day they think they're out in the country and they got their chickens and their peacocks and their horses. You know, that's fine. And of course you never saw anybody walk a cat on a leash and you want it to lie because even to people that have cats. Don't deny it. But I'm telling you right now because I know this for effect. Even to people that have a cat in the back of their mind, there's part of that in that nose that if their cat is running around and got run over like what I saw yesterday with the dog, it's an argument that I don't shame, you know, too bad. What's for dinner? But a dog, you see, you have a different feeling for a dog hopefully. So why you ask holes out there letting your dog run loose? They had around those people up. Not the dogs, the owners. They had around their answer and put them in the pound for about a week. You know, put them behind bars in the pond, throw maybe a little vloggy bowl once in a while. Let them do all their business stuff right in the ground. You know, kick up their feet to kind of cover it up with dirt stuff like that. I hate you people that let your god damn dogs run loose because like I said, the dogs that run loose are the dead dogs, the dogs that get hit and killed on sunrise speaking polar bark, or the dog that got killed by mean plantations several years ago when I lived over on the cul-de-sac that other blood bound menpin the guy had. Dead it in crap. It's squash like a course of minpin weighs like, you know, that one way to maybe eight pounds at that point. You don't let your dogs run loose. You assholes you. I'm a secorst of very annoying and bark too much. 5671. That's something to think about. Hey, tiny. Wanna go for a ride on sunrise? 567560 pound, 560, auto AT&T and for a tiny how about if I rolled on that window over there. One look outside. Oh, tiny didn't lean too far, didn't he? Uh-oh. Where are we gone? Here's a model in POPENO hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good, sir. I cast my vote for South Beach. South Beach is the winner so far. It's pulling away as a matter of fact. 567560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and for a rise of a wireless line, 131 votes so far. South Beach 63, Boko 48, Coral Gable's 9, Coral Spring 7, Coggaon, and Grow 4. Nobody comes close to South Beach. Or Boko return. They're like in a class. 4. Two more of the great facts is in the history of this program from Morris Cohen, who lives on Bayview Drive in Miami. Dear Mr. Rogers, on the 90 year old Jew, and one of the group that you love to make fun of. I drive a Lincoln town car and I stay in the left lane when I drive since I have my Estinia Gravis and only see out of one line. Oh, it gets better. Maybe I do have some body odor and have a hard time doing daily tours. I guess when you get all these things happen. I'm upset that a guy your age will be old Jew in about 20 years has no respect for our lifestyle. We try our best inside our old body that has a hard time to work. Do you want us to kill ourselves to make you happy? I've made good investments in my lifetime and live very well and have no family. I've made a provision in my world that my lawyer who is 40 years old must fulfill in order to receive a $50,000 reward. I'll leave him if he fulfills my wish that I've made after listening to you for the past 20 years. He's been listening to me for 20 years since he was only 70. In the year 2025, he must find you. If it takes going to Amsterdam then he must go. I've left him an additional expensive comfort travel. When he finds you if you're still alive, he must go up to you and say that Morris Cohen thinks you have an old Jewish part and what are you doing still living? Why don't you kill yourself? At this point I'll finally be able to rest in peace and get even with you even though it took nearly 20 years. Like I said, the greatest faction in the history of this program and deserves to be framed. I'll be waiting for Morris. I want to be there with the camcorder. Once that big rate. How about the New Year 2025 with Zegre and Evans and Schwartz and Morris? That's what they go to. This is 560, 2 a.m. I don't have a proof. It's a great privilege to be here at Outline a new budget. I throw Darcy to board to come up with a number for tax relief. In my plan, no one will get relief. For low rank on families, you'll never get ahead. This president doesn't care and won't pay. My attitude is government should stand in the way a family is achieving their dreams. Together we will do so. I hope you'll join me in standing firmly. On restraint. Some say might all be too big. Other. Others say it's too small. I respectfully disagree. This is just right. Kind of like the porridge. It's 1118 at 560 W to Q AM 567560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and for I'm somewhere to explain. NHL trading deadline today. Any interest? No. No. No. No. Well, I just mentioned that in passing yesterday and we had a quarter of calls. But talk about hockey. Wow. Not only do we have any hockey friends here, but they hate it. They hate it. They despise it. Except they got to want those tickets and it's bringing us to take a shake tomorrow. And my friend Josh. Here's a front Myers. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. It's kind of surprising that you were talking about the subject. I was wanting to talk about. And what is that? Well, the other day I was driving and a cop in a and a dog pulled out or he ran in front of me and I'd break. Yeah. And pick up trucks slam right in the back end of me. Oh. Oh man. It's a mouth. Good. Jen. What about the dog? Oh, he got hit. The dog also got hit on top of all of this. Yeah. And got killed? No. He well, his hip was pretty bad. I looked around for the dog. There was nothing I could do. But, um. Well, how do you know his hip was really bad then? I mean, what does he think? He was working. Yeah. I mean, he'd limp the way is what you're saying. No. He, he laid there and he, he was a mouth. He got his, his hip. He, I didn't kill him. But I didn't. I don't want to talk about this. Well, way, you didn't kill him. But, uh, but I hit his hip. Your hip and he was a machin. He was laying there. And then what happened? Somebody coming, taking him to the vet? No. Roadkill. I lost him. Yeah. Oh, man. I don't want to talk about that. No, okay. He had a dream. Guy and Fort Myers had a dream that he got rear ended. Back home. I don't think the dog anything you do with it. 567. 560. 560. 560 on the AT&T in Forensic, one of those long. We understand that you have some mysterious metal problems over there, sir. We've been in Fort Myers. We understand. We can relate to it. What's that other place where they are still? We may end up giving to there. All of those places. Port Charlotte. Wow. The West Coast of Florida. That is a place. It is a place. It is a space. Pickup trucks. Jeanne really on usual. I would get in the rear ended by a pickup truck to even if that story would have been true. 560. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T. The rise of the Wawelsline 158 votes on our plastic contest here today. Which of these parts is South Florida? Which town? Which city? Which the most plastic? South Beach 78. Bokeh 56. Gables 11. Crossbrings 8. The Grove only 5. So the Grove years ago. But now that so many shfarks are even though they keep them all on the other side of the railroad tracks. That would be a good survey. Which of these are the South Florida's most geriatric? Huh? That would be tough. Once upon a time I knew Beach could have won hands down. Not anymore. That's in solo's plastic function made at South Beach. Now it's not like, you know, Helen Dale, Sunrise, Tamarack, Surfside, Evan Cher. Oh, see, Evan Cher is not plastic. It's old. It's old Jews with a lot of money. You better know your old Jews, Mr. because you sure don't. Here's homestead, huh? Mobile in Miami, huh? Well, yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Good. Neil, you know, I love you very much I listen to you show, but you know, they're getting kind of old people. You and then you're listening to saying about a Latin people and those speaking English, you know, they're moved to fortmires, you know, where they, where everybody speaks English over that. We don't want to go to fortmires. Why don't you? Why don't you? Why don't you? Why don't you? First of all, the poor didn't say anything about Latin people. Is it people who don't agree with the English? The poor didn't say anything about Latin people, I asked, or it said people who don't know what's the English, but if the fruit fits, bear it. Okay. If the fruit fights, watch it, fly it, eat it, suck it, or speed of that now. That's going to be a poor question also maybe next week. Which TV anchor do you think is most likely the eat ass, you know? Huh? Right, Lardardale, Rick Sandchance, 12th Street put on it. Tony's a grotto. That's my vote. How about your Tony's an ass eater? How's your roast told me? 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Ferrarian's on Marvellous Line. Here's a mobile in dear field. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing today? Pretty good. I just wanted to give a heart that dick who hit the dog. He was good enough to stop. He didn't hit the dog. That was a bogus story. I mean, a four-mars guy. That was a totally, yeah. Oh, yeah. But yeah, maybe one of the stop is you'll least help the dog. Let me say it again. It was a bogus story. Yeah, I got your body. How you do? I'm doing great well, so I'm doing outstanding. All right. This way, so I also had Spanish guy who called up and gave you some slack about that and we can't speak the language. Get that out of the house. There you go. Get back out of an animal, pal. Have a great day. Okay, you too. Get that kind of rubber wrapped and go away. Okay, Spigiting, ladies. Spigiting, ladies. Come on. Oh, do it. We want to speak it. Spigiting, Spigiting, ladies. Come on. We're pissed off. 570560. Jesus, hysterical. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. So you saw something happened yesterday. We had, I can't put my finger on it. But something did happen yesterday. And we're the stock market with the dog, with the full moon, with the track. There was just, now, it wasn't just me personally. As I'm the feeling that our whole, I don't know whether we're shot for it, whether it's America, maybe out of call up that psychic that the fear of all is talking to all the time. No one has Jeff crying on a sofa, you know, asking jeeps for his money back. But there was something that happened there, like a turning point in the whole and only for the better. That's a good news. Psychic Neil is here to tell you that things are looking up. How's that market doing, by the way? Huh? Still in the positive still in the green. Let me take a look. Next I had a 28-hour down. What went to care about the Dow? You know, care about, I don't know. Some people do. Well, a little bit. But not a lot. Not unless it starts going, you know, bananas down 43. Well, it's, you know, it's got some attitude for latitude, as you get away, but the NAS that we had a little bit of help, okay. Back up toward 2000, they have good bleeding space to stop before we go back up, like to 7,000, for a big good. Hey, did I remember to tell you that first union securities came in dead last and that listed the guy, vaccinate from falsely journal. I mean, like a million miles behind everybody else. Who's that first union securities? Mitch Hirsch. Oh. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? Pretty good. Biggest ass sucker, Tony Cagretta, without a doubt. Now, where I turn about, ass sucker, we're talking about the, see, you don't understand it. That's a very king thing. Okay. Neil, as I speak, can you put the Godfather music on the background? I want to give a small report. We locked another colorful living character, Vincent Allo. Oh, yeah, saw that. Half the way. Kof 96. He plays Johnny Ola. Did he really? Yeah, he's Johnny Ola and the other two. No. Yeah, Myers-Lanck's best friend, remember? He played him? That, well, he did a play. He's the character that was played by I suit you, say, yeah. Right. Yeah, he was a Lanski's buddy when Meyer was walking his little dog. Thank God, nobody ever hit Myers dog on Collins, ever because he was the taking kindly for that. Yeah, Jimmy Blue Eyes, the watchdog of the month. Right. Thank you, Jeremiah. Hey, Johnny Ola was the guy who was, uh, this is either one that took straight over to the, uh, ski Superman? Yeah, right. Right. Right. And then in Cuba, right. Johnny Ola. Yeah, he's taking it all the time. Right. That's probably because dinner plays like this. Right. That's Vincent Allo. Johnny knows me. That's that he's good. Yeah, I've done. Okay. Well, I'd like your mind to be on shot this morning and I brought it to my eye. We're seeing the air crying on the couch. I'm surprised. You didn't bring it up. Thank you, sir. Okay. Okay. Okay. I don't know. This is the muck that goes on as we're told. That's right. I think I'm the guy. I understand the bloody dead David. Well, how is he getting dead? I know he's got the exact cover. It was a thousand and then that's exactly over like eight tens thousand. Then feel free to call said you were a good guy. We don't play new personal but the real first down. Mr. Bannon. Mr. Cawaxi now money going on the trail. That's a true. He really let me just walk people out there, referencing his grandfather. That I find that extraordinarily disturbing. So I'm glad the exterminators come in today. Locked the folks. You think I've both fired around in here. All of the people are fighting. I want them to hold their eyes up here. So five days they get an exterminator. They can go see the lady. Yeah, time for a quick and exterminator around his face. What is that? Oh, sorry. Sorry. Oh, sorry. Except on a bridge. Except before after he's suddenly got shot in the crossroads. They shot Sonny on the crossway. He dead. There's the greatest actor in my opinion of all time. Robert Duval. When she agreed. I thought serving him at one day. Some, you know, we did that music stuff a lot of fun. Let's do that with actors and actresses and movies and Frozen dinner stuff like that. Yeah, let's. I like Stoffers. I don't like Vick's dough for though. Thanks write about Vick's dough for because he's an asshole. The voice of Gulsting. Oh, and Gulsting after having that big, big weekend, but afforded Durby and they handled $37 million statewide. They had those two record days there. And so they would have, and they only have a few days left in the meeting before they closed and go over to Hailea. Believe it or not. And so what did they do on? And I yesterday too, we weren't all of the hard work in television. People that they laid a whole bunch of people on. Yeah, after they worked their asses off, for those old crusty nasty, miserable blue hairs all weekend long. I'll have $2, I'm not far. You know, the ones I'm talking about. The ones that spread the racing format over the guy damn in front of the television, it was 15 people standing online desperately dancing from one to the next behind them, hoping, playing to get their guy dead bed in before the guy dead, dull rings and the gate opens up and they're off. Yeah. That's how they reward the people of work hard because it turns out that these people now that bought the Gulfstream. These people from Kentucky and Churchill downs and you know, these are going come to fight out that there are a bunch of our assholes. What the deal is? Grave robbers. Come back. I just mentioned that in passing. So I'm 30, if I have 60 QIM. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. If new and it's that Burger King, Godfather 20, he action figures. They're fun for the whole family. Collect all 10 mob action figures with each water fry and super large drink and that a super large drink, no exception. Get sunny in a favorite garbage can. So you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out sunny sister or get the bullet brittle body of sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth. Wow, isn't that great? And press all your friends with the Don himself. I'm making an offer. He can't refuse. So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures. Remember, it's only business and it's at 30 again. And you won't have to wait 45 minutes for it either. Number 34 at 5.60 WQM. Happy Tuesday, too. And yet today is a lot better than yesterday. Just a whole ambiance. You can feel it. They were like, oh, we've turned the corner, yeah. Yeah, you can smell it. Maybe with those things that we're sitting on the counter out there. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Yes, I have unfortunately a true dog story. I hit a beautiful Colleen one time, slowed down. The dog's walking along the side of the road. He cuts in front of me very quickly. The man in back stops watches the dog while I drive down to the owner's house on a long driveway. He's having breakfast, I tell him, I'm sorry, but I hit your dog. Oh, you know, who's dog was? Well, I just thought it was this in front of this house. Yeah. So I go in there and I says, the Colleen, you know, it's a Colleen. Does it have a Colleen? I said, I have no idea. I'm too upset to even know. I go back out to the dog and then followed it. It was behind me. The dog still alive. Oh, barely. Oh. Well, by the time this owner gets out there in his car, the dog dies. The owner gets out of the car, reaches behind the seat and pulls out a shovel. He's ready to have a funeral. Then he says, oh, that's not my dog. That's the guy next door. Yeah. And this witness in back says, oh, is that the mayor's house? Or is there this guy was named mayor? And this guy says, oh, yeah, and he looks at me and he says, I wouldn't tell the guy you hit his dog. He's a hothead. So anyway, I left the scene, the man brought the shovel up. But here the guy was ready to just bury the animal. Well, what did you want me to do with it? I don't know. I'm sorry. I wouldn't have made it. I don't want to say that. I said something like that. Well, if it was deadly, it was going to take it to the vet. Well, it wasn't dead at the time. I told him about it. I said the dogs alive and got a getting to the vet. Well, I see. That's not what you just said though. You said the dog was barely alive. It was down over there. He was pretty badly badly. Yeah. Congratulations on 25 years of control. OK, thanks. Thanks for whatever you're doing. But nobody just said, oh, no, something about a calling. See, you people I want to joke about. Hidden dogs in the street. I got news for you know. You'd be amazed how fast my car can move and what a good aim I'm. I am, too. Yeah. Like next time you're crossing the hill, they'll be full of hard real slow with your walker. Morris. 560, 560, POMP 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, I can't wait. The end of the fact when the year 25 or 2025, let's see how it will be. Then 24 be 82. Oh, yeah. Got a longevity going in my family. Oh, 82, that's nothing. So when I get to be 81, remember that year 2024. I'll put a big sign on the door wherever I'm living. Neorodges is here. We're like arrows in the whole deal. Old Neil. Remember, young Neil, this will be old Neil. Hey, just to make sure that is a lawyer will come and get us $50,000 reward. And of course, Morris, but that time will be like, you know, ashes, rotting, festering. Even the worms wouldn't touch it by that. That will be smiling from on high. Good. Hey, I'll wave to you. Hey, Morris. I was going up there. Here's Weston. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. I was just mentioning the other day, Robert DeVal. I could watch him act all day and all night. I mean, even in bad movies that he's done, he is just unbelievable. I never saw that movie where he played the preacher. The apostle unbelievable. What's your performance? He wrote it. He couldn't get that movie done. Really? Because it was kind of controversial in terms of the way it portrayed religion. Exactly. And the Hoxton nature out there and he exposed the whole thing of it. But his acting and it was just absolutely unbelievable. That would be a good poor question too. Where the biggest hoxtoners stockbrokers are religion pillars. So, I figured that I was wondering, you know, at Luther Hill, Mitchers, like, annoyed you because he was actually saying I need to make a living, you know, like, quit revenue. No, no, no, he didn't say that, but I could tell on the side of his voice. Well, he was really wounded and hurt and irritated. Like, you know, I mean, here we are $450,000 in a whole later, give her take whatever it held as at this point. And he acts like, geez, you know, you're ripping me in. He didn't really say that, but I could tell. We could only tell. And, you know, that's the, see, here's the guy he took a chance, you know, he was told right up front if he's going to take my money. I'm on a year. I'm one of those guys with a big amount of trouble. If you do me a good job, I'll sing your praises from now to the end of time. But if you do a bad job, if things go south and whatever it'll happen, I'm going to rip you an ass. And I do. I ripped him every single day and deservedly. So, I haven't said anything that's untrue. I'm giving my honest analization of what he's done with so far. I see nothing but disaster. Anybody who's going to professional sales knows that the prestige or counts are always wonderful. Because you can post your name on them when things go right. Right. Things go wrong. Sometimes that sometimes you look at it and you say, oh, my gosh, I can make so much. But you have to, you know, they always talk about wearing the risk and wearing the benefit. Well, as a salesperson, you have to wear that risk as well. Because if you screw up, that's your name. And, you know, you can walk back into that place. So, you know, so I'm looking for me to crawl him as I've done many times the last few months in him to say, well, you know, I'm not happy. They're I'm not happy. And like I told him a few days ago, I really don't care whether you're happy. It's my money. Not yours. In other words, I'm the client. He's the one that's supposed to be the big shot. I don't care whether he's happy. He's supposed to be concerned whether I'm happy and guess what? I ain't. But the horrible thing would have been for him to come in and say, you know, I can't really, maybe I've just stopped to rip. Person maybe this isn't the right time or whatever. But I've never said that. And you see that. And I understand there's an ego driven aspect behind it where you don't want to admit, you know, if you're good or you can only imagine my amazement, well, I'm saving a single take home of it. When I look at this treatment of the Wall Street Journal, I look at first union security and it was my fault. And I look at their miserable horror or I just grow test performance compared to every single one of the all these other people. Which means that he might be in a bad place too. That people above him give him him leads a good man. I don't think so. Okay. Look, the five of my plastic prices. What about parkland? Parkland. Parkland. Yeah. Guily lives there. How could that be plastic? I think Yahoo would do it. No, I know other people that are there. And it's kind of like it's taken coal springs to trying to take a coal springs to even a more elite stature. So, you know, I'm wondering if, I don't know, you know, you say to be Yahoo, but again, you know, if it's Rick Riley, let's say something. Yahoo. Not play, never call him plastic. Redneck Yahoo. Right wing. But turn me on plastic. All the stuff on the wall. The whole springs. I got to be honest with the coral springs. I, I don't like. I don't like. I mean, you know, it's glitzzy and it's a new and it's upscale. But there's just, I've never expected this. It's something about coral springs. Yeah, the stepwear was definitely live there. I don't like it. Well, you know, in West, I look here in West, saying I moved relook at you. And here in West. And admittedly, it's somewhat fascist in the way. The funniest thing is the property management people. There's one guy who's like the property management. Let's put the note in your door that your mailbox needs to be painted or you need to be steamed cleaned or you need to check your wand because it's not free not green enough or whatever. But he's got a absolutely two pack a day habitual smoking problem. Okay. And then the, the girl with the outwaw smoking out here and I just see him whenever he gets outside of the confines of West and he's smoking them three at a time. Yeah, you know, and so he's doing that. Oh, there's a big election here in West Isaiah. Well, that's right. The election that everybody go out there and vote all 10 years. You don't, yeah, I'm glad you might chin that because I keep forgetting to talk about this the last several days, at least by me around plantation. I see these silly people on street corner is it. And it got the signs that the names of the candidates and I have already turned up my voter registration card. I wouldn't waste my time anyway voting and, you know, I'm sorry, I'll pay some election local election. But they're, and they're waving and nobody is paying any attention to them. I mean, nobody, I'm thinking to myself, what are you assholes doing out here on the street corner? So, what do you think you're going to get out of there? How kind of experience is this going? You've been waving and they're all, and I'm thinking, what nobody's speaking to, nobody is paying the slightest bit of attention to them. Well, I heard West and I was looking at all the names of being Jewish myself. I just saying, you know, it looks to me to see the sticks of half time and we get one Jew or another regardless of what's going on. There you go. The same deal. Good day. And good day. Your caller about Johnny Ola is wrong. No, see this, this fact, she didn't understand what she was saying. It was played by Dominic Kianaci, who also plays Uncle Julian in the sopranos. That sort of says here. Why you give me a look? Because of what you said, the guy got the statement wrong. Yeah. Now, he didn't say that the guy who just croaked her plate, and he said that that was the character that Dominic was playing. Dominic, pavya. 560, 560, not see. This story starts with my 30 year old wife's partial disc removal. It was about 4 months after the operation she found herself going about 15 to 20 miles an hour down our street down our way home. Just as she was about to pull in a rot wilder that was being chased by another dog ran from behind my parked Jeep. My wife break quickly, yet still hit the dog. This is a dog that we like a lot, and it limped away yelping. My wife got out to try and help it. After her walking, it backed up the neighbor's house. She was greeted at the door by the wife of the dog's owner. The look on the wife's face was classic and red. You hurt my dog. Everyone was upset. We had to run the dog to go vet the kept dog for three days and charge 700 bucks. The good news is the dog is fine. Here's the problem. We split the bill and the weeks passed afterwards. We regretted doing so. We've learned our lesson. Dogler owners who let their dogs run free are responsible for the dogs getting hit. And if someone doesn't care, don't be surprised when you told your dog was hit and killed by a car. P.S. thankfully my wife's back was only sore for a few days in a sudden trauma. But the point is not only are they in danger being their dog's life, they're in dangering lives of others as well, sincerely, keep them wrapped here. How do you like that? Yeah, you people out there that are letting your dogs run loose. You're pushing off the rest of us too. That just, I mean, I already had a horrible crap as to yesterday. What up until I've pointed about a quarter of those six, but then I have to see that nice little dog getting just creamed there on sunrise, blah blah blah. Just smashed his mother reans out there, smithing the roadkill. Turn my stomach, made me sick as a crab. And then I had to see the fact we're just pooping and out there. I mean between the two of them put that together. And you have a real crappy day. Here's Holly, would he? Yes, sir. What is it? Hello. Yeah, I need to find. I need to find. I need to find. Hello. Hello. I need to found. What do you mean? I need to find. What's wrong? What do you mean you need to find? Who and who are you? A phone call? Yeah, hang out, please. Well, who called us? Who's this? What do you mean who's this? It's Neo Rogers on a radio. Oh, my son like the cool deal. I'm sorry. Well, I'm worried. What's he doing? Yeah, where are you? Craig. Craig. Hello. Yeah, well, I'm sorry. Find him for me. Okay. Don't let him went about it. He called. Yeah. Craig. How have you been doing? I've been doing great. How about you? Good. I've been doing great. You know who I am? Craig. Craig. It's Neo Rogers. Yeah, well, come on. Come on. You're great. Yes. Hey, I did it. Okay. What happened? You just hung up the phone. Yeah. You're not on the phone. Maybe he knows our program director, Muff. Something just happened. Who is he? He was busy. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Now, he'll teach you Craig. Moms out there in a back. She didn't ask. She was nice and he was a punk. How do you like that? She was very nice. She was very concerned about me. She actually knew who I was. All the old people of who I am. Yeah. You up to any old fart say, you know, and then Neo Rogers knows say, he's an asshole. Right. At least they know who I am anyway. Like Morris over there in Miami, who's been listening for 20 years. SIG is not Morris. Rest in peace. Or in the bad news is Sunny Roseburg is still alive. They're having a special meeting in hell and they'll see if he's really as much of an asshole as everybody thought he was. And they decided yes, but he's still alive. Sunny Roseburg, you could be here. You come back a hundred years from now and you still have these same old Farts running the joint. Same old, the Julio Crooks down there in Dave County. The same old Jews in hell and they'll same over the team. Mobile and Palm Beach, hello. Anyway, doing okay. In terms of the asthma and chain, this is the Miami News Cafe. We got the O'Connor. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and mirror more. Hello. So, hi, I'm Neil. Happy to form. Hi, hi. Okay. I know who lives in the light here. How is here you could blame about your count from Mitch. A couple or a little tips here while the everybody's going to circle up an ass back. Yeah. Ericsson is an excellent spot. You are a six bucks. Yeah. They're in the toilet. You're a million with them. Yeah. They're going to be a couple of times. I don't know if it's a very long way out. I think they're going on the business. No. The whole infrastructure of a China is there. What is there? We're going for infrastructure of China. Oh, I'm going to go by way of our air. Yeah. And some of the people. We're going to be person. Yeah, I'm too. And there's also another one, Rambo. I think we're going to have a bomb movement from this call. Was it? Rambo. There. I'm not looking for you to count stocks here on here. What kind of the insanity is this? I'm not looking to get in. I'm looking to get out. Yeah. I'm not looking any more. People in the same position as you and I have a device for them. If they really feel, you know, I think, you know, everything's going down the drain. I'm going to take all your money and liquidate it and put it in six once cities. And see what's going to happen after that. Yeah. You know, you can't lose that way or some government bonds. Yeah. And just accept $450,000 losses. What you're telling me and then sit back and try to time the market and then jump back in to God willing those water. That's the same as timing the market. That's exactly right. That's right. Another thing about the E. You're just telling me like the guy that came to me at the hockey game a couple of weeks ago. Well, you know, the money that you lost for get about it. You lost it and take what you got and that's it. That's easy for you to say. Wow. It is, you know, a very difficult decision to make it out. Yeah. Okay. Well, let's say, happily, fairison for us. Okay. Woo. It's 11 till noon at five, 60. WDQ. This is five, 60. You a yeah. Oh, well. What I was looking for before it was pasty. Pasty complex. People with pasty skin, you know, like, it's harder to describe it. Until they actually put your hand on it and the skin too. But anyway, Bluege's got orange here like a cartoon character. Three of few people I've ever seen in my life. I have like, we all care at top orange here or purple here. Almost of course you're talking about down here. We have many people with purple here. Okay. See it goes through phases. First of all, it's like sunrise phases, you know. First of all, it's like white. No, no, it's gray and then it's white and then it's blue. And then it becomes purple. Oh, right. Yeah. Back when you're sitting up there in the dining room in Papua Park and all of a sudden you look around and you see this purple haze. Here's Papua Beach, hello. Yeah, that's roadkill on top of their heads. Uh, I could be it. They these people are all out of material. Yeah. I think we had to go back to vote on false. To what? Back to voting on Motel. Yeah. What's your material? So what you got? My material is I was at the track last night. The fortune was in front of me making a $3 bat and meanwhile I got shut out of about 20 bats and I lost all my bankroll. Oh, geez. What a bad break. Okay. Too bad. She had a geopavio junior. And senior. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We're going to have a contest here. See how many harness drivers you can name. Yeah, that's going to be our country. Very good. Wally, Tennessee. Oh, Dominic, baby. No, Dominic is none. His brother though. He's related in the family. As brothers not really drive a reader lately. 233 votes on our survey. Which of these areas in South Florida is the most plastic plastic baby plastic as a bunch of real poses running around plastic assholes. You know what I'm talking about? South Beach seems to be winning in a breeze. And a finesse to breeze. 116 votes for South Beach. You're not fooling anybody down there. You're almost never going to cross maybe one a month from South Beach. Or they're too busy don't have time for us. They're too busy doing drugs. Volca retone 84. Coral heavals 14. Coral Springs 13. Coagant of gross six. So in other words, it's strictly like I said, the two horse race. How about buddy Joe Moore? 56050505050 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. And his brother Gary. How about Bart Steinberg? How about Jim and Gardy? See, I guarantee I could do this from now until 2 o'clock. I could. Don't let me stop. Red Ross. Gordon Norris. Charlie Norris. I could. They've flown. I could name the drivers that have been in Vettidia. Sex Warner and that. What is he talking? Why are they? What? Why? Marty Cohn. Here's Baltimore. Hello. Hey, Nick. Yes sir. Hey, I'm going to adopt a story for you. Actually I'm like my dog. I hear like too much to go. And I took him to the to do it. You had a dog? No. Oh, my dog. I hit. Oh, your dog got hit. Yeah. Yeah. I took him to the vet. And they was like, yeah, I bust a head and I can turn on the bleed. Fust a move. I'll bust a head. Oh. Yeah. And I took him to the vet and he was like, it was going to be like 18 hundred. Just to get on six and I'm like, oh, well, that. Yeah. I was like, that's a bit of age. I only had to do like two months anyway. I'm like, well, how much of a tablespoon? He was like 157. I'm like, well, yeah. Let's go for one sixty seven. Yeah. I had two. Good choice, pal. But have you ever liked the other one, Sean? If I haven't done any insurance, I didn't have a sit to think. I don't know. But it was tough. And they were coming up like, not half so much. I hate myself within a year. Oh, you're talking about like for a veterinary. Oh, yeah. And now you're telling me after all these thousands of dollars have paid all these years. Man, I know when I get my next dog. I've got that thing out of my veggies. She's a very nice lady, but boy, every time I go there, she's doing procedures that haven't been invented yet. That's amazing. All the insurance. Okay. Don't forget, go for the one sixty seven. Have a great day, pal. Good choice. Well, I mean, you know, you love your dog, but let's face it. Especially when these markets are nowadays, who are not going to forward that kind of five six seven, five sixty baggage pound five sixty on the AT&T and for Ryan's and wireless line. Mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Anyhow. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Anyway, I think about two years ago, I was reading the Wall Street Journal. Right. And they were interviewing a Warren Buffett. And they asked Warren Buffett, how much you think these internet stocks are worth? So an ass deck. And he said, well, if I was a college professor, I would ask my graduating class one question, yeah. Final exam. What are internet stocks worth? And they go, what would be the answer? He said, well, they put anything down, but I don't know. I failed. Yeah. And I listened to that advice and my friend said, I'm not sure if you're going to make a 25% of you on your money. You're a loser. Yeah. And I stayed with a blue chip stop and, you know, I'm making 10%. I'll pick and keep a balance for it. Follow you on the, you can do okay and sit out the rough times. And hang on at that zero ax. It's going to come back. It's too late. Too late now. Too late now. So what did your bag now? So that took a gigantic loss, yeah. Oh, you know what they just did? I just sold a 1.3 billion of food you do actually. They got enough, they got 2 billion in cash, a carry in for another year and a half. Yeah. And I hear that Arab chic is the one that helped him out. Yeah. I think it's going to come right. It's, you know, obviously zero ax isn't going to disappear. Like the all these other internet companies. So, but anyway, I just thought I, I read that and that people out there are one in best money. Just read a Wall Street Journal and use your own head and, and I don't try to make the money overnight. You know, it's a long day. Okay, well, I have a great day. Okay. So, I said again, investing has nothing to do with a stock market. Let me say it again. Very, very, very, very carefully. Very loudly, very articulately. Investing means putting it in something that is guaranteed. That's an investment. Put it in the bank at 2%. Put it in money market at 5%. Putting it at CD. 6.5. 7.7. 1.5% whatever I didn't get. Putting in something that they fixed guaranteed. Great. Cannot lose. Anyone you give your money to, where there's a possibility, you could not get it all or maybe any of it back. That's called gambling. Virginia. That's called freaking gambling. The field Roger show on 560. WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale. Oh, he doesn't say a B-sway. Oh, God damn. Those wrongly. The gangster rapper straight out of the hood. Bang and Jay, low daily. You know that life was good. Back in heat in the mowels. Worthing on their rap. Everyone was living large to someone but the chap's home. Homey lay their bleeding. Took one in the spleen. Of you told the driver, It's your gun they done seem. You made the hand lines. The front page of the post. To pack and pick you would be there. If they were not ghosts. I was gonna burn head left you. For big ass is gone away. Reckless now yours is looking finer. To the inmates every day. Up against the rapper. Had life by the balls. Now he's looking at 20 years. Serenthas. The wall. Everybody. The gangster rapper. I'm blind. Now he's looking at 20 years. Serenthas. I love it. 12 or two or five, 60. I'm happy Tuesday too. Got a very light load today. Can I say that? I'm happy. We got lots of stuff going on here today. This is great. Let's just do a minute all the spots. Let's do like non-commercial radio. Which I think we'll be on the way to do that. Looks like. Nice going there. Screw in. You're right on top of it. It's weird. As usual. Mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. I don't know. From all times. I always put my money in CDs. Everyone's coming to take my money. I'm putting it in stock now. No I'm absolutely not. You have a lot of money. I can't actually drop. You're asking me like I have some idea? No I know you're not a fortune-teller. I'm going to give you the answer to your question. Nobody has any clue. Nobody knows. I'm not going. I'll put my money in a mutual fund at high risk. I sort of stock market going down. I'll wait a little bit longer. One two a pound. Don't do it. So you might best be as if you were to the... Leave it right where it is. You'll sleep like a baby at night. You'll have that money guaranteed. You can't lose it dime. Trust me. I know. Good. I just want to go with the night for you. Don't get sucked in by the hype man. Don't get sucked in. Oh yeah. I thank you. Okay pal. You like that. He's on the verge. They're loaring in. They're trying to... Come on. They want to suck. Suck it in. You want to know why? Because misery loves company. That's why. All those assholes that want to suck you into gambling away your money. They want to see you just as broke as they are. And then they can say, oh, gee, well, we sure gave it a good shot. But boy, if we only would have known. Yeah. If we only would have known. That we were gambling. If we only would have known. That we were gambling. You know, just like Pomp and O Park last night. I had a good time there. I was gambling. Nobody said, hey, you're here to invest your money. We're going to grow your money. 20 or 30 percent here tonight at Pomp and O Park. Nobody said that to me because I would have laughed at it in their face. But it would have said that. You know. If I were to make a bet on Donald Brainer there last night. I said, hey, bet on me and I'll increase your money by 40 percent. I would have laughed my ass off. I would have said, Donald, you couldn't win a one horse race. And he would have said, but you're probably right, but invested me anyway. And I would have said, no. No, I would not. 560, 505, 60, Pomp 560 on the AT&T and how about Nikki Bridges? Nikki Bridges? Nikki Bridges. What about it? Driver. Oh. I told you this is going to go on till midnight. I'm not leaving. I'm just staying here. Francis over here. Tommy Palmer. Tom Wilburne. Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello. And what are you doing? Doug Snyder. Pretty good. And yes, let me, I just, I just turned the radio on. Did you, you didn't actually hit the dog, though, did you? You saw it hit it. The car in front of me hit it. But you've never actually hit one. No. It's gross and me. It's happened to me and it's gross. I've got to be sick for days. I'll never forget it ever, ever. And last week twice, I hit a bird. Hit my windshield. Two different times. I mean, it's not even bird. Nothing, you know. It was a nice bird. Yeah. What do you do when you turn around? You go, I mean, you're going to do. Yeah. Well, I'm not saying that when people hit dogs, then it's the drivers fault because I mean, sometimes it is. But most times it's not because dogs are, you know, they're done. They went out the middle of traffic, and they get killed. But it's the oldest fault for letting their goddamn dogs run loose. Those old, we should make those owners play in traffic for few hours. You're absolutely right. And I have a German shepherd. I don't let my dog run out of it. First of all, you have to be nuts. I mean, it's gross and in other, they let their dogs go, they should have to run out in traffic. Right. That's what I just said. Okay. Thank you. And that one, that one I just said. Yeah. So I thought I just said. We have an echo on this guy, the inform. 560, 560. Don't let me forget. Oh, here's our friend, John, or Joseph, who fact me this stuff from. What is it name of it? Raymond James Associates. See, I don't know at this point. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, you know, beaten up and, I'm like a beaten man financially as far as this investing thing is concerned as far as, I mean, what are you going to do? You sit back and they tell you, well, you can wait a couple of years. They'll all come back or not. Yeah, I hope for the best. And so during these, the next three and a half years, I'm taking all the money and I'm putting it into a guaranteed fixed year. So at the very least, even if all this other just disappears, which, well, not, but even if it did, at least I got something. And you know, I could be at the Camilla sauce. I'm not going to be at the Montelieu Soup Kitchen. I'm not going to be out on the street corner, pelling the homeless voice. Which now, by the way, they're at Flamingo in 595, Piedland, the homeless voice. Good out of the street, you idiot. Get out of our street. After any acres, they're everywhere. Here's Naples, hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. Great. Okay. I would call you from Katman, too, but the, I think, was like five or six bars a minute. So I'm going to call you from there. But I'm just, I'm taking Katman's seat. I'm sure this is. I put this air well at 92 and Amazon's a comment 107. And then we're told me just to hold it. Uh-huh. To the scimming go back up. The AOL will go back up. AOL eventually will be all right. I think I believe. It's Amazon.com. Amazon.com. You know, if Jeff Bezos, Bezos, whatever he'll say, is if you believe me, he talks a good story. True. I got a little kitty cut story. My parents had a cut, like, 15 years. And my sister was backing up and ran over it. All right. But it didn't quite kill the kitty cat. Oh, no. So it was popping around like a fish. Oh, and we didn't have a dinner on the house. Ah, so I had to kill the cat myself. How'd you do that? Ah, please. I mean, it's right in the middle of lunch hour now. Do we want to talk about this on the, how does got killed a cat? Do you want to know? Sure. Please. I think this is like, seriously, I guess. I see a single kitty cat. You strangled it. Yeah. You strangled the pussy. It's a pussy. Oh, boy. I mean, how long did take? Good question. Maybe a minute or so. Well, that's not too bad. I'll tell you a little bit. I'll tell you a little bit about half an hour. I hope we'll hopefully be happy with that when I buried it. So yeah. No, that's hope so. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Okay. I have a great day. Now if you'll better. Now come on. You don't really want to see a little kitty cat dead. Do you? Come on. That's terrible. That whole thing with cat. I don't, I don't get it. Cats are for old ladies. Okay. If you're an old lady, you want a cat for like a companion. That's fine. I can understand that. I will not charge ties you for it. That's great. Although a little dog would be. I saw a dog with a lot more work. Cats are like a independent. You put the little box out there. If you don't care that this thinks up your whole apartment or whatever. But cats are, you know, relatively self-deficient. They got bad diarrhea and the litter box. You know, if they put their guts out there and the litter box. But anybody besides the old ladies who has a cat. I have to raise like all my eyebrows when I hear about that. Because I, I wonder about people like that. I wonder if my face is a cat. You think? Do you think my pleasure? Kitty cat? My minute's after noon at 5.60. Nobody can. Oh. Nobody can. I think we already know the answer that, don't we? Oh, oh, God. See you started this. You started? Don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, you started this whole month business. We only have to reward for that. Don't pay too. Yeah. Terrible. Here's a mobile and cross-breaking cello. Yeah, a great cello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. How to make your merger room or a, with your office morning? Yeah. Your office with a barlitzer. Yeah. They're going to create a organ copier. Uh-huh. But maybe they can help you out. Obviously you need it. Pretty bad, but you think the other guy was right there. Yeah. That's talked about doing the music stuff again. I think you're right. You're the automobile. Pretty weak. 560, 0.560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon's a marvelous line of text. We don't have that in the do we that morning down in, down in junior bit. Which one? Which, what do you, what do you, what do you mean? Which one? We want to turn all of our best of CDs. What's a sound like? Sounds like some little kid screaming in the evening. Oh, that's right. Young more down here or something like that. Is that what it is? I'll find something like that. Worton down in junior's dead. Boy. Where'd you find that out? A couple colors. Oh boy. Probably all that smoke and didn't help you. Uh-huh. Oh, and see those people at the West and they may have the right idea. No smoke and no cigarette. Probably got punishing him for all those real estate scams that he pulls. No, I think probably for all those bad TV shows. That could be it. He was like that show. Was he down here? He was down here, I thought. Oh, and I was doing you trying to recreate the invent something. Yeah. Trying to become another Jackie Mason. Oh, well, he did. But anyway, Morton down in junior's dead. So that's either good news or bad news, whether you liked him or not. Or maybe in different news, depending on whether you didn't even know who the hell he was, which is possible. 16,000 open lines on the board here and we're having ourselves a pretty damn good day today, considering 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for lines of wireless line. The outer town line is open. Now that we're off the air this hour and four miles, maybe these people from something like real place and called in on that thing. 877756345. North Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. He was down here for a while. Yeah. All the crap find to play down here eventually. Uh-huh. Anyway, you got here. You got here. You know, you were mentioned the other day, North Miami Beach and how it's changed for the worst. Remember? Yeah. You know, and I changed for the worst. Jesus God, it's the end of the world. I'm stuck here working here all the time. Now you're talking about dogs. The people here, I have to go through the neighborhood on my way to work. The people here you keep dogs and their fun lawn as a lawn system, as people lawn systems. They're changed, they're just sitting there, you know, day to day and the heat and the cold. You know, it's disgusting. I can't tell you how many dogs I've rescued from the street that have just, you know, that escape with the knot-off ropes and collars, you know. Yeah. You know, you brought up the subject. I'm just telling you. Well, if it's very easy to say, you know, if you're going to have a ped-be responsible, but the problem is, is, like, say, if you're going to have kids be responsible and people are irresponsible about that. Exactly. How are we expected to be responsible about having a dog? You know, if human life is, uh, you know, like these assholes with their pit bulls, you know, that are out there busy killing kids all the time. Right. It's a pathetic situation. You know, I have one of the dogs out on it from the street. Most wonderful dogs I've ever had in my life. And it's, you know, it's just breaks my heart because, you know, you see them either killed. And they topped off the, you know, it was the top of the cake because today there's a dead pig on the side. Really? Oh, my God. I guess Rosie won't be on today. Yeah. I mean, that's, but that shows you what the influence of an neighborhood is like. Can you imagine this? A dead pig on the side. Dead, dead, miniature black pig, you know, like the little, hot-dally pig. Huh. Copy ready for a temptation island part two. All right. Okay. Thanks for the question. Thanks. Or that's your Viber. One of those bogus softwood shows, yeah. One of those pseudo reality shows. How's the full come in 369 votes? Which of these areas in South Florida's most plastic? Stickly a tour. It's a one horse race really South Beach is pulling away 137. Bokers given in a battle 90, six core gable 16, cross spring 13 and the grow of only seven. Hey kids, Saturday mornings right after P. We Irvin. Don't miss the tiny terror of television talk. Today we're talking about parents who's talking to grandma so, and I'm this up. Come on. It's the junior mortal down the show. So, granny, where does cook is a promise me huh? Where's more to be? I didn't have time. Oh, he's got time for my cooking. Look how the wave is due to that. But you had plenty of time to sigh your hair blue, didn't you? Well, what? He's a magician. He's spoiled rotten. He's no more. I'm not sure if father I think we should apologize to your grandma. Oh, now get a lot of this pen of love and fuking liberal whim. You're a little bit sad. Bippie, dad, bippie. You want to be on here? You want to be on here? You want to be on here? You want to be on well. You want to be on well. You need the tipper canter from talk show. Host you. What is bang? Don't try to tell me up too old. It's been stuck in our minds after fire. Oh, stuff I have. It's locked in by one. The bippies of America and Tom Clarks of the loots of filthy, Tommy swag. Oh, fuck it's locked in my water. Yeah, see you really, son. What? He's tuned your Morton down. Well, they won't be sucking anymore. He's dead. Morton down in junior. Dead. 12.9.10. It's 5.60. WQA. I mean, although the person on TV that it retains me more than anybody, not Jerry Springer. Like a lot of you might be thinking. Not $170, like most of you are thinking. Oh, not Ron Popio. The person who I find the most offensive of anybody on television, not just the host, the whole ambiance just makes me want to scream. I'm one of your favorite channels, even though you don't watch the programs. You only watch one show on the food channel. Emerald. Emerald. Very good. I'm not nearly as much disturbed by him as I am by the people in that audience. And by the reaction. I mean, he's just a turd, is what he is. You know, just a crude. And didn't somebody get all upset because he's not from New York. He's from somewhere in New England. What else? I don't know where he's from. Hunger. But I mean, anything that anybody might have ever found disturbing about the Northeast is all wrapped up in one tubby package in that's emerald. You can smell the essence of all the way over here. And I do like some of the shows on food channel because I'm like you, which only watch the Aaron Shaffer. You have no interest in. I do enjoy watching like, multi-mario or is it multi-mario? Whatever that's, Bob, we have said. But every time you turn on a food channel and you're desperately channel surfing, he's on there. Live, he's dead. He's in between. He's a lukewarm. He's a medium rare emerald within seconds. I want to kill him. See, this is the new deal on television. And I noticed that CNN, which is just desperate. They've got like four people on all day. They've got, uh, everybody brown and Roger Kossack and Wolf, Bob Blitzkrieg and the Kingmys. They're, uh, only for us to do that. And that's it. And we're not going to be able to get into the new cast. They've got, and also a bell press in the gallery of O'Tie that the right wing, uh, pansy. And that's it. And we're going to over and over again. If a little bit is good, then tons of the same crap is better. That's TV now. The essence of an arrow. Bam! Bam! And you're at it. The audience is like in a frenzy. He might, he must be a puttin' something in the brownies, you know? He must be a spiking at what's something really good. Because that audience is forming it tomorrow. He could be boiling the goddamn egg. He could be boiling water to make pasta. And he got his, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, they're like, uh, hysterical. They're rabbit. All about, uh, it's about luck is what it's about. I was going to say showmanship because he's not even a good showman. He's just, uh, crap. He's just a crude, uh, and those people are no something about making a meal about the, like, a boiling egg. They say you couldn't cook his wife up a paper sack. How do you like that? Don Kurer. 560, 750, 550, pomp 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Chris Boring. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Hey, yes, sir. How you doing? Do you want to say, uh, well, you, oh, here's. I thought, I'm working down. Yeah, I don't love this. Showty Jamison. Uh, you're in a way, do you get that? I got a list online. Oh, you got a list online. Great. He's got a list of hundreds of drivers on there. Okay. Ray, play in junior. Well, you know, more than money he did, let's see. Number of professionals. Can you wait for us? Is this man? Pockers. Can you? Yeah, you got a flamboyle down driver's on there. Get that off of there. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Singer, songwriter, and whole cast. You're going to love this meal. You can post such surf rock songs as Pipeline. He's on your Spanish Paul camera, huh? Go ahead. I'm sorry. Pipeline and white body, Rob. Mark Miggins. Yeah. Got I always love being abused by you, Neil. I'm not paying any attention because I thought, I know. Well, because George went on the computer to fight a list of harness raising drivers. So now he's spewing out names here. How about Carl Jamison? How about Kelly Shepherd? Go ahead. I'm sorry. Uh, the voting going on. Voting for one. You know, all the towns were voting. Right after you said it's Fox. She shouldn't do it. Whatever. You know, all 10 people. I decided to become one of the 10 in Cooper City. Yeah. Go in there. The ballot has one thing on it. Two people. One thing. How much money did that cost the city? I have no idea, but at least they're doing something construction over there. That's good. Cooper City. One game kind of a marginal kind of a marginal place. Wouldn't you agree? Cooper City. It's like between Hollywood and Pembroke Lakes and just. It's not with there's really no such place. It's like that far. You know what it really is? It's the farm store. They're in a corner stilling and whatever that is, Palmer. Farm store. That's Cooper City. Yeah. Not so much anymore. And Cooper City high. Cooper City high. Where the best grass is bought. That's right. A lot of nice white kids there too. Yeah. Well, not they're not so white as you think. Meal. Not anymore. No. No. They're still physically white. I just don't act white. Oh. Can't get past Jewish gangster. Uh-huh. The worst. The worst. Okay. Well, whatever you said it was great and have a great day. Bite me. Bye bye. So now you've got this list. What is this? It's like the USTA taught 20 drivers by wins as of 3. 1301. Jody Jamison? Is that on that list? Yeah. Number 19. No. Not. You could knock myself out. I bet you're ready. Waples is on the 77 wins. How many Randy Waples got? 94. Uh-huh. Number 2. Got no coming any other names. Actually, I print this or I would. Let me just let me connect it. Let me guess if the names Kevin Wallace is certainly on there. No. It's not alphabetical. So I actually read. No. No. Kevin Wallace is not on that list. Kevin, by the way, is not a version of his 6000 career. And I've got Kevin Wallace baby. He's our man. He's our hero. Kevin Wallace is God. I said that at Pompital Park years ago. This man's talking harness racing drivers got name and easy crazy. No, I'm having a good time. And he can George is getting into it. So who's number one with 165 wins? 155. How about Tony Morgan? Dave Polon? Nope. Dave Polon's not on this list. Number 18 with 77. 165 wins. Walter's in second place with 148. Yeah. Somebody has 165 wins. What does it do? You just have a name and a number. It doesn't say where they are anything else? No. Name and a number. What are the initials? Who? The initials. First name and initials. S. Stan Major. Close. You got an. First two initials. Steve. Close. Not exactly a Stephen Bouchard. Yes. Stephen Bouchard has got 175 win. He used to drive down here. He used to drive down here. Pumpital Park. How do you like that? Stephen Bouchard that frog. Wow. Driving at Yonters. Those donkey races. See that was pretty good, huh? Not bad. Yeah. How many of the other top ones will I give you right there? I'm the list. How about Luke Wollett. Can't end these numbers. 7-23-1. And Luke Wollett. Or you E-L-E-T-T-E right after him. Number eight with 90. There you go. See this man. That was crap. I know a baby. Can't hear. I don't know what I would never found it. Oh. How about Michelle LaSons? Michael the chance. Not on there. Yo. George Brennan? No. Nope. No? Hmm. No. 26-2-0 and 5-60 WDQA. If you ever push. Puck the bow. Wunderstborn. No. I'm bad at 6-2. 5-1. Right. The marriage console. George. You be good? I'm not bad at 6-1. Don't let it go on my neck. I'm not bad at 6-1. I'm not bad at 6-1. I'm not bad at 6-1. I'm not bad at 6-1. I'm not bad at 6-1. I'm not bad at 6-1. I'm not bad at 6-1. And the late Joe Flynn. They're all back. In the United States. Maybe. It's good. Mean politics and politics? I get a little bit long. I get a bachelor embora gone. Order Derek until noon. Let me visit the school to uhhh Hey go now bying. Itts so cool. You're really puttingedi up. Won't it go? It's great. Justuvoer. Got any option on your way to your proposal? the game. The night I heard related to the family. And you thought it was just an old TV show. Lepa law with the United States Navy and the rest of the Bush administration. Me, we knew this right, it's the White House Free P crew. Yeah, there was one left man. 12, 30, a five, six, a WDQM. So we talked just a few harness racing names. And right away, most of the lines are open up again. I'll change, say, you folks out there, you just, I don't know what it is about this town. They're so intractable and they moveable. Even George is getting into it. I don't know who any of these people are. But it's just, you know, something that I'm practicing to be an old fart. Exactly. Something different. He can go, you know, get his program and sit up there. And like we did on Saturday, go do a double header. So a free meal. Absolutely. I think that's the fact. Stogi up there, get a free meal at the track. I think you got the right idea. Get that. An endless split layer cake. But it's good stuff too. Oh, God. Why am I eating that? They have an endless split layer cake with all whipped cream around it with strawberries. Not if I thought I'm thinking of following fat rich around while he does the Talt rounds. Yeah, that's not a bad idea. Learn how it's done. 16,000 open lines here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Oh, this is going to be a four-later nail. Hello. Meal? Yes, sir. Second time caller. Okay. How are you? Okay. You would talk about emerald being from where Boston? That's what they tell us. Yes. Oh, that's even worse. Yeah, no it is. Yeah. You know the the the the the second worst talk show person on television. Literally the worst. Yes. Larry King. Yeah. Worst. Uh-huh. You have a the best ass locker though. But you're part of the best ass locker. Yeah, really. He never met a you never met a cheeky wouldn't like. Is that how he got there? Sure. Really? And he's still doing it. I can believe. Right. Because he know everybody says he knows he's he's the biggest name to opera since what's his name? Right. Since God. Exactly. Okay. Have a great day sir. Wow. We've got eight men in open lines here. Look at that. I'll look on red. No, you won't find him on there. Oh, yeah. Hold dead. Hold and dead. You're friend Chris Christopherson or whatever the other. He's on the list of top earners. Oh, herding. Number six is the matter. Conocard. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. David Wall. Con five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Mickey McNickle. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hey, yeah. I'm here. Yes sir. I'm this friend. You've a lot of the about ten miles from Yonka's race line. Yo, shwend. Yes. I've got the regime. Daniel. Yeah. He's a red man. Oh, man. The tow. Regenis still driving. Yeah. Yeah. Can you still drive a note? Yeah. He still drive a northfield and Cleveland. That's about the only place that'll take him. Well, the case on the cockles, they'd better not drive the chalk. And try to figure out how to confess your or the kind of a life that was the alive. But everybody was calling him back and see your forgiveness. And I couldn't get through. I want to beg for you forgiveness because I was one of the guys listening to Russian. Back at days of the political and fantasy. Oh, hey. Yeah. You're forgiven, my son. Don't do that. You're gone. I'll pray for you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 7. And don't be a dealer. I want that fat ass limb ball because you want to hear the same year. You had your fellow bat. You got your man in there now. He just was dumb as he was before the election. And we're dropping bombs on a roll. People over there and got them collated. And they're, you know, it's the same old crap. No matter who it is. So let's get on with important stuff. Like, you know, like somebody. Joe Marstonier. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I like Charles Beaver. I could come up with names so obscure that it would have people out there. Why do you think what they're talking about? Why want to get? So guess who the top earner. Wow. Do salt. Who? I think you're pardon? The top earner. Top earner. Top money winning. Oh, no far. This year. As of 3, 1301. This year. I guess Dave Pologne. No. Does he earn a hot-with-top hand thing? No, he's none of the list. Really? Are you spelling that? Dave Pologne. Pail. I mean, how hard is it to spell David? I mean, I'm not alone. Marone. Marone. Jimmy Marone. No. If I already mentioned the name, I think maybe. There are a lot of people with this particular last name. Whole family. Yeah. On the other list, the released four entries with the same last name. Yeah. That's your hit. I haven't got any ideas. Big name down here. A lot of people with that name down here. It's not a little richy silverman. No. Jack Moisef. No. Come on. Let's go. What's the first name? Draw. It's the first name. In Kendall. What is the first name? Sunset. David. David. David. This is middle initial. Miller. Yes. David. No. Really? You can make boy. Come out of Pittsburgh. Whether the middle lands. He's doing great. David. Triple and white are his colors. Here is a boat. Hello. Boka. Me. Yes sir. How you doing? Pretty damn good. Yeah. Will stop walking to kill on me. My always in the dumps. Yeah. I was one of the ladies. We could just play some happy music. Make everybody happy. Like some a Taran Della or something. Yeah. That's not bad. Like from the godfather. Remember that in the beginning when they have the wedding. That's not bad. Everybody. Everybody. Everybody. Everybody. Everybody. Happy when you play that kind of game. Yeah. Let's do it. I'll find it for you. I'll do it. And the music too. Don't forget. Leave the gun. Bring the gun only. There you go. Bring the home of touch. Oh, I guess watch that. Smuck. Scott from that place. Well, I remember. He was in here this morning. I think you walked out of crap or something. I saw him on the way. He was in here and I thought about, oh, gee. I thought he mentioned my name about the homotoxity. Bring us any homotoxity. Oh. And I took you your message about the bakery up there. We should thank them. Yeah. What was the name for sweet things in the fountain? Sweet things in the fountain. When I got home Friday, I was a frantic message from George that they had called and they had a whole tray of homotoxity waiting for me. And did I go there and know, because if I would have, I would have gotten the train. I would have taken a home and eaten it all weekend and gained five pounds. So I appreciated it very much. I'm sure they were delicious and great. But we didn't get any homotoxity. That's okay. Well, you know, when the money here falling, we understand. We accept the fact that we don't want no longer invincible. No, not one, not one homotoxity. Not one. I mean, Dave Halberstein said over the old Goisha triangles and he had days of good guy. But, you know, let's see if that's the direct. Let's have direct eat it. He eats it. 560560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What about race time? Here's a mobile and okay, hello. I have Neil to interesting unrelated thing. What about Don Mechamory, yes sir? First of all, we're guarding Larry King the other day on some cheesy C.M.D.C. financials and they were talking about the demise of CNN. And then we'll do it, yeah. And they made specific reference to the status. A lot of the staff in Atlanta hate Larry King. And they were submitting part of the demise to Larry King's shenanigan. Yeah. And this is part of the regular financial circle considering it. Punch of questions. Punch of questions. Yeah. Second thing is, and then now you've got an eight days a week. That's my favorite part of it. But there's so desperate to put on something. Even though it's demographics are older than did they got Larry King on like nine days a week. Punch of questions. The second thing is, we're a bunch of strange Catholics here in my family. But my daughter goes to a Jewish school and made excellent home and dashing the other day. Really? Absolutely wonderful. Carol Fisher. I'd never had it before. Yeah. And it was very good. So we should have had her bring a fight. Okay, well, well, well, well, well, well, like for next year, okay. Okay, he's only five. So, you know, well, like for next year when she's six and all, not too crowded in the house. Thanks a lot, pal. Well, fine, so I guess I'm on that. Other home and caution that showed up from our good friend Dave Halvers. Yeah. The sugar free stuff that I took home. Oh, no, sugar free. Oh, no. Oh, I didn't need enough of it to get that fries. It was so not good. Bad. Relieved. I said, right. I said it was record-lived up-whole's name. Sangra Fisher. 21. No, you see, you're looking for these names on that list. They will not be on that list. I think it could be. No, not dead necessarily, but all the time. Give us that good old-time religion, baby. That's right. Well, you'll be happy to know your friend Luke Walette that you mentioned earlier. Second place on the earnings. Really? Really? Yeah. He's very good. No, you know the half. He's very good. He's also Canadian, eh? 21-before-one at five, 60 WKP. All right, this is G Gordon Litty, and they don't come anywhere. Then new Roger. Round the long to the gates where Dan's got a great pick zipper in the back of the fence. You can ask the horse if the old-born door got the saddle further round. I'm a ride on the horn. You can stop, folks. Redemption all around. There goes Johnny, and it's another fat cam. All the men left. All the men right. All the men just to the pillow. You can buy. Give your partner a silly smirk. Go ahead and throw a big servo dirt. Volunteers all wager. And who's going to be the next pivot man? In fact, your partner, home for a drink, lift your lips and give him a link with a great big smile and a great thick knot. Let him know your dribbled deep flull. All right. 17-1 at 5-60 WKP. I've got Hank Robber coming up from a four-lot of nail stadium today. The Marlins. Remember the Marlins? They're going to be a... Yeah, who? Exactly. What race are they driving in? 5-6-705-60, pound-5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Nick Salve. Okay, here's a mobile and bokeh, hello. Neo God. Yes sir. How are you? Pretty good. A couple things. One stars your pole. Nick Salve, once you're over horse is popping a part called the Consolieri. Yes sir, I'm sorry. The most plastic F-en place in the world is Boca. Well it's not doing it in second place but it's not catching up with South Beach. South Beach seems to be in the league by itself. Well that's too bad. Secondly irresponsible pet or animal owners. Yes sir. I was driving a 95 last summer and I hit a pole that had gotten loose some farmer. It allowed his bolt to just roam free on the ground. You hit a bull huh? Yes. Wow. Actually destroyed the van. It was pretty bad. Now what happened to the bull? Oh, I'll show it. Really? Yes. Not to like 100 feet into the median. Wow. I just didn't get to keep the stake in Boca. How much of a collision? Yeah it was. One pretty first thing. Did the pandas pick a belly burn-up? Haven't heard one more to about anything. Ridiculous. At least my devil's got to get a good bolt under. No he did not. He don't think the geyser has a backup? Geyser? He is fine as a backup. He's here for the playoffs man. You're thinking that one year you're not in a club. He's a backup. He's grooky. He's not even a Christian. He's not even a Christian. Right. And by the way, if Ken Maldon's listening, it's a Tarrary not terrible. Come on, Chan. Have a great day, pal. Good luck, X. Okay, you'll need it. Another got a nice team. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You know what we've heard nothing about? We've got the trading deadline. You would think, of course, that our sports people will be running in the Harrison. This is the hockey may've been here sitting in here. The hockey harness racing in home all may've been sitting here. The three H club. That they'd be running here. What's ESPN? I know what the numbers are. 206. 207 is ESPN news. I have to put it on there. They'll have the stuff going on there. They're certainly going to be some deals today. Erick's over there and St. Louis's taking his nose in there. Well, you know, he makes me sick. Big Eric. Yeah, well, maybe I'll play there. Maybe I won't. Maybe Daddy will say it's okay. Maybe I'll get another headache. And you gotta go away, Eric. Just don't go to Tarrano. Just don't go home. Maybe, maybe stay out of there. We've got him watching there at the custom. Just to make sure that you can't get in. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yeah, I think the process just signed that to you. Yeah, there you go. That's you, we're, hey, Neil. Wow, how about Louis upon? Yeah, that's that. That's you, we're upon drove a Pomp and O Park. Do you remember a Jewish kid used to drive down here? I don't know. They were having them. They were timing backer. Sure. He was from New England. Is he still around? I don't know. He was, we're Black. I don't know. He was around thinking of Beckworth. You know, the Beckworth driver, from New England. I don't know. I do remember the name. I'm a he used to, we're Black and when you said two big Jewish stars on each side of his, of his helmet. Oh, I just wonder what they have. No sense of warner, I'll tell you that. You know, how about Herman Halkema? I know. Herman Hilcomb. Very good. Yes. And he's only an Billy Wieger. And Cecil Champian. Oh, right. Now we're cooking. Now we're talking, meadows. We're talking Pittsburgh. Yes, sir. Okay. Thanks, Bill. Watch out for Dave Palombe. And Dean James. Watch out for Greg Wright, Jr. And Tommy Bueder. And Brian Sears, okay. Say goodbye. 560, 560. 560. See, you know what? This is, this is so great because they're like maybe five of us down here. They're really the only thing about it, you know. And then there's Wally Hennessy who thinks he knows something about. Hey, Wally or dangerous, baby. See, one thing about it, Wally. He's always dangerous. He's dangerous when he wants to be. And he's dangerous when he doesn't want to be. You know what I'm saying? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live. How's it going, eh? Wally, you old, uh, douchebag, mobile and Jupiter. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Been in the North Miami Fire Station for 19 years. Uh, my best friend that was there when I got there turned me on to you. And we've been listening to you since then. All right. Uh, congratulations. Thank you. I hope I'm out of town before you leave. Me too. Hey, anyway, speaking of Larry. I'm whipping around the channels where I was doing this. Uh, going into the 10 o'clock hour. Why, who's that? Was he sucking last night? Well, I didn't watch the show. I just, I went to see an end about 30 seconds before Larry went off. And he is counting, get on the internet and vote for how you feel about his show. Really? Yeah. And when you mentioned, the only thing I called was because the other guy was talking about how bad it was and seeing him was going down the tubes. Uh, he was counting to get on the internet and vote on what you think of his show. So apparently, there must be a question there about how bad he's dragging down the rating. That's your question. Yeah, all right. That's your question. There are no congratulations. And then, I also that maybe his tongue is wearing out. Maybe it's turned into Schueler from all that I can. I can't watch them. The worst. I can't do it. But you know, something I do confess though that in channel surfing is that time when I was usually pretty desperate. And I'll look to see who he's got on. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He had the child killers on or something. Yeah, sure. He was kissing their eyes too. Oh, yeah. I went by at nine o'clock and I went by her all though and then that was it. And I did something else. Hey, buddy. Thanks for the good news. I have a great life and keep going to do your, make the days go faster. Okay. And watch for your slide. Okay. Okay. He's over there at the fire station. There's slide not at five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Larry King will never be something if the King must have just, I mean he's been out there for like a hundred years. Nine days a week. Bilerie, don't take it, you know, personal, but bye bye. Here's a mobile interview field. Hello. I knew. Yes, I got it for you. How about your old buddy, you're full telling me? John, for the poli, the tour, yeah. Hey, I want to want to waste last week I should mention and I had it. I had it. Oh, yeah. All right. Poor John. Okay. Thank you. That's going to John. Hang in there. Look at this. We got we call him triple sticks. We got eight minute open lines on here. Now, I wonder why that is George. You know something. I don't care. I'm having a great time. I love it. These people are, you're too narrow in your scope. Okay. Go on. Wash your mouth out. You're too narrow in your scope. I'm sick of this crap. All these, oh, I hear no matter what it is. Like I said, I just, I, somebody, the first call I mentioned, something about the panthers. And that was it. Just call her mentioned it. And right away, oh, quick talking about hockey. And then you got that guy with that boring voice. This is video laundry show where we talk about hockey. That guy who's like, you know, every day would have same thing. If anybody even drops a puck on his front yard. What is what is with you people? Okay. You got to be more than just one dimensional and screaming about people about speaking English. So they won't speak English. Now what? Now what? Now what's after that? You know, right? I've been on vacation there's a couple of years ago. And I come back a way to enlightening trade, the defenseman Craig Melon. That's who it, no, people number to hear of these people. I want to hear a trade that's up, number to nothing going on. So anyway, you have done your usual swing club crap by while I was on vacation. I come back and somebody else, some punk calls up. Or put your urge back on here. We want to find out if you're here in Crystal Ever did anything. And you said, no, we haven't done anything yet. And now what? You know what I'm saying? And now what? Oh, you're here today. Everybody think, oh, okay. And now what? Now what, punk? You know what I'm saying? And for what it's worth, we still haven't. Yeah, they still haven't. So now what, punk? Man. 5605056, the only AT&T. And Verizon's on what was lying. Malcolm Phillips. Here's a mobile and hell and they'll, hello. Hey, we got to get sunny out of Holland there. Today's the big election now. The big election, I don't think you'd be having no bigger election today. Good luck to you. Well, fart. 5605060, pound 560 on the AT&T. Howard Niles. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Two of your favorite drivers. We're the Niles. What is it? Two of your two favorite drivers are plumpable, far to all five. Of all time. I'll play with you. Leon cable. And Kelly Shepherd. Yeah, there you go. Good choice. Good choice. I think, uh, what do you want with us? The best of all time. Yeah. Well, somebody beat it into him anyway. My favorite was that I've stayed in New York when buddy Gilmore and Lee By Harner and Elden the Harner and George Gilmore. I used to be in the same race and he was Lee By Harner's son and Well, that was always good. Yeah. That's the thing. So that's the thing song that overdounds, you notice it's a family affair. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Everybody's okay, sir. And I've left him in the dust. Let's do it in the dust. It overdounds. It's a family affair. Rimes with Francis over here. Hey, I'm about that over here, Horst. The other night there, baby. I've come on Joe. Get into the race. 560560. Pound 560 on the AT&T. How about Jerry Bookmire, huh? Yeah. That was a real piece of work. Here's sunrise, hello. Roddy. Go. See, now those people crumble. You're people. They crumble on this because they don't know from that. They don't know the bullpard, the Bushman. But this, I mean, they just, they don't even know where to tie the guy damn wagon. Maybe they're, you know, remember, they're not mine. They're yours. They're yours. They're yours. They're you evil. No, they're Cuban. Faggot. You don't know their Cubans. They're not Cuban. They're not Cuban. Not a lot. They're your people. I know which one I was. Cute. There's a mobile on candle. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, you're OK. Happy belated, Tony. Thank you. I'm here to defend cats. I never had one until about two years ago. Never had, I was a total dog person until two years ago. Yeah. And I took a cat home from an animal clinic that I worked at. He was a blood donor there. And he, the best cat or the best pet that I've ever had. Seriously, he doesn't knock things over. He's not, you know, you can go away for a couple days. You're not the worry about anything. Yeah. And what are you doing? You call him to see like come over in this. I swear, like, you know, he knows his name. Really? Come to see me call me. You've got a couple tricks. Believe it or not that he does. You sit. No, no BS. You know. Yeah. No Schmidt. And yeah. So I, and play you give him a chance. I know. You won't know. But, uh, well, I had that version. When I was five years old, I picked up a straight cat down the end of the street and I carried it like maybe one block. And it's cracked in my arms. And that was the end of my life. Yeah. That was the end of my love affair with cats. I mean, you know, I thought this is a pretty shmitty experience. I don't need any more. You can adopt one. And then that's. So that's what I'm going on. I've been from my five year old birthday on. I've had that version to pussy the rest of my life. A lot of people don't ever get puppies. They just go to the pound and get, you know, older dogs that are through the, you know, the house training. Right. Oh, that's a good. That's great. That's great. The cat. Yeah. I can't. It's one of the, I think he's a, seriously. Cats can't be cool pets. Okay. I believe you have a great day. Okay. Watch out for that microwave. Okay. Oh, they're, they're really good in the microwave. Catch you. And they're tail. I'm like a dog's tail, which is like, you know, a little more solid cats tail is like, you know, I can just see that thing in the microwave, yeah, lighting up like a Hanukkah. Yeah. 560, 560, pound 560 on the eight. Oh, ladies. I'm sorry, you all ladies out there with your cats. I know they can all upset. Am I friend Sean? Got a bunch of cats. I'm starting to get worried. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. I'm giving those numbers a lot because I realize we would talk about some very obscure crap and people get upset about that. Hey, I got news for a man Randy Wapels. There's the man up there in the, whatever they called at the OJC, the Ontario Jockey Club, whatever that is. There's a driver that guy. You old man, he was good, but Randy and how about Keith Wapels? Come on, let's go away back there. Yeah. Bob Burmard. I'm going to stick in the old Bob Batavia raceway and Buffalo raceway our names on. Yeah. Dave Vance in your pants. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Hey, I'm going to be all coming to you. What? Pretty good. I hate cats too. Good. Just one letter, you know, what your fellow broadcasters pass away. Yeah, we already had that out of about 45 minutes ago, sir. Oh, sorry about that. And he's not one of my fellow broadcasters. I mean, if you want to call him a broadcaster, he was a pitchman, a ox deraille, whatever he was. Kind of junk TV. Yeah. Or from thanks to Rick and me smile all day. Okay, have a great day, sir. And say hi to more. More down, he, Julie, won't be seeing him no more. I'm pushing up Daisy's now. I didn't have a long cancer, I believe. He was a head surgeon. He was a change marker. That was the best thing one could say about it. So there's a message for all of you kids out there. Don't be smoking out chains, baby, because you'll wind up dead someday. Of course, even if you don't smoke, you'll wind up dead anyway. See, that's the way it works, you know. See, this is the best they can do. The lightning trade, somebody I never heard of to the Ottawa senators for somebody else I never heard of. And that's it. That's the big news in the National hockey league. That's the big guy damn trade deadline news there on ESPN news. Florida science, running back Lawrence Phillips, wait a minute. So helping out, I just said, it said Florida science running back Lawrence Phillips. I'm gonna kill myself. Prof. 57 and 560 WCU on the weather. It's not just a one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. New one PBS from the creators of temptation Island. It's no temptation Island. Here I am, bringing the banks. Oh, my God. Wait a minute, that's what's your final. It's just some kind of a cruel joke. It definitely won't be any other anything you want. Yeah, I've found already. Oh no, that's right with you. It's my XY. No temptation Island. No please, you've got a problem young man. Somebody just shoot me on PBS. 1 to clock at 560 WCU. I'm happy to be there too. Boy, this show a lot better than yesterday. How's that market come? I'll set to watch the CSPN news stuff. They got no information. They suck. Let's see, 355 looks like CNBC to me. Here on the director of 31 70 and nice next up about 32 points. Not spectacular. Not going to make a big comeback today, but a little something. You know, we got three hours to go. Just hang on. Hang on a little something. I was tried. That was done 81, but you know, little teacher to be buying a GE stuff. And you notice the people on CNBC are having a Schmidt. They're having a hemorrhage. Over the fact that GE took that gigantic dump. And it was like 75 trillion dollars in value in one day. It's for the two bad. That's your parent company. Two bad. You guys are going to shut your ass down. GE, they had a better idea. Ronald Reagan knew what it was. But he forgot it. They keep going and asking, hey, Ronnie, what was that better idea? Yeah. For Ronnie. Here's a lady in high allia. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I love you to pieces. But today I'm in the role of defender. I was so glad to hear that gentleman call about. Well, not defender of cats. Oh, absolutely cats. Oh, no. Yes, have had dogs and cats. All our lives. And I think that men like dogs mostly because they're slaveish. Because why? They're dogs are slaveish. Well, what does that mean? They're slaveish because they're friendly and they're all beating. And they're not the independent enough. Not just like cats. Well, cats. I think it takes a man with a lot more self control. It doesn't mean that kind of slaveishness in his life. So they need any attention. I don't know what that means. Slaveishness. I have two dogs. I had them since they were eight weeks old and they're not slave. When you come to the door, do they run over there and? They bark in the screen because they're happy to see me. Yeah. Well, cats don't do that. Come on, because cats don't give a crap about you. That's right. That's true. It is true. It's not true. It couldn't care less about you. As long as there's somebody there to do whatever they need to feed. Then they couldn't care if you're, uh, her gone. Let me tell you. A dog is affectionate. A dog loves you. A dog is your best. I was going to write a book. It's going to be called my best friends have four legs. Sounds like a winner. Yeah. Let me tell you. That's a great name for a book. Yes. My husband had never had cats in his life and we brought a cat in after we got married. Yeah. And he was quite ill one day and he really didn't have much use for the cat. I pretty much took care of him. Probably allergic to cats. No. No, no, no. And we only had one cat at the time and this cat came up and just lay her head on him. And he said, it's like she knows. And she would not leave him. She knows what. She knows that he was sick. Well, I mean, let me ask you this. Do you know that certain dogs, especially little dogs, you know that they have healing power and their tongues, you know that if you have a cut on your foot or on your hand, that little dog will like look at it. If there's like any little area where you have like a nukic. Huh? I have to tell you what's right. It's antiseptic in this saliva and he will look at it and heal it. I have a healing dog. Oh, so the useful too. Yeah. That's why the swab bar is just something wrong with that. No. I've always had like German Shepherd's in Saint-Penar. Okay, in fact, I'm glad you used that word because useful as dog is useful and a cat is useless. And that's the distinction. No, that's a protection. Well, they are. Yes, they are. I mean, rub it up against your leg. Is that my idea of affection? Unless Miguel came in here and did it. I mean, I don't get that. When we call them, they know their names and they come over. Sometimes they don't feel like being peted in and they let you know. By what? Like they just ignore you. Yeah, like they can take their claws and like that. Well, only if you tease them to the... Oh. But normally they don't scratch anything unless you do something like pick them up upside down and Uh-huh. You know, do something wrong. Although I always thought that it was a good idea to have a cat that wasn't declored. You know, to kind of keep my little dog in line over the years. I would have been a good idea. Straighten his ass out in the hurry. Probably would have, too. Yeah. Carlos, I'm glad you're happy with your cats. I'm very happy with my dogs and like those on. I'm not supposed to want to defend Irish. If I had a chance to run over a cat, believe me. I got a really fast for her, but I'm sorry. Please. I want to defend Irishmen also. Oh. Because you took a couple shots at them. Uh-huh. Irishmen are really nice guys. I've never dated anyone who was not Irish. Well, pasty, though. Well, my husband's not. He's Irish. He's not pasty? No, he's not. Oh, thank God for that. How can she compare if she's ever dated anything but? Yeah, that's true. Have you ever dated like a Chinese guy? No. Oh, the Chinese people. I have very, like, very smooth skin, you know. No. I've never saw a Chinese person. Well, I just mentioned that something to think about for a while, you know. I'm like what I have. Oh, good. Irishmen are poetic. They're mystical. Right. Drunk. No, not necessarily. Red men are just, yeah. Occasionally. Uh-huh. But then. And eat a lot of potatoes. No, not not mine. Oh, good. Are you must have the good one? So, first have the good one? Excellent. Okay. Have a great day, sweetheart. You're tuning in. Bye. She's got a cat in Irish husband. I hate the Irish. I know what can I say? 567. 560. 560 on the AT&T. Oh, we just had a pound. Oh, we'll surge in here. The TV went off. That guy, the phones didn't go off. That would have been really bad. TV went off though. Oh, sure. Oh, my TV. I broke. The TV's broke. I'm going home. Let's see. I don't know. Look at that. Searching for satellite signal. Here it is. Thank God. Wow. Man, do we have like an electrical fart in here or what? I told her that there's something to jump in in the air. That's what Thunder Cloud Newman said. He's right now. We're getting another system now. I don't want to start like something for lots of enough. Or some glue or a psychic or something like that. Because I have rumor on the phone there. The saponone, he'll be sitting on a sofa in tears. Talk on the needle of psychic. Well, I heard that yesterday. I just wanted to, I wanted to sit down and cry. I'm taking financial advice from people who hooked up with some psychic freak. And with the sheik of aerobeta with a zero stock. That's me. Call me a schmuck. I'll answer. That's my name. North Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you today sir? This is El Schmucko. Hello. You know, I, I, I, I'm the guy that called you about the gun show the other day when we're talking about. Yeah. So, I was, uh, the brother told me about the Tyler Hathie. He heard you on the internet. He said, you forgot to tell him a couple of little, uh, other things that happened at, uh, that they could do that they do it gun shows. One of them is he telling me about it. Not bouncing or come down. Take it slow. You're a little head of yourself. Yes. Yes. A lot of time. Talk at the guy. I know. Uh, there's such thing, uh, there's a thing such as, that's called a wallet gun. And it's somebody who I used to have on. Oh, yeah. They're great. Yeah. I, I, I sent you some, uh, some speakers that, uh, uh, you could peel off and put on your car that were shaped like those. I mean, one of them says, two of you was carefully anything you say maybe thrown back in your face with the vicious sarcasm? No. And what would, what would Jesus do probably kick your ass in the knock-up you Bruce, excuse me, part of the tube? Oh, you want somebody send me a needle over it. Oh, each of them will want that deal body in the center of the fish. One said, you could fill the, and the center of the fish. And the other one said, Darwin. Huh, I thought maybe you would like to, uh, I guess you never got them, uh, if you'd like me. You mean, you mean sometime back you sent those. Yeah, oh yeah, those are great. I did get them. I love them. Okay. Oh, making other stuff to be like. I sure want it. And okay. You can send them to filter fish. I like that. All right. And I'm more of a horse radish. Another thing that my brother told me is, when, uh, interviewing or potential, uh, people to work for the state red flags will pop up, uh, a case of time and some of the things are, uh, you're supposed to be ever ever so careful if, uh, a, uh, a, a guy who's applying to the, uh, police position was at one time a security guard, because of very dangerous people. I, they give themselves a promotion. But I know, with scrambled eggs for their half and more dangerous than a security art. So maybe the post man is, okay, listen, have a great day and may go. Bye. Thanks. Okay. How about beef harbor? 670560, palm five 60 on the 1810 Verizon wireless line. How about Charlie Farber? Could he drive one? No. No. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale home. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I want to talk to you about that dog's and a accepting effect of the time. Yeah. Does that work on hand-line? Works on your back dome as a matter of fact. Yeah. Rectum or feather? If Larry King is available, then maybe you're talking to him, uh, who you're up. Thanks, sir. Okay. Good luck you. Where you think? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the 1810 Verizon wireless line. Well, that's right. We don't have this is another one of these hours with no spots. Good. Very few. Oh, no. We're eliminating the spots. Too many eruptions. You have it. Audience to one, all those interruptions. They want to be entertained. So that's the new abysely way here. We're just not to end up with you. And looking at all the heavy baggage with you right up here. You're right, most of that damn pain in the ass sales department. But what about your losers? Get that the direct out to door? Yeah, if you're not going to have any spots where you need to tell people for. And then of course there'll be no payroll because there will be no payroll checks. Because there'll be no revenue. Five, six, seven, five, six, and then there won't be any phones story about breaking. Because we can't afford to pay the phone, but anyway, that's right. So you have to worry about fixing the phone, will you? Yeah. See, all, this is what happens when you have no spots. You don't have to worry about all these complicated things. And if we can do it, then we'll just take up a collection of paid electric bills to keep a sunny year every month. Yeah. And then maybe like a real company coming here by the radio station, that sounds excellent. And maybe pay me off. That was real good. Oh, no, no, no, no, not that. You know something. I just saw that Justin think your brother on there again on the waterfront watching here. If you really think that you're doing that, come on. You don't really believe that. Do you know what? It gives me a lot of money. And there was a blonde on it. And I remember the travel channel I was talking about. Uh-huh. Her name was Chris something. I mean, not that she's a celebrity. A young blonde in a bathing suit. I swear to God, she made Britney Spears look like what my dog leaves in the backyard every month. I'm not exaggerating. She would make every man in the world forget about Britney in a heartbeat and heartbeat. I'm serious. Blonde, young, but like really 20s, I swear to you. And this is the story. This is what TV needs to discover. God bless the travel channel. I got it. And thank God buddy, but sort of somebody with some taste. Yeah, he bought that one day and told it about a week later, you know. That's the government for me. And guess who the new chairman of the FCC is? Have you noticed that? No, I didn't notice. Well, let me give you a couple of clues. He's skinned as a long the dark side. And his daddy is the secretary of state. Really? And his last name is Powell. Yeah. So I want to start that. I was ready to have a palm movement. I was so shocked. Yeah. Powell and Powell's son is the new FCC chairman. And George Doug is going to get to a pointless like the other four more FCC commissioners. So if you think that we can say crap now, you just wait. Huh? Great. Yeah, that's right. You think they had a badman. The Navy had a badman sticking Kuwait? You just wait, mister. Because if you say crap, off, you're coming from a bomba. 560, I have no idea. I'm in Kuher today. Because it's good. Yesterday was like a good flushing out. Has then flushing Michigan, Eric Goodow. Oh, so do you think those observers on that bombing range got a bomba. I can't do that. He's a good driver. What is it? I'd rather go back to the plane. Go down. Talk about the way drivers up there. What? And who's the first Jody Jamison? How old is Jody Jamison? 25. Do I know my stuff? What? Brad the Cramer, 44. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Well, yes sir. How about, uh, from my parents, family dancer and billboard. Stanley, Dancer and Billy Hotten, arrested in peace. I know them both. They were fine gentlemen and great to drive his yes sir. That's, uh, the spot they mentioned in the main. But the only ones that I really remember when I used to go to Yachters. Well, the only ones that I've ever heard from my brain. All right. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. See, no, you go. Let's get the old blue hairs out here for some harness racing talk. What do you say? No. Just a joke. Just kidding. How much is Dick Fineberg is loving it? How you doing, Dick? And believe me, take a look at that tape. 560, 50560, 5060, 8080. I mean, what's their Buddhism, you know? Oh, hair, frances, oh hair, dandel hair, petal hair, bucky, dail, lones, how about butter? Oh, I'm a human, bud baby. How about Jake Foster, Reston peace? These people are like, it's going to be good. We're going to be talking to the town tonight around the dinner table and the mom morning around the water cooler in their office. What was that man talking about? Well, that deal. What's he talking about? That's your idea. Keep them off guard. Just start mumbling a bunch of crap. I could just be making these names up. They don't know what a henna's even made henna's see. That's right. 13 after one, they don't know what Walter Ross from the dail Ross, from Red Ross, from Rusty Range. Speaking of harness racing, what a great segue to our Pompano parks spot. We got racing for you. A simultaneous, a year, a day, seven days a week. I think it's really great on the third floor for the couple of castings. You go up there to get you a little seat or maybe you'll go up those seats by the Deorum, a little personal TV. And you can sit there and bet on high lie and harness racing and throw it by racing and just plunge your brains on. Then maybe have a little snack, a little bit of dinner and at night time make a double head or out of it. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Like we did, um, Saturday because you got, um, a simultaneous, every single day, seven days a week and live racing four nights a week. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, seven thirty a Pompano park. This Friday, March 16 and Saturday, March 17. It's the luck of the Irish weekend at Pompano park. Free prize drawings Irish Food and Drink using great dancing. Each night there will be free prize drawings to win. Friday only a trip for two to the Crystal Palace Hotel casino in Asa and Friday and Saturday. But why is this special golf bags? See this guy cruise tickets dinner for two a pompino park. 30 gallon several drink curlers and something special from QA and the choice still hasn't told them about. Well, Friday and Saturday there will be corn befin cabbage and Irish Food and her specials too. Well, that sounds good. And I think I'm going to be missing the Penguin game for that guy that's bringing the steak and shake the Marceau. I'll give my corn befin cabbage and also Friday night is the start of the $80,000 Valley Victory Trotting series. On 17 at five sixty amazingly, a book of blinds in the building. The first thing he said was Mac McCoy. I couldn't believe it. Here's Waterhill. Hello. Waterhill. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. I got some of these racing member bill. You all the names you're throwing out. I'm just wondering if I had some names here. It's a mental for most of the raceway of the top drivers. In 1953 it was called the Miracle Maro. Would you remember that? No. Okay. Henry Clokey? No. Jimmy Jordan? No. My member of the names. Yeah. Yeah. And the margins had that great horse proximity. I got a mental also when proximity retired. They have that too. And then of course, the Jimmy clues. Right. Have you fifth path? Old crews. Yeah. The old crew's control. He was great. You know what they say? Get well with them. Right. He was a catch driver actually. And Gene Vigol. The first is a Gene Rigo was great. All in Rigo. Bruce Rigo. The Ghost Rigo. Shark Juice. I can forget that. I worked for the man who owned one of the greatest drivers ever. And what was that? Neville Puy. Neville Puy. Stanley. And I were talking. Okay. Thank you sir. Second. Well, this is great for the four of us who know what they were talking about. Or is this man got a vast nose? Is this nail? It is very disturbing to me that it might advance daydream of all these things and important stuff. I have a got a freaking clue. Like mad dogs. I haven't got a clue. I don't. Ask me what I phone number. I don't know. But all this stuff, you know, from 100 years ago, I can tell you a chapter in Bruce. I can tell you what time they went to quarter to half mile three quarters. I can tell you how many likes they were head by the top of the stretch. Here's course brings. Hello. Yes sir. The two were driving the two. The one who went through the walk is way. The one who went through the walk is way. Okay. Great. Thank you. Now let's start talking to important stuff. Okay. Because we wind up actually discussing this. We won't have anybody left by the time Hank comes on at the tour. Something he would recently. And then Hank and share with you. Who's analogy about harness racing? 560, 560, 550, 550, 550, 550. 560 on the AT and T. And Verizon Wireless One. See for me, I like action. I go to the track. I don't want to sit there like the thermore. You sit there for a half an hour between races. There was no goddamn thing going on. There's no horses warming up. There's nothing. They got a few bogus of workouts in the guy damn racing form, which maybe they're right and maybe they're wrong. And maybe it was the right horse and maybe it wasn't. And you wait for half an hour. And they stick him to God damn gate. And they run for like three quarters of a mile, maybe maybe a mile if you're lucky. And then nice sit for another half an hour. I mean, go on to the third words. I got to be honest with it. It is so boring. It's like watching paint dry. It's like listening to somebody discuss watching paint dry. That's how boring going to the third word racing is. So when people ask me, like my friend Joe, a tan and bomb, which I saw in a year, part a few or years ago, how come, why was it take to get you back to a Gulf stream? I said, Joe, it's going to take a miracle. Or maybe Gary pocket and you won't get it. Well, they tried Gary pocket that didn't work. So we're waiting for the miracle, OK, Joe. Good guy, Joe. Thanks for everything, but bye bye. Bye bye. Go over there to Gulf Stream. All those blue hairs was 400 year old blue hairs hunched over the goddamn counter. Give me that three heart fish show. I'll pick a dollar that went on the nine. Yeah. Good. Here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Thank you. I'm going to talk about the cast. I want to talk about the law of Fort. I can't. Are you want to speak your phone? Yeah, I can't. Please, it sounds like crap. How's that better? A little better. OK. You're going to talk about what? I said, you were talking about cast of dogs, but you said you want to talk about more of what's what's the problem? The cast in dogs is fine. OK. I just thought he's a whole harness racing assholes calling that what he's named for my three years ago. But we want to have any audience left. OK. I have both a cast of dogs certainly more youthful. They've met our cancer and some people that are using seeing. I thought I'd be seeing too many seeing. I can't believe me. No, I don't think. I love to see that. But I did have this one category very unusual. He got to the point. He used to watch me go to the bathroom and he'd take a leak. And after a while, he started using the bathroom himself. I didn't teach him that's right. Now, I'm serious. I'm telling you, my daughter didn't believe he needed to. She came off a weekend with her mom. She was like, Daddy, he's a funny thing. And as far as I told you, this was a cast. I can't. I can't. Yes, Neil. I swear. So this is why these slides are known. Blonde is one of the cast. How does he not be in a toilet? So Neil just thought this is a lot of the very little thing. And as the cast, he's fine. Yeah, sure. I'll never fell in. You flush it for. But here's some serious messages. Situation Neil. Well, my daughter went to the with her mom on the weekend. I think I could leave the police leave the toilet seat up. No, I don't have to leave the toilet seat down again for the damn cast. But the dog in the cat got her one great. The dog's on the floor. He was a cat. She could have the cat used something into the human bag. I think I'd have the dog on the floor. Well, I also have a lady of mention that that's a fruit for thought. I'm going to go home and sit there for two lady village twelve years old. I'm going to go home and start teaching my little tiny, my little woman. It's your picture to pee in the toilet. Just sit him out. What? Now just put him up there on the lid. Put the seat down. Maybe you can get a training seat like they have for the little toddlers. Yeah. Like we all split the one. You know, not that I'd like to see him fall in the ring. 560, 750, 50, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Evan, sure. Hello. Yeah, before you shut that in the heart, if let me mention Schwarzscherley Williams. How about Louis? Yes. That's the reason. And Sherry Teeth, if you're going to do mine orders. Who's that? Sherry Teeth. Never heard of Louis Kees wife. Oh, I didn't know that. And Neil Carp. No, were these people from? They're from down here. Oh, Carp. No. How about Homer, Harp? Yeah, but Charlie Williams. Schwarzscherley Williams. Yeah. How about Schwarzscherley Williams? Okay. You like saying that word, I think? 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 80, 80, and Verizon Wireless Line. Wow. How about Wayne Temple? How about Glenn Quick? What are you laughing about? These are real people. I'm sure. Even when Marty Adler called that day from Winter Raceway, and I'm going to Gordon and Fraser Jr., he said, who and Marty Adler has been called to Waste Up There at Windsor for about 100 years. Some of me even write, and I just got Marty to go. But I mean, when I could stump Marty Adler, I knew that I'm the expert man. I'm the expert in the purvert. Make it almost like a bother. Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing? Oh. No. Oh. Look at that. And stick it. Okay, Tom, nice sharing from us. I thought Tom Hopkins was the country. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, on the AT&T, Verizon Wireless Line. Was that the muff? That was just you and the voice. I think that was muff on the phone right. Oh, yeah. Sounded like muff to me. Yeah, we got a little girl from program director. Don't hate you. muff. I want a little girl. How do you grind? How do you find out about Channel 10? How do you find out? It's a lawsuit. It's a fight, Greg. Maybe we can take some butcher pills for muff. Do you think so? Well, let's see who we can get one of those snake rolls cells. We've been sending some of butcher pills for our program directors. We don't have to call them muff anymore. Here's a lady in Wellington. Hello. Okay. Hello. It's good. I love cats. Yeah. What? Oh, I got a treat. That's good. That's great. Some of somebody playing back at tape or I like the effect. I think the recorder was in the toilet. Speaking of having the lid down. Yeah, at least pull a lid up. Okay. If you're going to play tapes in the toilet and put them on the phone. Really good stuff. Oh, that's right. We don't have to. This is excellent. This is absolutely true, Greg. This is how? Yeah. Sure. No stress. You know, I don't see one of the things if I have one feeling I talk too fast. Why do I talk too fast all the time? Like I'm rushed because I'm rushed because if I didn't talk too fast, we wouldn't have any goddamn show here. Since Guru A and the side of the world want like 80 minutes of spots an hour, but now we don't have any spots because we're in a goddamn depression. So pretty soon we won't have any money and they won't be able to pay Book of Brian at all. Not that we paid a many times recently. They haven't paid them in three months. You want them to why? Did they have the money? Oh, first not. They haven't got any money. Book of Brian hasn't gotten paid in three months. What are we going to do about that? He's going to stay on hold marlinus and I record that funny. You're stuck at the records. And then that one guy that hates it like poison won't have anything to bitch and really like what you're saying about. You see it's like a chain reaction. It's like a fat stomata work effect here. Yeah. So what tell what we do about that? Q partial and Dr. John Hayes. 560560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Nothing to be finer than a day in Lima, Ohio. Hey, what was the job? John Marston here's home town, George. Kindly or Ohio. I was just going to say that. I knew you were. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, New York. Pretty good. Hey, new listener, new caller moved in from Cleveland about four weeks ago. Oh, I'm sorry. Listen, my best advice is don't unpack my friend. Don't unpack. You'll be so sorry. You made a bad mistake. I know. I know. I'm thinking it every day. Two questions for you since I don't know the tough for the history with you. Number one is why haven't you ever been syndicated in number two? What do you mean when the Alondale caller's calling, you say, that's something that wasn't perfect to live? Because we're hoping for the opposite. That's why. Because you're an asshole. He's an asshole. He's a crusty old fart who's nothing but a cramudgeon. He's a scumbag. He's a piece of turd. OK. And what was the first question about the law? Why don't you open syndicated, buddy? OK. My lawyer is a group of all who spends instead of war, worry about syndicating me. Your Roger show. He spends time talking about having people who brought way plays about their about my life for some scum stick. I'm scared of crap. My lawyer is a silly person. That's all. I heard I don't have a mouth. I was reading an affords magazine or somewhere that people like Stern and I must make about 20 million years. Sure. Sure. Absolutely. Wow. Wow. Wrong business. Great. They don't have to worry about having a crappy stock broker. OK. Welcome to Florida, pal. Thank you, buddy. Don't unpack. I'm going to have a $5.60 pound $5.60 on the $1.80 in Verizon wireless lines. Several open lines here. Several openings. They're waiting. Tomorrow's big stake in shake day. Well, that's going to be good. Don't let me forget. I don't know. I might not understand. I don't know. I don't know. I might not understand. I don't know. Don't forget to bring in those pennland path tickets. And what about the deal here with the thing? Let me just check it one more time. To see if there's really anything going on. Let me first check Wall Street. We have a green green there. The Dow actually turned around and is up five. Wow. Is up four. See if when I see it in the next next up 56.66. Turn it off right away, dummy. Let's see. 207. 207 ESPN news. Let's see the crawl on the bottom. Any, any, any, any, any big news. Any moment is trade. Any big deals. Panthers making any move. Any movement. No. No. Nothing going on. See, that's the support. I mean, they give you the big build up. And then score score. That's it. That's the end. 29 after one is five. 60 W to Q a m. I can't you. I can't you. Congratulations. Get a light. Howly was for the Torio. Where my camper Dutchman presents the new Rogers review. Like stars, Thunderdick, Strabbit, and the featuring all your favorite new Rogers players. Two whole hours of course. Very nice and soft. Like the great color melody. Howles on dial upon theoekall. 2 2 3 4. And this is the first time I've done rooting foreler. I'll tell you domination of the loop. E x T A AD Laer theFly we  Let's go! That's it. That's it, well, how you all know, David. So, I thought you were the earth, but you were the Lord. Oh, I don't know about you all, everybody. I can't even feel like I'm the perfect subject any addict's choice. The other popular neglect will balance the whole of Dusson on his feet. Oh, I can't believe it. Hello, hello. And tell it. Try to keep it down with a crew of the bullies and sir. Hello, hi, hi. And hi, boy. Good afternoon, my dear. What the fuck? Yeah, you're wondering what it's all for. When you spend the evening of that good night's debut, but the old Rogers were you. Oh, God. You get the handle for that, though. Better, no, no, no, no. They're catching you. There you go. I've got no idea what I'm working on, and I'll bet. How about Mark Rizmour? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. We're covering all the bases today, boy. We've covered from AT&T and everything in between. I think today's this is it, boy. Any anything you ever wanted to hear about. Art Varks, Zebra's, Kitty Cance, dead dogs. Here's the mobile and homestead, hello. Here you go. Yes, sir. What do you think of the rest in this whole earth? Let's go to a pop-in-o, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. I need help with my BS. Yeah, okay. Okay, one call up in that, sir. Here's the mobile and del Rey, hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. I've been for five years, sir. I've been for five over the weekend, and it's something that I've seen before, a dog wearing loose in the back of a pickup truck. I hate it. I can't stand it. I hate those people. I was people ought to be shot with their own shotgun. Well, the worst part of my cousin writing and my grave on the buck sheet. Right, we were gonna get left because of this. You know, okay, well, sir, they must have, I haven't had the experience, must have had some mystical thing on your phone because it's crap-out. But have a nice life. Okay, 560, 560. Let's get this thing started. Again, here, we got 25 minutes to go. Can we do it? Oh, no. And see, there are excuses to me. Why don't you talk it all? Slowly, buggy horse names. Why don't you know what? Too bad. It's pretty goddamn entertaining. Beer and teed. To most entertaining thing going on this town right now, by far, by a million miles, by a country trillion miles, make no mistake about it. Okay, just ask me, obitone. Even the shparts is everything with. Here's a call in Bokeh, hello. Yes, sir. Ah, was listening to your show today, must be nothing happening out there. Yeah. I was wondering, would you any comments about Riley sending the two boys home that showed up later? Sure, this is the sports show. We didn't talk about the NBA. Well, I thought it was entertainment. I didn't know it was sports. The heat. No, no, it is not entertainment. That's why nobody goes to see it. That's right, exactly. Okay, thank you. No. Call off one of those sports, sir, I heard I'm talking about that this morning. I'm sure that the rest of the day, they'll be talking about that some too. Nobody here cares about that, about sports or ball. Okay, about freak ball. We don't care about it. It's crap. 560, 750, 50, how's our survey coming? Which of these areas in South Florida is the most plastic, plastic underlying in italics in dark blacks, pickin' as far as just the answer is, South Beach, 187 out of 382 votes so far. 187, almost 50%. Boca is the only contender, 140, 36.6%, way back to the Gables with 24 call springs with 22, and coconut growth has a measly behind votes. How do you like that? So it's strictly a two-hospital South Beach and Boca and the South Beach seems to be running, hands down your pants. Are you still right in dooster phones? Would a lot of jewelry and a lot of whatever. Any street people are on South Beach? No, two a tree. The girls need. Oh, and there was a thing in the yesterday's paper that I forgot to mention about the bloomers off the roads or maybe it's in the swanish paper. And that South Beach a lot of the kids and I go over the clubs. Since they kept all the young people the 18-21 year-old off the beach made a nice move there. So when you have young people from 18 on up, it gives the impression that this is happening trendy hot place. And when they start making all these restrictions, well, guess what? Then the people start growing what they want to feel less restricted, like what across the bay there and do what Miami? Or does all kinds of clubs that are open like till the hours of the morning and more and more than a young people are growing too? And of course, when you read that article and you stop to think of the repercussions of that, because South Beach basically is based on being the trendy spot. Well, you do understand what trendy means. Trendy means like, temporary as in right now. All the plastic, all the movie stars, all the celebrities, all the wannabes, all the people are running around from one of these clubs to the other making sure that everybody sees them. Well, guess what? Miami Beach today and someplace else tomorrow. So what's going to happen when the blue mish-off the rose and all those clubs are closed? All the old people move back. And everybody starts getting the hose. Huh? I mean, I'll even go into our phone. See, you're not your step on a migraine material. You're stepping on my phone. What'd you say? Hose. So, anyway. Ha ha ha ha ha. And seriously, then they're going to say, that Barbara Kappett, man, maybe she didn't have the L.O. teeth after all. Maybe she was wrong about, you know, Virginia Beach, I don't need gambling or whatever else you were saying. And all we need is our treco. Because once all of that plastic crap of a fade to wait on it, then what are we going to do? Then they'll all go over wherever else whatever becomes hot next. And then, you know, how the fags are, we go for the, the game, borrow last about five weeks. You know, that's it. Because then we get tired of it. We have about RC-40 trendy, you know. So then what'll it be down there? Retirees. Then we'll bring the old, we'll bring the old Cubans down there. We'll bring the old green tooth people down there. Put that up south beach to the dog, the kennel club back down there. Turn up pub. Domino park east. Yeah. That's domino. We're in a fast domino with the dog track down there. It doesn't mind me beach kennel club. Oh, no shorts is a lot. I'm sorry. Well, we'll play some of his music on the P.A. anyway. Play some Pat Boone record. He was on dot. Yeah, I see. I see. I'll go combine bread in a small. I'll be like. Very snazzy. Instead of stupid ninigas, he was bringing in. He's he's person is on CDs and he's got the dot labor on there. Which I bet your Pat Boone is jealous about that. And Billy Vaughn too as in Taylor Longs, Liberty Moon. Well, I take in my memories. I tell you yesterday. Maybe it was the episode with CNN dog get off right in front of me there. I'm sunrise. I'm on the mark, which that was a terrible thing. Maybe it was making a big comeback at the track last night. Maybe it was losing those billions of dollars on a market in paper. Of course, on the yesterday. Whatever it was. Think it was your in that story about the rumors in the psychic and Jeff crying on the couch. Yeah, ask you why. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How about Merritt Dokey? Here's the Fort Waterdale. Hello. We're gonna be in the morning. Tony voice. That's not a phone. Is this where we have voice? Okay. Yeah. I'll send you a look. You're from New York. Yeah, I just came down. Yeah. That's probably what I'm doing. Yeah, that's wonderful. Definitely a phone. It's not. It's a phone. It's a phone. I want to give you a big kiss though. I want a kiss. Yeah, kiss this. For any voice. Here's Grohl Gables. Oh, great. I got a follow-up. Yeah. We like to make it easy for you. Oh, yeah. Hey, listen. We're going quickly. Not much. Yeah, mom is not choosing to buy something in your heart. It's a bit of a... Oh, yeah. I had a lot to do with that, yeah. Well, I guess you helped it a little bit. No, I did not. No, I had no attention to me. Okay. Listen, mom. But our mayor, our crazy Joe says, you want to move up. This game Boulevard to 200 feet or something to the east of the Bayer. Something like that for the New City and Park West. Yeah. I've got a better set of pro crazy Joe there. How about if they take Miami, Banana, and County, and move it where it should belong? That's not even a stop. What do you think about that? Okay, great. Have a nice day, pal. We've had a real good show here today. We're having a lot of fun. Just keep it in light. Not getting all whipped up into a friend you would have seen. Old tired Bullkeff. See, I hate to break the news to you, sir. But a lot of us who lived down here were tired of all that old crap. You know, we're we're tired of it. We don't care anymore about crazy Joe and about Mayor Pinga, Picania. And we, you know, enough of the net already. If you want to dittle around and dick with that the rest of your life, be my guest. Yeah. Well, we're, we're, we're going to enjoy life. Nobody cares about this garbage. But this, and this just repetition is swear, you know, There are a lot of repetition. That's what this time. Yeah, feeds on. They're yanking it. What, what am I smelling? And see put my nail polish in there again or something? Burped a kind of burped that I don't even know about. What is that? He's like, put on your collar. You know, all of a sudden we move on and it's had or something like that. I think it's the grep's though that you snow. He actually grepsed. Like that? No, not like that. There was not. There's something in here that stinks like, well, I may be Todd's wreckage back in the building. Because it smells like direct. 5, 6, 7, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0. Now, I'm going to see him. Why does it say Baltimore under again? We don't have a, huh, another fake call from Baltimore. Hello. No, not a fake call at all. How could we have two calls in one day from Baltimore? No, I didn't hear the other one. No, actually, you're a daughter. Here's the double whammy. Oh, man. Cleveland moved to four mires. How's that one? You did what? I'm grouping Cleveland moved to four mires. Yeah. That's the double whammy. Right. They bought them more here. Because I just moved out of four mires back to Baltimore. All right. Congratulations. You're right in the rounds. What clothes are one comes around? The only thing about the only thing we do, Mr. about the South Florida's show. I mean, you're not missing that much anyway, because four mires just cut it down to two hours a day anyway. And they're looking for other credit put on it. If they can sell a dollar a holiday, they take, you know, also off Hank off whatever. So you're not going to hear it there anyway. Yeah, I heard that guy called us in the case. And he got the internet. Two to the end. Listen. That's right. You have one of the few. Okay. So I think it's. Okay. Next one. Okay. Right. So I think. Okay. Okay. So. Okay. Ok. So. So. So. So. So. Okay. So. So. So. It's not like booze. It's a smell of Bob removed. Oh, and Bob removed by the way, say, says, next winter is way a little burgers peat. 144, 560 QAM. God, you're breath, beautiful. Near which may open the morning. In the night, my deep feet are sharp. Wearing my skin shoes. I'mching on their bone, I have it. We're doing a lot of my dial. So, I'm here. I'm gonna put my roll to the back. You know, that's me. Oh, yeah, for luck, really. You know, you're here. I have to put my roll to the back. You know, you're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. It works the lotion in the basket. Yeah, we know. 148 is 560 WQM. Happy Tuesday, too. Well, I just, I don't know what it is. Maybe it's only me calling me crazy. But I just have this feeling that the human race is turned according to the, I feel like something's again in it. Like maybe the BN that I'm trying to, was still off tilt to a clock. Some, well, my disadvantage is about to take place. Something good. Like maybe lunch for somebody, lunch for me and mommy's. And lunch for somebody to build it because that's a Roma. I was like somebody's making spaghetti sauce or something. Well, like maybe there's, right, look out in the hallway. I bet you there's food out there. I smell a tiny and food. Believe me, I know my sauce. Now, what is that pony tail wanted? What? You have to be able spots for being taped today. Yeah, as we speak. Right. And he wanted you to make a cameo so that your beautiful post could be on the spot. Like it was the last time. Yeah. Which, of course, they take during an appearance, which made a lot of sense. I'll think about it. Is Tanner going to be naked in the shower there? I'll think about it. What is it? See, what? Look, look, do I have a nose for food? And you wonder why I'm fat? No, I don't know. From the moment that that stuff arrived out there, I said, I stare like it because we're as many yards away from wherever that is. And plus we went on, I'm inside like in close studio with another studio where they go, I can't believe it. I just can't believe it. But I can smell all the way from out there to here. Of course, actually what happened is it's really coming through the vents, not through the doors. Oh, smells really good. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm the subject of the dog to Catherine all that. Yeah. I just wanted to let you know. I have a female black lab with six confirmed kills within the confines of our own yards. You was not running loose. And perhaps I'll get her head. Yeah. Thanks a lot, Bill. Okay. What do you say? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And for Ryan's Amarlos line. You know, after I had this gigantic bomb movement, it took like, I'm really going to feel good. No, no, no, it's just like getting the last messages of something evil out of your system. Like, she's going to leave her, you know, an alien. Something horrendous is going to come pop in our right thing. Yeah. Maybe it's going to be like, many muffs. Here's a mobile in Cooper City, hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay. Happy boy to anniversary. Thanks. And real quick, a cat story. I've done a dog personal on my life. And, you know, just my wife brings home this cow one day. I don't know anything about the animal. Right. So, you know, one day this cat's rubbing against my leg and, you know, my wife's going, oh, you know, let's put the cat's going. So, next, you know, if biting a hump got in my leg, on the way to do that, because oh, it's hungry. Didn't feed it back. It was biting a hunk. Yeah, he's running hunk, or anything. I've done it. So then the next morning, it's, look at my hand and my wife's going, oh, look, it's looking your hand. And again, bites my hand. I go, why do you do that? Because while I'm not going to bite into a dirty hand. Yeah. Because you're not feeding it fast enough. Yeah, you know what else does that? You know, nothing to rub, but a bruise do that too. Like if you get a parrot or a perky, it's no big deal. That'll bite you. So, you know, if I go to the fire station one day and there's two little kittens there, and a fireman are feeding it, and all that, and it's cold out. And the next morning, you know, I get a some of my car and I hear up the bed. And I want to know what the hell was that? So, next thing you know, well, I'm not thinking anything of it, but guys are running out. And the next thing you know, there's a dead kitten underneath where I had my cat on. It was on that of shame. Oh, my gosh. What a bad break. So, we're thinking of doing it for a little while. The only thing, you know, they say you don't like good cat to dead cat. Because I have a coffee set. I guess the message there is payback is a bitch, huh? Oh, all right. Now, I have a good day. Okay, thanks. I guess my phone fee button, you know, more. 560560, palm 560. What now? What exactly is out there? Because it smells just, I mean, overpowering. Overpowering. What is it? Pasta and sausage. Pasta and sausage? Who's it for? I was probably for Hank in the Crown. Oh, Hank's not here today. They probably ordered it. Who's day? They, the people, our kids were there. Or some other colleagues. The little boy, quarterback, like Stugaz and Mark Eisenberg and those guys. Chicken spaghetti. Chicken and spaghetti? Good stuff. And say, see what teaching? He's learning how to get to free food. Nice going. Now, what is your question? What? Kitten? Kitten. Kitten? Kitten? Kitten? Former president? Kitten? No, what? I don't know. I guess Hank's got all these, why? Can't get a call anybody by the real name. Here's Quitten. Yeah, Quitten. Say I can't ever understand what Hank is saying. You know, if he, you know, you know, we know you are. Look how redden the pussy is, man. Stugaz. Look at that. It's a 10. No, it's not a 10. Looks like a melanoma. Seriously. I've never seen anybody. See, he doesn't have a complexion for that much sun. When you go on the sun, you start turning red. There's a message there. The Lord is trying to send you a message. You don't belong out here, son. Now, too much sun be bad. Even though this is the Tanner Building. 560, 560, palm 560. Don't you think he looks out too red? Don't you get worried about people that he let it for what? Prime time? No. He's going to be like, you know, he's going to be like, you know, he's going to be like, you let it for what? Prime time? And he's still not belong on here. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, Nito. I'm one of your five honest people. Yes, sir. And I got a really toxic memory. I've been in and out of the car. Hey, you've been listening today. You heard a memory that's pretty damn good up to. I've been in and out. I've heard a few, but I'll tell you. I got a piece to open. This is really goes back to the house. How are you? How are you? I'm in race. I'm in rescue. I've John DeHorek. Never heard of either one of my heard of right active or wreck. Yeah, it was kind of John. Well, what was that? What track was that from? That was pumping on the early 70s. And the Louis Williams was just a kid. I wasn't, I wasn't there. I wasn't there. I wasn't there. So, beaters was around. You remember Bill Beatle? He was father. Bill Beaters from a Michigan. He had a horse. A tractor called Noble Boy. I remember winning two dead heat to the wrong. Noble Boy. It was a tremendous, he was a good driver, Bill Beaters. He was. He was. He was so crooked that when he died, that had a screw in the ground. But other than he was a piece in horsemen. Okay. All right, Neal, have a good day. And you too. I like that. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And well, he's dead. I'm not gonna tell you. I mean, you know, he was got a cash blood tickets on dollars, or a dearest. Good man. Mike, you know, good guy. But sometimes the talent skips the generation, you know what I'm saying? How about Gene Sears? Great old man. He was a he did. He was a great driver. Pomp and a park for years. Gene Sears. He was fantastic. And then Jay Sears has son. Who's everybody's good friend out there. Pomp. He, it skips the generation. Jay was, you know, he tried for a while. And then, but he, I'm a race of the J win. One or two something like that. I mean, about 20 years. And then, Jay son Brian is great. Not to mention how good he looks. But Brian, cheers up there to me. What are the top? I bet you Brian serves as on your list. Or do you get rid of it already? Do you get rid of your list? Oh, yeah. We'll do it again tomorrow. Or maybe not. 560, 50560, pound 560. It's true. It skips the generation just. I don't know what that's all about. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neal. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I leave the country for about 3 1.5 years because I was, my job transfer me out of the country. And I come back and you're not an ROD. And where the hell's the open? And what's going on? What does that mean? What, what, what happened to line? What line was ROD? I still have a, I still have a, I still have a, I still have a, is it California? He's syndicated. Oh, really? Yeah. How, if you're doing well though? I mean, if you get married, you know, anything about his personal life? Yeah, he got married. Oh, he did? Are you waiting a book or why? No, no, no. No, no, no. I'm sorry. You guys, when I was 10 years in college, I was going to, He's doing fine. He's not here any, he's doing fine. He's busy bed mounting me on a show, but he's doing fine. Well, it's good to hear you, Neal. And I'm glad I caught you on what is it? Yes, sir. What, what do you mean? What is this? This is the only station that makes any sense anymore. Oh, is it? Right. And we're much with change. At least, at least for 4 hours a day anyway. Okay. Welcome back. Thank you. Okay. And out of here. 5, what? I'll look like you bought to give me some very important information, like, you know, like Bill D. This was making a comeback. How about Ted Taylor? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 6, how about Tommy Win? There you go. Is that a great name for somebody involved in horse racing and gambling? Win. Tommy Win. What was he of thief? And then, of course, there was no pleasure speaking of that. We want you to come in here, pick up your papers and ship out today, Mr. Peter. Okay. And take the 40,000 year one last night and get out of here. Here's a mobile and pepper park, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good, sir. Okay. It's just cruising through Hollywood and the one past that hell Maryhouse. What the hell is the birthday party? Oh, today is the day you're right at home. Thank you for reminding me right before the end. It is the 13th year, right? Oh, my God. They got half the street closed off. They went let me through. I had to go and remove the red blocks by some of the dry through. I get to the bank. Well, be sure and give the Virgin Mary a big, uh, how do you do for us? Oh, I gave her a, a personalizing finger and told them when I get my holiday, they can have theirs. Okay. So I figured we'd be here, but I just wanted you to know about that. Thanks for the good, and thanks for the memories. And listen, it's been. Alright, alright. Alright. Well, how do you want to hate the Virgin Mary or some version? Now the 12th depends on you. And the powers you go there. Thank you, baby. Please, please, please.