Oh, I was thinking to really touch people. So last night I'm watching Swheela Fortune and the puzzle was Robert Blake is Baretta And so they inserted Pat Sayjack comes on and they hand certain this thing for like five seconds where it comes on and says This program was taped April second the two weeks before the tragic death of Robert Blake's wife That he may or may not have murdered when that would not touch him So speaking of orange Julius Well, I haven't thought about that in a cool age, you know orange Julius don't you love orange Julius? Okay, do they still make it? I haven't seen an orange Julius in ever so well, they gotta be orange Julius stands still around this audience would know I guarantee they don't know too much, but that's something that they might have there a lip on Orange Julius Big balls of course, I don't go in a big mouth. They don't have it at the they ever had the saw grass They do have that water we hogging those ice cream. They don't have I don't think they have orange Julius But like in day land they always had and if you've been in day land like in last 20 years, no, no, I mean either How about in heaven sure said nothing we did Ben and Jerry there remember that yeah, I did not have an adventure Oh lately I don't I've never seen one there I haven't seen one in years Or I'm sure these oh Good stuff Pure sugar. I mean not good for diet better certainly not good for me, but you know a lot of people calling probably good life Well, maybe somebody on here know hello Orange Julius life Flavor All the Americas All of the Americans yeah, that's the only one in Miami no traveling. They sucky Well, that's the only one to have all flowers Okay, which is grouches grouches later. Thank you later So I do like that that's the only one in Miami. I wonder what about brown They we get a brown on you just report. Let's go to five or somebody's seven's right now. I'm gonna get a big thing a Big blender. I love the way they make that stuff too. Don't you? They put all of that mung in the blender and then you shake it all up. It's like shibber and it's like we're all full me Yes, like liquid sherbet's like all full me and everything. Oh, I got bad news for a Victor Kai. I am his dead. He died. Yeah Remember Victor Kai and we're all what did it cross square mollus got orange Julius This is an important goddamn show for those you the tractors out there. We have important crap for you folks We're also in America. Would you be talking about orange Julius right out of the box is boy and only because then that bit They were talking about a blanket is running orange Julius stand in the pokeeps here somewhere in Australia Well, let's go to Australia and suck some down and some orange Julius too Cool square moll and the moll of the Americas no see-obbling glazed The paid mom with the other I don't care be as hot those you want to you Robert spine back. I just want to tell you that he's an asshole I'm gonna get into his column in a couple of minutes here. What a jerk. What a professional spook man I just can't get over this guy. Oh, by the way. There's a group I told you this book Have you ever heard that song the acama hotel? No, that's a great song. Have you heard any music that other than Limbiscuit? Well, I don't go to Europe this often is some people do yeah So I'm the resort here in order here music you have to go to Europe I guess I'm right thinking we're listening to KPX or something like that because they don't play any music man I don't even have any videos in the music in this town blows anyway. There's a group called spooks Okay, and they're very good as a matter of fact, and they have a song called the karma hotel which is great Don't you with Hulk Hogan 14 at 5.60 W. You have pepper flakes well next to dairy queen. There's an orange Julius going to a fact that just came in How do you like this? Well pretty heavy do the information. Oh, yes me Of course I like the original orange, but they do have it also in pineapple Which is good and strawberry instant dive like I said I do like strawberry I can't have it, but I want it you know like Ben and Jerry's like fish food. I was the one and guy was promoting yesterday Packer tracks almost tracks Remember that public's most tracks. You're trying that yet. Oh, no, I want to see this from nice soup So you don't want to sound like I'm complaining because when you're getting free food all the time you shouldn't be complaining Because why do you folks you know have to pay for your meals which we feel bad for you? But the bad part of it is when is crappy neighborhood here in little Jamaica and they do have good weed here But they have crappy food which is a bad combination because if you're gonna have good weed You want to have some good food. Oh, no, no, no, you think that they would know that and answer them But they haven't learned that yet. And great weed but bad food Which is I guess why I have a kernel doing such good business there? Yeah, they're lined up heavy duty if the kernel McDonald's not so much Not so much they're a little nervous about the meat over there So if you're gonna go over here, let me just suggest the very cautious about the meat that you put in your mouth Just a little word of wisdom from my yours truly and also don't forget about that fecal contamination Left over from yesterday good thing you don't get anything from Stephen So anyway Yeah, they're done by the docs Here's a great letter to the editor in the sun settled today for a Macay who's obviously got a tremendous sense of humor before we get back to one juilliest and diri queen Diaz ballard doesn't deserve FI you honor this guy John London the Hollywood this guy's a panic You ought to be right in material for us The recent action by FI you name it's law school after Rafael Diaz ballard is a slap in the face of democracy Mr Diaz ballard was the leader of the oppressive Cuban House of Representatives during the Vatita dictatorship Which ruled Cuba before Castro take over in 1959 the wealthy political families who supported the Vatita dictatorship moved to Miami And now control Cuban exile politics to their mostly Republican elected officials. Okay, I interrupt myself and just mention in passing The article about The meat you have parades junior Tee he dates school boards parades and died at our right for our claim But anyway we'll get back to that getting back to the letter from John London he says here and here comes the amusing part Hopefully the vast majority of younger Cuban Americans who understand the values of democracy will someday We jack the Batista error control of their community Long way to do this is to support democratic Janet Reno for governor Florida The John London to Hollywood I said ought to be right in material for Leno and Letterman and all these things wow What a panic this guy So that inspired me to do our poll today how that poll from yesterday come on a landslide Who were the biggest comebacks which of these families was the biggest comeback family the bushes the Kennedy's the Clinton's Iraqis Fellows of the Roosevelt no contest 835 votes the bushes won hands down your pants 484 58% And probably of those 58% most of more busy buying gas just before they went to their computer and voted on this thing For about 20 bucks a gallon But Kennedy's 156 only 18 and a half percent Clinton's 153 18.2 percent rocker follows 37 and 4.4 percent of the Roosevelt's only five because we don't have time to go far anymore Point five percent now nobody didn't like the Roosevelt which is not true they hated they either loved the Roosevelt or they hated them Especially after the R Teddy though he was okay just ask the Indians and the fellow pianos anyway Demetriole Perez indebted on rent fraud claims a Miami federal grant here we on Tuesday and dead in Veterans School board member Demetriole Perez Junir on 21 counts of mail fraud and making false statements and Lebts community fraud two low-income tenants in one of his little Havana property Oh Perez a millionaire landowner who owns the private Lincoln marquee school Is accused of overcharging the tenants on their monthly rents which are subsidized by a federal housing program To take advantage of these poor people as a grieges said he was the attorney guy Lewis The defendant he frauded recipients of a program designed to provide a decent living for low-income people If convicted Perez could face up to 105 years in prison and five point two million dollars in fine How do you like that Speaking of those are right wing of the Tista like that crowd They've a Tista mafia as some folks call it Hey, with this thing with John Henry in the Corolla slightly more forgetting into his nobody cares Nobody cares just like I'm talking about Dave Van Horton how boring is there won't be any calls about that They don't even know who that is and I was only listening by accident because I haven't been the call last night Cliff Lord hits all money under like about as much excitement as if somebody just farted in the back of the back of the last last excitement I mean so keep that guy in the ass Dave and horn. We'll look at a call on it Here's our poll questions in the on the awagies.com If the election is for Florida governor were held today, who would you vote for? Do you have bush? Janet Reno or neither of the above You might even want to get a third choice Well, I don't think there I don't think there is a third. I mean there will be some other minor party. There'll be like you know But in the after-adchoice This is assuming the Janet Reno will be the Democratic candidate which course will be they're not really serious about that Hey, they ran another dead man. They ran buddy McCay Well, he was the vice governor. I argue in fact I'm surprised that they pop a walking lawn The idea he coon profit back up in a chair and run him again. He would have had a better chance than buddy McCay At least lot might have looked a little bit alive, you know. Yeah, they're Democrats. Their famous for running the dead candidates And why the hell should a Republican video only when after running Bob Dull with his limp hand and his limp thing Jeff Bush, Jan or Reno or neither of you about that's your choice if the governor is election will be in held right now this moment Just just out of curiosity because they're here around that pull a couple of days ago and try to make it appear to the jan or Reno What I actually have a choice and on this guy writes a letter to the editor suggesting that the young Cuban should vote for Jan or Reno It's a way to learn now. Yeah, I think there'd be a whole bunch of Cuban Americans voting for Jan or Reno if you how many you think? eight yeah Maybe I think we're exaggerating by about 700 percent there Well, we'd find one we'll find one that he paid no vote for Oh, she Cuban Are you starting out on that sandy painting a dark stuff again just because she was tied with an bishop in her money? Yes, oh Next you'd be talking about quite a lot of the eating ass. Let me tell you again in case you guys to show yesterday all you kids out there is done cherry would say don't be eating ass You're much natural fallout Happened white lottery. I'll used to be good up standing guy. You said big numbers are in childhood news And then all of a sudden they accidentally put that thing on here are good friend the guild not so bright And I know my 25th anniversary on the air and all of a sudden white mustache started falling out It looks about 150 years old. Look how much does old is poker Brian, but not quite well he looks So what is he trying to do? Is he trying to do look now the new senior citizen? Oh, and he looks better than he ever has You're encouraging him on it. He thought he looked better when he was fat with black crap that is here Yeah, all dishes. Yeah, look better. Yeah Better than he made she hated like a like a chicken He's got that chicken neck And his hair is uh, and all I mean to go from one day to have black hair to be totally gray the next day's a little bit shocking Maybe a lot where I am you know off something like that you're responsible for it Here's our first call today in Bokeh, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, how you doing today? Okay, so far Good first time call. Listen. I missed half your show yesterday I bought the first hour and I know you guys are talking about Rick's fanchez Very briefly, yeah, I know you don't like talking about him, but I mean he's gone I know that much what's there to talk about? He was on Zeta When you want vacation. Yeah, do a lot Zeta was kissing his you know what yeah, and they were they were saying how He's a bad guy in town and they couldn't believe he would leave in and It was it was quite interesting He's so fast that he'll go with suck at his ass You know it and you end up all Well, let me ask you what's wrong with you. I'm wrong now God me. I don't know. I don't think he's still young Okay, well listen thanks for the good news That was pretty exciting. That was almost excited yesterday's first call the guy was told me where to spend my airline money And I should be flying K. L. Northwest and spend in seven grand a sitting business class because it would impress him very much 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and teen Verizon world is lunch. I'm gonna give this Robert Steinberg call in a moment Because this guy really pisses me off Robert Steinberg even I have some rights in a hero Here's Hollywood. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I know how you doing okay? Let me ask you do you know who Dave Van Horn is? Yeah He's been there were not sure with the Maryland and what do you think him? We all I didn't think he was Not too bad. I think you have a point there or same thing with boo there. I think that boom Yeah, who Bradley yeah, no, I think that Jo angle right just like you. I just Jo angle and they they really stuck at him. I just think in an event did three and I got a Johnny angle reason I call this the blacksmith as this Nihias can the summation of the huckage game They made a comment there. I'm more into baseball and other stuff But you know every store of the night look at it. She was going on And they were mentioning the score where they got the you know five nuts in the 94 now of a sudden It's a two-one game Pretty low scoring what is that mean well they mentioned the fact that This Bigger the island there's have a trapflaker whatever it is the islanders are the islanders playing in a stand-up find out not the islanders the Like who is it? Jersey Jersey But the Jersey the plate the Denver last night Jersey and Denver, yeah Well, I need that the reason I called I was curious just do they don't know about a walk you I think Colorado Rockies and they were talking about the fact that they used this We're happy to just end their ambulance So if they're able to do that What is actually what are you talking about what in goddamn blueberry animal? We're talking about orange judious This guy's talking to me a trying to go about he has to be in radio well, how could you put him on the air? This guy was ordered in the fuselage In fact that must have been virtual kiam it's not in the sun yeah Just approved that he even though he died he still got a little something left in him not too much obviously Jesus God call up under the sports shows okay at least it's different when talking about how come they fired bullby Five to hear that one more goddamn time on his station. Gonna puked my guts out The trends will be out at 230 which means tomorrow morning will have all these numbers in the latest rating trend And now the big pressure is on the morning guys Because now it'll be the first evidence of whether it was really you know Mark Eisenberg is gonna put them over the top or was really Pat the son of the scapegoat because if they should buy some chance go down a little bit Oh my god, who they got to blame then who's your rose gonna blame then who's gonna be the scapegoat if they should go down a little bit again Not for they have too much room to go down much more, but if they should just buy you know some chance Who they got to be blaming them probably Mark Eisenberg Well, there's the great Reaper not the way I heard them sucking his ass this morning about the great free food he got in here And the guilty was sucking along and given out full numbers and you know, maybe we ought to do more that We just don't plug our food people off like we you know They're just aren't any good food people. I mean other than we got our food. I shouldn't say it that way Man I'm talking about different like you like soup. We don't have any place with you in a nice bowl of soup Yeah, I mean those days are gone the I OD days will work over there on a causeway And we had every kind of food under the sun we had some young guy and some old guy like one of just called in Well, that was good. That was a great great call My And you wonder what they'll let's all about whether there's nobody going to these vulgans in those sports fans in his town But yes there gets 75 different calls from people coming about Brian Murray got a job Does anybody still work here? Oh, is anybody give a flying crap about Brian Murray? Oh, does anybody know whether they're gonna finally sell this team here? Oh, is anybody care? No, no But because they're one dimensional they want to keep pocket away with would be m and t m and b And you know too much b m from this town. That's one of the problems. I'll have last guy think he could use one He was special On ESPN radio God feel like we'll get all my flim back in I just for the first day in weeks I finally feel like it's all gone now and after hearing his voice I feel like it's making it come back I've got a crocky coming up a big one. In fact, I'm curious. I think we'll bring a lot of good mucus one Boy, all this is good is like a shopping mall. We're bringing a lot of good mucus He's an asshole. Yeah, he sure is anyway church state will say stands. That's a good news court to climb three view order against commandments display Of course there were three justices who decided that that was a good idea They wanted the review, but it takes four to reduce the case. So it's the only three guests with the three were Chief justice William. It's a lie. I'm not a Nazi renquest And just this is Anthony Scalia and clearance IV at token Thomas Anyway, sharply divided Supreme Court refused yesterday to hear an Indian in case or whether it is play of the 10 commandment outside the city hall violates the principle of separation of church and state The court declined to hear the appeal city official from Elkard in the Anna who had lost the church state fight in a lower court Although the court's denial of review sets no precedent It does leave in place the decision by the 70 West Circuit Court of Appeals which ruled as a granted monument inscribed with the biblical commandments violates constitutional boundaries dividing church and state to which we say Thank God and thank God for Jim Jefferson's too Because if nothing else the one thing that he ensures at least for the foreseeable future we're not gonna have anymore William renquest Oranted in Scalia's or clearance to token Thomas's on the US Supreme Court Anyway, here's this column by Robert Steinbach Who is taking over in my new place in my heart is the most anxious of all the hero drivers and his last name doesn't even jackass How do you like that although he is he's an asshole is a jackass The last column of his that I made reference to on a program was one where he wrote Very emotionally about poor confused frightened Nathaniel Brazil Poor terrified can fuse On I'm I'm misunderstood be well-dred Nathaniel Who of course He chooses crap away Now he writes today in the wake of this weekend barbaric protest behavior way to himself beach and I before I get into his column which I am gonna read Didn't we just a few weeks ago have the air show in Fort Lauderdale or am I my dream And didn't they have the estimates were on the two day weekend that there were two to three million people who attended at one point or another All together with anybody shot that weekend Did we have riots? No, did we have people I Looting businesses and mugging it women being Sexual battery no Don't we have Kai Ocho every year in Miami last time I checked and I there are I don't know hold the number is but like millions Two million whatever the hell it is hundreds of thousands at least they would I think it's more than that well hundreds of thousands of Certainly more than 250 thousand people we had on South Beach Many hundreds of thousands if not one or two million people at 10 Kai Ocho I don't recall and I could be wrong I could have been missing something I don't recall here in about any shootings at Kai Ocho I don't recall about hearing any women getting sexually abused or raped or molested or whatever I don't hear about to any of those things so the premise of this article is that anytime You're going to have large gatherings of people that you're just supposed to accept a certain amount of abort and barbaric In violent behavior and shootings and looting and all of these things Which I know is theft But anyway the headline on this column by Robert Steinbeck this morning South Beach needs no perspective on tourists in flux Yeah, we need the attitude changes what we need And I did watch the stories on the news last night and I heard the comments from many of the residents and business people on South Beach and Interestingly enough they mirrored the comments most of that I made on the show yesterday But you see there are a lot of people out there who would see we live in this era of political correctness in America Where you you just aren't supposed to say certain things in public So like when I talk about the changing neighborhoods and how Northgate County's been turning it went out to retoyle Oh, you're just not supposed to say that because you know you're might ruffle somebody's feathers and they're right What you have people calling and calling you a bigger? As if I'm just making these things up just to be a prick Anyway, Robert Steinbeck writes my meat is problem in the wake of the huge rockest memorial They crowds the choke South Beach is that the public sees what it wants to see Keep in mind he doesn't see what he wants to see we see what we want to see He writes you could if you wanted to see a hugely successful holiday weekend that you among others tens of thousands of upscale sophisticated black tourists People of paying hundreds of dollars in it for hotel rooms and $60 or more for nightclub cover charges Tainted only by the ministerial bed element that accompanies any large young crowd I've never seen so many beautiful people said local architect and fashion designer Neil Hall who is black It sets up a whole new tourist into fine black folks is people who sit down and restaurants and stay at fine hotels Or you could see black people out of control and panic unnecessarily The weekend South Beach crowd of as many as 250,000 was swell by a series of club sponsored events that you many Notables of the hip-hop generation Miami Beach City officials to their credit are taking great pains to describe the weekend in non-racial terms City manager George and Gonzales and me that the city wasn't prepared for so large a crowd I'm certainly not happy with the weekend's events. He said a reporter yesterday Some 200 reps were made contrary to rumors as many as of as many as seven fatalities No one died Gonzales said well, thank God for that But Gonzales told me it was important to this bell this prayer missed perception that have stretched across the county about what really happened in South Beach around the country It was not a riot. He said the city was not lost. We never lost control Assistant police these Donald of cheese and Donald the Lucas said the weekend featured many more people Than usual roaming South Beach on foot in part because Jan Pack nightclub said it turned away thousands of hopefuls But most of it ends readily comply with officers request a Lucas said I would say the number of rest was proportional to the crowd If it's one out of a hundred arrested normally this weekend it was 10 out of a thousand Most of those arrested were local people. He added which is kind of wasn't flying a face or what we told yesterday They were telling us that it was New Yorkers outsiders that we do not lacrown Anyway, Robert Steinbeck was on the city attitude toward the weekend was not so sanguine at a Miami Beach planning and zoning meeting Tuesday One resident at the meeting Friday about whether South Beach was attracting the right demographic South Beach's reputation is a glamorous destination for the young black and sophisticated tourists is growing rapidly He a few tourism professionals copper hand the size and clouds of today's black tourist market Any attempt at a scourge such tourists would be a colossal exercise in short sight in this South Beach can't be the mecca of cool for more more a day weekend that little better planning and foresight could not have handled and Of column by Robert Steinbeck more crap more puke More speed among pages of newsplay for print How do you like that? Little bit better planning and we have all these sophisticated young black tourists coming in and just when you have certain numbers of people I'll know I guess I guess somehow just just a coincidence That doesn't have to let it in five six you can't we got hang coming up and two we got the shivers video talking hard Bob with a croit six and you get a Marlon on deck at six 30 Marlon's in a pirate's last game That's really the 705 any interest at all Any K after the game So here's a listing of orange judices. There's one in the dairy queen orange judice 1844 10 each Atemiami child in Naples and then he's another one here a clear water will landed. We care about those Midway mall in Miami Is the midway mall still there where's that them all be merchers? This has got to be an old wish. I'm not sure they also have that big giant new mall and I don't know what that's called I don't think the midway mall is that they made that in the sun That was a real dumb anyway. Look at this phone here boy. We got some tremendous responses morning here's for a pier or something Hello Okay, here's our last call our only one mobile info waterdale, hello. Yeah, hey Neil. Yes, sir Come in. Yeah, I'm a limo driver and I was out of the airport just prior to that weekend I saw no less than five plain loads of People coming in that sort the first two that I saw Come in didn't know what was going on but as soon as they got off the plane They were ready to party they had the boomboxes going and we answered on the concourse People were looking around on what the hell was going on here? Oh, and then some guys said yes And we can We went to each other God. Oh, okay Okay, thanks for the good news See somebody did call it it's the caraband festival. I think they haven't Toronto every year in the early summer I guess it is in the June July whatever and a couple of times I've had the misfortune I always stay pretty much in the same hotel Very nice hotel in downtown Toronto anytime I go up there And I never had any bad experiences in that hotel except on those weekends must just be a coincidence And we're not talking about ghetto people because ghetto people can't afford to stay in that hotel It's not real expensive, but it's not the low rent is for Gator and Yet the kind of people are in there on those weekends when they have the care of manifestible in Toronto There behavior is unacceptable. I think I'm being kind. They're well dressed They're not like I said they're not ghetto people and it's a behavior is unacceptable and loud and obnoxious and abhorrent and gruesome Not to mention of course the stuff that's going on out there are like I'm curious what they do have the big festival And gather each and every year they're all the shootings and the stuff going on See Robert Steinbach the idea that you're making the Sidwood numbers game the assumption being that if there are S Number of people in a given place that you have in time that they're going to be S number of abhorrent activities that take place. I'm not buying that. It's an excuse I'm so kind of excuses I'm robot you, but it's really old and stale and The idea that the hip hop crowd is it was that one line. Oh many notables of hip hop generation I think South Beach can do very well without notice ball of the hip hop generation I could be wrong about that But it seems to me they've been doing pretty well for several years now without the crowd that he's talking about So you see whatever you want to see Robert Steinbach and you see you obviously see by life to the eyes of a black man Not to the eyes of anybody who's got the the least bit about connectivity, but you write professional black man And everything you write is color the same way pardon that expression whether it's about Nathaniel Brazil or about this past weekend The excuses that you make are nauseating their puke inducing And I'm starting is this time goes on. I'm starting to understand the excuses the old J thing Even it is anxious as it is to me I'm starting to understand it because there's one segment of white people in this country no matter what other black people do They're gonna rationalize if they're gonna make a excuse for it a Robert Steinbach's one of them Other's flowery crap about this new uh this new kind of tourist that we haven't self-beach I don't know about you, but based on what I saw in the news when I read about in the clips I saw on TV and the people were screaming and carrying on who lived on there I don't think that that's the kind of tourist that we want is it. Oh, I don't think so But we do have a little bit of a problem here Because we don't really have on a draw than the goddamn beaches and the you know the plastic crap down there on south beach We don't really have a draw here Whether in the beaches which they can't haven't found for get out of way to screw up yet So we get the French Canadians which nobody else wants them. Thank God for that week Canadian lunial tell you that The fast what you get Here's a mobile and baby hello Is there something screwed up with this phone? Here's Hollywood hello. Yeah, I know. Mr. okay. Did you know that there was another black extra And the Kansas schedule for tonight? No, I didn't know that the Miami arena it was Was those originally schedules for the orange bulb, but they because of the threatening weather was Move to the Miami arena tonight with Erica bad too Yeah, and the eyes Lee brothers the all strong the eyes of brothers well They're insightful too. They're in the eyes. We brothers are insightful sure What it would have happened? I'm so let me with the hip hop music I think brothers aren't hip hop singer. You're on more on okay, or an idiot you're a jackass The eyes Lee brothers are insightful. Oh, good god. I think that had great insight. Yeah, full You're full of it rhymes with Life okay, you disgusting piece of scum like I said this is a wonderful place. This is a great place I'm to see I'm trying to do one thing. I'm trying to be the voice of sanity Who you release has the balls not to worry about being politically correct and talk about these things from the standpoint of like hey This is not the way things are supposed to be and we got air. We got damn bigoted son of a bitch I'm waiting until I start talking about people who's picking. Let's you know that will get that before 11 o'clock You're a thief The place where hate rains supreme so what are you building in a box? You know, in fact We ought to be delighted. We like a good ride. We like to civil disobedience. We like a bunch of crap Look how what a good time we had with Aliah Here's the car from his sterile. Hello Hello, how you doing? Okay, sure good to have you back. Uh huh. Uh boy. It was hectic What have you there? Yeah I was talking about parking and all this time the fault I got I don't do that I know I do see you soon down there. What is it? I'd like to play over there Sing a song. Yeah, but you will that's the same guy that calls with that song you're reading from over in the West Coast He's one I one are medley of our listener on the West Coast Oh boy Yeah, I tell you well, I think we could solve all these problems. Let's send this new brand of tourists that they're Robert Simon's right about Let's send them all over there to four miles and Naples in the Sero sounds good to me. You got that big hockey Real over there have you a nice venue for some of their activities. Uh huh. Yeah, and let's see how they handle it over there Here's a moment in Miami. Hello Any nail what's up? How you doing sir? Good first time caller long time listening All right 10 years, bro. Listen I'm so working WFL 14 under when Robert's time back to do a radio show I took on Sunday. Uh huh. I always got him to talk about what black did black that black right now. He's a professional spook Listen, I didn't want to change his subject, but you hear about the Steven power thing at the Indianapolis 500 Yeah, I saw it was very unfortunate It was a crazy with all of the news. I mean people are valier can have a stupid event Right, yeah, I mean Problem I understand but it was unfortunate it was stupid on his part in the apologize for it, but they know Everybody has to make a big deal about it and of course we have a lot of veterans who are just looking to be offended anyway But it was a sand yeah You want to do my what you gonna go see her Smith? No Gonna be a great show. Okay, have a good time. I say out of pointy tail. Hold me there I'm telling you bigger in Europe than they've ever been in their career right now. They're all over the place They're auspects and The end of it is sad it was a bad mistake on his part because he's a great entertainer and he just you know kind of made the ass out of himself You didn't say He was trying to be cute you know It was a yeah Bad call yeah, it was a bad bad idea. I don't think he meant anything by it No, he did not mean anything by it. I was certainly nothing give you a You know teach it a ringer all about but there's nothing else going on don't you understand The media's got you all whipped up a lot of stuff like that so Toss you this celebrity in any time of celebrity farce the wrong flavor. You know we got to make a big deal on it Or is they say at the deli we have to make a big similar out of it I don't like to miss you have carrots to miss no fair 5 6 7 0 5 50 pound 5 6. I'm just I'm this made about this food situation. You know I really am And I don't want to sound ungrateful because we have a lot of good friends you know bring us all that But you can only eat so much your pasta in the cheese and sausage and meatballs and meat balls and cheese and pasta We haven't limited you know and so many greasy cold cuts Here's the amensure hello Here's go yes sir Hello, yes I'd like to say Oh Let's have a cup of coffee. It's weekend It's not so much the people for but rather the Businesses in Miami Beach that weren't prepared for the actual Crowd in guy that it was and when you get so many people together and you have so many And Planned events but they can't accommodate everybody with a standing in line for hours on hours and don't get in There's a level of frustration that's filled over into the streets and the Miami Beach police are the clubs The restaurants they were not prepared to deal with the people So what happened it happens all over the world in events and and venues where people don't get in accommodated Things break out so it wasn't so much the people that were there but the circle sandwiches It's so consensus yeah, I was somebody else's fall. Okay. Thank you. It's always somebody else's fall And like I said coyote, oh, they know they can't be sure how many people are gonna show up They know it's hundreds of thousands in times at the minute or two million whatever it is and it's quite of the fact that they have all those people Shops and assure that some of them wait on long lines for their whatever their eating in the streets for the food and whatever These things don't happen More supposedly that the nature of the people who were there and I understand that we're trading like walking on egg shells It's very very delicate you just can't save these things you see and then you know mixed company The nature of the crowd that we had there had nothing to do with the kind of behavior that took place I'm just positive that just like the thing I'm talking about the caravanifiable in Toronto The the fact that the people are there happened to be Who they are and what they are that has nothing to do with the kind of environment that's created when they're there It must be just my imagination. I must be looking for trouble I Mean we're talking about the very same hotel march they probably a hundred times Or it's always very pleasant or it's like a family atmosphere most of the time Where you don't encounter rowdy and they're lots of young people and they're all the time by the way lots of But you don't encounter rowdy and not not just because first of all Toronto is you know Canadians And one is the most polite people to probably to polite in Toronto But that means from one extreme to the other so you just don't encounter that kind of stuff so when you do you take notice of it When there are people who are acting like they just came out of the jungle or something like that like it's a jungle jam You do take notice of it and that doesn't make you a bigger to make you somebody who's offended by unacceptable social behavior Oh, no we understand you're always talking about those marches. They're well, maybe there's a reason for it I just came back from vacation. I didn't even know what that happened on South Beach I didn't make it up. I didn't wasn't involved in it. I wasn't responsible for it I wasn't looking for it. It just happened and I read about it and heard about it And it's all over the goddamn news everybody there brothers talking about it and Robert Steinbeck's making excuses for it Morning today. I want to talk about how we can meet some of our energy needs through a new kind of Conservation squeezing family budgets and disrupting the lives and work of our fellow Americans My administration will do our part to help by cutting transmission lines that deliver electricity to your home These are immediate measures to help with an immediate problem and that will be a part of my administration's energy plan gasoline and electricity prices are rising sharply that will be a part of the plan as well Thank you very much for listening Right love the clock at five fifty w qm So here's a ad This is an ad that we actually spend money on or is it like a trash Tritodial because we have no budget and the stockboard of business journal congratulations Neo Roger show number one meant 2554 10 a.m. the two p.m. Hangover show to the system. There's our two fat faces there Why should a clock get your next Thanksgiving space done? That's going Hank I look how much I was from my Facebook So anyway, there it is For whatever whatever good that is how come we never got that new timestang? Were they had the best of and the worst of and all of that? I don't know so that we could talk about Joe Rose I think I did that I forgot I'll get it. Oh Whatever that means okay, let's say back for Hank because I'm sure he'll be very impressed by that It'd be a lot more impressed that they would send a contract instead of back to him We got 91 hosts in our poll so far on neologies.com If the election for Florida government will be held right now this moment who do you will for? Jan. Reno 62 Jeb Bush 14 another of you above 21 How do you like that you silly person you she might actually have a shot That's 80% of the rest of the state Yeah There was your wacko wake up wackos 5 6 7 5 6 8 pound all of she's gonna look pretty good compared to what the FBI's doing now Yeah, she's starting look pretty damn good compared to the FBI Here's Pomp and oh hello Pomp oh yeah, I just knew that here there was something is mom So I must go fire much mom 5 6 7 0 5 16 pound 5 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless mine There's always a good response what about got against black people's Why can't you deal with the issues why can't you look at what's going on and address it? Anybody who's got an opinion that these kinds of things are understandable right away is a big And don't like black people. I like nice black people and maybe someday I'll meet one Here's Miami. Hello, I mean oh, yes, they're okay Hey, right after you Ritz time back's calling I got on the internet and I did a little search and I typed in Times Square Milani and celebration. Yeah, and crime Yeah, many people it has jammed in the time square 3 million I Could have been it I I sold 2 and a half what happened? Okay, 10 times the amount of people I had on the beach How many arrest they had No 14 14 14 arrest. How do you like that? It's just I mean it's Robert's time make the one a couple years ago You started the radio show on I'm actually yeah, he was gonna raise the level of dialogue and reinvent talk radio and be civilized and teach people how to really do a talk show He was on for about five minutes. I think I was he in a good bite of call by the way you knew it's first call I remember listening Fact-end you know you were the one now. It was one night. You knew it first call or less no No, there you go But it just goes to show you the the disconnected Going on going on over there with the her applies the animal they don't go on No, of course not that they they have all these ivory tower guys writing all of this crap and love them And Carl Huyson they really have anybody in a paper right say thing it makes any sense It has a connection with reality I gave you another example back I don't know a couple months ago You had a caller call in and he started off by saying I was reading a story in the herald and then you said you know the English language version of Elm away will herald and you laughed and everything and I've been going around with the executive Better over there Marty Baron for a bit talking about how he does not talk to a lot of people and you know The paper doesn't talk to me anymore I don't buy it. No, no, yes the newspaper talks to people that don't read it exactly. Yeah, yeah, well We won't go that far, but So I sent him a note and I said here is here's an example here's your work your work is cut-off work because he just came here from the New York I said if your work is cut-off work here's what it's called or to me a Roger said today And then I you know, he quoted what the caller said about the you know Elm away will herald he writes me back and he said well I find that colors the most talk radio shows aren't represented of those the population Has a hole and then of course I roll back them you know You know, you're right. Just most listen to it all I can I mean, but you're you're whistling your wishland exactly you're not Please wait mention my name at the hero. Well, I mean it was like talking to the wall. I mean, they don't want to listen So I'm getting ready to write a letter to spy me Okay, well have a good time take it. See I mean if you want to waste the effort go ahead, but you're just spending your wheels not going to change him He's a professional ethnic just like what's the one they had the young lady the Liz bomb the state is that her name The right's the professional hole yet column higher. We're just about every day the same crack every every guy day and day See I had this revolutionary idea and just like in today's paper there's a thing I've figured I'm not even gonna look for it About how many Colombians the ethnic of the changing it's not just Cubans anymore Now it's so many Mexicans and Colombians what difference is a mate? What difference is a mate? Well, why do we have to keep Pointing to the differences that then and they're talking about oh this one is divisive and that one is divisive I can't think of anybody more divisive than the hero divide in conquer that's their whole philosophy Who the help gives a crap how many goddamn Colombians or Mexicans or Nicolad Wins or Cubans or Jews? What the hell their friends is a mate? And that's why this town will never ever be a real place because of each just isn't There's no cohesiveness here You've got an ethnic nightmare is what you've got here And then we've never gonna change I don't care you can come back and we've come back 500 years from now by some miracle from some other planet If never gonna change it's still be the same and You go into real cities and I travel all over the world and you say I sure there are problems in their eccentric friction and but I'm talking about places that are real And are all different kinds of people in generally speaking they coexist side by side They're they're all apart of where it is that they live not here not here at all no way Jose Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach hello Good morning, you know yes, sir. I was one of the handful of anglers it was over on the south beaches weekend and It was just in the tribal we had relatives fly in the town to sail on the Norway And good choice All right, yeah, and since they couldn't sail we went back down to the ship picked them up and packed it over to South Beach And the Discussive the kids were doing over there the people were doing over there was just malicious destruction there was no Public outrage because of the lines raining and we're carrying mirrors off cars There were people jumping from car to car Getting the living the roof and there was no rhyme or even for them It was just sporadic groups of kids seeing what they could get away with and The deal on the Norway quoting the one of the Agent of a there was that that coast guard official had book the previous Voyage on there and did you feel he was appropriately compensated being a member of the postcard And he's the one to blew the whistle on them for the violation. Yeah So that's the Norway line. I must say there were very nice that are relatives and put him up in a hotel for the rest of their Stabilers there not flying out for Thursday and Put him up and chop and say that I'm getting my free cruise there and even though it wasn't well I keep begging people after this stop wasting their money on these cruises, but I just can't get across I mean it's you know it's the biggest scan going anywhere and you know either you get a fire out there It's see or here you got another ship that's got 8 million different you know defects in the Fire alarm system or whatever and how it was and We're making a rate out there it's safe and then this is people's idea of a great vacation is being a captive audience on a leaky Vessel somewhere They had sailed on a Norway when it was the SS France when they were first married So this was like the quintessential way in a nursery Wait a can't go back I can't keep sending divorce. Okay. Have a great day pal Back at you. I keep trying to tell you folks you want to waste your money on these cruise ships There isn't a week that goes by that we don't have another horror story People stranded out of sea people on ships that never wind up taking off like this in their way people out of the Fire's on board women getting raped all sorts of stuff going on out there people being molested The big cover up that they try to put on this is one of the greatest scans But you're not supposed to say that because I might offend Mickey Erson and some others God forbid we should do that unless of course they have those evil Some machines on there that we can go pick on the neck of our body butterworks study said go with pickle way baby Because it's evil 9 minutes after 11 in 560 WTO if you didn't go into here Oh Well, he should get around these days any it's 11 14 at 560 WTO and here's the fact this is my wife and I made the tremendous mistake of heading down to wolfies on Sunday Well struck us most was the trash There had to be a foot tall pilot trash the entire length of columns Avenue people were eating and dropping trash Wherever they stood? Well sounds like Paris The most run down neighborhoods in Port of Prince Haiti couldn't have looked any worse You really have to feel bad for people who came for their once-year vacation man into this these folks wanted to come down Spent some money try and have a little bit of fun We lost those people in tax money they provide us for good. In other words. They ain't gonna be coming back But Robert Steinbach says we got this new brand of tourists now we shouldn't turn our backs on him because they need the future of South Beach They need the future of tourism baby Here's a great facts from a Darrell on Sarasota who says blame Let's see if I understand how America works lately If a woman burns her thighs on a hot coffee she was holding in a lap while driving she blame as a restaurant If your teenage son kills himself you blame the rock and roll music or music in your life If you smoke three packs a day for 40 years and die of lung cancer your family blames the tobacco company If you're not against pregnant by the football captain you blame the school for poor sex education If your neighbor crashes into a tree while driving home drunk you blame a bartender If your cousin gets aged because the needle used to shoot up with heroin was dirty you blame the government for not providing clean ones If your grandchildren are brass without manners you blame television if you're friendly shot by a deranged madman You blame the gunman you facture and if a great person breaks into the cockpit and tries to kill the pilot at 35,000 feet and the passengers kill him instead the mother of the deceased brains dear line I must have lived too long to understand the world as it is anymore so if I die while my old rental ass is parking front of this computer I want to blame Bill Gates, okay? Okay, dearly and so are so excellent facts Yeah, I would blame Bill Gates anyway. Do you want to know why he's an asshole? He bugs me he pisses me off I've always said the wrong people have the really big money the wrong ones. Can't we rob him? That would be good us time up Take all those money and let show Griffin ever way with him Here's point in beach allow release kiss him on the lips point in beach hello Yes, sir, are you talking about Dave and boring this morning? Yes, he is terrible Yeah, he had to take me and I wanted to order the evil one call on him No hitter game last week. I was listening to that and I fell asleep with two outs in the night I can't blame him. I mean it's like he should be doing a checkers match right? He should be doing badminton Yeah, it is but no excitement in it a home run Game when in home when you don't even know the games over and you would take the you know here the team is so desperate to put some asses in the seats and try to create a little bit of assignment And for them to hire a guy who's is boring is listening to paint drive. What do they think in a bot? Yeah, he makes boops sound good Yeah, boo boo Me and you in a guy named boo Okay, thanks. But what happened in the guilt he must be on the bulk of Brian died With about 84 pounds everybody I want to wait for 10 days and I came back and everybody's a mace You doesn't need look at wrong. He's just working his baggies today No, I don't know the whole stuff. I'm talking from the ass up. He's always gonna have that big ass What's your car? Huh? No, no seriously. He's like boys about 82 pounds Everybody's getting skinny here except the Oh god, yeah I'm not eating anything. I'm just talking about it And I'm gaining weight like I told Julius. Boy that's your son's good. Oh strawberry 5.6.7.05.60 pound five. Six. How much is that? So big don't he spank like that stuff? Orange Julius. Yes, that's Miguel Now he don't even know what it is Oh come on. Holy old's got a lot of that stuff. They just call it orange. Holy old orange. Holy old yeah. Oh, I had a few of those Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Hey, I have so much to say I just go right in take all the time you want to take all the time Sure, I could take a couple hours. I would take the time talking about John Bolton fire Yeah, I guess talk about that I couldn't disagree with you about decision. Okay. I love with nobody I agree with you So I had you know I'm a I forgot person you know I just have two points to say Well, I sure wouldn't expect a buy didn't have one black person who did agree with me yesterday, which is pretty interesting No, I I agree with the punishments What you say well, you just got to say you couldn't disagree more I don't think I have much of a choice And I you know because why not I mean I mean if I if what you say is true that would mean I am one of them Yeah, that would mean I'm not that good to sound bitch to a not That would mean that I am with you know I'm gonna be one of those I would look that I'm not a criminal Okay, so you know, so what are you saying? I think I don't know You know my thing and everybody basically design we have to look at the age of the Metcrapics of those people on salvage You know, I don't think that the enemy different from the youth that go to Come down for Spineberg You know, you You You know Springbreak and for a lot of it last Whatever it was He remember anybody getting shot I'm understanding will that there was nobody shot, but there was no I You know, I said that first and I think if you just put that right on this you don't look at you Yeah, I mean that is the case So You're saying is the cops were resting people just because they were black No, that's not that's what I'm saying I don't I'm saying that you know a situation that maybe they wouldn't have a rest of the people for They would probably have a rest of their personal Yeah, and You know, I didn't know all over the world and I know that is the case Look at England now we have a base virus in England You know, which is not been caused by the black you think by the white teenagers Yeah, what are you going to have to do with England? No, you're trying to make you here This is the you know, I don't think it matters what they see this I don't think it matters who it is You know, I've been a photo to follow me to you know But I ended up you're totally missing my point. How about that care benefits of what I talked about in Toronto with their all blacks Who come in from all out of town I And I could you know what I'm trying to say is that you can also look at you know this spring But I mean they do I was a crime doing spring back on the do out of the rest Do you know during this spring But which I'm not what one is most of the stuff that happens during spring break is from kids who drink too much and jump out balconies of motels and What are you talking about? I'll be chitoo and did drinking too yeah You know the I don't see a lot of people in a place of business that get destroyed during spring break Me, or you know They do yeah I mean they don't they big is very much different. I mean they do a riot Do in spring break too Okay, but Where was this when did you have the last ride over spring? This is where why I cannot agree with you. You said I'm aware of where did we have the last ride during spring break here Why did we have the last ride? Yeah, bring break here and I will bring it back in for the only for a long time That's right for stop from foot guard We don't have spring break and it's not what it used to be Are we going to use to be I mean when we talk about what you do we still have hundreds of thousands of kids who come here? Okay, good to cut the tone Did you want to take a good example where little kids go nowadays? Okay, and are they having riots? Yes, they did have a ride about two years ago, okay? I have been there so I don't know first I know each of it But from what you've been reported there was a riot there Sounds pretty nebulous to me. No, I mean the point I'm trying to make it make it make it make it make it make it make it It's what you say in this case the case No, I didn't think you know but I didn't come back from a nine day a pleasant vacation to come back here and make things up I came back in these things and happened and I read about them and I hear what people are saying about them and This is what happened. I didn't invent it It is the fact that I put on any piece of fact that those people that did those things will put it back I mean they should be condemned for what they did yeah, but I don't think they should be good They're content to raise That's what I have the phone Well, let me just say this to you because yesterday I was talking about the fact that in Vegas They don't permit this kind of crap to go on But I was thinking about that after the show and you know they the only times in the last few years that I've read about really nasty stuff going on in Vegas Is after some of the big fights after some of the Tyson fights and the crowds of people that they draw out there to those events And go out on the street out of the strip and you know who those crowds generally tend to be Blacks but you know Question you've danced a case then I'm okay Okay Okay You okay You look at you If that's the way you're gonna behave I'm not saying that all black They made that way but the fact is that happens all too often and people people want it lost it over pretend that it doesn't it's a Cardinal thing We have this stuff looking at people Like all right yeah, yeah, yeah That's what I think the problem is I don't think you I often buy it by breaking it down based on those issues alone Is she the me look that? We look at it Yeah We're gonna show her and let me ask you again how come we have all those people are go to Kyocho wherever you're We have all the people are worth the air show three weekends ago and we didn't have any riots And we didn't have any people tearing up business and we didn't have any shootings and people getting injured and raped I've been to the Kyocho now no Okay Trust me if you go to the Kyocho you'll never want to go back Because if it's very much different Maybe we don't have to write but trust me you are well what is it that's what is it that's going on And it's not being reported Okay, you have a bunch of people broken when in and the streets in the Kyocho You have good and you know I think good that is it all that's going out going on in the streets Yeah, you mean they're human they're human guys growing women Yes, well that's an improvement for them. I'm surprised they're not grow for each other Have a great day pal Bye bye And you can come out now Well, he said he wanted to lock himself in because I want to well I call the dark folks in I don't want to lock him all in In fact, I'm not you know It doesn't affect me. I don't live beyond South Beach But it affected a lot of other people are very upset about it and a lot of people are going to come back here anymore I can spite of what Robert's fine back says I guess this is idea let's replace the other tourists that we had before with this new what does he call it? The young urban affluent black Crown What have it only calls it? an upscale sophisticated black tourists capable of paying hundreds of dollars in I throw tellers And like I said the thing at Toronto if a caravan is therapy and pretty good money in that very nice hotel Along with the rest of us were standard and they're actually like a bunch of lunatics The behavior was barbaric it was growth task was unacceptable And this was like two years in a row that I had the misfortune of going up there on the wrong weekend unsuspecting and Made the ensured that I'd find out you know what weekend was going to be so I wouldn't go back on that weekend again Can't just be by coincidence It has to be a cultural thing and has to be something that people permit people could don't people look the other way Just like that crap with the Puerto Ricans and central park that we talked about again yesterday Our acceptable this just isn't behavior that that civilized people are set Wow, we had a few too many beers. Well, that's too stinking bad. Okay. It's still unacceptable And I think of the way the cops look the other way and let those women get mulled up there in central park That was just unbelievable except the course was in your cops They're probably too busy shooting some dark folks up the street 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. What's it all about out there? That's what I want to know what else at all about? Can we just get along Man So much hostility and so much hatred and so much violence and so much crap Why can't we find some nice people? That's all nice friendly people who look real good. You don't want to say Like that contestant on jeopardy that error of this morning. See he was an error by it then bother me Doesn't How fast I thought I'd a falafel lord member whatever his name must don't face me I love those errors man nice and circumspect sized whatever they are 26 to have to 11 at 5-6 So they're on hiatus and sunrise right as we speak. Oh, nobody said they're on hiatus Will be the f***ing game exactly Cart anyway, here's a facts from Marty a long time. Listen, what a great name. This is Marty's saying that a great name The never great name for a Radio person a perch Marty's saying Yeah, Marty's saying a good song and we enjoy it a very much anyway Here's says when this he sells a powdered mix and treat it from flavors orange banana and I believe strawberry I find it in earlier the produce section easy to make very close to orange Julius for which I share you love Says Marty a long time Lisa. Thank you Marty's saying what a great name I don't know what it is about that name, but it's just a great name here's Paul who facts to me this note She says do O. J and Denise Rodman fitted the upscale sophisticated black tourist club if I saw I hope they stay in Miami Beach The tourists industry in South Florida getting just what they deserve they're trying to get the tourists with money And now they see that they're not literally like they're going to start the nimbee holler. What does that mean? And I am be why? Is it like a yuppie nimbee I Never heard Tom's your probable facts. We back in the list on educated know what nimbee v nimbee She says Robert Steinberg needs to get out of the world and realize that not everybody You can afford to pay hundreds of dollars to stay in a hotel on South Beach is the type of person you want for a neighbor Well said Paul. Absolutely Correct, man right on target What is nimbee not in my backyard oh not in my backyard excellent. Thank you very much Eric Oh thank you Eric Eric shot his stomach right on it lunch 560 560 pound 560 on the AT and the Agar at Your AT is one guy that hasn't turned into a you know a dual pickle memory on the 30 pounds though 40 pounds Okay, yeah, he took a big he had some wild diarrhea over the weekend No, seriously don't you think the girl has like uh I you know what I never noticed slim to a it is terrifying degree See when you're gone for a while you know that's right But when you see somebody every day you don't notice it like yesterday They see in bulk of Brian for the first time in two weeks and he looked like about I looked like my great grandfather And Miguel looks like he's on the care and carpenter diet He used to look ridiculous. But the Brian like a beach ball and now he looks all of them I was flat black shoe polish here. Yeah like spray I like that we'll hear I like that but we saw from Bob by some birthday was my favorite now Like a normal person like an ordinary normal man from sunrise. Yeah Here's a mobile and pepper five, oh Yeah, yes, sir Where have you watched that show called the TV fun house from colony Central Italy? No, I've not that is really ridiculous They have this Guy called ash gorge and make ash walk around and it Talks it's ridiculous. It's a walking back home. Yeah We got plenty of those here most of my management We took off the air it's ridiculous So you think you're complaining one of those funny songs and make fun of the songs whatever Like one Any of them I'll play your funny song. Okay, well, okay. Who? What he's smoking sense them over here we can use it. Please. Yeah 560 560 pound 560 on the 18 and 10 rise. Oh, I gotta take it this Talk about going to an extreme the Amsterdam police oh and I got a couple of stories I'm walking down the street there in the Rude Vaseline one night and they stopped a couple of tourists Who are walking on the street with a can of handicraft in their hand guess what is not legal to do out outdoors in Amsterdam drink? You cannot carry a I mean you can sit out at the cafe and drink it out of your mug or whatever But you can't walk around with an open container in public How do you like that and what they made him do is they made him pour the thing down There's like a street drain there and they made him pour down the drink while they watched a couple of her hugged your mind ties I don't think you would have done it right in front of the cops Well, state of been you know shouting go another another thing that they're busy doing Is it because there's so many people with bicycles there because of the narrow streets and it's the easiest way to get around Is they're making sure that people have their lights or working on the bikes or whatever for night Whatever the deal is or the reflectors and so they're pulling people over and while while they're Checking these people's reflectors or whatever they equivalent on their bicycles like 15 yards away Are these rosy shards and sell them crack and coke and whatever and they're paying the attention that only do they're wearing their reflectors? Oh That could be it. Oh that's seriously it's true story Only an Amsterdam man. They got some very interesting priorities and you don't mess with the drug dealers over there First of all don't get involved with the number one, but if you do don't be messing with them because I I didn't mess you down here that ball I saw that one night man No, you did nothing and everybody was standing while watching it. I mean moved like way back and this guy just beat the crap out of this old woman Of course, he was one of them. She was one of the drug peddlers and ever and she had ripped him off and he would not to please about it That's better. I had my money. Oh man to just smash her the ground and her head was just bleeding and I thought he was gonna crack with skull open Pick-to-rupt smash her head against the glass of one of the coffee shops. I thought he was gonna bust the window Which fortunately did not and then just smash her back to the ground again. She lay there. Finally got up in like a whole right side of her head was like Just cut right open Eeeeh And I didn't turn because she was she looked like guillot the wish to begin with so and then we did do that much harm But you just don't want to be mess with them folk, okay? See I want to take all the bats that goes on over there so now all you people want to keep going over there Oh, yeah, that's been really good now. You don't you won't like it. Just stay here. It's great here Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good Well, first I'm a white man and I want to say that I agree with you. Okay? I just didn't respond to that last call or who was a black man Well, let me ask you this what is wrong with white people having an opinion? You don't want to say is it if white people have an opinion Does that make us all racist not at all and Thanks Greg Greg said George did a great job all I was going by the way So the tape suck in George and Magnificent job even the show about the eating crap or whatever we was talking about Is that what you're talking about? I don't know. I would be not that can create each crap something like that I'm not getting all confused and I'll have no jumbles together I'm sure that's gonna be a real exciting summer around here when I'm going you know they have several Super spies will be up and on oh Maddie Bell kid curry all these suckles Anyway, so everybody's been real happy we'll hear we have those trends coming out of 230 of means will have more numbers tomorrow We don't have it in the numbers. No way Especially when they're good, but even though they're bad you can make sure out of that So anyway great city was over there on the South Beach over the weekend It was filthy and disgusting and people were looting and it was particularly obnoxious so I guess I'm not just making it up With the other people that we heard all these all those people we saw in TV on the news last two days and the people that we heard from yesterday Who were actually were there? I guess they must not be making it up so what did we report it? I see 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and since you choose run the media Yeah Not in this time we don't You juleos run the media here except for Steve Alvarez you got canned because he's too old. He's washed out spicked. I can't speak but don't be good at finding 177 votes on our pool if the election for Florida governor will be held right now as I speak who would you vote for? Pretty shocking. I'll be honest with it. I mean even though we have this largely democratic very liable and progressive I mean God Jan. We know 111 Jeb Bush 29 and none of the above 37 even none of the above is being no gesture They're not too happy with him. He's pissed off everybody So I don't know why they think in the courses advisors come off the other day well That hero pool. We're not too sure about that. We don't vote court. They don't like it because it looks too close And they're gonna hate this pool but they'll say well, that's that's bag show. You know his people are gonna vote for Janet because they like her style You know They like that pickup trust you drive. How much role would happen to go for drives a pickup truck? I like the way she dances. Yeah In fact, I understand she's bringing back that old pizza chain shaky 567.0560 pound five 60 maybe they'll even have some orange Julius there. Huh? I'm glad I don't think I'm gonna eat got to eat I have to have the time to set it's not good what you're done better to go like these long stretches Just put to keep your blood sugar stable. That's a good excuse in that For like a good eating on us to search stuff, but we just don't know I guess we'll have to call on our good friend Ira Our sorts of things there like what they have a grill That she's takes you don't care for that cheese steak. I could have that without the bread that sounds great I love for a good food each you stick they actually she's take a really good pizza steak Which I enjoy with much more love to get a bunch of that stuff So you're just gonna eat the other the guts out of you. I'm not gonna eat the bread You want cheese steak with cheddar or the pizza steak with mozzarella and does because other cheese They stay and I've had enough spaghetti sauce. Don't you understand? I've had enough of that red sauce onions onions would be good peppers Peppers would be good. Okay. She's thick and I get my gal back in here for that mushrooms mushrooms mushrooms We'll be good nothing like some good magic mushroom all right I've worked back to blossom back in my soul speak in a Spartan's I like remember I said I might maybe would one day Went into what I've met a really nice since starts with airport. I was coming back from Amsterdam Sunday And you know when you come back from Europe now Maybe not from all countries but certainly from Mahalanda or England especially But when you come back to customers they automatically put your um because they ask you where you're coming from and if it's one of those countries because of the Hope and mouth and all the other stuff they want to look at your luggage to make sure you're not bringing back any food So is that they send me over the line and there was the dark-complexed guy there and then the regular Pudgey guy That was gonna put my suitcase and the black guy says to me says hey, you know who this is the fact he's probably listening right now Thanks a lot brother save me about 30 seconds You know a little bit of grief. I'll say didn't find my magic mushrooms in my weed, but anyway And so this is the Rogers and he said they bring an a food back. I said no, it's okay. Have a nice day and they put me around through how do you like that? It's special treatment which is good when you're smuggling all those drugs and you know You see you bring a food. I said no just a lot of drugs. He said okay go ahead Next time next time what I'll give you a list. I'm not yeah Think I'm out of my mind. I wouldn't I wouldn't even bring back like a little bit of cheese or anything for They're very touchy about that not at hoffin mouth and sort of your ass I wasn't gonna ask for cheese. I know Maybe I'll just cut them for here Here's like worth hello Pretty good I've got a few things to talk about I listen to you every day. I'm a real live breathing person up here in Lake Worth Oh right We're up in the you okay. I taught you about five years ago because I told you I was a die hard St. Louis blues man for the past 30 years and you said that you hated the blues because of bread Oh yeah, I do and now that he's been gone for about three years That's one in fact he's one of the reasons I hate to start right No, I don't hate to blues anymore. In fact, who the hell would they play that they got beat by that Who did it lose to Colorado? I mean they I was rooting for the blues next to us. I mean melon being the whole bit Yeah, melon be played great here in real good series. I was very happy for him But you know the the fact is that turk I thought played pretty crappy and then they put your kid in her last game And he played good But one bill should have put in Johnson from the beginning of the series. Yeah, turk really choke rally cold Yeah, yeah, anyway, listen about this violence thing I completely agree with you 100% What you gonna do is watch every Friday night at a clock What is it cool? Please video you see these he's just Come back kids and young adults Robin gang stations Don't stop. I mean going on tight speed chances It's the whole society that we live in I think you know We're just growing up. It was just you know peace and love and now that these kids have no role models Everything they see on TV But the most dangerous thing that we ever used to do is use it taking all the little red caps that you blow They used to jump on and blow them up the real. Is that what they call them cat Cat Can we just jump up and down and then sound like firecrackers make a little bit of noise And that was about the only disruption of the neighborhood that we ever used to do and now it's like You know they're blowing off firecrackers right on your nose You're right. I mean when was the last time you saw a kid Pollock to a red light in this car blasting led that boy I mean these kids nowadays they just never did it. There's not enough bass and love stuff I'm gonna have that bass. No, it's so solid about today. I'm gonna blow off his speakers They're not just going to all these young you know 15 and 16 year old white You know they all want to be black exactly You have to wear the product. That's also right. That's why you got that hip-hop thing Right and you look at this is called a revenge of the dark folks They're getting even with society now forget about reparations their way of getting even is by turning the white youth into like the the demon devil Yeah, I mean whatever happens to four guys with long hair playing rock and roll. Yeah. I mean I grew up on all the classic rock You know the arrow smithed deeper about the black Sabbath all the next up and I never wanted to commit suicide Or blow people away right and it's just this whole generation I mean Who opened the Vancouver for not to lost to the range is in 94 50 thousand white kids riding and rampaging and going crazy You know why because everybody cares about violence now Now this is and what about the makers they actually won and it was right right and they said and they destroyed Pistons and Michael Jordan should and it just it just unbelievable and the other thing I want to talk you about is I love baseball. I grew up like I said in Brooklyn on hockey and baseball Never cared about football very strange I guess that's the way I wasn't father had season tickets to the ranges in the old garden And I grew up, you know from four five years old right the front row with a top tier of the old garden Washington John Rittell and Victor had feel you know you'll bear in the whole right all of that and How do you feel about hockey nowadays where there are so many hand injuries concussions I injury it seems that every time somebody goes to check somebody's One injured yeah, they have no there no respect for the stuff. Yeah, the fact that there was a debate When Marty McSoy did that thing on was shearing head of the head the fact that there was even a debate about that Well it was just my mind going to be I mean how in the world today by debate Oh I mean the guys came up from behind and like it like with a baseball bed like you were walking down the street and came up to somebody Unsuspecting from behind and smashed him as hard as you could with a baseball bed And there were people debating about what what if this was a criminal act and whether we should be like back in I mean it's it's out of control that no respect for each other And in addition which to game is so watered down now I got to be honest with you I have so little interest now. I mean the two teams that are playing in the finals I don't like either one of them jersey's a very very dirty team I'll do they got a lot of great players, but they're very dirty team and Colorado to me I mean they got psychic and that's pretty much it in Patrick's frog, you know, which I don't like but I just can't really move free the one of them because I don't like either team is too much expansion to water down But everything else I just you know once again. I'm just a boy that with my blues, but you know I think maybe like one or two players away. I thought the good shock thing would do it Yeah, we did give it a good shot just like the least gave it a hell of a shot But I mean you know the meat trip did nothing and pronger I don't know if you probably don't watch that much baseball, but on the game of the week I think on Saturday afternoon pronger was insane Lewis The bleachers with his girlfriend with no shirt and shorts no shoes would just feed up on the scene front of him hanging out and reporting about to him and You know there was a slight little brawl you know between the bench is clearing with the cardinals and whoever they were playing Yeah, you know and he said He said the reporter. Yeah, like he did the baseball game in a hockey game broke up Okay, I have a great day Yeah 560 pound 560 on the 18th season for Eisenhower was lying 190 votes and janited steam rolling over Jeb Bush can I use that trim steam all in huh? Yeah Certain connotations are coming to mind with that steam roar. He is he's just a roll and right over him I think I think she might be a she might be the cat to me out So we'll get a few a Julio's out there get a vote for Jeb. Big stick and do now to them Plus by the time the election comes up one is it anyways 2,000 next year 2002 Huh? I say I say I forget about her and him let's bring back walk-in-law and bring back the heat cool Because the cool is their pissed off at the gym anyway with all that one government whatever the thing was They're they hate him like poison and rightfully so and You know how how good the cool is not like the he cool and the she cool Or maybe we'll bring back Maxine we'll get Maxine waters down here from California run with lock We can have the he cool and the she cool on sounds good to me I am a little bit over here. Maybe it's just that I need some food. Oh, did you talk to our friends? Yeah, thank god the 560 50 50 we got 200 11 votes janirino is kicking the governor's ass I'll take that right now 135 votes if the election will be in hell right now for governor janir 135 jeps your 38 neither one of the above 40 of five you can just be in him hands down his pants Here's my me lakes, hello Yes, sir. There's a skin of my legs I'm calling Amolic guilty of like man. I was just so beat and I totally agree with you I was totally away and we are very barbaric and I've used a call call this before Who said hey why do you know the black type of grounded and that like that? Yeah, I told you agreed. I'm a black man. I was with the world. Is that anyway? That is we we we call this have a good time and Unfortunately and that's why we have police out there because it's not one of the ticket too far and And that happens and And the one of you taking too far, please should don't ship your rest sure enough Um He this we had a good time myself each And I was a friend who came out from a thousand years in the hotel Tells 2000 right and You know you just kill like people but it had the same time We did like the little crazy you know and All the time. I totally feel with you and and it would think I would think that you know this that I did but every time that they have a birthday biz happened he thinks the curve, right? So I mean you think so be more prepared You know you think that they would Yeah, you know they would You know there should be an alert after the budget darkies coming in this weekend But yeah, I Be a little bit with myself I know I am so my wife Hey, you know, it's gonna be a big weekend Right, I don't want to kid at the beach by the cell or you know, they stay home or hey There's a kids just have to be a grandma You know people fairly wouldn't do my business There's gonna be a jungle jammy better be prepared for it Exactly, you know Make one me and me so be I mean you got to let's we look at with with everybody else We're looking at oh my beef So hey, we're gonna go to the side me. We you have the London we're gonna go to the London You have something big and parents we're gonna go and parents We're gonna go wherever the big thing that the Caucasus and they let you go We're gonna go yeah, we're gonna go the same way you have fun Mother, yeah, well, you know, yeah, well, you know and I actually agree Yeah, we get out of it. That's what you up with it Yeah, they did the people there was upset They did they really would deal with you They did it all the next time you're so I'm a warning, okay? Of course, hey, I give you my number I'll keep you guys with it It also to the cold cold Come earlier, or is it some sort of a hundred grand I call it Yeah, I don't know it is we we have a connected underground. Let us know what you want to know Where and if you want to know how to how to tap it I'll let them know how to tap it so he keeps the cell being safe All right, all right, okay Woo, see I think the confusion was and I'm gonna I guess I have to take part of the responsibility for it Remember the after the air show I was talking about where they were dropping the watermelons to uh, you know No, no seriously they were like it was Part of the air show they were like trying to reenact the thing with dropping bombs during the war And they wondered obviously drop real bombs even dummy bombs So they dropped watermelons in the ocean it was for waterdale beach and I guess the word got out Maybe the pipeline got crossed up a little bit and it must have thought it was like South Beach So I think a lot of folks came in over the weekend looking for them watermelons and Got all screw up so I take part of the blame is usual don't I always take part of the blame here? Why the hell not? I'm used to it so we need a small Any crap happens blame that will fat fag okay? I'm I'm used to it. I can handle it And where we drop into the watermelons this weekend Here's a No, I don't think so Here's pop it on hello Okay, please drop any watermelons and Wought man is please no no they got enough fruit there already Anyway, what I was gonna say is like you've got to the other call up before and I think it's really the white people spawn because they are wishy Watchy they don't work together they're gonna each other and to Survive by groups They do not have any backpound at all So let's just see a black guy come to leave They they pack up their houses the property value of drugs everybody runs away Yeah, I'm far Island right spirit token and then passing get kind of a two request Yes, they're anything alive how about I'm dreaming of a white neighbor. Okay. That's been the perfect food today. Oh, I thank and have a great day No problem These are you two I can't stand them What else that thing called? White neighbor. I know but I'm just don't understand. I'm stalling. Oh, yeah, no sorry You Just like Light there th May. Oh. You don't have to do this. You are. You are just just. Why do I feel so? Yes, I think you guys are right. It's all as what I felt to keep one and one. First sometimes after running a jump high to jump overall at garbage. Yeah, I grew up with saying that there was like good just littered and garbage all over the streets and we're like after a toilet. There's what the beach was like over the weekend. Is that acceptable to watch? No. Is like anybody's civilized? No. How you doing, Julio? Not just any Julio, but the real Julio. From our engineering department. He's the original. Oh yeah, he was the post-it child for Julio. Anyway, so even a champion knew that 560 WDQL and a very pleasant Wednesday here. We're busy. We're busy. I hate each other as usual. No, that's the way we hate. We just try to iron out some of these difficulties. And I want to thank the Darfoksu Wooden all those terrible things over the weekend because it's certainly has been a good father. Huh? For your father. Hasn't it? Just like we thank all those two-closal tubans down there in South Dave. Yeah, we thank them for a few things. They forget all the pain out of shape and acting like the sheep that they usually do. And goose stepping in the line, you know. It was great. Ali, I'm sorry. I'm not going to tell you for months and months and months. It was dynamite. That's what this town drives on. So, thanks. Thank you. Better than much. On the next time, go myself somebody else's throw. I'm sure that's what some of the business people are thinking about. And the gas station over there. I hope that all my stuff somebody else said. Yeah, somebody mentioned to me. I don't want to say there was great. But they were just looting and scooping stuff off the shelves. Now, I guess when you have to pay all those big bucks for those fancy hotels, you got to see a lot of stuff. And they probably peddled out there in a street corner. Reparations. Yeah. If you're not going to give us reparations, we just be going to be taking it. That sounds reasonable today. Anyway, not going to take you to a QA. Here's the lady in Miami. Our first lady is the day. I believe. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Big fan. I just want to comment on that black guy that called me through called role. I want to say that he is a complete idiot because he's making the sound like there's something wrong with black people. Listen, I'm black and I have stuff to control and I have comments that. If you don't have comments, that's the stuff control that's on him. I was on the beach this weekend and I can tell you, I've experienced with everyone talking about. I was on the bus with some guys who were familiar. I'm going to tell you, 90% of the people down there. They were familiar. And they were bolting. It was from black and Hispanic guys. And they were bolting about coming to the beach and told me, tracking the beach. Great. You mean like Puerto Ricans, maybe? Yes, they were. They were Puerto Ricans. And they were saying that it reminded them of the Puerto Ricans they were. They were talking to me. And I'm telling you that they came down there for. And everything you're saying is I raised it because I'm black too. And I know which event to stay away from because I know the kind of cloud that are going to be there. It's not all black. But I know the kind of cloud. I know some of the guys. I know that they're coming there to start trouble and I don't know why. They just do these things and it just continues to sign a bad light on back. Yes. And I kind of ran back to Central Park as well. I'm just saying for it. Just like the guy said it was it was a toilet out there. It was a total toilet. I didn't want to put my two cents in and I got your an idiot. Whoever you are, you're a complete idiot. Hey man. Okay. Thanks, leader. One thing, Neil. Yes. Did you see the new back? No. Oh, yes. I did see it. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. And next time we're better by the minute. He's moving a little way too. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Oh, there I'm tonight on CBS, actually. Boys for now. They're making their last gas. I guess. They shouldn't say that. She'll get upset. They're you're right. They're on the way up. But they just stayed away a lot while you knew you thought. Mr. Hatsha. Who the fuck is it? I see I thought that a whole 12 year old girl thing was over with. What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? least likely, She's scary house. atravs I think they're crazy. Yeah, nothing. They're getting crazy. Quite violent. Right? ? Are they still paying all the privileges? How are they? But I know I hired them one time and you have some proof of what I've just done .. sausage there's no extra money that they are stored in jail. If I were to say all of them, if I had to be a doctor, I would have to be a doctor. If I were to say all of them, I would have to be a doctor. If I had to be a doctor, I would have to be a doctor. If I had to be a doctor, I would have to be a doctor. If I had to be a doctor, I would have to be a doctor. If I had to be a doctor, I would have to be a doctor. Okay, that's enough. No one overdo it. No, got for good. 5,675,60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 250 votes, Jan. 159, Jeff Bush 42, need to want to be above 49. Jeff ain't be doing too good today. Be doing real bad. Here's your call in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a friend of mine. I had the business on the South Beach. They're not going to mess in the business, but one of them is employed. I punched in the face over the weekend. At the hotel where he works, they also trashed all the rooms. Then at the loads hotel, the loads? Yeah. You have to know that it was going to be some kind of friction. This is no way. People think it is so sad because our races like that were so decisive. We're so conservative. Depyred to what I mean. Do you have a source of interest in the vice of your? Yeah. There's a little difference is that you know, like, you know, skin colors, you know, one of the doctors like don't like the life things. So, you know, it is a different aspect that, you know, we find that, again, amongst ourselves to break our unity. What is all of this high-falutin sounding stuff? What is that happening with coming down and trashing the hood? What is it what I don't get it? It does the stuff the thing is to new your guys. You know, it's a new ourselves and the new your people. So in other words, everybody that was local was, they were there on their best behavior. It was only the New York crowd that was trashed everything. We're supposed to believe that. Well, I mean, it is going to be an instigator and somebody's, because you haven't even Robert, Mr. Professional, just Robert Steinbacke and his colleague, and Haroldus Moiss is most of those arrested were local people. Of course, we're going to need one, get the cell phone and the phone and the bill, I mean. I see. Yeah. Yeah, sure. In other words, be before the cops must have had a weight air, some kind of a weight-art detector, so that they'd love, you know, they knew whether the people were local or from New York before they arrested him. Yeah, so no, we were, okay, the people come into your own town. And, you know, decide to think and do something like that. Of course, the natives are going to be more restless and an end. We are going to be in the business, yeah. Yeah. The business is going to be more, you know, we're in the front of the old dark bird. Have a nice life pal. Good luck to you. I never heard so many lame guy damic excuses for barbaric, grotesque, unacceptable, social behavior in my life. Rectualists, all the all of these things, you know. Pollockratman, Pollockrat. Go check a look at a mirror. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Many open lines, now all of a sudden. Just like yesterday, we managed for a couple hours yesterday, pretty, and then they kind of like ran out of, yes. Maybe they're getting lunch too, and they're getting a couple burritos. Because like I told you before the show today, crack cocaine is, you know, part of certain cultures, just like burritos and tacos are part of certain other cultures, you know. I don't want to like point any choosing fingers or anything like that, but I think I may have my thumb on something right there. Could be wrong, but I don't think so. I've seen it. Here's the mobile in Parkland, hello. Yeah, how you doing? Pretty good sir. Hey, you were talking a few minutes ago about President Gump. The answer is the Democrats were always afraid with Clinton that he would open his zipper, and the Republicans are afraid that he's going to open his mouth. Gumped at a loaf of his mouth, yeah. Also, Roger Roberts signed back using fact-day professional shfarks up. Yes, he is. And of good, a good part of the problem with black people is the shock death. When black? Not that we want to generalize, but go ahead. Correct. When they act in a civilized manner, in the presence of their more ghettoized brethren, they are accused of charming or acting right. Right. And this goes on to even when they speak properly. They are accused of charming and acting right. And this is where the problem is because there are good many black people who want to be accepted in society and act in the manner in which they should act. I remember when they get around, as I say, ghettoized brethren, they have to dumb down or perhaps you could say, cooing themselves down in order to co exist with these ghettoized vermin. Also, I was listening to a show yesterday. I can get a chance to call in and you were talking about the movie Pearl Harbor. Yeah. What a piece of garbage. Really? Oh, my God. It is, it is a soap opera. So, Joe Constell came and ran to the show on the show. I don't know who was still on the ear. And he said it was great. Well, I thought it was a surprise. We heard some of the other genji shows. Yeah. I'm ready. Ready, Ray. Ready, Ray. It is a piece of garbage. It is a soap opera. Yeah. That has used Pearl Harbor as a marketing device to get people into the theater. I'm not exaggerating. Not only are they marketing it here, but all over the world. Because you know, over an Amsterdam in my place, I have a satellite dish. And they were running Pearl Loads for this thing. And Ed, I mean, every damn channel, even on a goddamn cooking channel, just about everything you could imagine. We're just typing that out of this time. It is absolutely shameful what they are doing because they are using the suffering and the dead bodies and the hell with some of these brave men who served our country so gougedly in order to hype their lousy piece of trash. You know, so you know, we're going to go. We'd like to go. We'd like to go. I will let you go. Okay. Thank you so much. So he elected. Not. Joe said it was very good. He said Josh Harton was running around with a shirt off during the whole movie. So I think I'll probably just go on here 30 times. What's wrong with that? Huh? Good enough, raising the ghosty movie. And he said it was very good. I did too, which he has. Now was that movie? I saw him in Hall, which I always spot these people way ahead of the rest of the crowd. I always had my thumb on it. Halloween, uh, 20, whatever that was with the Jimmy Lee Curtis. But remember I was talking about that month? Yeah, I don't know which one though, which Hall of Wee. It was like the 20th reunion of it. He was the son and the Holy Ghost and the Center. Jimmy Lee Curtis, speaking of it. Maybe he could run on the same tick with the Janet Reno. She's a little less shaky. Well, how about we get sister Jean? Janet Reno and sister Jean, she can be the lieutenant governor. There's a balance ticket. Yeah, she can be a hold up her hand. And I can just imagine what she's got there too, you know what I'm saying? Oh man. Ever seen sister Jean's? 565 at 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Fries and wireless blind. A little bit of an echo here today, but that's okay. It's middle of the summertime. At least we're not talking about John Burl's getting fired. I don't want to start telling any sports people. I realize it's big news. They're all indignant and pissed off. But Jesus Christ already, okay? Okay. So nice guy, never stole a freight train to the pre-Dam Good Job. And Yati Adi Adi Adi. But it's all over with nobody cares. Nobody cares. Don't you people get it? I've never seen such a collective group of oblivious piece. Seriously, they just don't want to get the message. Nobody cares. And I apologize for mentioning Dave Van Boeringer, What her hell is name is? I mean, he is terminal. It's got a great voice, but boy, he should not not have to use it. Terminal. Makes you think Donald's son co-herred by comparison. I mean, just in a coma. Come on, Dave, somebody kick him in the ass a little bit. Wake him up, see if he's got a pulse. I think too many years in Montreal, eh? 26 after you're a noon, if I was to that, that night show. And I'm talking about music video that I'm talking about. Here's my me being, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you know, I'm originally from Detroit. And I hear these people talking about all this race stuff. I just want to say something. I think that, you know, if these people want to be equal, they ought to be equal. I mean, I used to get guys coming into my shop applying for jobs with the pants thing and down to their ankles. Yeah. You know, let me ask you, can I have a job? And I would say, you know, do you have a tender for other than that? And they wouldn't even bring a pen with them. And I said, well, I let me hold your pen. Let me hold your pen. Well, I just don't understand why. And I'm going to say, well, I can't pick if they want to be social. Why don't they be social? I mean, you know, I don't think an Africa, the culture was wearing your pants around your ankles. And, you know, and talking that talk and walking that walk, what does that have to do with that walk? Where we get that walk come from, my lady. Think stepping fetches start at that restaurant in the jungle. Where did that whole walk come from? Well, I saw a show on that evolution and they said that there's a leaf to the wall. I think they're the closest thing to the whole. Okay, great. Well, listen, I'll see you in Detroit on Call Street. 5 6 7 0 5 60, blue, pound 5 60 on the AT&T and wrecked horizon, wireless line. May. He must have just been a loser at track. You think so? Maybe we have to track. Maybe a DRC before closed down. Maybe a hazel park. Here's my any, hello. I don't. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? All right. I'm, as I got this kind of to say that a lot of your colleagues were calling and talking about black people. You know, however, the ones causing all the problems of the station, you know, and it's just one incident that happened, you know? They weren't crazy one day just having fun on a party. You know, why people do the same thing? And I would have not big as last New Year's Eve, seeing all the crazy tigers going on crazy and doing all crazy things. But no one other talks about that. No, no, wait. You didn't see anybody looting the stores in Vegas. Well, I saw people crapping on each other. Autoperson. They were crapping on each other. Yeah. So wow. You know, it's just, how do you make this or by for all the same? What other things you think together? We all have to take a crap. Well, okay. Well, I have a great day, Kyle. How was you going to save that for when I go away for the summer? We call the George back, you know, about three weeks. When I go away for the summer talk about people crapping on each other in Vegas. And then, uh, many balcony cars. Are they talking about crapping on each other? Craig? Yeah. I mean, eating ass is that that's old news now. That's that's Passa. We've transcended beyond that. And by we, we mean you. We did not say any of those things. Lord of any color. This guy was just talking about people crapping on each other on the other. Yeah. Yeah. He was. That's what I mean by we. You us him them. They all of these things. That was Neil. Neil didn't do it. Neil's not even here. He's on tape. This is a tape by the way. Pretty good scam don't you think? Oh, he doesn't Amsterdam. Running a scam. I taped this week's before I left. Because I knew that all this crap was going to go down. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Oh, yes sir. Hey Neil. Um, I'm a black guy. I was actually on stop. Be it chopping off a client. And one of the pot you saw tells on top of each. Right. And I'm sitting putting my client in the or checking my client and we go to the hotel room. But before I can get out of the hotel room. It was quite a commotion out of all the way with two guys talking about out. I'm going to kill each other over $17 or whatever. What? So it's the most embarrassing situation for me that I've ever ever experienced with one of a very, very big client and seeing it out for $320 tonight. Yeah. You know, I'm not going to make any excuses for anybody. But you have to be a black white or whatever. But specifically black people. I am sick and tired of making excuses or hearing excuses about black people and your ignorance. They're just plain old, freaking ignorant. Right. It fits me in because you can't tell of anything. And if you have a hip hop convention or any kind of convention anywhere that a lot of black people are involved in, I don't think it's an excuse from the least stupid. I would have hotel and I was thinking to myself, you know, if I would have hotel owner or manager or anybody that work there, it would definitely be something for me to say, I don't care who the hell you are. We have to write reviews that you in the photo cell. And in a mid-town erase it, the fact that a matter is, until people start realizing that just because you're a black, it doesn't give you an excuse to be stupid. And I'm really sick of it. I mean, and this has been going on and on. I mean, almost every walk of a job or a situation and black, especially black Miami. You know, it's embarrassing and quite frankly, I'm sick of it and I'm sick of making excuses or hearing people saying what it should do culture. Yeah. It's not our culture. You know, I mean, we're part of a large culture of American culture. Okay. Nothing to do with African Americans or Africa. We have nothing to do with being, you know, I grew up in an inner city. It's a stupid case. And anybody that's black out there that's listening to it, if your kids talk about it, then get a little bit more educated and a little bit more socially conscious. Amen. Also, thanks, pal. I'm every every group gets their, you know, they get real, uh, better shape. When somebody starts talking, and I understand when you generalize people have a right maybe to get upset. But it's the same thing with, uh, would you? Is there with Gays with any other group? I mean, I can't, I can't imagine what I talked about the, the gay rights parades of the, of all the missing screening queens, now I'm burasing that is to me. And how degrading. And the same thing with the Orthodox Jews, never behavior. But there's just some sort of, I mean, this last guy who was sensational. We should have like thousands of calls like that from other black people. Quite equally offended by the behavior of some of their folks because of a gay, it comes down on their head. Just like the behavior of the, the super Orthodox Jews, the intolerance. And this is where big of a treat comes from. They behave here a few and right away is projected to everybody in that group. Oh, look at that. Some of it actually eat this with a fork with a real fork. Beautiful. Thanks a lot, Ira, from Atlantic City subs where Ira makes the difference in the bread too. And Hollywood. I'm sure it's free. Yeah, we better start giving better, better plugs. Like, like, Jelty was doing this morning. I mean, suckin heavy duty. We could do a half hour. He was, he was suckin mark guys in Bruce Anstwe, right there on the air. It was embarrassed from guilty. And we're all the ways getting in trouble for that. For one. Just suckin mark guys in Bruce Anstwe. Oh, that's right. Where the month's always getting the kids. Hey, Greg, they were done. Not only talking about asked, they were sucking ass right there on the, I was seeing this morning. Talk about desperate for some numbers. Could it be real interesting tomorrow, wait, when we see those numbers come out. In fact, I want to find out this afternoon. That, you know, the trends coming out of 230. I want to find out exactly what's going on. Because I want to keep them on their toes. I don't want your roles. Speaking of keeping them on his toes. I don't want your roles finding any more skickos for his failures. Just this year alone, it's only the end of May. And just this year alone, you know, how many producers, your roles has had can be high, yeah. Here's the lady, mobile and candle, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Hey, I'm a black female here in Miami. And I'm listening to your last call and I agree with him 100%. But the problem that we have here in the black community is that there's a lot of us here that are educated, but there's a large group that you can dress up, but you can't take them anywhere. Uh-huh. You know what I'm saying? Right. I know exactly what you'd be saying. So, at five different opportunities concern, a lot of the news are just pretty good. Some of it is well degrading as far as female's are concerned. But, you know, you have these people that come from low income class, communities make good news there, give them some money, rest them up, and then they show how it gets. They're not in front of that money, educate themselves. What do you think about that? Well said. All right, take care. You can take care. Yeah, I sure do. And guess what? They forgot their freaking cheese. I don't want to start making a big shot in an answer about it. We'll put more than like an hour. Let it be between now and two is for more than like an hour and a quarter. About a landing service service forgot the cheese. Seriously, how do you make a fully cheese steak? How you're a cheese? And everybody will fill it off you. Or like to a jersey to cheer you here or in place in that area. And say, hey, I'll have a fully steak cheese steak. And get a sandwich with no cheese on it. Well, you don't have to bring another one. He's not going to do that. Sure, well. Well, that's that I'm not that that's embarrassing. Wouldn't that be embarrassing to do that? Making them come all the way back. He looked so depressed as it was. He didn't look too happy to be here. He didn't. He looked very depressed today. Now as we're going to be depressed because I'm ripping them and asked, it is very good. But it would be hell of a lot better if it had the cheese on it. I mean, it's like, you know, like, tasteless. The cheese is the whole thing. It would be like in the heart-fudge Sunday with no fudge or a whipped cream or cherries on it. I should call. Or like in Grace case, you know, no nuts. Now, call them up and see what he says before I eat another bite. Call them up and bitch them out. Say what else wrong with you people over there? For even to all this re-advertising, you've got about three crappy spots there because Neil and Burstie were doing that one holiday the money year ago. I mean, that's that we don't appreciate their good food. It's a great place. Their food is very good. We don't have to see Scott anymore, which makes me very happy with that delicious food. All those food that crap in his little that's floating below any lime is. I'm not going to see him. Man, what an assucker here. Everything good? Everything going. Yeah, everything's good. Go away, Scott. You know. And everybody's not good because there's no cheese on my sandwich. You idiot. Seriously, it's a good thing they don't make pizzas over there. They'd be some pizzas with no dough. Cheers, Pemor Pime. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? All right. Hey, I wish you the everydays. First time call or I just call about the poll. I would vote for Janet Reno. Yeah. Overboys. Yeah. Okay. Those last two calls were very intelligent. Yes, sir. Okay. Well, nothing's perfect. Five, six, seven, five, six. Other than that. Yes. It's the rest of it. Okay. It's fine. But I mean, if I ask you a message, it's the sauce and the cheese, good, whether they'll crush down a piece. You know, it makes it a little bit unusual. Scott can that one. Another one is coming. That is the shame that's true. How the story is. What is the word that, you know, they melt the cheese and mix it all together while it's frying. So it's actually in there, but you can't see it. But they're going to make another one with us. Oh, my hand, I have news for you. There is no cheese in the sand. Okay. I'll bet you a lot of God damn money. Somebody else is that there is no cheese in the sand. I'm telling you, stop eating. I'm going to do a little bit of a new one's coming. No, but I mean, I might have some kind of a moron. I mean, I mean, I mean, I'm maybe an idiot, but I'm not that stupid. Can I just go, could you tell it in addition to which if they did do that and they'd like a viscer way to the cheese. No, she likes that word. It would be good. That was because the words that one color was using that didn't make it right. Exactly. If they made that cheese like this appear vanish because they cooked it so thoroughly. And what's the point? You see what I'm saying? It would be like if you cooked a pizza and you cooked it so long, they're all sauce like this, a bit evaporating. And you know what is on its way? Good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Well, it's a shame to waste all that could take it home to the dogs. Why don't I do that? It's still on the rack for there. How the dogs would like it? A lot. Very good. Take it back out. Here you go. Hey, then I can know there was an waste basket with all that crap, because you could tolerate it. Yeah. And I'll still write a good tale and just suck it right up. Here's another one in Miami, hello. Pretty good, sir. All right. I've always had fish up right now. Every time I turn around, I feel the black people are on the floor. I'm a black person. I don't think you know black and I'm black. First of all, every time black people get together, which I've made a great thing with you, you're a little wild and crazy, and we do get come together and watch this. No, it's not like the only of you, me. It's just not the only of you. It's just not the only of you to be together and you just have to do it, happen crazy. What the problem? I mean, we don't say no to the white kids, we want to be a school or a school or everybody. I don't think about that, and how would you know about it, if nobody's sending about it. Oh, yeah, go away. Just go away. Don't go away, man. Just go away. I'm going to business you know, trying to salvage your lunch here today. I'm going to waste my time talking to you, but that crap. They don't say anything when my kids are shooting. I mean, well, where were you brains? Did you have a mirror in the house? Do you live in like with Bolo's a ghost? If you have a mirror in the house, go looking at mirror and take a look at yourself. Okay, and examine your brain if you can find one. Did you got a crap like that? You're not talking to some fool here, okay? Do you talk to what guys better want to block a few times? Stop making excuses. Stop making comparisons. Just take a look at what went on here and look at your keeps going on over and over again. And you know, start being just as nauseated by it as any other civilized decent human being. And this crap was Robert Stein back a lot. Well, they could afford to pick, you know what it reminds me of? Swach, some of the athletes in some of the big movie stars. They go in a rent bowl, a fancy fancy, a motel rooms, and then they trash the room, you know? And I'm sure that the hotel owners, no matter how much insurance they've got, when they all are said and done, they would have much rather wetted than some sheep around there, where they steal a money to rent the room, than a some big hot shot movie star. So we remain very unimpressed, Robert Stein back, that these barbarians who came in and tore up the beach over the weekend, that they had enough money to buy these fancy fancy hotel rooms. Big stinkin' deal. Yeah, I mean, this is a man who could rationalize away anything. So you can't complain about his credibility because he ain't gotten on. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's a lady mobile in Fort Pierce, hello. Hi, help. Yes, man. Am I your first female college today? A second or third. Oh, this one, I'm on my way out of Miami, thank God, to go hang out with some living and breathing people. Oh, right. But I wanted to mention, one thing you forgot to mention, although it's not a gathering on a very big scale, the room they're special in the ground where I live. They're a boom-bomb festival now. Every year they have several shootings and stabbing Benny, robberies, and I just thought I'd mention that. Oh, yeah, we mentioned that yesterday. Oh, sorry. Okay. Bye. Thanks. She's out of here. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. That's the one on the balcony, got shot at the airshow. Nobody just shot at Kai Yochio. Not coming in at any Julio's colleague in refuting that comment. It's probably because it's true. There's a busy grab in the sub. There's a busy grab in the ass. Probably their own. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, yeah, near you. Yes, sir. What was all these times you would go over hanging clothes on Obrillo and the beach, the other day? What were they doing? The police would put their hand in, robbered white people. What was they doing, nothing? It's me. And I heard you say this morning that we call you Kriaka and Kriang. The Kriang won't have you near. Yeah. No, it wouldn't. This is Kriang. Hello, hi, Debbie. I'm a student going through operations, John. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction? There's wondering, is there some tummy tuck? And lip augmentation, cosmetic breast surgery, face care, all of these things. Mm-hmm. There's wondering. What's the stomach? Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants, though? I can't be done. But the lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamb stop crying yet? Mommy. Excursory? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the lip herpset. Oh, the feature was being a bitch. Yeah. The kids passed, passed, passed time. So all these kids missed the bus. They're like milling about most parents. They either have a single parent or working parents, both parents worked. And our kid was the only kid with a ride home. So, you know, Mommy had to play bus service for the other kids. And if she hadn't been around with a car, they would have just been milling about 12-6-7 o'clock in the evening. Really? Yeah. With no way to call her. Kind of wrap his head. It's a really grossly responsible crap. That's going on all the time. And just so happened to happen to us yesterday. We had a better kid busy. We had a job at all. They promised it a world that we'd better get busy somewhere. Better call up Mike Segel. Start solving all these damn problems. We're going to solve this racial problem today by two o'clock. Then tomorrow we're going to work on it. Problem with the schools. Shaving all the kids out on the street. Then I'm Friday. We're going to solve the problems that the legal and medical professions. So by the end of the week, we can be. And then next week we'll solve this damn gas problem. I mean, these are like 11 and 12-year-olds kids. Energy problem. All these gas prices. Problem out there with gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay,AD, AS Keith and David and California and the energy. We're going to solve all these problems in the next two weeks. Always cracks me up like this. And these intentions were good... That's A billion yearl to the whole. If you're not going to change human nature, on an radio talk show, Pail to talk show. We're sitting here flagging our gums, that's all. Bap them. You know soccer is cheap. But as long as you have assholes like Robert Steinberg making excuses for this this anxious craft it was supposed to be a responsible major daily newspaper just because a bunch of people had enough money to go into a fancy fancy hotels. Big thing in deal is that you have the entitlement to run around and loot to their neighborhood and steal a bunch of craft and screw up people's businesses and then turn the whole area into an outdoor toilet and outdoor trash can. I don't see any of that in the article by the way here. Check-ass. Here's time for a time, hello. Neil? Yes sir. You know, I was out there on a Sunday night. What sounds like a whole town was out there, you know? Yeah, yeah, I was out there. When I noticed you was out. It wasn't the local. It was all these guys from like, you know, and we got some not traveling in the city. How do you know that? Yeah, because they were there for that fastball game, but Jay and Z and all these low-level soldiers and all of that characters are there. It was those who out here, you know, making the locals look bad, you know? But I had one out there, you know? It's a pandemic, you know? Everybody had fun. But it wasn't the local coming here. The Robert Steinback must have a wrong and the article when he says most of those arrested were local people. I'm not just made that up. Maybe the cops still just made that up. Yeah, it just might be my observation from what I've seen. Yeah, yeah. When you better start checking, Robert's license is next time. 560550, pound-fives and anything. They must have radar. I mean, I could understand when you're talking to somebody, you know, where you're from, you know, etc. I'm not from New York. But just seeing a whole bunch of people milling around and then suddenly no one in the wild, these ones over here, they're from Jersey. And it's the, they're from the Bronx, this crowd over here, I guess you know that. That was a bad example. 560560, pound-fives 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. The Georgia is going to be doing a series of shows about Puerto Ricans. Next time I go on vacation here in about 3 and a half weeks. In fact, he's going to be doing a whole summer on Puerto Ricans eating ass, which ought to be pretty interesting. Hey, Greg, you're talking about Puerto Ricans ass. What do I try to do? Thanks to both of that. Here's the mobile and full of Lauderdale, hello. Yeah, hi. Yes, sir. You traveled here extensively in Italy and we're planning a trip to Venice and Naples and Rome and Florence. They tell me Venice is not the cleatestity in the world. Have any opinions? Never been to Venice or Naples and I wouldn't go to either one of Venice, they got the canals. They say they're not as bad as they were, but they think and Naples is for Schlepper. Naples is overrun with the poverty and gypsies and why would you want to go there? I guess it's all part of the cruise. Can I give you my opinion on this? Great thing. You know, more should get half the dual course with family dysfunctional families. A lot of that should do the economic problems. A lot of about half to do with education and I think that it's hard to paint it. It's hard to paint it. It's hard to brush over everybody and there's always good and bad in every group. But I think that it apply deeply to white on black or red or any other color. And then these streets and the apply you can have crime problems. Well, family don't care about each other. Usually, because the kids turn to games and other things that they call the lot of crime. What do you think about that? Well, I mean, seeing if these are to make excuses for people, but you know, people have to be responsible for their own behavior. We talk about that every day on this program is that this is a country where nobody wants to be responsible. It's always the parents fault or somebody else's fault. When do people have to be held accountable? We're not talking about little children. We're talking about people all the time to be considered adults, at least on it along. Why agree with you 100% on that? People have to be held responsible. The society has been reticulated. Everybody else is what they have to do. I mean, if you want to business and I come in with a bunch of my buddies and we trash your business and we literally turn it into a toilet and we cost you $1,000. You don't want to hear a story about my upbringing and a whole song in advance. No, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'll read what that's sandwich. I don't know. I don't know how this defensive business. Why can't they just say we made a mistake? They're very nice people. We appreciate all the food. They got great stuff. We should be doing good. I'm a billion dollars for the business. Yadi Yadi Yadi. But they made a mistake. They screwed up the F-duff. I was thoughtful. But I understand. And I hate really. If you know this, my dog's going to eat that. I don't care whether you know this or not. He searched that he's covered. It was there any cheese in there? No. Absolutely not. I couldn't even smell any cheese. No. Believe me. You can smell cheese. Anybody with as much force can as George is seeing. He's a lovely thing. Oh. Good. I've seen plenty. No cheese though. Of course, I haven't been back to Spain yet. It's so one or nine and five six me, I'll go to Spain. Oh, he didn't say Bob Sagt did it. Because every time I hear that name, I think that damn Sagt, I just can't stand him. One, thirteen and five sixty, WCM. Now what is this? If I need more info and it's so much of a hockey tapes. All games that I would love to. But it does never. Information on it. CK and CFN. K. I better watch myself. It's got all these again, but doesn't say where you get him. It's got a phone number here. Okay. I guess we'll find out. Anybody care about that? No. Anybody care about Dave Van Boing of the. No. Okay. So they just don't care guys. I realize you got to have some to talk about. To fill up four hours of your video. But they don't give a crap about the marlins. About John Bols. About Dave Van Boing about any of these things. They don't care. That's why they're not showing up. There is no interest except for the same 10 people. You keep talking to everybody. For 20 hours a day. You get it? No. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake. Hello. Yes. I'm so kind and about the chaos on the beaches. Yes, sir. Most of everybody that was arrested was from New York and Lannoy D.C. And the thing about them staying in the high, bright hotels like the. The same. But we went and did sweets through the. To the hallways after running everybody out of the woods and in the hotel. We weren't guests of the hotel. And we were going through and knocking on doors and there was 10 people. People were going. That's why they were able to afford. 300. About a night hotel. When you had this thing. There's dollars. Yeah. 25 bucks is worth it from 300. Exactly. So that's what was going on this weekend. But most everybody that was arrested was out of town. There's not a lot of locals work. Well, I guess Robert Steinback got his info wrong because he quotes the assistant chief of police down on the look as saying that most of those arrested for local people. We were in the trenches and most of all the ideas taken and drugs like the taking would help on New York. Everybody that we stopped the correct. Well, traffic violation to church and the traffic being on the sidewalk. Drinking in public. Everybody had New York. I got to be pretty. Excellent. I said the answer is put them all on a bus on the back of New York. Yeah. That's the answer. Did you mention he was a cop on the air. Did he have to? Okay. Well, about it he had to be. That's what he made it pretty obvious. It's just like looking for that cheese. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T. See, now I'm probably being a perch and I'm sure that the audience. Not that I really give a crap what they're saying. Get away because that would be something new and unique for me to start worried about what the audience thinks which I don't. But, you know, I mean, I do in the wrong thing by having them come back. That was your idea by the way. It was not my idea. The record is making sure you understand what your just idea. To call back it and line it so he subs and make sure that I became back. There's somebody we would know the sandwich. I was well good like pick it that thing, you know. And sit here in Pellie and Kabbada for another round of half a jag. I guess they didn't want me to do. I mean, it's for free for quite a lot. Talk about being a great full cheat, you son of a bitch with all the money that I'm making. And I'm sitting here and making them come all the way back. That's pretty nasty even for me, isn't it? I don't care. I don't care what you think. And I want to write, you know, if you're going to bring me something, don't bring me something half past. And then expecting to sit here and like, oh yeah, this was really great. You know, I'm not going to do that. I'm not a suck up like guilty. I'm not that hard up for free food. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hey, what's up Neil? Yes sir. Yeah, uh, forgive me because I just turned in a little bit ago. So, okay, you're forgiven. I'm on the subject a couple of years ago. More than five years ago, I think. Now, there you could be a festival in a yearly event that might be to it a lot of time. But on my promoter called Peter Thompson, how can I be down? It was an herb and dust, but kind of like what this was. But they just continue to learn it, give it a permitting it because they just draw a good one on people. It's a creative, a long environment. Similar to what happened this weekend, I mean it was a yearly thing. You know, even though the hotels and the clubs benefited, you know, on a fairly, you know, when everybody left down, it was the place like wrapped. Right. It was beat up. So, they made the mistake of number one is they dropped the, uh, the club age from 18 and over. I got all these little urban kids kids and they hit pop in the rap. But they're baggage jeans. They've got nowhere to go. So, all week they age and here comes the summer. And also this event comes the child drawing big names, you know, artists and and entertainers and all kinds of things like that. And they can come and cruise around. What did they expect? Did the city honestly think they could just, you know, allow this to come back again because it's a week summer because the hotels are drying up. I was trying to cover the rest pretty good right now, the city, but it's obvious that they had very, very, um, they were cool. They didn't do anywhere near the amount of planning that they should have, they were totally unprepared and they really screwed up big time. If they were going to have all these things go on the same time, they should have had just that I've come and sensed to realize that we're going to need a lot more preparation than they gave and a lot more manpower. Well, thanks for letting me comment. Okay, I'll read you. Go. Don't see. Oh, and it's speaking of that. Just to show that I'm not a hard-ass racist son of a bitch. Okay, did this idea of cultural attitudes? It's not that I keep telling you about the dust people. I mean, as much as I love Poland, I love Amsterdam and I have a great time over there and it's a wonderful place and socially, very progressive and in other ways, very abacward, but I love it. But, remember what I talked about how the people are there, like you get on the camera, you're on a train and they elbowed by me. And my friend John calls it their concept of personal space. And you know what I say when he every time he says that bush met, that's what I say to that. It's got nothing to do with the concept of personal space. It has to do with being rude, inconsiderate, and has to do with a cultural flaw. Nobody's perfect, including me, even. I mean, look at me. I'm asking for another free sandwich. But seriously, it's a cultural thing that's very offensive and I accept it. I mean, just that's a tolerate it. You know, I'm not going to change it. But they're rude. And in fact, I'll tell you something, the older Dutch man, I say like 45 plus. I don't see too much difference from them in the Heinrich-Himler. They're like Nazis to me. But of course, I'm not hanging out with too many old Dutch men. Thank God. That's too many. Not any. Except my landlord, I can't help that. Is it Nazi? The one that's been a half hour talking about the Jews. Ah, the Jews are half. You know, it's quite anyway. He's okay for a Dutchman. 560, 50, 50, 50, Pont, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless lunch. But the fact that the matter is that this business of well, we're just going to do our thing. And you're going to put up with it. Full crack. Stop making excuses for those people in your midst, for the guerrillas in your midst. Stop making excuses for it for Christ's sake. This balloony about well, we got to get along, we got to, well, well, well, there's a good way to stop making excuses. If all decent civilized people get together and point the finger and say, hey, guess what? This is no way for people to behave. Then that's the beginning anyway. As opposed to sitting in there arguing about it, is if there's some debate over whether people come in and loot and turn a place into a toilet. And that's acceptable or not. The answer is no, it's not. Here's Boca, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, how are you? Great. Hungry. Hey, that's terrible by your sandwich. Can you believe that no cheese on a cheese steak sandwich? I'm going to be able to do that. I mean, what kind of a bozo would do that? And then you pretend that it was in their melted somewhere, you know. The biggest problem, Neil, I've been to, just getting to the, to the theft of all the things that we had in society. Or not even a whole entire society. With the right people, you can have a whole bunch of people in an area without having anything to say, you don't need the other guy trying to make excuses for it while the city should have been prepared. Well, let me say again, there were two to three million people at the air show just two weekends before and four-laterdale. You know, as well as I do that the strip of beach and others, I wrote my sandwich, ice-co and I wrote what a guy is and he's all embarrassed and read it in a face. Yeah, I bring it on in our list. In fact, I want to inspect it this time to make sure that cheese is on here. How come we didn't have any of this at the air show? Would I know that I'm looking at all the young people that were there? Exactly. One of the point I've been to seven dead shows and probably about 12 fish shows. And so, you know the criteria that goes along with that crowd, people sit up, 10 people sleep on, rest stops. That's okay, where you don't have to want to kiss, that's okay. Go ahead, sir. But, but what I'm saying is you don't have out of these whole people, you have a bunch of people that are in there about music and about real music. Not as a zip hop kind of, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And the other guy said, if you didn't want to point finger at black people, well, I don't know what neighborhood they are. I see the cheese. I don't know what he grew up in. Yeah. But, you know, I was born in Miami and I'm out of there because it's just, it's just, it's a pit. It's really, it will. It's a little down there. So, anyway, it's just our attitude. If everybody would just take a little responsibility, get on the right tune and stop, you know, blaming everybody else and just, you know, can we all just get along together? Amen. Well, sir, sounds good. Not going to have, but it sounds great. It's, including how a great thing. Thank you. All right. Thanks to Ira, came back in here all red face of polygetic and chicken my hand. Look at all the goddamn music put on his way too much. You're a fact. I look so nice and stringy and gooey. Oh, oh my god. Wow. That's really good. See, that's the way a Philly cheese takes the most of me. Of course, don't you want to Philly cheese? They don't even have like cheddar cheese on them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I mean, this is like a mozzarella cheese. What kind of cheese do you have on a Philly cheese thing? Cheddar. Cheddar. This is mozzarella. Oh well. I'm not that I want to know your sandwich. Here's a call from Western, hello. Hey, me, how are you? Okay. Two quick comments I'd like to make. I live in beautiful Western and I had to get in the tidy bowl boat and head on down to my Amy today. Yeah. I like tidy bowl man. And I saw the most bizarre occurrence on the Palmetto expressway I've ever seen. You know when you're driving along totally speeding and you notice a cop is getting on to the exit and everyone slam in their brakes. I'm driving in the middle lane, this guy in a Kawasaki ninja is next to me. The cop kind of eases on for the road. We're all kind of going together at 55. The guy in the ninja red lines is bike. Take off. The guy had to be doing 150. I look over at the cop who was this blackling and she's smiling. Didn't say something. I'm telling you the guy must have been doing 150. I guess you wasn't going to be. We even in and out. Yeah. And another thing I wasn't Tampa recently and I was listening to the radio over there. That's him. And on the rock station they kept playing songs and they kept playing the shot word. I heard like three songs were the worst shot. In Tampa? In Tampa? How do you like that? I'm telling you he even take one in Tampa. Don't let that get song that they play here with. They always going out the word. The word was flying over there. And there was another song where they said bull shot too. Huh? Right on the radio. How about you, Dan? Can you play some for me? What's that? The big black band car alarm? Okay. Love you, Neil. Have a great life there. See. Well I told you that Tampa is a foolish mid tonight and I was right. You know what's the last thing that you used to say? He's an asshole. Yeah. Any? No. Well like I said, generally you expect to have cheddar cheese on a meal fully cheese taste sandwich. But before the end of the day, because this will do you know for today. Maybe they went out of cheddar and that's what this is all about. You think? I don't know. I'm just making excuses. Oh. Don't be making excuses. Where were you seeing how embarrassed he was? Time mortified he was. Yeah, I'm going to get you iron. That this is this is and don't take it personal. We love you. This is for Scott. This is payback for Scott. Everything good? No, it's not Scott. No cheese, the wrong kind of cheese. I guess maybe tomorrow we'll get one with cheddar cheese on it. Like a real fili cheese. See, this is the problem here. Like most of the food down here is airzots. You know, the, the, the regional foods that they have here. Airzots, except of course for the white hots from McDonald's. And then the other place up there that burned down. I was looking for a feast box. 26 after one and five sixty WQ and I did a wrong spot by the way. The previous break which you were oblivious because you know, it doesn't really make any difference as long as you get them all in here. So you're going to clock back and go back this week and I wasn't even in challenge until Sunday afternoon. Of course, you run away from it. Well, what does that mean? I run away from it. You won't explore it. Why don't you go down there for a night. Are you, are you listening to anything that I'm telling you or not? I listen. Are you, are you, are you tired? I am listening, but I'm responding to what you said. Are you talking to all these people who've called in and all the people who've been on the news last three or four days. After all, making these things up. I didn't say that. Did I? Then what I, then what I am saying, I think it happened. It wasn't as bad. Yeah. As some people for a train. Well, how bad is it have to be before it's bad? What is bad? What is good? I don't know. I did it subjective. You're telling me in your opinion. It wasn't so bad. Everybody else, most of the people to say it was pretty damn bad. I drove a cab out there. Yeah. Do you think I was in the war zone? I have no idea. I don't know. I have no idea. Why don't you tell me? I don't have any need to go and see it. Of course not because you're close minded. No, it's not because I'm close. Yeah, I'm not doing an investigative reports here. I'm not going to say a report on it. I'm not reporting on it. I'm disgusting. I'm not reporting on it. I'm not going to say it here in waste my time. Arguing with a heart ass like you. Okay. Go drive your cab. Right. Jack ass. Why don't you go out there and see it happens every weekend. Well, you know something? Let it happen every weekend. If that's the idea of life, more power to you. Have a great time. Knock yourself out. Like, Rene Moreska said, you know, shout, shout, shout, knock yourself out. For like somebody else said, when a question or we doubt run in circles, screaming, shout. Yeah, you're close minded. Yeah, you won't come out there in a bit. I'm sure there's a lot of crap going on on an overtime too. Am I going there this weekend? Oh, I don't think so. But sure, since you got your cab, want you to drive over there and Monday, you can call or meet Paul. What's going on this weekend? And overtime. You're the first and before. So I want to ask you people, you're all exaggerators and liars. And this guy, he's got his thumb right on. He's happy. You made some money. They're driving his cab this weekend. And things weren't so bad. Here's a pig reporting. Timmer fine. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, they are right outside of timber clay, so I'm intrigued. I'll hire eightish and tap street. Oh, it's high edus and tap that's their favorite. You got pulled over there, didn't you? I used to live right there. He used to get tickets there all the time. Oh, be glad you're not here. I'm very glad I'm been there in years. Okay. Well, thanks for the tip. You're welcome. Yeah, that's pepper pine bullies. They're really the best. That's their favorite tricks. Sitting there in the medium. Hide behind the bushes. Tathed and hide. Is I used to live right there? There are village lakes. Where to cross in that piece of place. Where the guys son used to work. Five six seven, five. What? Traffic. They're awful now. Because they built all that stuff. My dear. Right down the street. The doctor. Dr. Gary. Dr. Lockdown. Dr. Gary. Right down the street there. Right by your Johnson. Five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and and Verizon wireless line. Yeah, you go. Check it out. You start doing investigative reports. Lights out. Seventeen, those two. Here's a hate facts. I love these. Well, I'm not necessarily hate, but just in other ways. Like that. Because they're all angry here, you know. If it's not Amsterdam, it sucks with several exclamation points. The guy who called the last few about Venetia and Napoli and you gave some stupid comma as usual since you saw a opinion on everything. Actually, you know a little about Europe and old. Not K and old W and old little. Misspelled. More on. Didn't I say I haven't been to either one of them? Did I say that to the guy who called? I haven't been to Venice or Naples. I've been to Naples Florida and Venice, Florida. I told him what I had heard and what I've read and what I've been told. But nevertheless Venice for anyone that is from the United States will find it a wonderful experience. The architecture museums and charming hotels are all wonderful. The glass blowing factories are a treat and very interesting. Napoli is the culture of Italy. The houses are hanging on the cliffs. The great cheap food and the port to the ferry of Capri and Iiscia. Whatever it is, they're all part of the culture of that country. I guess if there are no gay young boys in the city or country according to you, it's such interesting though, but both in Italy and Napoli have a very active gay population. Active as opposed to passive. I see. If not Amsterdam, then there is no McDonald's. The travel life is good Roger. Things that must stink. Personally, I think Amsterdam is one of the most boring cities in Europe. Yes, it is open that drugs in all lifestyles, but it is boring as hell. Every canal looks like in the food is bland and who wasn't for the Xanfort to beat about half our way by train. It has nothing to offer. Unsyme. In of hate. Well guess what? I guess I want to answer to Am I? No. Good. Or Venice or many of those other places because obviously you're stuck here. I'm not. And I got a whole drawer full of plain tickets and hotel reservations. Too much of other places in Europe besides Amsterdam is somehow how do you like that? Smart ass. And none of them happen to be Venice or Naples. And I'll understand by what I said about Naples even though I haven't been here. Because I've talked to many, many people and read much about Naples in late. It's for Schlepper. It's loaded with gypsies. It's the capital of one thing in Italy and that's poverty. But have a good time there. Okay, because you'll fit right in like a glove. Like I told you before. I'm not here to sell on Amsterdam or Toronto or Las Vegas. Already had a place that I enjoy have a good time. It's for Berlin, foreign Prague or Barcelona. Any other place that I like? If you don't want to go there, fine. Great. I'll send you a goddamn Philly Cheesecake sandwich with much of a lot of cheese on it. I mean, who is the guy that made this, huh? Wasn't there? He needs to busy drive it. Yeah, he was busy driving back and forth and acting wheel embarrassed. I don't blame the Irish. I'd be embarrassed to have to be scared. Probably Scott. You got your thumb on that right. Scott. Yeah, he's about as Jewish as Deco. You know, he wants to eat some deli. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Leo. Yes, sir. I can't believe that cat driver. I'm a police officer and I worked down there this weekend. We've made more of the rest of the two days than we've made the whole month. How do you like that? He says it's like that all the time. Yes, I worked there on the weekend and it's just, it was just out of control. There were all savages. Huh? And the bottom line was that there were way too many people. We could control was poor planning. They had the chief R.T. Barrettle told the city that we need a more officers. They said no. We're not going to hire any more officers because of money because we are going through contract negotiations right now. For the police officers. So they said we're not going to hire. So then we get about 300,000 savages over there. And now the city's were flooded. And every time we stop someone, five six video cameras pop up and they go, well hey, we want to make money off of you. For civil rights violation. Oh, come on. That's all I got to see you. Okay, thanks. He must be a liar just like all the other colleagues according to the camera. Everybody's a liar except him. She I believe this cop and I believe everybody else is called because they, I mean, why would they make it up? What, what acid they got to grind? None. Five six, seven, five, six. Probably the camera. We must be Robert Steinberg's boyfriend or something like that. Maybe he's given him a ride. Here's a moment for a lot of day, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I've been listening to you for a long time. Then I appreciate everything you've been saying on the radio. And you're really the word of wisdom on the air. Yes, I am. As come back to this come back. No matter what color you are. Mm-hmm. I'm a part two year old that meal. And those people on the beach on the weekend. They were just come back. You cannot be doing that to people's property. And you are just telling it like this. And for all those people who are black, who are calling you, they don't have a problem with just seeing the true Florida. If they're white, they're scumbags. If they're Italian, they're scumbags. If they're black, they're scumbags. If they're doing something against the law. Right. That's right. That's right. What they did on this weekend just proves that there were a lot of black scumbags on the beach this weekend. Right. Well said. And keep it up here. Don't let these people get to you. Oh, they don't. Not as long as I have my fake Philly Chiefs they say on which I'll be okay. At a rate day pal. Have a bite for me. Okay. And that's that we should do. Yeah. If they're at some young boys, they're in Venice and Naples and by the way they're at. And you know, it's the one little line in there in the facts about it. He's also an expert. Or what day? Yeah. Right. What I do with the first. All of them have to. You have to say that with children. No. No. I did not. I'm maybe a. I should make candid. Yeah. But how they happen to be very active of gay. Yeah. Get some fag. You're a faggot. Okay. You're not full of me. You're a faggot. You probably am a less than all their boys over there with a pulp. Who the hell are you? Can. So, let him be for two or five sixty wqm. And now it's time for this poor strength tip for the day brought to you by champion light. L.Y.T. Did you know that if you work on a treadmill for half an hour, you bring anywhere from 125 calories. You know that. Oh, no. No. No. Oh, destiny's child. I'll tell you one thing. You need to be a set down under. I mean, weigh down under. So, what are you talking about? I forgot the whole thing about Bush's daughter again. Yeah. Bush's daughter again. Not another one of those. Drunken. He tried to buy Bush again under age. Oh, I think I did. Apparently. I'm getting snippets of the story here. Unfox. Well, must be true if they're admitted to it because, you know, there are ten yards to the right of a shoulder. Oh, not Bush's daughter again. I guess that's come back good thing. But they want an employee yesterday. I guess they got that nail down pretty good. 400-3 votes to the poll today so far on theorodg.com. If the election for Florida Governor will be held right now today, who do you vote for? Janet, we know Jeff Bush or neither one of the above. Janet, we know he's kicking his ass. Wow. 245.5%, 50.7%. Jeff has got 74, 18.3%. And either one of the above 84 has even been in him with 21%. How do you like that? Enough of the Bush's. I think they've had enough of the Bush's. All their scandals, all their bull crap. Just kind of like his daughter's though. At least we know she's not going to be messing around with no woman. Oh, Janet. Janet. Here's the mobile on the... Oh. Huh. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to make three points about the top beach at a KFB. Yes, sir. I want to point on one of me. Uh-huh. If the police was not tight enough, we wouldn't have this BF going on in South Beach. And they weren't tight enough? They're the guy. They want more police officers out there, you know? Because they said the police officers took that for granted. Point number two. No, the police didn't decide how many were going to be there. The city decided that. Oh, yeah. I've got through Thomas that. Yeah. And I feel that should have been more police because they shouldn't know what was coming. And two. It wasn't the people that was from Miami that called the chaos. It was the people that we were hearing this is a new time. Yeah. Yeah. It was from the people that were from artists. They were what the business is. Oh, yeah. I understand that. But you know that when anything that any FESO or any party that goes up in South Beach, people from other places are going to come. And you know, not only from New York, but people from the Midwest, people from the West, people from the South, especially, it is going to, it caused more more more chaos in levels. Well, let me ask you something. Aren't there people from all over the world on South Beach all the time? Sure. So look at what diversity makes. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I understand that. I can't talk about a name of cues to me. No, because you know, because it is because you know that. So I've got so popular throughout the years and people left to come, especially people from other places. Yeah. People love to come, huh? Yeah. That's the reason why I want to make the main reason because of the chaos is because of the females. You know that the men when they're females up in South Beach, you know everybody, every men are going to get all routes up sexually driven with their chest. Well, I get my car on the reason the leaf South Beach to the Fags and they cut all that crap out. Won't have to worry about that anymore. That's a good excuse in it. Yeah. The men get aroused when I get that scent. You know, like Al Pacito said, the scent of a something. Maybe we just discussed. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. First, I could temple that mentality a last caller. You are here, is where, honey? Look, I've been working in the South Beach industry for almost 20 years. Okay. I go in front of you, is Richard McRae. Right. So, Kelly, they've hosted a winter visa conference every year. We get thoughts of the people from all over the world. And there's never any problems. Okay. Yeah, this is a excuse that we keep hearing me pretty much about 20 times today. That most of the trouble makers were from out of town. How you're a two that most of the people on South Beach right now are from out of town. Exactly. Exactly. They're always from out of town. Right. People from everywhere, Spain, everywhere. And this is a problem when the hit pump crowd comes in and starts taking over that. It's a problem. I feel really bad because I saw a lot of really decent people try to make something out of their businesses. You know, having dinner and restaurants, place to work, I can't follow them. You know, people trying to do something right. And then the hit come in and screw it up for everybody. I mean, let's, let's be realistic here. It's not, you know, it's not a matter of how to establish a matter of the kind of crowd that was there. Exactly. It's that simple. I mean, and I'm really pissed off of the radio stuff. TV stations. They're like, sure they're calling everything. What if it's come from Spain? They're not going to be bullied. No, they've got to be politically correct. They're scared, she metless men. They don't want to say anything that might even slightly in any way be constituted at racially. They did just terrified. I mean, I've worked so many events on South Beach. I mean, from even even the millennium years Eve, which was no crowded in this thing. They don't know problems there. Yeah. I mean, this is, I'm ever able to get this line. We ought to get the last guy in the cab driver to do it toward together. Exactly. Okay. I know. I've Richard calling that, you know, he can tell you. He can, he can accept his, his conferences great. And there's never any problem that there's over 6000 people from everywhere in the world. Including bridge and the bridge, you know how they get when they go. Okay. I mean, they were not even happy about it. These guys. That says it all. Hang in there, Pral. All right, man. Thanks. Okay. That's going to do it for us. And then we saw the problems in the world today. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it's all about. It's all about the problems. Yeah. How's your sandwich? Uh, it's stuck. No, I was pretty disappointed. I mean, to go through all of that and then wind up with this. Errorsock, make believe. Maybe tomorrow they can do a little bit better, you know. Or maybe we'll find some other place that can do better. Bye, bye, bye. The real Roger Hill. I'm going to find a C. Double gun by showing you. Yeah. My driving front motor dial. And good afternoon at 2 o'clock. The hammer is up next time. 10 maud and with a show. I'm spoiled.