Way M by Abby Portlaterdale. A piece of a group stage of MWQAM.com for the world. I'm 16. WQAM presents a Neal Roger show of the field. I'm 16. I'm 16. I'm 16. I'm 16. I'm 16. I'm 16. I'm 16. I'm 17. I'm 17. I'm 17. I'm 17. I'm 17. I'm 17. I'm 17. I'm 14. I'm 17. I'm 17. I'm 17. I'm 21. I'm 17. I'm 22. I'm 14. You're 22. I'm 17. I can hear what asshole. I'm working through her bedroom window. Oh! And by the name of your day, my wicked. When I did I knew who was with her, I got into the new city of play over the fish. I gave my girlfriend for rocket jails. I could call the bitch once upon a time. I still hear how big a bitch may be. And I found out, to give it to you with a knife. I did that bitch to him. Oh! This too dark to sin. She'd be better with her whole sick. And that's damn confusing. I don't believe she's no real to me. But I'll cure five six to WCW. I'm happy Tuesday. Boy, is this a great day or what? Oh yeah! For many reasons, of course. A lot of rumors going around. Here in the rumors gone. That's what I'm hearing. We'll get to those in the second. A lot of stuff in the business going on. A lot of radio stuff, which is good, because it's been pretty like Stail lately, pretty drunken. For example, thanks for bringing this in, Moth. Moth probably this thing from the end. It's amazing how much different stuff shows up in the day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day- to a close. You did it if you had no will come down and might have to, and the best allocation to aPP-all that's almost like they do, as well as experience. I never stopped by to say hi or anything. What's his name? Wise Bill. Yeah, not so wise Bill. Looks like he just ran under a lawnmower. Never saw him, though, because you were he didn't think about it yet. No, never came about to give me a kiss goodbye, no tongue or nothing. Didn't even eat my ass. The key to Cox, he's an entertainer, Bill, said. He'll add a whole new dimension in the radio station. Yeah. All right, right, they had sunny. I take that away, whatever I just did on there. Well, no, they don't need, they don't need on Cox to add that dimension. They just had sunny on there. We thought we needed to try something different and Cox does something a little bit different. But Cox, 51, has also had a number of runs with a long, including a drunk driving rest and the guilty pleaded charges of delivery and possession of cocaine, it says. Charge is a WKIS. We're not not expected after January's overtron rating showed the station falling 10 places to 17th at the lowest ranking in more than three years. I'm not way of a station named Robert W. Walker, another veteran of South Florida Pops, doesn't program director. So Johnny Dark evidently doesn't get to job. Remember he was on here, suck at a mile, real heavy duty, a couple of weeks ago. For that gig. And it looks like he can't get in it. He can't get in it. But the reason he can't get in it is because I think I don't do it by their state where we were speculating before. Well, I have to because we're getting this whole infinity broadcasting for a moment, dearly. Looks like we might be getting sad. We don't want to start any rumors or get any hard bodies to help subteriors like you're doing a dance in there. He's exclusioned. It says initially constantly paired with Gator Brooks during his 530 to 10 AM shift. Although KISS is a little beginner search for a female coho shirtley, that said the station's contract with the Hershey Highway in Fox will have been partners for 22 years and while 100 magic and other station is about to expire. It's about to expire. There's Bill McKisson, 1996. But they're contracts about to expire. And it seems interesting that many contracts which have expired or about to expire here, people are getting new contracts. So the rumors that are flying around wildly, and of course all the locks on the doors here yesterday being changed, just a coincidence. Yeah, just another one of those strange coincidences. And Bob Ramuk comes in here, a corporate sales, even as, or engineer, whatever all his titles are. It says, oh yeah, we didn't know why up here on the third floor. Now, we're always way behind the game. And we know that. And there are too many master keys running on. So time to change the locks. Do we believe that? No, no, pretty lame. When you're working the business, they start changing locks. I mean, either somebody who's had the master keys getting fired or some major shake-up is about to take place. Ain't that correct? I think so. Also, here's a more scoop that just came some more poop and scoop that just came off the wire here off the tax machine. Thank you. As previously reported on all access, KLAC Los Angeles will flip from adult standards to talk as the buzz on or around April two. When John and Ken's return to FUN drivers to their KFI will bump Bill Henry, the KLAC's morning slot on take the lay, the show will continue to be produced for a permerson vacation live in the afternoon. Do you understand that? No. What if the polls are going to be live in the afternoon? Are you sure? And KLAC is going to put it in the morning drive? How do you play a morning drive show on take the lay? Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah, bad idea. It sounds like today. I don't get that. And KFI night host Tim and Neil. Tim and Neil? Oh God. Move to KLAC's afternoon slot. I didn't know I was doing a show on LLA. Who's your friend, Tim? I'm jealous. None you. LLA, ready all the way to the end of this. LLARadio.com is reporting that premier's Jim Rumble, who from Sister Sports KXTA for a 90-amton noon from a per-talent Lionel joins for ending. Oh, what a lineup. KFI weekend to Wayne and Kuzan about to have another crap. So Rumble is moving from 9 to noon, which would make a show like, or would be a different one, would it be noon to 3 still? We don't want to lose Rumble, do we? Oh, no. We want to hang on to him for due to life. On the other one, where is Alice Rantel? Maybe coming back. I don't want to start all these different radio rumors. And there are people out there who kill about this stuff. Alice Rantel, remember her? Oh, yeah. It's having intensive meetings with people during the Rana Wolf don't call me Rana Fink. No, it would not be great. Be back on stupid talk. Now, let's see. Last time Alice was on their back in the infundase of the stupid talk, he had, what kind of a number do you have a point behind? Yeah, something like that. I think it was a little right at a point behind. Like a point six. So the obvious question is, what's the point? So I'll be that as it made there you go with our latest radio scuttlebub. How that poor come out yesterday? Well, they did put up a big time. Now, let me just say one thing about yesterday's poll that I didn't think about. That you came close. You sniffed around the edges of it, but didn't put your thumb on it. And the fact is that the question, which public figures death affected you the most, it isn't so much what have they done lately or what? It's when did they die? When did they die? And of course, being a little bit slow on the uptake and being an old fart like me, you know, I'm sitting here thinking, oh, well, JFK and Martin Luther Kuhn and all these people. Well, I mean, unless you're fairly advanced, like middle age at least, how could it affect you when you were alive when you were wearing those people die? What a moron I am, right? Oh, yeah, I'm an idiot. So we'll get to the result. And of course, the deal earned hard people really did to run. I'm sure Joe Costellot said, I'm going to do that. Nice going, Joe. He must have some kind of a Daisy chango in there, huh? Maybe he got that worked up at the Swing Club. Or maybe he'd do that. They'll earn how he's got like 20 million votes waiting here this result. Nice going there all you did. But he just did die recently, you know? So maybe some of them might be for real, most of them probably bogus. Nine minutes past 10 at five, 60, WQM, and that's so the fact that the station may be so to like infinity CBS. I mean, are we excited about this? Mr. Romer, but I really like hope it. Rang, I got my legs crossed. The eyes crossed. Joe just sitting in there with Rose Righage. He's rubbing his crucifix. Man, just once I get to the chicken. Yeah. Got a dental floss. Tonight, earn an old new touch by an ankle. Uncle Billy takes to me second X class to the backyard to show them his left eye collection. So get your wanted see my next nail. That's touched by an ankle tonight on your P.N. That's 14 at five, 60, WQM, our silver rule, WRX. What does that mean, WRX? What is that thing for? That's a bit. Oh, our silver rule, WR, our clients gave me this. And I would like to have some idea what that means. I hope to steer your contest continues at WQM.com. Log on and start making your selections for round three at the NCAA tournament. Prices of the given away after return of the grand prize. We know we're going to walk away with a thousand bucks in cash. Criticiest super rule in sports, you're a five, 60. WQM. It's the name of the car. It's all you are, X. Oh, I see. My angle that. Did I know that? No, I never heard of that. So our progress all yesterday. Which public and boy, a lot of folks, some of the way were real? How many of those votes on yesterday's silver, do you think were real? Yeah, yeah, maybe. Which public figures did that affect you the most? I'm going to start as a bottom, okay? And work up. Jackie, I wish they got three. The total of now, wait a minute. I shouldn't do this yet, because you know, how many we got on there now? 1900, 97. If I wait another minute, we can actually have two thousand votes on there. And maybe like half of might be real. Oh, man, this is our Jewish pool. Yeah, it's real. Well, sometimes it's real and usually it's bogus. Let's see, it's rebooting right now. Let me see how many we got. We got up to 2000 yet. What are all their plays? We got it? 2000 and trade. All right. Which of the death of which of these public figures affected you the most? You sat down and cried your eyes on. Bob, like a baby. Just they're never going to be the same again. Jackie, three votes. Rock Hudson at five. Two to Magio. Where have you gone, Joe? That's going to be a poor question. Anybody know where Joe to Magio's gone? He's going. Six. Michael Landon looks seven. That's not very impressive, is it? Then we'd to give a whole song and dance about Michael Landon. Or that's right. They found out his name is Orvetsanyu Jewish. Malan Monroe had only nine. Jim Morrison 13, Lucie Abar 16, John Wayne 17. So you thought he'd be like right on there at the bottom? I mean, he'd have to do great. Three at more than Jim Morrison. John Wayne, the Duke at 17, the Duke of Crap, the Duke of Buch. Buffalo Bob Smith, hey kids, what time is it? Buffalo Bob had 20 votes. I'm his Buffalo Bob. I know he was kind of a creep I guess. He used to sleep with that doll or something like that. Now he was good. Jim again, I see it 23. That must have been, I don't know. I must have been sleeping when that all happened. The dead had no whole thing, Jim. Sometimes I feel like that part of life is passing you by. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. I just missed it. Didn't you miss it? Miss what? Bob and Kennedy 24. Now let me just go back and see again. Like Bob Kennedy, he was a sad thing in 1968, along with Martin Luther Cooke. So 63 years ago almost there was like in the summer of 1968, almost 33 years. So let's say that you were like even seven years old then, which I don't think you'd have been affected that much. You'd have to be at least 40 now. If you're under 40, you would be afraid. So let's let's realistically say it would be like 12, 33 years ago. It'd have to be 45 or over to be affected by any of the sad nations of the 60s. So evidently, yeah. You know. Now what's this pattern of that thing? Oh, James, the keeps you reporting. You don't have to keep going down there. We've got over two times now. Audit Kennedy 24. Jim Henson 29. You're right about that. Jim Henson. A little muppet people out there. Silly people. Yeah. I've been wrote that Jim Henson. No. You go crum at the very beginning. I promise. Okay. Oh, those of us. I'll take that off with. I'll sleep on. Elvis had 30. Not really very good. That's not very good. Out of like 20 million votes. 30. That's not going to be. I got a big glass out of it when I found out he died on the crap. Martin Luther Cooke 23, which means, yeah, we got the fair number of olds for our chasers up there. Huh? Old Negroes 33. John Bolushi 43. Harry Carrey 45. See now we're talking. That was my vote. Even I'll probably Jeff Keywood a bit more honest answer, but I still voted for Harry. Hey, Neil. Fuck you. Yeah, you too. Charles Schultz 58. Kurt Cobain 59. And you were going to put him on there. Kurt Cobain, I had to argue in struggle, the whole show yesterday to get George to put it on my list. Franks and I took a 66. Still Hartman 96. JFK Junior 122. That's because it was recent. Yeah, but I know. Yeah, you don't have to convince me. You're the magazine will never be the same again. That's right. That's right by George. I still say he was in the Greek. John, 156. Princess Diana, which this was the first flush of Royal Fossia, a phone and vote that we had. Why should probably play that, John, is that called Royal Fossia? Yeah, that's pretty sure. And now, a royal flush. Princess Diana, are you in there? Yes. Could you please bring Princess Morsesci? Yeah, okay, bitch. Yeah, so you think like a royal bomb, bomb, movement smells any different than like anybody else's. Oh, sure. I bet you doesn't stink at all. Anyway, Diana is going to get back to you, Diana. 186 votes. She was in turret. turret place. You turret. JFK 207. 10%. That's pretty good. Considering, let me see again, 62 that 38 years ago. So that's got to be all from people 50 and over. Oh, it's called, you're like me and much older than me. So that's pretty good. And leading the pack by a million, 20 votes with 739. Nice guy, Joe, you silly person you. I mean, 36.6% said gold, they are learn hard. Huh? Is that right? Uh-huh. He learned hard, 739 votes. Now that was the most reason when I will say that. And then Yahoo's brother, they get together on their CB radio. Probably Johnny Duck was on a CB radio, but in the ward and Joe Costello and all his other Yahoo's. Yeah, the Italian Yahoo's, the Redneck Yahoo's. They learn hard. They're never going to be the same again. We're going to do screenless today. I think George needs a little break today because he's got to get prepared for the rest of the week. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Let's do screenless. What do you want there a lot of stress? I mean, I think it looks like it's being sold. And so I don't know what that has to do with stress. Sounds good to me. But in the end, I'm going on vacation and getting a lot of here. So George and tapes and Joe and whatever they're going to put on. Yeah, Johnny Duck, whatever. Is anybody box? Don't touch any fox. Oh, it's me. Cock. Once you finish it. Oh, I don't actually have that. Oh, is that is? No. Ha ha ha. No. Are you serious? We still have that. We don't we do? Wow. That is always telling somebody that just a couple of weeks ago. How I sure wish we still had that thing when Cox was out here from the Bahamas that remote. That's a show we don't know. Now, what a shame we don't have that. Not. Wow. Maybe you'll have to drop that in and then that'll get Maddie Bell up here. And if he's still here. Maddie Bell, he may be one of those little antlers, a little piss ant that gets a step on. When they come in here when the real broadcast is coming. And we've got all these pony balones. That'll be a great day for the Irish and the Jewish and the Arabs and everybody. Yeah, even that goddamn sawdem will be a happy about that. If the saw comes to fruition. Make it newscast to say that sexy, not sexual. This is good. Changing clothes at the beginning of a show is nothing new. Pities below the Mr. Rogers is known for taking off his jacket and putting on a sweater. Victoria's and Claire also starts to web newscast by removing her jacket and more. Her shirt, her skirt, her pants, everything goes. Everything goes. All right. For a minute into the show, she's standing totally naked except for the microphone hanging around her neck. St. Clair is the star of nakednews.com. A popular web show created 15 months ago about Canadian web entrepreneurs Fernando Pereira and Kirby Stasnia. O'Clarity says it's too old yet and so old. Although the show's newscast is put they have nothing to hide. It's absolutely not point. St. Clair said it's simply naked people living in the news. It's sexy, but it's not sexual anyway. In other words, she's not like, you know, groping herself or like squeezing. Her nipples are. By the way, how many times the man did say the word tits yesterday in the first half hour? It's a hood. God, that was just he is just unbelievable. A lot of control. So we're working we find this naked weather person. To a sense, I had to express something about lower than Kutana Snake. And that was one of the great expressions that were heard in my life. What is it? It's nakednews.com. And I'm sure that was knowing I've provided audience out there. Perfect. You're just probably sticking it on there right now. Though the three female newscast is our athletic shapes and Chris, she would not describe any of the most traditionally beautiful. One, Holly Weston is noticing the pregnant plant to continue the broadcasting mood till she can't work anymore. Oh, God. She's pregnant and she's un-are naked. The living of the news, new to his very marks is if you come home and you're taking off your jacket. And Susan, talking to somebody about the day's events, and Chris says, it's personal. Yeah, I guess it's pretty personal when you're standing in their naked nakednews.com. Crank that thing up right now and take a peek at it. Here's our poor today. Let me do the immobile in Miami. They did it on a wild hoe. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Good. Um, two years ago, I went to a piss. And I went out to Jim Morrison's place. I don't know. I've seen that before. Have you been there before? No, I've not been there for a long time. I've been there for a long time. I've been there for a long time. I've been there for a long time. Yeah. Around the grave. About 16, 17 year old. Right, is on. Switch. There were never around. Not even photos. 16, 17 year old. Jim Morrison was there. Yeah, he was kind of a cop for your though, Jim Morrison. Yeah. That kind of he was very much a weirdo. I'm telling you, but you're weirdo. But you're weirdo. But you're weirdo. You're doing there. You're a bunch of, you know, you're a bunch of like, you know, you're like, if you went into a swing and they said, well, there's you're a bunch of weirdos in there. Well, yeah, well, you do it in there for like one. Actually, we're hanging out with the couple and the girl loves to go to cemetery. She's a weirdo. She's a nice thing. I just want to let him in. I don't know about any chance. Yeah, I just want to want to ride. Next week, it's speaking of Paris. I'll be staying at the Paris and Vegas. Yeah, great. I'll be the first time. But it looks like a nice place. I've never been inside. Oh, I've been inside. I just never stayed there. I see. Oh, it's, yeah. That's one of my favorites. I've been in the next. Venetian. Is it? Oh, yeah. The room's quite far. It's the best room. Even better than the Rio and that's better the Rio. I will be MGM. I just love the MGM. MGM, won't you? Yeah, I don't marry the MGM. Yeah, see what's not to like. Yeah, no, I love the MGM. Okay, I'll leave the last Vegas. I'm always going to regret the fact going to the Hitchcock. Yeah, I can see what you're saying. Okay, good luck to you, pal. But don't forget, easy, quicky divorce and Vegas too. That's one good thing to keep in mind. Quicky marriage, quicky divorce. Or just a quicky, you know, squirt score any kind. Here's our poll today. Let's start at the city far. So we're going to interrupt it myself. 2015 this afternoon, that big nose, the douchebag. I don't want to say Jew. Alan Greenspan will be doing the thing with the, you know, the Fed, the Fed, the Fed, the Fed, the Fed, that's the Fed, that's not papaya. And the market's right now. I'm really doing very much up a little bit, but this is already tentative. And that's the proper way of tentative. You bet everybody's peeing in their pants. Is really what it calls down to waiting for a Mr. Hitchcock. There are two-fifth things to give us the good news. Fed, it'll be at least a half a point, preferably three quarters of a point. 75 basis points as they say all these talking heads on there, who don't know their ass from my elbow. So as a result, here's our poll question in time. And of course, I have a feeling that after 2015, the result, whatever starts out, is going to change a little bit. How much confidence do you have a new stock market right now? Four choices. Number one, lots. It always comes back. Number two, some, but I'm still nervous. Number three, very little I'm losing my ass. Number four, don't care, I had no stocks. I had no interest, I had no stocks, I had no cavities, I had no, that's stuff. How much confidence do you have a new stock market right now? What's it always comes back? Some, but I'm still nervous, very little, I'm losing my ass, or don't care, I had no stock. By the way, these are the 15 right now. If anybody's building up, don't say that because when a sail goes through, that thing's going to go zooming up there, I think. I don't need a sound attempt or disrespectful, but if you're watching the control of the senior Rogers, the peers of the audition have wheels on both sides of the chair, okay? I mean, it's something like clocked down. He's so forceful on the radio, and he's such a little like, if you're a bodyguard, but he plays the radio, they should go like to have. Ah, ah, ah. He died. He's got to get it, that ain't too bad. Same occupation as dad once had. Because of that, when he counts into ten, helps me to remember all of them. The lights above, sweet head, deep voice at the same name, on the overlap of the store, and they're thinking of like Clinton, and I don't make this country wonderful looking. I was in George W.A. like just dad when he quoted it for two bomb bags. Just to dumb up another fight, and tear George and make him want to cry. He is as when he goes to bed and dreams of the weekend, make him smile with your better winter hear him say. You're saying we'll be wonderful from the E.M. We're not such that we think that don't need to be little, and he's got to change me. To blame if something goes wrong, once the press gets to him, he'll realize, we impress it if they so wonderful now. Then the hour is not enough and the hour is not enough. Then the hour is not enough, then the hour is not enough. He is preserving the wonder of what now, how. 43 or 560, WQ and man, we should have a counter. They are doing the thing they're not doing it today. At least not yet. You don't see the NBC, how they put the countdown timer on there. How many hours and how many seconds and then they put it, romantic or? Just calm down. I'll pull quite a bit there. I think it's very apt to pull and I think once we get some votes on there then you're going to see like maybe a shift between like during the show in the after 2015 this afternoon then of course you'd probably see like other suicide that don't come up to good 567 so anyway before we do the screen list thing here today so Mandech also has been talking on here lately a lot Above that he's positive that something's going on and looks like sales on a rise in the stock going up mysteriously there like to 16 momentary on Friday and then the 15 right now And the locks on the doors and the fact that he's actually getting paid on time, which is never happened during the time that he's been working to these people and He's been you know screaming and hollering like some of the rest of the people He says usually has to wait up for 90 days and threaten to withhold services before he can finally Weedle or check out them and now all of a sudden the money's showing up on time Booker Brian after knocking paid for three months gets two checks now one but two all of a sudden at the same time George gets like some back payday orderment bonus money in the crap All in the upcoming check everything in there Because the room with that I'm hearing is that it's gonna the papers are like sign it's this week Come here now I want to be anybody that works here nervous, you know, especially people are not on a contract But that's the very strong room with that. I'm here. I don't want to tell you know who told me that Alice right tells one of the people who came into transparent the room of it is not the only thing from silly Alice I wouldn't pay it too much attention too much heed But there are just all these telltale signs people didn't pay it on time door locks being changed etc And then of course the thing it kiss I mean what better temporary a body to put in there but don't cops who's basically kind of like You know Greg Reed's personal fillin whether it's on power whether it's on Kiss or but it hold it is you know his cocks So I just mentioned that in passing Not that I want to get in the sports nerds all upset and of course you see the tremendous success Sports radio on this town having seen you know the fan For example what a big job they did Okay, let's do some screenless here today all request Tuesday as well because I'm going to spectacular mood In fact the judge and I like we're doing we're dancing We we like the gentries are just going to keep on dancing for the next four hours and what how not 560 5050 5050 on the AT&T and provides a wireless line The WQAM The water for our you're great It's not president Bush. It's resident Bush Well that sounds like what do you do me yeah, and it's a resident national there on the phone. I might off the bat WQAM Hi there. Yes, sir. How are you great? I was calling the talk to George Robbock to you instead you want to talk to George? Well, I'll just to pass a message to him. It's been passed it on here. Huh you didn't pass it along Okay, I'm just going to grab it. How do they get to the meat? What does that mean? Oh, this is a lot of the medicine today? Yes, our George I get this wheat today. He's gonna be here today. Excellent About two hours. I'll pay you 30's ready for it. Thank you. He's ready for me. All right. He's saying I want to put him out to a while you're in Okay, and that's another thing that's put mouth stuff is getting people nervous now the one good thing is that you know humans don't get sick from it The bad thing is that it's an airborne virus. Did you know that? Yeah, so that's why there's so nervous about people bringing it back from Europe on the clothing and on their shoes And when you come back from the England especially but maybe France and some of the other European countries at the airport They're making it put your shoes in disinfectant even like Spania they're spraying it they're spritzing you You have to take out last shower. That mask shower. Yeah, well, that's always coming back from a Germany Don't get nervous. Yeah, so I just disinfect them. That's what eight all said But anyway, now they put a little eight all seasoning on you before they stick in there and the microwave But that's the deal foot mouth and mad cow all studying in England of course because they're crazy in a bed bug because they're very silly people WKOM Fake people really bad WKOM I put these into the flag. I don't believe you are fake Yeah, I was sure in sweet. That was about two lines is all he could do is a jussie He said I could only do two lines You can all jake into better than that baby 5-6-7 come on this is our looking pretty weak here for a screenless Tuesday I mean actually normal material whatsoever They just don't get it No, the QAM Got yes, sure three things. What do you think about this idiot out shop in coming to town with his bandwagon circus? Can I give you a quick answer? Yes, he's an asshole Exactly number two I'm well, I feel so sad watching school these hatcheries It's like a total waste on him. I hate this I don't want to see him go, but I feel bad for the guy Yeah, he's never been a lady He's on fire. He's absolutely on fire. He's just simulating right now. He's smoking and it's like a one-man band You know what's the problem? I thought that shocked from the blue right I couldn't believe that that was just a set of order Freaking shot yeah, cool Yeah, I think it's just a story just doesn't see no one he doesn't know if and totally You didn't mention on mr. Pisman Johnny door and go maybe one-o-three He's on one he's on the old room. Meadow one-o-three point five Which has been the old move for the past two and a half years what is that? That crap condition What used to be ladies whatever that was Another one of the disasters from my people during one of think a wolf over there clear-channel and In closing here's your kids promo. I kiss Cox in the morning. All right Not bad Come on I'll get you seven a whole lot of trouble. I'll come back from vacation to fight out that Maddie Bell to the show for 10 days played one I don't have 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T what happened to don't cost you guy right on the air and sunny fox Oh boy Poor sunny fox you just can't catch a break but the fact that they're contracty to me That's just very solid evidence right there that's something's going down. I mean okay the wedding's Something all right crap, but he's been on there too long for just to be that But if there's actually a cellbone down and of course it wouldn't just be QA mode be the entire beastly all the bees Reproperties in Philadelphia and Vegas where we're gonna lay bought these stations and then of course that would go to be the stock way up again Yeah So all these people are got like zillion the shares of stock They're the ones that keep in them right now. They're just counting the money And poor moth and they're he tried it either or shouldn't say that they tried to sell some of that stock on Friday and there were no buyers See that's true. I mean like a hint it's all around the building here. No, yeah I want to build an asleep corridor out there with a homeless voice people. Hey, why buy some stock? Oh no 1445 and 560 WCWM here's our survey so far to the annual ranger.com 26 votes in there. How much confidence do you have a new stock market right now not after 2015 but right now after 2015 they didn't vote Maybe you'll change your mind I don't care. I have no stock 16 35% of the screen has no stocks to which I say congratulations Some but I'm still nervous 12 26%. That's what I voted some not much but some but still nervous Pinging my pants crap in big time enormous chunks The next choice lots that always comes back 10 21.7% and very little. I'm losing my ass I'm eight 17.3% so kind of a mixed bag WQAM Yes, could I have some free hatches? Sure no problem. I'll call you on the know change WQAM QAM What is it yeah George? Hey, don't okay I love it. Oh yeah. What is it okay? Where are you calling from? I'm Hollywood. Okay, let's go to Hollywood hello Hey, yeah, I already did good. How you did the calculator question sure? Oh, I bet that you don't want to be me now? I'll puff that a I think we're going to do the one puff the magic wrapper. No, okay. I'll do it. All right. Thank you. Yeah See that one I got to look for it damn it. Do we put that in here yet now? I got to look for it and the bit too. We'll get around to a man just relax WQAM Ohio and back to you happy circus Good job, I'll report here. Oh Not throwing red and fun a good for city high school the Gustavo's out there checking life into the Destrations and insurance really and make sure that you got your white hatch on your solution You know, so they let's you know you want to white star day or that is right and That's a so I want to put everybody now you know all of trying out certainly in red so they don't Don't get a ticket or whatever I thought I have what you did that Thanks for your answer God bless you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you We'll be able to one and two stay the hell away from Cooper city high. I noticed there are some Shfarchs in that school now 567.056. I just mentioned that in passing. I mean, you know just I just because you know how that works To today 100 next week and then like the whole school all of a sudden one factor that it's just a very strange. It's just probably making scene just the way it works I mean some people can't read they can't write they can't add the can't subtract but they sure can't Mark the plot WQAM QAM That's that's online nine two. I'm most important line WQAM Yes, sir Yeah, who's it? No, George you want talking to you? No, I don't have to the flag. Oh, you want to talk to George? Oh, that's that's that's all you've to find out when you're still on there. You want to see if number out again That's the other one. Oh the other one. That's his boyfriend. WQAM So pass the pass the pass hey, Leo And then I'll just talk and I'll put it to QAM Hello WQAM You worship Howard Stern. I know you do. I want you worship Howard Stern. Yes, you do. I just like it You want to have them very happy to hear that. I don't listen to how I WQAM Oh, but me or I don't do that. Oh, fine. How's the what's your name? Robin? Do I WQAM I know yes, sir. I will be following this Crazy joke rep What's his father trying to say? Oh, he's been doing He was talking to the china and she's talking to china. Right. No, I don't care. WQAM Hello, Leo. Yes How about the reputation kind to pop WQAM? Hey, you got something? Can I speak to me? Oh, please. Okay, we're call them Oh Water Hill. Yes, okay. Let's take it call from water Hill. Hello. No. Yes 47-year-old black male from water Hill first time call. Oh, why? What are the questions please? Okay. Can I have Prison bitch for that meathead Lionel tape? For that meathead. Yeah, now I'll shove it. I can be very happy hearing you call them that no meathead. Well, he's a meathead too And you know well second to be too happy hear about that Who's that? Is the what's his name from all the family? What's the name of our blinder? Oh, yeah, dead from the neck up Exactly, okay, you got a man. Take a meal. They say I love his capo They're what we're doing this wrong But I don't care what they say Because my love is so strong They tell us we should be ashamed Well that was but then why But I cherish each moment with you I'm so glad you're in my life You're my prison bitch my prison bitch you're not like a man I'm glad we share a prison cell when I go out at the end I came into a field out that will be fried as long as I I'm doing new I don't mind you and I Call to my prison bitch my prison bitch and I have your regrets I got you for a pity boss and a pack of cigarettes at first two We're real good But now you're all my friends I'm here to tell you Business So I'm tired of you, but I'm tired of you. I'm tired of you, but I'm tired of you. I'm tired of you, but I'm tired of you. I'm tired of you, but I'm tired of you. I'm tired of you, but I'm tired of you. I'm tired of you, but I'm tired of you. I'll be really healthy, not good. That's good, not bad. I'll finish the way, but now I'll lose in hope. God, I'm tired of you, but I'm still. When I get out, I'm really, you're so proud of me. Oh, my prison bitch, my prison bitch, I'll never stay goodbye. You and I love you, but I'm not a bitch. I'm not a bitch. Oh, my prison bitch, my prison bitch, I'll never stay goodbye. You and I like all the other two bad days and two times. On the second half, I feel the same. If you want me to, you're crazy, you're never leaving me. I'm the first one about filming. But now you're my full-length, that's the perfect show. I'm not a bitch. You're my new one, that's the only one. I'm a criminal. You're my criminal when you call this the Popeye. All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire. Talk daddy, sitting in the chair. I'll call you a puppy. Yo, yo, man, yo, yo. Are you ready? Yeah. Here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery rare. All right. Hickory, Dickory, blank. Is it a doc, the peer, see, marina, or a de-in-let? Whoa, man, it's 100% question, man. Yo, kiddo me, right? This is $100. For $100. This ain't the million dollar question. This is the first one. Hey, it's only for $100. Is this a black thing? Would you like to use a lightball? Yeah, all right, where do I go? What do I go? Now we have the Ask the audience to $50 and the phone a friend. Ask the audience. That's only why people in here. Ask $50 and the help me. Oh, you don't want me to phone a friend. Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery, right? Yeah. All right, who are we going to call, puppy? Oh, my God. Oh, dirty bastard. Old dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty, we call him. Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line. Then hopefully he can help you. Yo. Old dirty. Yeah, man. We just feel good from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you? I got your friend here, puffed daddy. Don't dirty with that. What's wrong? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, all right. Oh, what's all he? Old dirty. Puffed daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question. He's the first man. First question. And the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question. He'll give you four possible choices. So you said? Amen. Next voice you hear will be his. And 30 seconds begins now. What? You dirty faces off of me, all right? All right, man. He's doing dickery blank. Is it a doc? B. P. P. C. Marino. Or D. Eat it. Oh. Oh. Come on, man. I don't got much time. Yeah, I know this man. I know it. I see his P. P. You sure? I've got 30 minutes. It's a lot of money, man. I've got 30. All right, man. Thank you very much. I'm in. Time's up. All dirty. Said P. Who? You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question. You know what we just want to pull the audience? No, I like to add a lot. Actually, no, there's only three lifelines you've used. One, you have two left. No, no, no. I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game. And what is that, Puffy? It's called Shoot the Host. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shoot the Host. Puffy, you're 50-50. What's he asking? Puffy, it's dark. It's a A. It's dark. My final A. It's dark. And it's a good one. You got all of it all. Run, you run, you run, you run. Run, you run, you run, you run. Run, you run, you run. You run, you run. Oh, Aaron, shoot like this. Puffy, the gangster rapper, straight out of the wood. Bang and gin, he load day early. Do you know that life was good? Packing heat in the mows, working on their wraps. Everyone was living large till someone bugged the chaps. Homey lay their bleeding. Took one in the stream. Puffy told the driver that you'll come, they don't seem. Puffy, you made the headlines the front page of the post. Took that can beguey would be there. If they were not ghost. Puffy, Jennifer has left you for big asses gone away. Now yours is looking finer. Do the inmates every day. Puffy, the gangster rapper had life by the balls. Now he's looking at 20 years. Steering at the walls, everybody. Puffy, the gangster rapper had life by the balls. Now he's looking at 20 years. Steering at the walls. Come at our 256, WDQAM. Ex-Dolphin, Cecil Collins, who's been in court. What a bad break huh? Poor Cecil. Still drunk from a night of downing Hennessy Konya can grow the slaughter of the cower. Former Dolphin Cecil Collins dove his SUV to an apartment complex in David nearly morning hours of December 16, 1999. Where the help of God he testified on Monday. Here in that, the Lord helped him. Maybe he was... Still God! Instead of growing the home to a pregnant girlfriend and child. Let me read that line again. Instead of growing home to a pregnant girlfriend and child, he broke into a neighbor's apartment through the window he said. I don't really drink clear right liquor usually, Colin said, referring to the hard alcohol to consume that night. When I mixed liquor, white liquor with brown liquor, don't come out so good. He don't like mixing white with brown. I also close to be willing involved. Then mixing white with brown. Just like old days, like it. But now what comes to liquor? Colin who charged with blood, made the admission in the nearly empty brown circuit courtroom on Monday. A jury hadn't been picked yet Colin's was testifying during hearing Rosentario Sautre's surprise to the state man who gave the police that morning. They contended by 10 a.m. in the morning of December 16, they told police he just wanted to go and look. He was looking around. And no thanks to help. I just understood this. Look at him. And his female neighbor. He was still too drunk to properly understand his rights. See, there's a real problem here. Because a servant charged with drunk driving as well, which I don't think he was, but if he's admitting that, that's already his violating his parole. Just drinking, he was violating his parole, but drunk driving. He was certainly violating his parole. It means he ought to be going back to the slamer and knew a lane that seems to me. What's his parole for? Again? I don't know. I can't recall. He's had some of these problems here and there. Some crappy done over there. By our circuit judge, the US Jewelian rule that the Jewelian can hear the statement of the Collins gay police, Collins had sounded running back on the field, but a hapless criminal off it. paid six games and for the dolphins in 1999. Here he's your answer to your question. See if he acts if he just keep on reading. He was not probation in Louisiana for breaking in the homes of two women neighbors when the dolphin signed him. See this has this thing. He likes to break in the homo woman neighbors. That's all. I want to just go take a look. Remember that? Somebody on this station was saying, he was just trying to find a way to go take a look. That was fun. It was hysterical. Like Kaye in the godfather. She's hysterical. Same thing. Prosecutor Greg Rossman offered a plea to you under which Collins would have been sentenced to ten years in prison. I know that the Illusiana authorities would have agreed to wipe out the prison time Collins will owe their if he's found to violate his probation. Collins refused. If he loses this trial, it pays us 15 years in prison here. And a number four losing an hour. I think this is why I want to go take a look. And the during cross examination. Rossman's Collins White. Didn't get lost when driving home from an unfamiliar neighborhood and call springs that night. As he testified. I prayed on it to get back. Collins said I've been doing it a long time. Rossman asked if the Lord was driving. I guess so Collins answered. He was drunk as a skunk. But he prayed on it in the Lord. Robin's safe and sound. So where are you people out there? You know, just when you get. Mass just blitzed. And you get behind the wheel. Which of course you ought to be in jail for 25 years. And take away your wife and spare her for doing that. But nevertheless, when you get blitzed out of your mind. Just pray in the Lord will give you home safe. There's a good message for all your people and teach your kids out there. Go out and drink. You know, get drunk as a skunk and get behind the wheel. But at least pray in the Lord will protect you. See, that's the problem with all those kids. And all those other people who are drunk to have a good kill. And call the people that are not praying enough. That's the problem. The Lord will be home. WDQAM. Well, how are you going, brother? Pretty good, man. I. I. Almost depending. You think, man, it's good to take over. Hank Spock. What do you mean do I think he could? It's a new point here. They can't pay him enough to do it. I can't. I thought he'd get better numbers. Yeah. Can you climb my head and brush yourself? What is that? The liver and sin breath. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, my God. He says, in bread. Is that called in bread? That's not me, son. He's talking about the Arkansas state son. Oh, the Arkansas, Arkansas state son. You mean this one? Yeah. He came up there in the theater, maybe just in the entry or the boat. A. A. Will, I know my sister, all my life. But it is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too. Will, my daddy is my uncle. The mother is my dear and foe. He just barely played through sea. My goodness me. Oh. Yeah. That little re-tard up there in the tree playing the banjo. You know who that corrupt to be? Let me give you a hint. Break. Yeah. No last names. And that was little re-tard in that tree playing the banjo. Strummonaut. Look like he had it in a year where it was two thought to be. And as knows where his answer to be, that was break. Yeah. Amazing. Time six, seven, oh five, sixty. Pound five, sixty. Think about it. Yeah. But that short height here in the hall in the head scratching it. Strummonaut. WQAM. Mr. Rogers. Yes sir. I've been curious. What are I going to get you all? Ha ha ha. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. He can't come back soon. WQAM. Hi. Yes sir. Have you seen this movie out traffic? No. Just to show you how stupid all these politicians are. This movie basically portrays the answer to the guys' question. He did. Okay. I'm sorry. The, uh, most basically about the futility of the drug warns the stupidity of everything that's going on. I'm sorry. Correct. Yeah. But now a lot of these people in politics and congress and specifically John McCain have gone to see the movie. And just by seeing this movie alone, they've decided that maybe they have to redirect their policies and priorities. They don't want it. They won't. It's not PC in America. They just won't do that. What? How does it take these people to see a movie to figure this stuff out? You don't understand. They don't care about the movie. They just give it a lip service because it's big business man. It's, uh, they, they, self for perpetuating bureaucracy and it's never going to end. Unbelievable. And have a great day. Thanks. Did that, was that guy talking about politics? No. Oh, good. Because I got scared. I told him before the show. I've no no in it. In her. Don't want to hear about it. Makes me nauseous. Interesting that Alice ran television time that we had to call before. Hey, Alice, uh, perfect. I bet you can get about a point too. You come back under now. I mean, I know if I was working a KABC in Los Angeles. I should be coming back down here. We're going to get back over the station. Got like factions all day. Takes the pressure off, I guess. Yeah. Just, just, just, just, just something. Just tell me which one's your problem. Hey, baby, please try to 40-50. But there you were in your window. I was going to play with me, harder. I'll bring you mountainous just made me feel more. You can't say it to be the time that I've become. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Look, he's back. I just dropped my tongue. When your crowd has come on, does. I'm playing with my part and right there is a dark. Oh, yeah. Don't go, don't run, wait, where are you going? I'm 14 at 5.50. WCM. Don't forget our Subaru WRX Hoopsestieria Contest continues on WKOM.com. Log on, start making your selection for round 3 in the NCAA tournament. Prizes are a big giveaway after each round. And the grand prize when it walks away with the $1,000 in cold hard cash. It'll be cold and it might be hard. courtesy of Subaru WCM, the WCM currently owned by a measly broadcast. But maybe not for long. Here's the facts I'm sharing. You could see the look on your face. Hey, it's just a rumor at this point. I know. I happen to believe it because I heard it from the 45-50-50-50 sources. Analysis and towns spreading all kinds of rumors. You know, that wild-sauphating fact. Here's sharing who says it's a proud hillbilly yet. I was that you were in senior Washington that we all put the banjo-murrier cousins. Some of us play the fiddle. All right, Sharon. Have a nice day now. Y'all come back. Someone's like the fiddle around. Doing little screenless today because George needs little rest to get his brains kind of like, you know, back in the place for the next few days. He might actually do a show or two probably have like a lot of pigs while I'm away. Uh-huh. That's okay. Do I really care? No. WCM. Yes sir. Speaking. Speaking. Speaking. Yes. I'm going to start talking about that kit by the badge of the liver. Uh-huh. I'm about that kit. We're up there in the care a lot of when you're on the use. And we're in this bar. I don't 441. We're in a district. Yeah. And that little conversation with us is after a fashion. He was about half smart, but he forgot how to sell his banjo. He was about 35 years old then. Yeah. Just a little part of that. Okay. Thanks. They had a seller's banjo. How do you like that? Hey, that's your people. Caroline is that's your neck of the world. I mean, they're especially blind. Hey, that's your dealer. North Carolina South Carolina. Yep. Y'all come back now. Hang out with us in the woods. In my, uh, boy. You, you just go there because you have that property there because you're too much of a schlepper to go any like real place. Yeah. Yes. I mean, I'm, I mean, I'm that's fine. At least you admit it, but don't try to pass it off like it someplace. Yeah. It'll be like if I can't go to a little waninger because I, you don't like the woods. So, there's, there's, there's all the pens and who's in the woods. Nice. Not myself. Not if that crowd from the entries and they would know. No, no, not if that they use up there in the woods. I don't think for my own. Oh, that's not bad. That's, uh, at least these people aren't there. That's good. Or you'll be safe. Like Michael, Michael Coyoni, where will be safe? Like Louie, I've got to be at Louie in the Bronx with McCluskey and Salatso. W2WM. Hey, Nia. Who the good? Hey, listen. I got two questions for you. I don't want, did you really, did you really spend over $400,000 on stock? Or Lou's that much money? On paper, I'm like more like half a million right now. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? I mean, I, I, I, I, I didn't seem like an extreme amount. I mean, I, I, I guess, you know, I, that's not in my business. So it was just kind of a question. I know. Why, why would I make that up? Although you see here, for getting, I'm like, at all, fart is get ready to return a couple of years. It's not like I'm just starting to, you know, people don't seem to understand. If you're going to retire and live more than like a Schlipper, you have to have a pretty substantial amount of cash from my, on investments. Well, at least into my next question, if, if, if Peasley does, uh, sell, does that affect you at all? I mean, would, would you, uh, possibly have your contract, uh, for, uh, for? Well, they could buy me out. They could give me a check for like, uh, whatever's left there, about two and a half million, which would be fine with me. Or they could do it. Huh? Or did you do it? If they gave me a check, would I take the money? Oh, no, I don't think so. Why would I want to do that? When I can work for another three, I have years and talk to these great people every day. Come on. Hey, you're still too young. Yeah. Hey, well, hanging there and, Wait, wait for me pal, pray for you. That sounds like your great idea. Just keep talking about that. You may, may come out of station. I have to see in their mind. Have a great day, sir. Yeah, you know, just right out of the check, about two points of middle, so I think, uh, you know, something like that. I'm not even settled for a round number, three and a half sounds, okay? Yeah. Well, I need to ask you that, was it? Oh, no, you're not in the air. Just like my lawyer, hot shot lawyer, No, I'm a Kenya, so they calls me up. And, you know, we're talking about all these rumors, and he's saying, well, you know, uh, maybe, uh, maybe infinity if it is this, come true. Maybe they want to like extend your contract. You're like another bonus, and extended. I said extend this asshole. That's exactly what I said. Extend this. Why? See, I don't, I don't get you people. I don't know. I, I, I, I, for the wife, me, I don't understand it. These people really believe my life hinges around coming here every goddamn day, and we're going to beg in for phone calls, and go on through this, uh, working for a bunch of losers. Oh, if you don't, it hasn't had that microphone to vent. Yeah, I, oh, and last summer, the first, you know, the first of my yearly, my three or four, whatever, it's going to be a yearly, uh, two and a half months pay vacation in Europe. I just sat there immediately. Oh, gee, I sure wish I had a microphone on my hand instead of this, you know. What's that in your hand? Well, it's a very, a microphone. I'll tell you that. You could talk into it. Yeah, you can talk into it. Yeah, that's where my microphone has to be a chanter. Hahaha, lady. Oh, god, what are these people thinking about, huh? Brother. Well, you keep deluding yourselves, okay? You keep, uh, I, I don't know. And then this guy like singles me out. I guess he must be very young or very naive. It doesn't realize that there are a lot of people down much more than that in their, uh, portfolio. So, hoping to be telling like something before they croak. As much as, as a, a grotesque figure was that is, and it is, it's totally on paper. And thank goodness number two, there's no, uh, sg.com. There's no ebay, there's no, uh, rosillopristline.com, etoyz.com. You know, stocks that are worth about like eight cents right about now. Not that. Thank god from a church. No, see, now he's going to take that out of context. He's, uh, you know, and he'll say thank god from a church. No, that's not what I said. I said, thank god, comma from a church or sick. That there's no that in there. Come to the Q.A.M. Hell. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, I'm not that stupid talk that will hold your his, his, why do you play the best of that babbling book. So last seven or eight weeks at night, we had a baby. She had a baby. Yeah, you remember it, Gitter? Oh, yeah, I remember this. Oh, no, is there the children, it's a live pod for her? She had a baby and then said, Did she get married? I don't know. Or she just had a baby. It's popular now, you know. Yeah, that's her baby won't get married anymore. It's show, but she just can see reproduced. Oh, if anybody is in a four to do three hours at night, they think I've got to take some of her from her father. Oh, my god. Wow. Anyway, but I bet you even were the taste this looking the same big numbers. Yeah, point negative. Exactly, you've got, okay, thanks for the good news. Babbling, Brooke had a freaking baby. Oh, my god. You have to be pregnant, man. Wow. What a move ball of wax that is, huh? 560, 0560, pound 560. Maybe she'll write a file wax here. If they all she likes that wax, he'd be over. The babbling Brooke. I want to congratulate people, you're by the way, before the law and vacation. You have to be, I may have worked with and for and around a lot of people in this business over 40 years plus. But you have to be the one single biggest piece of crab and loser. I've ever known in my life. There's not, there's nobody even close. Everything you touch turns to instant pure. It's the instant pure. It's crap immediately. He's got the minus touch in reverse. That's his middle name. Not to mention, of course, being previous and backstabbing and lying all that stuff. That that that that that that just is like a sidebar. That's the bonus in the oyster charge. And like I said, and remember that memo that he said over to us and I went on the air and he's a I've seen eight under fake name pretending to be slip and mission information. Knowing I don't mind promoting your line up. It's fine because as always, it's tragic. Sad is what it is. And then he writes on there, oh and we will win. We will win depend on it or whatever. Yeah, we will win. Are they winning? No, they got a number. No, we got a story. No, anything? No, nothing. Zippity Dunga. 50,000 watts right there in the middle of the aisle. And most of the day they can play a one-share in any demographic. It continues elves, replicas, anything or farce. Nothing. So we may not be good, but at least this consistent. Peanut Bulger. He's an answer. And also yesterday, line six was like out of order. Is it still on order? Hello. It's then. How about that? What do you mean? I had the idea. Well line six is there. I just, I'd like to get in that. WQAM. How is it because it doesn't light up. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. What about Hockenbalker's deadly? No, geez. Oh, bro, I couldn't get out of here without that. See, in the last time, I was on the way to the airport. He went in for after you came on. Point mic. Mine, mine, mine. Whatever happened about this, wedley. That right there, that's what was wrong. That's why most people aren't in talk radio anymore in a smocker. Right there. You're responsible. Mike, look in the mirror. I'm sorry. That was a bad suggestion. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Do a little screenless here on a Tuesday. Have it a hell of a good time and why don't you know? Or I'll just sit and back waiting for that big moment. How's the survey coming 143 votes? How much confidence do you have? And you are stuck muckin' right now. Right this moment as I speak. And of course you can see like the dollar in the net. They're both up a little bit, but just very, very tentative. And it would be like a compliment. I mean, just kind of waitin' and sitin' and hopin' in print. Like those these Springfield, wishing and hoping. Remember those these Springfield, we sure miss there. How come she was on the poya yesterday? Miss her word and similar as other bozos that won that list. Like, Jerry Garcia. I mean, what is wrong with some of you people? Jerry Garcia. What a... God, mugwump. Yeah, like you were trying to say about John Schneider, which I'm still thinking about that. I'm still pissed off about that. John Schneider is a beautiful guy, at least he used to be. Whatever. Hey, exactly. You don't know nothing about it. I know a beautiful guy. Okay, also, I'll do it for women, but you're like more narrow in scope. Because you got that tubing thing, you know. I had, that's the way we're not narrow. I love the hervority of good looking guys. Here's the answer to what Paul, don't care. I had no stocks. 54 or 36, thank 2%. 36% of the size it has no stocks. That's why they're in such a good mood. You have the 74%, 70, what a yeah, 54% of us were not too happy. Some, but I'm some stock, but I'm still nervous. There's some confidence, 43, 28.8%. A lot of confidence that always comes back 28. And very little confidence, I'm losing my ass, say 24, or 16%. And they're also kind of an holding pattern till after 2015. And we see what the Alan Green's band and the fed do. And then we'll see how the reaction is. And everybody's going to be a map of that because that's what it's, it's a bunch of crazy people. Bunch of crazy people manipulating our money. And you people out there that are, oh yeah, and Box, she's got a great idea, you know, half our social security, we can invest it because the stock market's going to give us a much bigger return and, you know, then social security. Yeah, you should look so long. Oh, push, push, push! Oh no! I think I'll already lost you. I think you're already gone. I think I'm finally naked. Because the top of my head looks like a cute doll. I think it's already less me. Try that size for the dude. The knot stick you want to swap now, body or rock and keep the groove. And must be my change because my hair's so goodbye. Gotta keep staples in good supply now, and leaves I won't laugh. You call it much. I'm going ball that's the problem. Mind dealing with all the holes. Now there's nothing left on my door. You're the little girl I've heard of, you've had been removed. It's all gone. It's pretty much bare when my door. Yeah. Yeah, I'm what you call ball that's so free. What can I do? What I really sucked in that's a wrong cut. I played by mistake. I had killed about a minute and a half. 1132 or 560 WQM divided can acknowledge two of the adamant report that some priest and missionaries were forcing nuns to have sex with them and when some cases committing rape and forcing the victim to have abortions. Oh, is that a bison? Some nuns were forced to take the contraceptive pill to be put inside in the room. A lot of Republican daily. Moose paper. Lot of a publica. The Vatican said the issue was restricted to a certain geographical area but the report said it cases in 20th of the countries, including the US, Brazil, or Philippines, in the island and Italy. A Vatican statement said in relation to the news of cases of sexual abuse against nuns committed by priest and missionaries, Chief Vatican spokesman Joaquin Navarro Halls had the following announcement. The problem is known about and is restricted to a certain geographical area. Well, thank the Lord for that. The Holy See is dealing with the issue and collaborating with bishops, the union of Superior's general and the international union of Superior's general, they had the female religious orders. While a Vatican did not name the geographical area, the reports had most incidents of sexual abuse against nuns occurred in Africa, where the nuns were identified as safe following the onset of HIV and AIDS viruses devastating the continent. How do you like that? In Africa, certain priest sought out nuns for fear of contracting AIDS with prostitutes, or certainly with those males. So I'd be like that. So thank the Lord, that on you good Catholics, you a big and generous continue subsidizing this corrupt and grotesque and disgusting and funny and hypocritical organization, one of the all-time Western history of human kind. I just mentioned that in passing. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. We heard from our street priest yet, we still looking. W2QAM. W2QAM. W2QAM. Speaking. Wow, wow, I'm speechless, cool. Yes sir. I did think that the next time male corrosion white corrosion I won't want. Yeah, a lot of our face. Yeah. Like I think? She didn't call, she told her daughter to call. Oh, the question is saying same difference, yeah. Now she's saying, oh well, nothing to it. Why didn't she probably got made enough as she couldn't refuse? Exactly. Talk to the Catholics and explain real little of them. What is it? I think an exclamation rule was real for having. Yeah, they're maybe just a T-pot. How did they pay pal? 5607 CDs people have killed about Joe Caroleo. Maybe it just me. I'm just burned out on. I can't stand it. Joe Caroleo may have pinguupakinha. Enough already. That's another rule. Let them move their souls. W2QAM. Johnny Dark H2. W2QAM. Oh, yes sir. Yeah, yesterday there was one person that wanted to add to your list. Yeah. I wanted to say, I think this is very sore. Be good, alright? Okay. 5607. 5607. I was just going to say don't get so bad about it. I guess it's too late. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Pretty weak response. I'm screamless. I'll tell you that. Very weak. W2QAM. Oh, did you see Johnny Dark didn't get the gig over there at the... At the... Much of Carl kiss. So he's back on with us again. W2QAM. Janyl, man. I love your show. Guy called the leader and cracked about how you're trying to copy hard. Well, I don't think so. I've been in the both of you. And he's holding his way of your funding and your way of... How are those show what the dozen people send their way out of? How are you talking about Lesbian's in breast? I don't talk about Lesbian's or breast. And there's no connection. Because both shows maybe entertaining to people. Why does that mean I'm copying him or anybody else? Not at all. Not at all. It's just that sometimes maybe you... You've had such an emotional topic. And maybe that's what some similar area you make coming in. But that other topic. But I think that's the second thing I don't listen to with Shell. I have no idea what he's talking about. Right, exactly. And the other thing I want to say is that I love your show. I think you're great. And I shame what you ask. You've gotten pretty little and a very long time. Rambo number four and five. I'm with a friend. He's never heard it. And I talked to him about it a lot. And I think it's hilarious. Absolutely. But he's a gamer. He's a very more boring part. Oh, you. Come on. Rambo's still alive. I want to make movies for him. Five. I like to go with great plan. Hollywood's bulk. I'll put it in a little. I speak like I have a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's what I heard. My penis in and never ever grew. Rambo 2 was in 85 length. Rambo 3 was in 80 length. And I think it's hilarious. My gun. I just love my movies with my son. I think he's a lucky five in daylight. I don't know the movie. I love the cats. I mean. I doubt it. I get him out of the hall. I don't have the number of movies. Or brother. I don't know. I guess nobody ever has a cop. I'm still good. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to take it. I got lefty. I don't know if I can play them. What is the job? I need to make Rambo 4. Five. I got out. So call me up. I really need a script. I can do now. I'll go and keep it. It's a delight comedy. Action. And that's it. And drama. The deal I think I will not do is have sex with a llama. So give me a break. So don't miss a. I just want to be an entrepreneur. Now I can get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got one man showing my kept in. Basically I'm running boy. I'm a little bit of carcassies for a ride. I got to get a loan from the power queen. I have them all the way. I have no money. Or brother. So like. Another he. I get to know what I have to stop. I'm a. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is taking it. All I get left is the claim. That's why I'm a little bit. I need to make them all. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'm so. What do you want here? 22. I'll know that five sixty. WCM. Hanks back today from Vegas. I'll be on your two from Flyer. The books. There were six of my five. I'm briefly from six to seven because we got Panthers. Preview 7 to 7 30. The Panthers at Montreal to play. They have us cut against. They have it on. They have it on. At seven thirty anybody going to be listening to that. Oh, and any K after the hockey game. Popped off block is doing every day seven days week. I looked at the results in the paper because I didn't go as neck as in the club. The weather was like the end of the world. And I'm glad I didn't go. But anyway. Kevin Walls needed like two wins. I believe for a 6000 for lifetime victory. And I think he got one. Going to what I see in the paper. So one more and Kevin Wall achieve it probably happened tomorrow night. Because you got live racing four nights a week. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday at Pompeo Park. Simon Cash thing every day from noon to midnight to late. We hours at the morning including today. Here's today's sample cash schedule of Pompado. They didn't highlight starts at noon in just over 20 minutes. You got the freeholder want to clock minus set or one or five. Oh, and the god. No digger. No one is. Never. Even out of place 11 to night. This man to the. Ha ha ha ha. In that once it's a merum, that's so cool, that can't be bad. I'm not in the sea. A little car on the street, the middle of the sea, I'm at the king's seat, the same, the other change I need. She's a real item, she's a real pretend, She's a girl. It's very a circle on the way back home, that I got on the way here to throw the smile, can you do? I've just been to the man near the door. I'm singing to my birthday. But here's the blood I have to walk you. If you want to write a bridge, you can order me, cos there's plain soul in your chest. I'm bleeding with the blood, I'm going to beg in your arms, I'm going to die. Here's the blood, the soul goes, maybe I'll be far too lonely, in the jungle, with the action that's laid in my head, I have lost a way all I need is a time, a time, v sozusagen, had gone, had came home, trace, yo, yo lay, had gone, had gone, come home, he's got a loan! And by the way, he's not the world's earliest pedophile, then would you ever come up with that? That's certainly the Pope's got humid lease by a mile. 5 650, put on screen list at that, which custom is a little bit too slow to understand that, but try to do your best. Try to keep up with this. We're going to, I'm not too fast or more to this crowd. It's the precious building two and a half hours. How come they don't have that clock on there? Well, they're slipping around a gambling channel. Pull up this suspense. Get everybody all whipped up into a frenzy. Oh, I'm going to show an aggrera. That beef case this morning with Greenspan. W2QAM. A-Lio? Yes, sir. You're a-manant. Yes, speaking. What a hard job. I wanted to make a quick comment about the modern stadium here. Yes. I don't know if you've spoken already or not, but I heard word that John Henry's really trying to ram Rob just through saying that if they don't get the stadium that there may not be a marlins by 2002. That is correct. Well, how ridiculous is that? I mean, they're in a perfectly good spot right now where three counties can access them and a perfectly good stadium. Well, but you're going to see the point that he can't, he made a bad deal. He can't make any money there. He's going to be so good-amping out because Wayne's got a by the shirt here. So he made a bad deal. He wants public money to bail him out. It's the most outrageous thing in the history of mankind. Mike Mayale actually had a pretty good comment on some sembler this morning for a change in it's about time. But no matter how many columns are written or how many words are spoken, the fact is, it looks like this is they got this ram rod of two. There were enough people smeared somewhere in it. Let's make it through. Well, given the model of the new stadium is like putting diamonds on a war. Exactly. That's exactly what I said. Take it easy, Neil. OK, bye-bye. Bye-bye. Yeah, they're on their same well, this morning they're, you know, they talk outside to the ranch about, well, you know, we've got to be by 2004, but at least by 2005, and then John Henry says, well, if we don't do something by 2002, or if we don't make this deal, I won't be any more than here next year because the bud series, I guess, had the bud light is saying this. And we're going to, and of course, obviously, bud light is saying that because this is one of the many things that's called the groups that lay the girl neck is always greed and expansion, putting majorly franchises and places that number one can't support them. Number two, they're ever should have been in the first place. So there you are. And of course, this also being the last year of the Marlins contractor with WKWN. The fact that there's been no new contract sign yet, that's certainly going to make this a much more palatable place to a lot of prospective buyers. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah. You know, actually the worst lip, and I'm pretty disappointed. Because generally when some of these rumors come up or any of this stuff is in the end, this is a very strong rumor, and also based on stuff we're seeing here in the building. We get stuff on a fax machine. We get, you know, spyre ports. We get stuff from inside radio outside radio, art, or M&M, but somebody, but nothing happened now. The key business. And you remember, wasn't that many months ago that all rumors were really flying, and we were getting stuff off inside radio? Right. And then, of course, they denied it. Oh, no, what's that for sale? We're not selling. And as soon as they say it's not for sale, for I say, and I'm not from the Sire. We know you are. You know, always in the Sire, we did not. That is correct. So what this came in will be an information answer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the heat. But we'll just get our soliciting a little bit of information out there, because some of the people who are working here that don't have any contracts, they'd like to know how long they got a job for. Especially if they just want to bought a new car, things like that. See, this business is famous for that. They're notorious for it. Oh, yeah, I'm thinking about buying a house. I'm ready to sign my mortgage. What is my deal? We all came here. Oh, yeah, go on ahead. Side it. You know what I'm going to say next day, you get your ass came. I can't tell you how many times people in this business find a mind of how that happened to them. Because the people who run this business are liars, their bull crap artists, their back stabbers, their life killers. They're not just career-destroyers, they're right for the stores. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the heat. T and T, Verizon wireless line screen was so Tuesday. Nobody Q, I am. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay. I got a couple comments for you. Number one, it's about your poll yesterday. I didn't participate in it. Yeah. Not because, well, they learn hard at 25 million votes. Well, I have no feelings towards any of those people in the one. When my mom got a few years ago, yeah, I did. Of course. If you could in the future if Eric couldn't put a, like, none of the above there to maybe make it. I don't know if we had, if none of the above, you just lay out. You know, you can just look at it and find it interesting. We're not as the case maybe. But you don't have to feel compelled to vote every day. You're back, you're back. You're back, you know. Well, I like to be an active listener and participate. I see. You know, I'm a little bit excited about that. And I call my bookie and most of my money is added like, market. Yeah. And my money is mostly in money market savings. Very little investing market. Uh-huh. Really? I'm relatively safe. I hope. Okay. All right. Good. I'll see you under the bed. He's hiding it under there. Well, here's somebody, uh, factually the Alice Rand Teller biography here. That's pretty exciting from the internet. Do I want to see this? No. I'll give it crap about this. No. No. There's a mention, my name is here about the who to help put him on the ear and the cast for this and this one did that now. He challenges versus you to do this and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And it's the net. Yeah. Uh-huh. I like to challenge. Listen, there's not be a switchboard operator answering calls. He says. Yeah. I read it. I read it. It's a switchboard operator. Making a lot of money. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. What's wrong with being the angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisy of our times? You know what I'm saying? What's wrong with that? WWQAM. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Hey, here's a funny, here's a funny scenario with this, uh, stadium deal. People say they want to put restaurants down there and listen that. People that go to the games, can't even afford to go to the game. Or they're going to have to stay at the end of the foot again. Oh, sure. And the restaurant, if you don't make a profit for the first three years, they'll be closed in two or three years. 80 more. Okay. The big ice war. Okay. Thanks for the good news. I'm going to do. But like I've told you a couple of weeks ago, if they do it, let them do it. They'll be the last one elephant that ever gets built in this town. I mean, how can it possibly happen? Only two rampants to put it in the encryption could as possibly happen. Eight made an open line that a screen was too dead. This is a pretty good slap at a post. But you realize that and go to the location. So naturally, this always happens every time every single time. Does it bother me now? No, it doesn't care less. Crudden phased me less. And look at that. The green arrows are actually pretty good, which is a bad sign. Because every time we're making a little bit of progress, Big nose comes on there and just absolutely destroys it. Steps on it. WCOM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Good. Listen, pardon my ignorance about the subject, but obviously from the beginning, and obviously from listening to you and hearing what I've heard on QAM over the last few months regarding the stadium, I would agree that it's a bad idea. It would be nice if they could spend the money on some of the things that the public seems to be much more interested in, like, schools and other issues of importance. Yet, if they are going to build the stadium and you look at other cities, other real cities, especially other real sports town cities, where you have a downtown population of workers coming out of their offices and whatnot at the end of the day, and usually can get on some kind of a subway system and go to a big stadium and see the game, the weather is baseball hockey, basketball, what have you? You don't have that down here to put the heat and, you know, for whatever reason. And he doesn't do a fly. It doesn't. But I mean, basketball has other quickly, you can say this and prove it with every single statistic that's been shown in terms of people who watch this kind of thing. And the last few years, a basketball has been dropping in popularity, period across the country. People don't relate generally, the majority of the population happens to be white. Do you agree with it or not it is? Well, why do you think they're floating these rumors about micro coming back? And they're just salivating because that's the only thing they have to hang on to, just like hockey with Mario coming back and going around and selling out a renaissance like right here that haven't been sold out all season long. They take exactly. I mean, that's public-rated. How long do they think that they can hang on to Michael and Mario? They're going to play the whole life behind the years old. It's just not a substitute for a quality product and that's what they keep trying to do. They're trying to sell dog crap to the public and package it as New York's solo and it's not working too good. And, you know, man that was talking the other day about how every basically every single sport seems to be dropping. People don't seem to be interested in spending as much money anymore and they're just interested in other things. And I got to believe that, you know, even though I don't agree with building a new stadium, we're giving this guy anything free. Any business man for that matter, anything free. We live in a capitalist society. It's much the same way I feel about the money that are given to artists and the NEA and everything. Yeah. The fact of the matter is you make a personal choice decision in this free country of ours to go into a particular line of work. But you said, even though you don't agree, but there's a butt, what's the butt? Well, even though I don't agree with the fact that they should give the money, I still think that it would be a good place to build them. Sorry, yes, the butt is, I still think that the best, especially if the building is someplace in a downtown area and that perhaps you wouldn't. Well, you just got through saying that we don't have that downtown area. We're never very happy. Because if they build it in near the river side, where, how do you get there when you're parking? You wouldn't have to park if you were working in downtown, you wouldn't have to. But how many people are working downtown? Oh, I would that, like a question. I'd love to know the answer. How many people do work in downtown? How many people let them downtown? How far is it from downtown to the current state and that's up there right now? How many of those people slept up there to see mallon games? You could stick them in your broom closet and have them left over. But you know, driving the fact that I heard Matt is talking to the other thing he was right on talking about the omni and about all the different songs that are there that we're going to bring people downtown. The fact is that for a variety of reasons, well, only you and the mean everybody else, people in this town are never going to want to go to downtown Miami. It's just they're not going to do it. You're already working in downtown Miami. Okay, have a great day. This guy just wants to keep repeating this. Why does he do that? Just keep repeating it over and over again. Like a period. If you're already working in downtown Miami, I have two or three words. I'm sorry for you. Forward like I said. Good luck to you. Four more words. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Of course, he started to call by saying, you know nothing nothing about it. And you know what's there? I'm still really correct. Right, sure. 210 votes on our survey. Pretty weak. How much confidence do you have in the US stock market right now? I don't care. I have no stocks. 69. Some interest. Some confidence. But I'm still nervous. 64. Lots of confidence. It always comes back. 43. Very little. I'm losing my ass. 34 out of 210 votes. And we're just over two hours away from that magic of the limit. When he whips it out in the bare weather was in that big case too. And this isn't as pathetic. But the whole world, I mean, your pan is going to hell on a hand basket in Europe is like, oh, oh, yeah. I'm pins and needles. Will the searches, will the searches, pins and needles? So, that rich reminds me of my mother. Oh, yeah. This is a subject that other girls want me to be talking about. You want me? If it's a song, it's on Evergirl's mind. It's her head baby. The project my parents is, ultimately, it takes through the hands to handle it. And I'll get lots of information to get a dollar, want it. When I wear pants, I tuck it up a sock, but when I get churping, it's hard to walk. If I show Ricky he's seeing a lot of gold, it's okay. I have the elephant trunk trunk. Get guys on one. Walk on like a picture on the hop. I'm the top. I'm the singer, the singer, the elephant trunk trunk. Get guys on one. Walk on one like a picture on the hop. Walk on one like a picture on the hop. You call that a peanut? one, let all you people know how a stone or spear. You know, we're here high. But you have to brownies. Within that heart of glorious and the ancient animals, curious, so I had from office of cannabis, so before school, on the bus, come up with a lunch, a lunch, a pot, and today you're going to have to just can't stop one day. We even took up a set up. So we're going to bake that hoza. Say I plant my seeds. See, see, see, follow my weed. We, we, the ship, we're free. Break, break, break. You're right, say I plant my seeds. See, see, see, follow my weed. We, we, follow my bones. Let me smoke that stone. Baby, that stone, the long, long, long, long. I love what I smoke the bones. Just like you can choke, yeah, yeah. That stone, the long, long, long, long. Look at that hot, so glorious and the ancient animals, curious, so I have from office on cannabis. You've smoke before school, on the bus. Come up with a lunch, a pot, and today you're going to have to just can't stop one day. We're here and soaked up with a pot. Look at a big pot, hoza. Say I plant my seeds. See, see, follow my weed. We, the ship, we're free. Break, break. Get a run again, say I plant my seeds. See, follow my weed. We, we, follow my bones. Let me smoke that stone. All right. Baby, that stone, the long, long, long, long. I love what I smoke the bones. Just like you can choke, yeah, yeah. That stone, the long, long, long. Hey, baby, man. Yeah, yeah, that's a lot over here. Gobl miscarriage. Alright. Well, good hogy. Can you give me some food and walk? That rolling in string. Let me piece us around the more people there. Huh? Got a lot of words to me. So, you're just on the list. If you are going to kick off your beef, ask me a comment. Can they get it right? QM? Screenless Tuesday? Yes sir. So the good news is that there are stations being sold. Well that's a rumor. And it would be very good news, yes. Well, the rumor but you know people who know people that pretty much share. Yeah, if you had the dead money on it. Yeah right now I'd say but some of you are on hand. That's a good thing. So probably these gambling sports nerds. I'll take more talk over what do you think about eating at half-point spread in the franchise? Yeah, and salary. They wonder why they can't get numbers with that crap. I just don't believe it. I can't hear that stuff and these people call you. I mean I get crap, you know crazy people, at least it's entertaining. That stuff could put you into a coma. A sports talk show during the day will be perfectly fine. But 20 hours of sports how much come it? I'll have to talk about the same thing over and over. Yeah. I mean now we got, we got Ray Lucas and C.J. Ray and J and J and Ray and Fidler and Lucas and Lucas and B. And the same old crap. It's just the same football crap. Yeah, well, I'm not sure of you. Well, the few other were gratudos things sprinkled in there to make it look good. You know, all I have to say is the sooner the better. Okay, I think it's about the two, three days. Five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, six, eight, five, six, six, on a year. And like I've told you before, Hank can talk about anything. He can do like a general show. How do I want more entertainment? Like this guy said, then those old cretons calling him. Well, what's your take on that duke, uh, you and C game? What's your take, yeah? Take a crap, okay? God, what's your take? WDQAM. Well, I was calling him on the lobby for the first seven years of his last day in Hell and Hell. Yeah. Yeah, he knows that. You're welcome. You're congratulations, sir. Yeah. You're out, sonny. A lot of rumors about sunny rose and bird. He died. Yeah, politically anyway. He's out. There's only 123 years already, did pretty good. Five, six, seven, over five, six, eight. And of course, you said to the Rogers never makes a mistake. Then he said that was then the paper. Yeah, never makes a mistake. Like, just when I called you with disgusting pathetic or fart years ago, I was right about that then and I'm still right about that now, sonny. Get the honey, sonny. Five, six, seven, over five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the year. Is it pouring out again or something? Because I heard I thought, huh? And we need this rain bed. Don't get all the prayers just because we got some pin in the ass to rest down there. Paying a lot of money to bad. We need the water real bad. Because you want to start washing the cars and watering the lawns and then he's taking a shower like 20 times a day. Doing these things again for a lot of the pool, peeing in the pool a little bit. These are things we want to do. So if you're stupid not to come down here in the first place, don't do belly aching Rust at the weather wasn't good then your timing was bad. Too freaking bad. I got a place where nobody goes there for the weather or for the food things like that. They go there for like section drugs and I don't do drugs. Let me say that again. Let me make that very, very clear. Crystal clear. They go there for section drugs. I do not do drugs. Are you following that? And I joined you with diaphragm, okay? Yeah. They don't go there for the stick in weather. If it's cold you are a coat. If it's raining you get a guy named umbrella. You put on your grew washes, okay? If you want good food go to Italy. Go to Rome. Manjama Pasta, okay? Manjama and Jamanjama and then go somewhere you can have a good time. We can't there. WCWM. Yeah. Yeah. Yes I am. Yeah. This is George. Do you want to speak to George? No, I want to speak to me. I was speaking. I'm going to George today because he's practicing for the rest of the week. Okay. I'm going to go somewhere you said eating yes. Yeah. First of all we say I have a great vacation if I don't speak to before you go. Thank you. You're the only one who said that today. The rest of the news people they don't care. Well, then I'm going to say that. I'll let you have many more years. Can they squeeze out of my pathetic or body? I stretch it up on my editor over the weekend. The newspaper and some things. One thing. I didn't listen to you yesterday. Did you hear about more, you know, here? Madeline over here. Madeline over here. They found the body. That's so smooth. That was like days ago. I mean, we see a lot of now they identified it positively. But then there was her and that we told son of his John Garth. Well, boy, whatever his name was and the daughter too. Right. And also some some award winning not a woman from New York Times wrote an article that they published down here about Lionel Pate. And she's talking about the kid. And then she mentioned the father's grief. And she says, he's long in saying that the kid should be punished. Who is this woman to tell the father of a dead child? Go away. She says 48 pounds and this kid weighed 160 pounds. And he was jumping on this little girl. And the mother of this son was sleeping. She was probably babysitting the girl. Yeah. And she gets nothing. And she's going to have a Pia abroad this woman. And she's working on money from there. And this kid's going to be a chair for 20 years. And now we've got an outshot and an outshot and an outshot and an outshot and an Jesse with his illegitimate kid and all these other people down here starting up the old crap again in Johnny cockling and all these other professional spooks down here. Stir in the pots, stir in the pots, stir in the pot. They just can't stop, you know. And it's interesting. You see this 15 year old right kid that was sentenced to a to life last week. You didn't see it up demonstrations about that. You didn't see outshot and coming down here screaming about that kid. You wanted to lie because it was right. You're right about that. There's no question about that in a country. But I just can't believe that she's this down the father of the dead child. I think I was no right to feel that this the blow should be punished. And the mother of the, the responsibility that a watch is supposed to be responsible. Stand up and take responsibility. Stick around, Jill. But again, juvenile behavior. Right. Put him in an institution where you get to mental health. Absolutely. That's what the 50 pounds jumping out of 48 pounds. Right. That's just so wrong. You know, just playing just don't remember. Forget he was just playing. How to make that suck on the TV. How a wonderful thing to come out. Thank you. There's a one guy that has the, you know, do you see to say, hey, have a good time, you know. These are the people who give a crap. No, they just want to hear. I'm doing screen list. So instead of like calling in and just having millions of calls about that, we get the, Woo, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Don't forget about him. Oh, raspberry man. And that's one of the better ones we had today with. I like him. So, it's up to you. You have got to come from all of your cyber news. And the internet, I'm computers now. Sports radio 560, you 8-ounce. A young man once we're put to a cook up the mission for her. Father in law. Would you get off my butt? If you daughter so firm, if watch him marry such a pun. Father in law. If you think you better than me. Would I don't eat in cafeteria? And I'm a cake of TV. Always wear black shoes. With for me to hear the short. You can play the basketball, I'd have to cook. You won't drive any import. You're much swearing in the movies. You're many thones at the beach. Everyone except for a good and sweet and sweet. Father in law. Would you like to drive and be calm. If you hate any music, then have to get your heart. Father in law. If you don't be high in the creed. But I ain't clipping coups. Father in law. If you don't go to the top track. I don't drink at all. If you don't go to the top track. I don't drink at all. If you don't go to the top track. If you don't go to the top track. You're much more expensive. When I eat something, you're gonna get me out of the store. You're gonna have to get over it. You can marry a lawyer. I'm 16 at 5. 60. I'll just say I want to ask you for some of the sale to infinity. See the server is Cox whatever. I'll just say I want to play some time soon. I'm knowing the business of the way that we know them. I think that probably take really good care of all like the little people I know contract here 560 pound 560 on it. Well, that's one of the reasons that I'm mentioning this on the years because the rumors get in the strong You're by every minute and I think maybe some of the little people want to be at least You know not paranoid, but at least thinking about this and a little bit of warning because you know the way it works in this business They lied you and they lied you know, we're not doing this. We're not showing what I'm doing at and then all of a sudden when you're expected just like an IOD With our good friends the cops people. Oh, well, we tried to make money with you people and we tried and this is a waste of our time I'll put you know and here's about passionate. You know, I've had a great life I'm sure the beadley's will be every bit of generous that the cops people work while all the people who don't get picked up Yeah, I was about 65 minutes pay. I think I'm like that and They're best wishes WQAM WQAM Yes, sir Question kind of regarding what you're just talking about don't you think that one of these companies that the interest in buying They're basically also buying you with the talent Don't you think they'd want to bump you to FM and do some syndication work on that? Oh, right sure I mean that's that and penny like an extra maybe two-three million year. That sounds reasonable That sounds like the most valuable part of the franchise sounds you make so all the sense in the world of me all right Well, you know what you can do you get a stick your ratings up your ass and you'll always have them Exactly, okay. Thank you. You know the people's material What that number the one that's telling you the Mara corn guy again Mara corn this is the second time from that guy What do you mean I've written his number down before when he did that? And you were doing a number up before all we haven't given an out before I'm sure for it. Okay, well, we don't want that guy crying the one that from my<|te|>. No, this is the pin. Okay What's this guy's number 305 you can be sure that course 798 798 533 0 533 0 If you want to call and you can like shot back and forth into which other would that guy not a colon Not a colon, but I don't not a colon not a cop in that for like a while I was looking for one right. He's never looking for a boyfriend. Maybe just you know, he's interested in eating ass 5 670 560 what's that number again 305 798 53 30 is the Maddicone guy. I'm sure probably bond well. Oh, yeah course WQAM Yes, sir. I'm not the fuck WQAM. Hey, Neil please speaking. Yeah, this is Bill Beach calling. How you doing pretty good? Bill Beach good. How's your diet coming along? Okay. I lost a positive yesterday Sure. I have a whole new idea. Nobody believes it but I'm doing great. Yes. Okay, great I was just headed toward Miami today and I had you on the car radio wanted to check in with you My sure everything was going okay. What does that mean? Well, you know I talked to you two weeks back. I was there. They have fake shrink. Is that the one? Yeah, yeah No, no shrink the face shrink But just the psychologist, but I just want to fake shrink. Yeah Just wanted to touch the one that I thought George was an asshole or something like that? No, I didn't that was someone else. No, okay I would never do that. Okay, I didn't know I was in Chicago You may know this, but I was in Chicago last week. I found a nice little steak out there The maybe you should try to get that way. Okay, gifts and safety then it gives no number of Minutes. Oh, give it a try. Okay, great. Unless I have one request The you have a small portion on your fine some good media gipsons I got a friend that goes to school in Chicago or so maybe he'll go with you Yeah, what's the difference? You have to do what happens, but anybody know could you play? Could you play a little joke or oil song or something? Would I make you feel better? I mean you sound like you're the one needs a little help today It's not very fast. No trust me. I don't need any help. I'm headed to Miami to give a caliber exam today The group of people a caliber exam A caliber exam. Yeah, and is you a summation of my colors. No, that's a little bit Yeah, personal trainers give caliber exams not psychologists. No, no, no, no But but anyway, you got to get out of there's got 20 belongings Stick your peppers up the ranch while you're at it You're rude I don't listen to a word that God for the job No Yeah, she's very sorry that she had the other color polis and he never stole a freight train and wasn't a to a card The teapot and was the tempest in the piss pot and yada yada yada yada say a military crap 560 750 50 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM What is it Hello, hello. Yeah. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Hey. Hey, how are you doing? Okay? I'm a long time fan just why what can make one sub a request? Yes, sir I don't know if you played a while the alien and generating a phone Alien and Janet Reno song. Yeah What is that what does that one go like what is it what is it? It's like when they It's like what I want you was down here. I think you had a stop her name. I like already and no It's the most Martinez song from a while ago. I don't know how it goes by her to a while ago It was Jenny and alien So it was hysterical as one is compliant. Okay. I'll try to find it for you. Thank and the bit too And what you're talking about? No club. How about sister Jean with anti machine? That's one of my favorites. Yeah, but I don't know that's what I have But it's up to sister Jean with anti machine because I have no where I haven't got the fog And by the way sister Jean, I used to be your pro-Ile Paul and you had the time found Civil control Between She can shake that tasty meat Look at her social psychf Kennedy I mean I got a dad ts it's a drunken mac I know it sounds poppy but I'm so proud to have happy that you did it. I think I've placed that joint. She's got over there. I used to be a Eucorlicaton friend. When she died, she went to a very college. And then sister Gina Corresponding, the non-incharge of whatever she is. She was a big, gigantic, gigantic, giant, and you know, look a lot in charge. She, uh, hung it on down there. That's her compound. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Live. Kind of a compound, double-do. And works new. Double-do Q-A-M. Double-do Q-A-M. Go away, little, little, go away, little, little. I'm a Hick-a-Neal. Speaking, turn that radio down, please. It's killing the ones who are too much to money. Fine. I'll run into your place, I'll run into your place, I'll run into your place. I'll run into your place, I'll run into your place. No. Old and tired. How about this? There you go. That was Barney. Thank you, feel better. 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Live. I'm going out of the kitchen, is anybody care? Have a nice time, Neil. Have a great time. We really love you. And we can't get you like poison, but nevertheless, have a good time. Just that one guy. That's the way to get taken for granted. Then of course, you want a new people coming here and paying me off. Or maybe you check for our tree and have been in bucks. And I'm not here like that after the vacation. Oh, gee, what happened? What happened? What if we only want to call them, you know? You think it's going to make a difference if they call me if they offer me the tree and happen in bucks? They call the day? No, yeah. I'll stay if I get some calls. WQA. WQA. They've got that radio off again. WR is me, not it's cool. WQA. WQA. WQA. WQA. WQA. WQA. WQA. WQA. WQA. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. First time, call the long time. What's your listening? All right. Better special request. Or you can eat me, bro? No. Call, Phil, who play for it? 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 660, 560, on the AT&T. OK. And Verizon marvelous line. WQA. WQA. WQA. I'm a little grateful. Anya. Yes, sir. I hope you have yourself a great vacation. Thanks. And can you play trailer trash Barbie? Trailer trash Barbie. Is that in the things, George? Yes. It is. I hope you bring that in answer then. OK. Trailer park your Barbie's not in there. Oh, oops. Sorry. Maybe I'll look for it. Let me see it at the end. He said have a great life. No, I said I hope you do something next to them. Tenja Brandzon. She's not mad at the freak. Is not a Barbie a little out of your youngsters league. He's asking about Barbie beyond her intellect. Then you need the newest dolly from the tale. New trailer park Barbie. Wow. Her face is plastered with makeup. This looks like anything. And she's covered with lonesome. That sparkle like a good-wagon a new pick-up. She's got hair figures and lonesome. And her blue jeans look like they was painted on. They were painted on, Bozer-Bring. Yes. She's a beard-winking lion dancing in choir. We're even good in pop and nail technician. We live in double-odd with six kids and a third husband. Can't look like her. Wow. We. His booster bigger face turns. And he's covered with studs. That sparkle like a gunwagon a new pick-up. You sure got a net for me to throw or give me, right? Uh, that was a simile. New trailer park Barbie. Batteries not included. Kids, diapers, dirt ignition, cigarette, empty-six pack. The housecoat beats a month. There's more as to six pack. Hey, your spray boots, litter box. The Barbie's sold separately. So what's the cycle of therapist going to be measuring with those calipers down here? Black coat. Probably want to ask. Maybe do I love that one by didn't done, before he eats anyone to measure it. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 18T. And Verizon wireless plant. Thanks again to Eric, who's just a genius. Did Eric help us find out? Cheve. How did he do that? He's a magic man. trailer park Barbie and George calls him up up there in a layer. And it's a vector 95, cut seven. God. That's probably answered the phone. For a fact guy, he sure has a good memory, you know? Probably remembers the last 20, 30, 40,000 meals you ate too. 560, 560. 560. 560. Yeah right. This morning, 560, on the 18T and Verizon, listen later. Listen, my please, we don't want to lose you. We're not for three years anyway. WQAM. Hi, let me help. Yes, sir. Me or what are you all regaining? Soon. Well, I'll work it at best, but I'll come back at 30 times. I'll have a bit of you. Okay, thank you. Here we are. How are you? How are you? Soon. Tomorrow. Are you going to be on tomorrow? We got tapes tomorrow. Tomorrow, I'll actually be on tomorrow. And then on Friday, and then apparently two days next week. Well, that's how we got a ballgame next week. All because we got ballroom. Really? Huh? Thank you, by the way, for raging that. Yeah. Well, why don't they come to me? Absolutely. Well, why don't you want to come in and do a couple hours before the Molyn's game. I don't. And the rest of us said, now put the tapes on because nobody listened to the day the Molyn's games run anyway. Even, you know, making no different tools here. And it doesn't matter. I can bring back John Kennedy, Senior and Junior and Jackie. All three of them sitting here and promoted, you know, 20 hours a day. And still, no big relation. Because just just for a food, they might actually catch part of the Molyn game. Like catching the foot mouth, you know, that kind of crap. Mad cow, that's stuff. WCOM. WCOM. Good. How are you doing? Long time list for the first time caller. Yes, sir. Well, first of all, I want to wish you the look on your vacation. Thanks. And I have a request possible. I'd like to hear Donald Duck feeling good. I believe it's called. You got it. Thank you. And have a great life. Okay. Oh, my god. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. John. Well, I'll go get you a kill. 26 before one. Don't forget our Subaru WM. My suppose we need to sneak up into our only in the morning. Our Subaru WRX, so Hoopsist area, content continues at WCOM. Welcome to the next video. Welcome to the next video. Welcome to the next video. Welcome to the next video. Welcome to the next video. Welcome to the next video. Welcome to the next video. Welcome to the next video. Welcome to the next video. Welcome to the next video. Welcome to the next video. Welcome to the next video. Welcome to the next video. Welcome to the next video. Hey Neil. Here go Washington. Thanks for taking my cool. Thanks for making your crosshair. Let's have a couple weeks. I'm going to show you a lot of memories. You've been listening to you since you were the first day you went on on WINZ. I'm the daytime. I'm reading. You're complaining about the news. And then nobody was calling. And you started reading the news. I remember that. No, all of the other. You used to work so midnight on Friday. Monday, you fired an 8 to midnight. And then I had to come and set it any more. You would contact the show. That was brilliant programming. And there was like nobody calling either. It was terrible. Right. Just like now. Yeah. I was wondering on those tapes that Mr. Majors, Mr. Majors, brought in. You have one time you've been on WINZ. You have a fine that. What about you? Yeah, you have to be a year ago. It's fun to go to the on WINZ. Now, they must have done some other show. This is my story. It's way through. It's not a wish of that I want to be. It's a wish of a wish of a friend. I'm a man. Oh, she left. I'm a single. Now. Yeah. You're all the time. You're all the time. You're all the time. You're all the time. You're all the time. You're all the time. You're all the time. You're all the time. You're all the time. You're all the time. Oh, oh, oh. It's been an award category. You have to etscomed the de-e-z n mayonnaise in his nose-ks dowels. Come that away at the hollener device she led. You want to see that around around you? Also reviews are multi-casual kind of nice shadows. It's a nice allocation of them not just plays. Yes. There's a piece called Artanones, he use water Drops. That that's a show that is photographed in the image. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of kind of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. It doesn't matter if that's what does, molt nervous. Yes! Let it pass somehow. No Megan, soft. I'm a little bit scared of you. When did I hear the sound? I'm here. I'm just a little bit scared. The more I'm a soldier, the more guys, you know, the cancer, the more we've got in the stroke, the more we've got in the stroke, the more we've got in the stroke. The more we've got in the stroke, the more we've got in the stroke. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's just something else. No matter what I should do, I'll give you a hug, I'll give you a hug. I'll give you a hug, I'll give you a hug. I'll give you a hug, I'll give you a hug. I'll give you a hug. I'll give you a hug. I'll give you a hug. Oh. I'll tell you what, so you've got to be real professional due to understand that crap. I'll tell you that. That direct, oh, speak a minute. You know what, so I'll be didn't tell you any salespeople in here today. You wanted to know why? Because screw-in is in New York for three days. So no screw-in, so what happened to screw off? Yeah, they probably didn't even work into their sales department. They're probably not working at their jerking it. Like that's bosses. Tonight on Fox, lock up the daggers and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride when Fox presents Wenzyu the Tech. Fox or by the committee to a like George W. Bush and by KFC where you can get the new GOP bucket. The GOP bucket is all right meat, right wings, and only 29.95. Wenzyu the Tech. Wenzyu the Tech. There you go, I sold. Wenzyu the Tech. The way I moved around when I got to. I got the Mumble Movement. The Mumble Tool. I got the toilet seat. I swing and swing. The shoes of Mumble Bee. The radio play. But no without a load. And I'll all screw the junk one thing. I got the tools. But didn't mean to say, so it's all I need. I can make my hiding. I think. I don't have to push the toilet just so when I move inside the side that's the toilet bowl. I never have to spray it from the outhole. It looks a little like just to zero. I sway to the left. It's way to the right. But keep your feet in until you lie. I don't lay out the third thing. Calorie. But never let it get. A big red ring. That's why the Jack Guy. You can't see and the side. You have enough fun. When they do it with the Mumble Movement. Up or two. You're in the man. Oh no. Come on. You're in the man. Come on. You're in the man. Out there. Get out. For 45 at 5.60. W.C.M. Hankroberg at Flagler. Two o'clock to 7. The big go booster. Big orange head at 6.67 briefly. That's enough. Panther. The 7 o'clock. Seven. The panter. The panter. The amount you have to play. They're kind of the end. They have it done. They've got any K. And that's the lineup. That's it. Take it or leave it. 292 votes on our survey so far. How much confidence do you have any West stock market right now? Are you like sitting on the edge of your seat? Are you a ping in your pants? Are you like taking gigantic wild diarrhea? What's the deal? Don't care. I have no stocks. I'll hung it out of 293. That's 34.1% of you when I envy you. You have no idea. You have no idea. So about a third of this audience has no stock. Some confidence, but I'm still nervous. That was my vote and believe me that was generous. I'd best. 79. 26.9%. Lots of confidence. The market always comes back. You would get you dummy. 57.94%. Very little confidence. I'm losing my. My. Back to mass. 57 also tied for two but nineteen point four percent. So you put that all together. And it's not a really pretty picture. So we're like in civil adult Allen does this afternoon at two fifteen. Since he destroyed it since he put the brain, the emergency break on. And just butcher the economy. We'll see if he brings the scotch tape and lapages glue and stuff from the pieces back together. Which he damn all better do. Rimes with two. 5605050. 560. Here's somebody. WQAM. Yeah. Neil. Yes sir. Just a little nostalgia stuff is getting closed. You still have the old. Vice-play one or two hour. Sure. Can we hear that? We have to wait till one o'clock. We can hear it now. That's all right. That's why I didn't know if I could catch it before that. Sure you've got it. All right. Thank a lot. Let me tell you something. The only thing bigger than the one that told Wower is that Debbie Allen. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Here is not on play that is because nobody knows who Debbie Allen says anymore. I will try and tell with no Debbie Ellis. Yeah. They failed together. I mean work together. Big fat old Debbie Ellis. Another one of those people who came here and just did she make any impact at all? No. She made less impact on Joyce Kaufman, which is really saying something. I guess like saying the name of the way she says Joyce Kaufman. Why do they say it like that? Create so much damn anti-Semitism. Somebody who I am. Yes sir. This couple. What do you see guys? One here butterfly kisses. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh. Now what butterfly kisses. I think you got it. You got it. You got it. My short. It. It. There's two things I know. Daddy yeah, loser. She was standing here for heaven. And she's daddy's little girl. I went back home and went to bed. I got home of a child. I didn't mind. I think mommy cheated on you. But what's the law? What's the matter? What's the matter? I can sit at time and play. I'm just a little white flower. All in the mirror. Nice and now my little leaves here. Oh, it's all that I've done. I must have done something wrong. Yeah, I'm going to go to the job. To deserve all of your people. And butterfly kisses. That's not. Daddy's not here. Sweet, sweet, sweet. I'm dropping out of ice and warm. You're looking like a mama. A little more empty day. Daddy, I'm pregnant. One part, one. The other part, derives. I don't know who the father of a human being. Because from ribbon-manager. That's the turn, check. I'm waiting outside in a grave. I drove the climb to a tree. Can you just send me some cigarettes? butterfly kisses. Hang out by the doors for the brightening growth. You change your name today. Dad, I'm getting married again. You make a promise. And I'll give her away. Dad, that's my ass. And in the bridal, just standing. I think I have to play. Ask me what I'm thinking. And I said, I'm not sure. I'm not a lad or girl. But I'll always be here. Hey, pop, we're moving in. I'll give a ball. And butterfly kisses. Dad, I've moved. I'm a lad, Dan. You'll never have two or a husband's broken. You can pick your friends. You can pick yours. You can even pick your record. You can't pick your relatives. Boy, if that ain't the truth. Thank you very much, Vanessa. Man, we appreciate that very much. George will be taking that home as usually that. Yeah. I'm not touching that meat. I'm not the. You know what? Jamie Neat? No. Especially these days. That's put in mouth and hope and rectum. But thank you very much. 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQAM. Hey, New Harvick, going. Pretty good. First of all, I'd like to wish you a happy vacation. Thank you so much. I'm going to have a wonderful time and spread to some of these people. You do that. Just them off. I will do that. I'm so jealous of you. I've done anybody that caught your own information today. But I don't know if you knew today was Bobby or 53rd. Really? Yeah, it is. Today's Bobby or 53rd. Too bad I don't have that called by Dan Kelly. You know, or the Sanders or whatever that was, Sanders and the Warren. That'll have to do it. There you go. And then what about Dan Kelly, don't you? Yeah. He died. Yeah. Hey, I'm wondering if you could play for me the, the bit with the airport. Okay. Thanks a lot. We've got it. Yeah, I'll be here with you. Okay. I'll see you meet us. What's that called? The F1 of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word. Fuck. Out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F. Fuck is the only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word. Just by it's sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love. Fuck as most words in the English language is derived from German. The word, from which it means to strike. In English, fuck falls into many grammatical categories. As a transitive verb, for instance. John, fuck, surely. It's meanings not always sexual. It could be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the fucking word. As part of an adverb, Shirley talks to fucking much. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, Shirley is fucking beautiful. As an noun, I don't give a fuck. As part of a word, absolutely, for, in, incredible. And, as almost every word in a sentence, the fucking fuckers. As you must realize, there aren't too many words with the versatility of fuck. As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got fuck that they used, Carlard. This may off fuck it. Trouble. I guess I'm really fuck now. Aggression. Don't fuck with me, buddy. This missile. Why don't you go outside and play hide and go fuck yourself? I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly. Fuck you.  a called type. come on it's boy, not fully All we did was we had drunk from the old siltai. All of the siltai. All of the siltai. All of the siltai. All of the siltai. Yeah, he died. He still did. 255-50, over to QAM, happy Tuesday, too. One of the great days in history. So what I think about the rumors of infinity by an estation plan, we're going to think of that. Yeah, everybody's given a standing ovation. I mean, I don't want to be easily to take it personally. I'll tell you, especially, I want to take it personally. No, not him, because that would be bad. I mean, it would be right, but don't take it personally unless you want to. WQAM. Hey, well, yes sir. How you doing? Great. I've been about a year since I taught you, but this is George Kelly. How you doing, George? Good. I just got back in the action myself. I'm just leaving. I do like that. No. The place compared to this armpit. You know, I guess you know, about the all-a-roke construction going on there, right? Yes, I do. Yeah. I was there in January. Yeah, so you see, they do the smart thing over there during the off season when the weather is crappy and most of the tourists aren't coming in. That's when they fix up all the roads and the transnet stuff. And then by the time the spring is there, it'll be pretty much all fixed up. And I'm like here when they wait for the season starts and then they start turning up the roads. Yeah, well, plus you also see the amazing sight of people actually working on the road. Right. It's supposed to make you unique. I thought many people were working on it. It's a road to. I have no idea what you're talking about. No, treat them. Right. Listen, the only thing I know is it will be later, but the happy 25th. Thanks, George. Okay, take it. You have a great time. Thank you, too. Okay, there's a good guy, George Kelly, who's to be on that panel and unlike that other guy, Paul, he doesn't say, hey, I was a part of your life. I'm a part of your life. You know, Tom, I'm talking about that Paul guy. Anybody know who that is? Oh, yeah, we know. You don't keep Paul just to go away. But George Kelly is a good guy and what over there at Amsterdam and just couldn't believe it. He said, wow, this is right to be a world here. I said, absolutely correct. For Ryan, the two of us. Welcome to clear psychic negro line. Oh, they are be helping you today. Yes, this really clear. Yes, honey. And all I'm feeling the stress you're having today. The clear, let me tell you why I'm. You had another fight with your jail lover. Oh, you did do. Oh, I'm not. I'm not. I know. No, no. What's that man we're doing to you? I'm not listening to that. Please, my name is Jeff Remarkin. I just want to ask. I don't know. I must know. Well, I never get my own radio show. Oh, honey. It don't look good. Oh, good at all. Oh, let me know. God, for the death card on you, honey. What's that mean? Where the hell are you? You're off to pay me $7.99 to find out. I'm on my way. 101 at 560, WDQM 560, 50560, we're doing screenless here. There we go. One hour to kill. Waiting for the other shoot it up on that big news of the sale. And we had a news about it all. And he fact, oh, no. They're keeping us on really tight-lipped. Thank God the rumors aren't flying around out there loose, you know. WDQAM. Hey, George? Yes. Good. Got a good one for Neil. Okay, we're going from. Alright. Oh, that's your guy with the eyes. Very good. I'm 670560, pound five 60 on the AT&T. Oh, no, how are I doing? How? No one who calls us friendly with me. Oh, except it. Except him. Because he's sucking him out, hoping to put him on. I think he was putting Neil on. The guy with the eyes. We had the blind, my con, rode it today. My, my, look out now. Let me interfere with you life again. Let me come out to that, that singles dating party again. I didn't see if we can screw everything up. You know, just a pissier off. WDQAM. Yeah, George is cock. I beg your pardon. Good George. No. What's next now, you calling, sir? And don't use language like that again on the program one year. He wants me, it's cock. Yeah. I just call him say, have a happy vacation. Thanks. Have a happy show. Oh, no. I'm going to try my best now. Oh, this is this. Are you just filling in until the sales goes through a run? No, actually. I find a long-term graduate. You did? About two weeks. No, 21 days. You signed a contract? Yeah. With kiss? Yes. Oh, my God. Yes, I know. I don't know. Well, good luck to you, Cox. Well, thanks. Thanks for thinking of me. Thank you. Take your, keep your nose out of trouble. I'll try my best. You do the same. If you catch my drift, they'll ask me if my nose were like, I can get elected to Cox. All right, see you, my friend. Party. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. There's just a little preview of what you're going to be here not kissed or didn't finish the morning. Oh, with Cox out of radio. Oh, man. Oh, we got to have that in here. We got to have that drop. And that's my favorite got it was in the fall. That's the all-time best. Oh, many is getting a big chuckle out of everybody's not even on the area. It should be told that those are sunny fox. Oh, I don't really, I don't even know the weight. I mean, I do not see a lot of different serity. Cox and Fox, Cox and Cox. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pond, 5, 6, the only 8, the only 8, the and 2 and Verizon, where it was lying. Wow. Yeah. W to Q, I am. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today, man? I'm going to tell you about that. I've got a little deliverance of 3, 0. Yes. I've got a couple of minutes and I've got a couple of questions for you, okay? Okay. You remember to see where they go drop the paddy? Yeah. Okay. Do you know about this? They don't know about it. Well, okay, here's the deal behind it, all right? Apparently, bird whales, the producers and a few other people got together and hired this guy, right? A real hillbilly from Nashville. Yeah. You know the scene, right? Off from Nashville. Yeah, sure do up in the woods. Right. Okay. So here's what happened. They didn't give netbedty any idea what was going to happen. They told this actor to starmize him. And it was off the script. So netbedty was completely traumatized by this whole thing. Yeah, no idea. And that scene is for real. Yeah. That's what I get from a very reliable source. Okay. Contrigate fantasy. And the way around, they had a reunion, right? Yeah. That bait is in a canoe that's going down the river. And they called the play, saw to me lake and he flipped out. And he flipped his or her. Yeah, apparently this is a job of the story. All right. They got a couple other questions for you. There's a good of those, just keep going in. I think there's some good mushrooms, man. No, it's not a real. It's from the side of my very reliable source. Uh-huh. Okay. All right. Let me have the interesting scene control. The radius stations. Let me by that. As far as how far you can go with your bits. Because when you break words out, you can almost out the same. Yeah. How do you get away with that? Well, most as long as you can't make a way, how do you get away with that? You just bleep out while you're there and that's it. As long as you'd be, we have a volume open. But you can't say certain words like they asked word and all that. You can't say that. What do they think of you for that? Give you a fine. They find you start the on a wrist find if you buck. Say don't do it again. Okay. Last question. I think that would take a video. Did you get a chance to see? Yeah. Very interesting. Uh-huh. They're a couple more of those. That's the prototype. That's the big type. The first time in my life, everybody, I saw a woodpecker up close in person. You thought, Mel. Okay. Every day, pal. Okay. Watch out for that video if they're in the woods. We believe that's during all. Pretty good though. Pretty good one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, pound, and he sent me a video about the board in the woodpecker. And I told you it's not in the tube, it's in Latvia. And the Russians are cranked up every now and then, at least they used to. I don't know if I got to believe they still are because based on some of the days we have here. You can tell. You can tell when I would pecker with just a- I-I-I-I-I like that. Do you know the woodpecker may be a rumor? 5, 6, 7, I hear he's got a bad portfolio. W-W-I-M. You know, your biggest astounds, but hard-cain football is even bigger. Yeah. And-and her came football, she didn't bigger. How do you like that? Her phone football. Well, that was pretty profound. Pick a winner, pal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the ATT. We're doing screen research and we're giving it a numbers up. This is very sad. Really depressing to me. Especially on the last day we've been for vacation. I'm embarrassed for you. W-W-I-M. Yeah, George? Yes. I bought the cons from Boca. One of the talks, man. Okay, Bob. Okay, let's go to Boca. Hello. Yeah, I knew it was Bob. Hi, Bob. How you doing? I'm going to ask Sam for the fifth year in a row, but this will be the first time on Queen's Day. Oh, right. Oh, Bob, you better take some, Nia, Bumper's, and, you know, Nipads or whatever. I hear the colors orange. Yeah, that's right. Well, that's the National Color is orange. Well, you-I thought you said you've been there. Yeah, but not on Queen's. I see. Have you been there on Queen's, sir? Yes. It is a Madhouse. It's an outdoor party with about a half a minute people in this, like, you can barely walk. Listen, I'm going to be standing on my 50th birthday there this year. Uh-huh. I wanted to know recommendation of a really nice restaurant that I'd enjoy. McDonald's. Come on. Chicken sandwich. No way. I don't-I don't really know any good restaurants in Amsterdam. I haven't found one yet. There-there, I guess. Well, if they-I sure haven't found one. I don't even know. In addition to what you want to be having time to eat, believe me, it'll be too busy. Maybe it's a foot smack. There you go. Have a great time, pal. All right. Are you even, sir? Yes. When you leave? I'm leaving tomorrow. You won't be there through Queen's, sir? No. All right. Have a great trip. And have a great time. Bring your ass. Well, okay. 560, 560, palm 560. I'm trying to warn him. He's not listening to the word that I said. Do he or anything with that, sir? No. No. You have never been in such a-I mean, if he had crossed her probably, I would not suggest being there at least not in the heart of time and that day on April 30th and here in Queen's day, there's more than Queen's there. In fact, it'd be honest, but there's not really that many Queen's on the Queen. They'd like more, you know, young, head of a sexual couple. I mean, there's all kinds of people as usual. But there's a lot to stuff. And of course, you know, that need to generally most of it pretty safe from what I'm hearing. Most of it. I could, can't keep this pecker in his hand. G is false, a gasoline is seen in can do. You is false, ugly, red next to, all more than two. And he's false enough in that once your fancy back to day, as this father said, did Jerry, empty in dress by him and his head. That garlic, remember free, is he? God, some of your feet, give us your shoes. You know who's your country, dear? You feel some kids for the NRA, come home. You're made for what's lost you. A rock. G is false, a foreign thing. You can do. You are under educated, in red groups. And this father and our head is at the same side, where is there you at the same? Easy to get more of it all the best that you adore. That is your head, all the best you do. That is where you take your shoes, dear. You're so smooth, but what do you know? This is my son's birthday. When you're feeling this dream so crazy, it was done. When they're too busy, they're not on me. It's for slicing your head and your head. You're so smooth, you're so smooth. You're so smooth, you're so smooth. You're so smooth, you're so smooth. You're so smooth, you're so smooth. Once 15 to 5, 60 WCM happy Tuesday, two days. One hour to go. I'm going to just do maybe somebody bitched them out about doing that. They always used to do that. I'm not the gambler in the channel. Have that clock going with the countdown. But they're not doing that anymore. They're just trying to get a little credibility. What do you think? WCM. Talk to you after now. Yes, sir. Happy and spending vacation. Thank you very much. I have to say I will miss you, but I will also look forward to hearing George. There you go. It's a little different as you. He's going to be doing eating armpits. This is really a new wrinkle. Just a little bit of wrinkle or wrinkle. What happened? A little different as you. And that's always good, I think. I like armpits that they like shaved. There. I don't know if it's the screen list that you're doing today or if it's just the tragic news that you gave yesterday that fuck day guilty resident court. But I got to tell you about 12 years ago. I got a call from executive recruiters said there's a position in Rochester. You might be interested in why should you take a trip up there. And so I did. And you know what I think about Rochester. They sent me a video on everything. I thought a code act was there and I thought, according and abduer. And I got up there to keep Freeman. I got a bit there at late on a Monday night. I remember the finals of the NCAA Vascular Management. It was Michigan was playing as a matter of fact. And I got to bed. I got my four hours sleep. I got up in the next morning. Really early breakfast meeting with the principals of the business. It was a distribute distribution business. And I said, don't need a big breakfast because we're going to take some place special for lunch. And I'm dressed in a suit. You know, this is an executive recruiting mission. There's going to go through screening process. All right. The staff and this is, you know, I've been using one of covered with hot sauce. Well, wait a minute. I'm thinking. This is going to be some sort of spit. I thought, you know, there's a much us on Lake Ontario. Yeah. Great. Well, maybe there's some spectacular lake restaurant where we're going to have this big, you know, off the presentation lunch type deal or whatever. So I won't get it up for them interviewing hard on during the morning and to put it by that sort of a now special. We're going for our special lunch. Now, I don't know which one it was. What was, what was, I don't know if it was in Brighton or wherever it might be. But we go to dot and Bob. I walk into that place. I'm not going. This has got to be. I, there's a joke or this career. Yeah. Then I realized if I would not been so self-important at the time, I might have figured out these guys are fairly cool guys. It's a more of the real special place to go for lunch. Oh yeah. Well, I ate and I ate and I ate. I enjoyed it immensely, but I still thought, you know, I just not sure that this is, you know, that they're setting you to message with that with that lunch. Meanwhile, a great afternoon screening session where they give you the psychological evaluation, everything is kind of wrecking. Get on the plane and find that from Rochester to Miami International. Now, if you have an eating white hops and you have an eating. Yeah. I'm sorry. Writing an ice and sandwiched in the middle seat between two women. I don't think you're sh**ing me. Yeah. I just kept like eating over the time. I was asleep the whole time. And every day I went over and I'd see one of my standing face for lunch. Wow. I love it. So I, but you know what? I never realized that that's where I was until about two or three years later. And I heard you talking about it. And I said, oh my god, I went to a famous place for lunch. Yeah. I didn't know it. You know what? And I told you your life has changed forever. That's exactly right. Fucking right. And hold the sauce. Okay. See how do you like that? Kind of like one of those experiences we have with ponytail. You know, a little bit of long barretime. 5 6 7 0 5 16. We got a less than an hour to go. What are they saying on there? They're to develop a Salesforce for egg. You know, come there. I have something important on there. I come there. How come they're not iracculating? Why don't they have a what's your name on there? That we just had on what tells your name? Cleo. WQAM. Yo man. Why? Yo it's playing the fake one. What is it? Yo it's playing the fake one. Fake one. You say, got some much better man. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah man. I'm the reason. Yeah. Yeah man. No, you're the gangster. Oh, I, I, I listen. What do you think of the person? Great. Really? Yeah. Yeah. You know, like it. All right. It's not like some of the other spills. I've been pretty good. Yeah. You know, 100 years old. Not bad for 50 year old guys. Right. Yo man. What's up with your doctor much better than the. There be. You're the dirty. You played dumb. I don't know if it was a bit. Or if it was live. Put the yo Eddie guy. You know, Eddie guy. He was going on and on for like a minute. Oh yeah. That was, it was not a bit. It was on the voicemail. So how's that? I think you were. I saved it, but it hasn't been. We don't have another thing yet. Oh, God. But it will have it. We won't lose it. Just like if I had dumb cocks thing from two years or worse, it would be no supposed to be your waste. We're still hanging in the party. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Okay. Good. Thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Woo. Man. Those people are kids. They're going to be kids. Yeah. I don't want to know what they're going to be. Kissing. Yeah. I don't want to know what they're going to be. Kissing. They thought they had a real party with sunny fox. They didn't see nothing yet until they see cocks on the radio. WDQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. How you doing? Good. Schwarz, wish you a good vacation. Thank you. And I'll be one of the first one to talk about eating ass. Great. I talked about eating ass. I don't see what's wrong with that topic. Exactly. I don't know what's right. I've got a lot of them. So I'll talk about it. He probably thought I asked. Yeah. That's why he's so off tight. I mean, see I find the people are off tight about some of the ones who are doing it. And they're running by the final. They're doing it clean. That's the way. Absolutely. Can I request a bit there now? Yes, sir. That one that's, it's all that gets like cheese marines for you. See you in about Wheel of Fortune or something? Oh, Vanna, pick me out. Yes, sir. You got it. Thank you, sir. Okay, see you. See you. Get me a stick for an aeroplane. That's the good. I remember Wheel of Fortune games. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Oh, Vanna. Pick me a letter. Great. What do you mean? Vancro. I don't see how much money I got to spend. Can't sense the load. Get fat day. Jack again. Won't throw in the tower. Still live by your powers. Oh, Vanna. Pick me a letter. Hey, man. What do you mean? There's no written form. Vanna, pick me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream of all. You even has that and all over the center. Why? That not I don't understand why you make a hundred grand. Not for me to say. Anyway. Get me a stick for an aeroplane. Gonna be under Wheel of Fortune games. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Oh, Vanna. Pick me a letter. Oh, Vanna. Go Vanna. Go Vanna. Hey, I got to my place, Vanna. What is this thing? Is there any other network? Is there no writers? I'm not a writer. I'm a writer. I get to learn, Vanna. I'm not a writer. You feel well with these young meekers play the on-game. Yes, they took one aeroplane. Oh, why? I'm on the Wheel of Fortune games. I just got to know that sound. I'm in the bonus round. They've been on a big needle letter. Close the turn. Hey, pack loose it. Vanna pick me a letter. I don't know what's on the limit better. I dream of all people. I've done it all over the hand. Vanna, I don't need to fear. I'm wearing underwear. I promise you. Anyway. I don't fear how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look at the stage, Jackalgan. Won't throw in the towers till I buy your powers. Oh, Vanna. Pick me a letter. With Vanna. Pick me a letter. All right, everyone, you can break berries. WTPA, GGGL. I'm allpeera. I see you beat up your exciting. Allright, I take this gold mod. I blend them and get my throw down water or flitter rector later. My bestOP with the school organization, let's write limited one word fromt- sfar, a black and white sign in portable TV sur. Like this rock, man. My father didn't know that'll get me a whole . To me, you're the one and I'll buy the seed . Emi Avarati. All right, we just have Eko Mavdeberg here, baby. Thanks to whoever factors to May thank you John. John Fife's memorable user's last name on here to protect the guilty. Look at this. From the Dow Jones News Service, March 20th at 12 o'clock, 2 a.m. Filer Gregory J. Reed, Greg H.U. Tire Shereholder. Sprycket Shere's to sell 5,000. They registered March 16, 2001. The 4144 is filed with the SEC to refruct the intention of any holder of restricted stock to sell those shares. After the 144 is received by the SEC, the Filer is permitted to sell the shares of any facts to them within 90 days. Now, why would Greg Reed be selling 5,000 shares of B-laced stock within 90 days? On March 16th, this 144 with the SEC, unless he knew that stock was going to go zooming up there. You follow what I'm saying? Because the sale is imminent. See, now, I'm glad you. It's unfortunate I have to do with this way on the air and living to me being the radioianter. But the fact is, it always works this way. They're not going to tell you the little people. They're not even going to tell you the big people. They're not going to tell anybody. What they're going to do is just this kind of stuff and they're going to make a fortune in making a killing on this. None of us of us will be held left holding the SEC. He'll cycle. Or whatever. So about all I can say is thank goodness for a really good contract. I can do anything I want to do. And there's no support on it. And I'm going to be consulting you who's looking at this asshole. I'm a reptile. Oh, a formula. I've got the power to hold it to hold. Oh, that's good. I'm going to be talking about the way to get you your own show. I have a station down in Hollywood. And I go, okay, I just go and make it alone. It's because you can show people how much they're paying for their needs. And you'll do anything I want you to do. I'm here to consult with you about, but your life is not entirely yours. I'm going to be an audio. I am on your head. Don't slide. Can't I get a real job? That's why I'm a consultant because I'm just an ass. I'm going to be a little bit trying to say anything. Yeah. Yeah. One, thirty, one, five, sixty. So all the radio consultants and all this, so have a new decree. Here we go again. Just hang on tight. Strap yourselves in. All I can say is something's going on. Changing the locks, selling the stocks, revenue, lots of stocks. Yeah. Fox. Fox. Fox. Fox. Fox. Highring Cox. And sitting ahead the clocks. All that's a little way to go. Let's come up. Okay, let's go back to our screen. Let's hear us. We try to figure out who's got a job and who doesn't know what's going on. Because they're sure they've ever got to tell us. Oh, no, that I got to tell us a goddamn thing. They'll be another one of those kind of distant meetings. And while we've decided to be these are cash in there and then there you know, whatever you say. They may have snore for me couldn't refuse and we'll say, oh, right. Yeah. WDQAM. Yeah, yes, sir. Yeah, for something. No. Yes, you're out for got about that. WDQAM. I'll call me. I'll hurry you. Pretty good. Hey, I don't have any stocks, so don't give up. Correct. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I hope you have a good vacation. Thank you. It's not as bad as you used to be because we get to listen to George now, but we used to be a real bomber. Oh, those tapes are a killer. I can't tell them that. I'll do you want to have some great model of exhibition games on there, so you'll have plenty of good movies to turn it off part of the time. That's right. Listen to them. Talk about eating a whole though. Right. Anyhow, just have a good safe vacation. Take plenty of Viagra and condoms because you're going to have a lot of gay hot sex. Okay. Okay, thanks. Do I need to buy a rest? No. No, I don't. Let me say it again. My people really go to Amsterdam, I'm sorry. 560, 560, 560, and I don't do drugs on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What do you do there? Who do you do? Yeah, no one is there. Have any friends there? What are their names? What the hell big is it? What is their shoe size? Oh, brother. Like she's writing a freaking book. I'm going to tell you one thing. I come back this time and she's taking down that calendar with the twins that you know about. The one just like this one back here. Similar for the other. She's taking a calendar down. Yeah. Time to have my purpose sleep if I count or disappears again. Oh, yeah, I know you like it. Yeah, I like it. I like it a lot. WQOM. Yeah, look for me. Speaking. Deal. Yes, sir. Hey. Listen, I want to request for you. Okay. I've never heard my brother told me about is the priest to call me. You can plan on with the I'm gay. And one of my brothers never heard of the Hank Oberk searching for chicken. Hank Oberk searching. No, that was Rick Weaver searching. Okay, we're going. We're going. Yeah. Got to do that one there. Okay. Hey. Great show man. Thanks. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Yes. Is this a roger? Speaking. That's a roger. Reverend Jones here. And you're having another phony Reverend. Yeah. What is it? You're having a controversial show on cars from the past. No, we're not talking about crawlers from the past. You're a bit. It's that you're doing. Sure. What are you talking about? You're playing old bit. No. No, I know. I weird. We had a call a while back. And I guess you did a tape. And you made some type of a card on it. I guess that's what they're telling me. And we discussed not playing it on the air. What are you talking about? That's the part that gay bit, sir. That was one of my third. Yeah. You appreciate to not play that gay. You're gay. You're gay. You're gay. You're gay. You're gay. Did you receive the letters? You're gay. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. Did you receive the letters? You're gay. There'll be a lawsuit. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. No. You're gay. You're gay. What was he trying to say? You're gay. 25 till 2. Boy, I've said it. 25 and 15. Sounds like 40 minutes to me. And that 40 minutes. And then we can all let loose. Oh, brother. It's either going to be a bigger explosion. One way there. I mean, the way that people are all panicky and forming it to mouth and losing their ass and all of these other things. No matter which way it's going to go. It's got to be very good or very, very tough fed. All the pinning on big nose. WCYN. WCYN. Yes, sir. Yeah. Sorry. I was watching Channel 10 News on the day of your anniversary. Day of my daughter's wedding, yes. And then, you know, I was watching with my wife and my nicks when they played that. Even yes. Yeah. I was calling it cop. Did they real-als what they, what they were saying? No. Oh, okay. I did. You can't you look at the white lottery else press? I, I've heard you mentioned. But I guess I'm missing. Oh. I've seen a look on my press. When I heard some of them, you know, the day shows that to play back about 20 years. They played on one line. Yeah. Eating at a eating ass, Greg. The eating ass. And white lottery will look like somebody had just laid a 20 pound elephant to her. Right? And cut it as now as, yeah. Okay. All right. Go. Keep it up. Okay. Thanks. What's he trying to say? Greg H. You all. Well, we know that. So, Greg reads a so-and-so-and-stock, huh? That's pretty interesting. Where he's going to sell. Plus we don't know all the West, but he's going to sell. But at any rate, we're restricted shares to sell 5,000 day registered March 16, 2001. And all these rumors started bubbling around just a few days ago. They're probably like around March 16, 2001. And supposedly, the papers are all signed and pretty much, or at least they're all put together and ready to be signed and pretty much a done deal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Make sure it's a certified check by the way. I just mentioned that from the Alcromas. I'm sure it's a certified check. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. He'll get over here. Go ahead, guard. You have terrible bowels. It's a third-graph on your windshield. Wow. You know that's pretty small. I'll save my fellows, you know, head, six higher to the new force right. I only take the callers to pay 50 this is free. The hang of now. Few in hatred when I talk. I'm thinking it's called. But if you keep with my crew, it's been hanging down down down down. The rain enough and I hate for them and they're good with them. And all the jungle, but get me well fair, but get me up. And the fuck's too cute. It's those things. They're going to get nothing from that group of you. Why? Two of his liberals have an overall. We don't need three, eight, eight. You can come up there. You see, my fellow Ditto hands. The words that knew compassionate conservatism. If you come up, listen to about six. You see, that's the one thing we don't like. I hate face and face games in a Christian way. You can't tell you why. Right here in now. I keep it hate myself. I'm in the closet. I know what that is. I may as well come right out out. They only wait that I can get it up with my little old cheese when I'm with. Back to what he makes me feel so funky. When he places my face at his mommy. Like some like the girl. Yeah, baby, that's what I'm really like. That's them. Okay, one for me today. I just wanted my past as long. Not only we got all these rumors about the state, the assail of the radio stations, but also judges out there. They're another humongous crap. Maybe that has something to do with it. Yeah. Sure, sir. I have never seen anybody in my life who, for a little guy. It's just crap. It's like he's so little. Perhaps that's perhaps that he's quite Jesus. I thought I was wrong with the irritable ball. Man. Black him. Anyway. So he's out there, uh, crap. And I guess. WDQLM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You are really off the sofa, sir. Yeah, we have ready to free the head for a second. I come down and look around and buy. Okay. There you go. Okay. My home man. Yeah. Not bad. Always start with a Chinese crap again. WDQLM. Hey, Neil, are you doing? Okay. I'm a good vacation. Thank you. And let me ask you a question just for the second show. Yes, sir. It's just my crazy chance. The radio station is full. Uh-huh. I don't think I should. I crazy chance. I mean, when Greg Weed starts unloading the stock, you know, he's getting ready for the big year push. Okay. So, so this is all. And, mysteriously, you get a check in the mail and answer there for you by our close. Well, you're a little bit, you know, go go go go go go. Yeah. Well, well, well, well, I follow you, but it's back for your law. Listener, dear. Well, I want. For first, for any reason, would you come back just to one last show or not? It's possible to be the last show. What I do one last show? No. No. No. I'll certainly say it's in flowers. Even for all your law, listener, you will do that. No. Okay. Okay. You're a good thing. I thought you thought the nonsense, the guy says this hands, the train is now an answer to the German police? Yes. Well, this government is now an answer to the German police. Take care of the other team. Okay. You're like the sir, come back. Yeah. I'm sure. I mean, if they say any like a certified check for three and a half million dollars, don't you want to come back and do like at least a few shows in the, I'll say. No. No. Good luck to you. Thanks for everything. Thanks for the memories. Thanks for the stupid calls. You know. That's it. They just don't get it. No matter how many times that's how you're people. The answer is absolutely positive. No. Got it. Christ. Yeah. But if I infinity came along, I think like another five years. Yeah. About five minutes. I'll come back and do five. In fact, what I'll do is I'll do five minutes on the phone. WQM. I'll have to go. And back to you. Hey. Yes. The guy who's sent it from my recent sense of the graduation card. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah. I was going to tell you that three weeks ago, I was up in Boyne Beach. It's been a week up there. Helped my sister recuperate from the serious operation. And I stopped at the thick shit up there. Right. And they had a double broker and a large stormy shake. And there's one to say, you know, I went in there. What was on it? Yeah. Oh, I had everything. But Pickles and I knew the most. Okay. And I want to say it was great. And you know, I went in there because, you know, you finally. I don't want to ask you. Did you go through the drive to the civil and sign? Oh, drive to. Now when you went through the drive to with a like a white people in there with like some Doug folks. Uh, Doug, oh, really? Yeah. Because I noticed that we've, they can't seem to make up their mind. They're by me over there in sunrise. I mean, one day it's very nice young white people in there. And the next day it's all sports. And then, and I've got like mixed in that. You know, trying to appease everybody. Yeah. Yeah. I want to ask you. Remember a wager you said it. And by the way, for the guy to call the other day, there's no sponsors working at my public. So he don't get the Oscar like that. I want to check that out. There were no sponsors working at my school. Crazy person. Oh, yeah. I want to ask you. Remember wager, you said that you heard that they're going to build a sticky Shake down in Kendall. All right. That's correct. Yeah. You know, we're down in Kendall. Maybe somebody will call. Oh, great. Oh, also, they're not. Of course, no one to congratulate you on your identification. Thank you. Oh, and also, I'd like to make a group. Yes. And on a closing. And are the sale of off of sale of QAM? Yes. With a WQM school block. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now what's all that you want? What is that under? Oh, my guy. WQA is proud to bring you the WQA at the School of Broadcasting. Yes. YouTube. Have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio. If you follow our curricula, the course is free. Of course, you'll work for free. Go on. 1,800 won a big. And speak to our director of education. Mr. Lenny Marquez. Now, you want me to work at her? Oh, I want to work at her. I want to work at her. Yes. Oh, you're a good person. Processor. You say news? You're a news. You're a news. You have a news. No, no. No, no, no. You're a news. You're a news. How take you on the floor? You need help. Here we have the door closed. Begin this course. We speak. We speak. You see that for me now. We speak. We speak. We speak. We speak. We speak. We speak. We speak. We speak. We speak. We speak. We have the. Of stuff. They live away. Well, we don't want you to. Wait. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come. Come on. Alright. Come on. What can we do to you. Don't let it head. Oh, no. We have to. Pink, twist. And don't let it head. Back. Yea. Back again. Hold on. Watchpaste. fotos. I told you that this. Going.ming. I called it. Sounds good. And no pain this woman, go get one of us. Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio. Oh, radio. Where you can hear your own voice. Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you. Who do you sexual tools you're made to make your wet radio dreams come true? I mean a one-form tool. Where you will lose your radio. All right. That's a tool to true at the 560 WQAM. This space stands for nothing. A special place for Sugglers. Showdown of shining light. Let us all be happy with this! Cut the atin stickeron, I'll tell you something. resignation this summer and Okay, there's all the work for Texas, but they'll be changing his act. I said, on a game Christian, I just see him be a whole bunch of change stations. Letters, so you, G-O-D now, welcome to Texas. Hey, okay! It's the first time Texas is going to work for Texas. It's the first time in the world. Leo said the fact he wants to hear... There he goes, Leo. So I switched on. It's the first time Texas is going to work for Texas. Let's go, get out of your bar. Just with just can't you, G-O-D. You're in the wrong way too long. Can't throw you ugly bastards. Too long you've lost them. The way a pig should have worked. If you make me sick, get out of your bar quick. You are so God, never it's you and me go, son of a bitch. So don't worry, look. Before we know you're like, are you behind the striker? Where were you in 63 to you till can the sea? Where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, And that now and the young nation are you in to mass devastation. See there will live the young bar go, Cuba will become another key logo. You say, you say. Return it from the rampant mode to the way. Loser. Yes, well get out of Cuba. We just can't you just, you're in the wrong way too long. Hey, you ugly pun. I, who long you last, the pay attention of work. My puppy. He's a bitch. You're not a Cuba quick. You are so God, them.