That's okay, take your side base to get out of the house. I'm 6VQA now. I profess Dan Major. I profess Dan Major. I profess Dan Major. I definitely profess Dan Major. I profess Dan Major. I profess Dan Major. I profess Dan Major. I profess Dan Major. I personally don't. Then you have it. Nine out of ten doctors profess Dan Major. It's a general anesthesia. This one. And then all these people know how it's done or she is. You know, we need a high. First half of rounds. You can not pass a glorious anesthetics. You can't tell the story of some anthropologists who came up with a forced rule. Now on the bars. The French are lo and apart. And today you've been out with just some of them. They were so close to the top. So we have a big sad who's up to say I plant my seeds. See, see, see, see, see. For my weed. Meet. In the shit bush, breathe. Breathe. There's no need to say I plant my seeds. See, see, see, see. For my weed. We eat. For my bow. There's me. Snow. That's all on a rack. See, see. That's all on a long long long long long long. Level up, woke up, and then. Just like you can tell. Yeah, yeah. That's all on the long long long long long long. Look at that hot, so glorious anesthetics. They didn't have a story or a half a mile for some cannabors. He just woke me up, full school on the bars. Come up and start the hot. And then day you're going out. Just can't stop on day. We didn't soak up with a cup. So we're having sad who's up to say I plant my seeds. See, see. For my weed. Me. We should work for it. Breathe. Breathe. You know where we are. See. See. See. For my weed. We. For my bow. Yeah. He's no that's fine. Good. Breathe. That's all on the long long long long long long. Level up, woke up, woke up. Just like you can tell. Yeah. That's all on the long long long long long. Eight in a minute. Get your pass around over here. All right. Pot time for a quick price drive to shut up. Might count your going. Ten. I'll probably five 40 Number from. Same you. Do you know where night coming. We got theSeemment, really successful. And we got re-opturalists on Wall Street, but nevertheless, you didn't want to hear about that. Do you want to hear about that? Oh, depressing. You don't want to be pressure, but the good news is we've turned the corner because right at the end of what we call our thing in the morning, whatever they call it on CNBC, the Gambon Channel, they had good Thomas of the New York Nick. There's big Afro-Badie, he'd be a little bit. Yeah, they're teaching the course of some New York schools, they're called Sland Dunkin' Stocks. That's kind of like Sland Dunkin' Doughnuts kind of Central room. And could certainly do say black时候 A structural Umcome is good Thomas of the mix. And they cut theirㅁ think shirt, or a what?對 man. There's no shame on CNBC because doing personal love, you know? That ordinary person they died there along, to America. And so now they're on you scrambling to try to write you out. We told you, well we didn't tell you, but we should have told you six months ago, you would go, this is all a big scam. Well, about your hucksters and hifters, well, about your horrors here on a gambling channel. It's a fraud. But I'm not going to go to a set about an M.I. No, no, it's only money. It's only money, baby. And especially now that could time us totally, we'll be turning the corner. Yeah, I believe him. Don't you believe him? That's when we go back to the letter to the editor for that old fart and a ten-right cent baseman at the skist and piece of crap. But at least you inspired that poor lot that took the whole weekend. I was going to say him, broadcast your hifel. And now that I look back on the caption there, that the hilt, so he had so 17 adjectives, which is where they were pulled came from. You know, look at these best describes, no, it means all 17 executives. And the hilt of caption broadcast your hifel. And I must be a little bit slow, I guess, my old age. Because I'm losing all that money in the market, I must be it. I've cast your harmful. Well, I had one, Chris said broadcast your doing, broadcast your fearless broadcast your relentless broadcast your booze. You know, they're like, I'm so sorry to be asking you because they didn't hear the hilt and he was going to say, oh no, broadcast your hifel. Like that, yeah. Because they're hell of man, they're going to get me. They're going to get us here at WQAM. How's the fangirl, anybody who had ended this week? No, no. Where the hell are you, people kiddin' over there, huh? So how'd that poor Kumaftan, so? Not too good, not actually, it's pretty good. 1162 votes. 1162, 232, which are those best described here, 232 said burl. I don't think there's oughta be on there, I think they really said all of them. Burl. 237, burl was. 118, really, less. 163, brazen. So there there's those with a positive value, because they came out at that time, nice girl. 71, so arrogant. 42 said obnoxious. Only 32 said burling, so it would have been a lot more than that, but I explained on Friday, if you say that I'm burling, it's an admission that you had no life. Because if I'm burling, what are you doing listening to show? So, see? obnoxious, 32, hateful, 32, selfish, 26. One moment, please. Got to crank that baby. Up in, skin 21, rude 20, thoughtless 12, I've seen 11, seven, this tape full, six, disgusting and five caniving, out of 1174 votes. And we're pretty good total. So there we go, there's so many for the weekend. Thank you so much, Sam, thanks, and you're disgusting, we were a fun, time rack. Hope you're back, and whatever there's a thing during the weekend. So I come in this morning with the first thing waiting for me. That's a very unabentful, cried, boring weekend. Here's the facts, one little only facts. What does it say? It says, new, will you go to Kai, alter on Sunday? Time, it says, love Nelson, goosebumps. Did you go? No, what's wrong with you? The idea of several thousand people dropping me is, not sure. Oh, yeah, that's right, yeah, he's been, he's been a real hit there, no, to Kai, which or they like his kind on there. They love the chubby cases you would have been there. You're right, that's why them go. Love Nelson, goosebumps. Hey, I had to break the news thing now, and I actually channel serving to have a TDX, I mean, yesterday, there was the obnoxious, the anxious, speaking of that Rick Sanchez, doing a usual annual broadcasting live being a professional hulu, doing a thing from a Kai Ocho. Now, you're going to sell a TD clicker, so fast, as I did to get past that piece of crap. Wow, who do I? Kai, who do I? I do, yeah, oh god, you're disgusting, like anybody who hits you like a person, you're nauseating. How's the guy that you killed in front of the stadium? Is he still dead? He's still dead. You suck a crap. Lean. No remorse, no nothing, no shame. They like seeing they see on channel 7, no shame. They should make a marriage between those two, partnership. The shame was twins. Kind of like I see a QA and we had no shame. We're going to take them to the crap group out here. What for is Marlon Games? Which we have won tonight, baby, a Marlon exhibition game type. Man, I'm squeezing myself. I'm so excited about that. Marlon's in the Euryals. How many people are going to be listening to that game, behind? Uh-huh. If we're lucky. And then they'll only suck in John Burr's ass with the most thing this morning for the 15 million time, like in last week. You could have the luck, Jaggedick's sucking sounds and voting the speaker right through the dashboard in my car. Oh yeah, it's kind of a great game. It really great. It's kind of a great game. I'd like people to come out and see that game. It's kind of a great game. You didn't have a good time. I'm Marlon's finally the good nurse over the weekend. Marlon's officials give a favor for Vice-Entity Appar. Ah! It finally got the message. Why are you airing, Schoelekters? Help the gangster, Abur, stringed out of the room. Bang and Jay, he rode day early. You know that life was good. Packing heat in the moans, working on their laps. Everyone was living large to someone but the caps. Oh, only late there bleeding. Took one in the stream. I'll be told the driver that you're going to be gone soon. Ha! You've been there in the lines, but front knee jumped the post. To pack and be the need would be there. If they were not ghosts. But the first person has left you for big asses on a way. Now your look in fineers to the inn meets every day. Big angstur, Abur, had life by the balls. Now he's looking at 20 years staring at the walls. Everybody's gone, the gangstur, Abur, had life by the balls. Now he's looking at 20 years staring at the walls. Everybody's gone, the two are happy Monday too. I just said the figure would be a wee morbid day. The market is taking a big, I'm not going to get any cards today because it's Monday. It's a big thing what they'd be here. So we'll just eat a lot of food. We'll just shove it down with both hands today. Yeah, I'm running home on. I need that. Yeah, Jay, I need that bad debis, to keep that percentage. You know, I'll speak to that. So I'm at the track at a good day to track a popular park for me. One of your books, we made a double hit at me in the fat man, fat rich. After we met Nate and then I went upstairs in the dining room, had a big fat there. And then tons of their brains out at night. I want to clock an afternoon till 11.30 a night. I went home all the time with somebody in my pants on. So it was actually a pretty good day except for the fact that who comes by, in fact, they were like every mishaper that I've received in my life, stopped around and was begging me on Saturday, including Super Dave. You know, guy named Super Dave, Dave, radio groupie, waste track groupie, Super Dave, who used to wear like 6,000 pounds. So he's lost a lot of weight. He lost 70 pounds. He said, look, spine for him. Looks pretty good. OK, you look good, Super Dave. I'm watching him race. I'm watching him get in the stiff and Northfield bounce. Can I get off the rail, Greg? You idiot. Can I get off the rail? I'm getting aggravated. He's done a f***a f***a f***a f***a. You're a regular. You lost a lot of weight, Super Dave. You're still on asshole. You still a pain in the ass. And I'm sitting there with a track. I'm having a good time. He says, give me a lecture about Carl Bahidra, it's at about at-games and about diabetes. He's diabetic. He's young guys, diabetic. Well, I try to tell you, Super Dave, you can't be a big fat cow get away with it. You can't feel my dementia forever, Beast. Have diabetes, huh? You will. Not a good thing. Not a good thing. And then you have to start getting more on-revism. You get like D-4. You'll be like one of those race track bums with a wig fat p***a Kangana. So Super Dave, all I can say is good luck. You keep up well, whatever you're doing. But it's still the hell of work. And then he comes back again with his girlfriend. And I feel sorry for her because no matter how much better he looks now, he's still. He's the same. He's the same. He's the same. So I'm painting he is chronic. Give me a lecture on diets. Like I need somebody to give me a lecture on diets. And about carbohydrates and about diabetes and about blood sugar and about snakes and broccoli and incident, get away from me. Super Dave, you mean me, yeah. Here's a good story. Squarespace College is disciplined. Pump the grotto. A Squarespace College is through a fingernail polishing his mother's scarves to work as been ordered to see a psychiatrist. Squarespace has decided to get a pencil for progechman and erratic behavior and to be must be examined by a school side college chosen by the district. Pence also has been kept in his desk and not been working with children. We love Pence's father discrimination from playing against his supervisors saying if women are allowed to paint their nails and were scarves, so should men. Pence peats his nails to look like the flag of his favorite countries. Kind of like ponytail over the pizza law, that paints his fingernails. Pence 58th and married father of two have been testing in a vagabes and students at elementary school in junior high school. He said he suffers from social anxiety that became more outgoing with a doctor prescribed the antidepressant plexel. Everybody expected the old pension. He said, look far, far. This is job does make lives. I've tried going off-packs though. I think life is gray. I avoid people I don't have energy. School officials repent to task for invading the personal space of others, making inappropriate comments and touching others, which could lead the sexual harassment allegations. A school official of the client that come on the case setting the investigation of Pence's discrimination complaint, Pence studies not consulted and turned but we'll drop the net if that's where he's involved. If the attorneys says I have no case, I'll lose the nails and step wearing scarves, he said. He said, look at that. He likes to paint a fingernail a little bit and dress up a little bit. What the hell is wrong with that? Probably one or the more normal people doing with your kids and most of the people they're care about that anyway. Why don't you care? People in this town they don't care about kids. Here's our poor but they, and our poor reason I'm taking this poll. Not just because nothing grew as my one to know when I go to Cairo to which you answer is, oh no. So those are the people. I was listening to Hank a little bit last week and I didn't even look last in usual because it was a girl's stuff in them. But they wrap it behind them and they'll when they're in cross springs and Hank has lived here a lot longer than I have. But you people in big county you have to get out of the house a little bit once in a while. You were talking about cross springs like it was this great revelation like, he just discovered you hear that? Like he discovered this new place called cross springs. And he found that they got like gangs up there and they got a lot of blue hairs and they get basically what they had there is a lot of plastic people hike. That's cross springs. A very, very plastic place. But you got to go out of the house a little bit but the people who live in big county thinks that the whole world is like this thing and I think the big thing is to it but any group of people would say, hey, we may be a big county when it is today. Guess what? I wouldn't be bragging about it if I were you. Yeah, we may know what it is today. A toilet, a septic tank with no lid. That's why you didn't smell it. When they county did the thank goodness person up to the barred law county line for a five to escape. It's a toilet man, it's a sewer. Any white people left in big county? Oh, six, six white people in big. None of them speaking rush. That's a problem. So what are you got? What's your claim with any big county? So anyway, the other day I went out to get my meal and whatever my neighbor who's very nice and we should I got a little bit of a conversation and we're talking along with all of a sudden she starts talking about people who are speaking rush. See, I realized I could do the show and if I talked about I could do the sanitizing of helium, I could do that every single day. Because that seems to be the one sugar and a lip balm. But all the other stuff, all the schiflits are all the other things. The slums, some of those things are a little bit disturbing. But people who can't or wrong speaking rush seems to be the number one sugar and a lip balm is done. That really pisses people off. Frost their fat, a rate, per day s. So they had no idea that I'm going to go to the Kyo-O-Turne, a little bit of a spik fest this weekend. And are there really people thinking about it? Are you crazy? No, some gross man. No say abling, glycech key. No thank you. No, I'll be going to a post where some of the people don't speak English very soon. It's quite a Amsterdam. Most of the people, and guarantee a more people speaking or is there than they you hear. That's not even a cop. That's very, very, very. There are a whole lot more people in Holland who can speak English than in Dave County, not even a contest, not even close. I don't need to go to a sunflower and country, but in like, you know, a few miles from my lips. So I'll put a question in today, which of these disturbs you the most about South Florida? Crapieschools, crime, the drivers, or people, or people who can't or lots speaking English. Pretty good solution if you ask me. I don't know. Five very, very, very categories. Crapieschools, I don't think too many people care about that, because that feels with your tips. Nobody cares about you care about your tips? No, I didn't think so. Crime, eh. Drivers, that's annoying. Or people, but they're a lot of me. Nasty, miserable, rotten, or people, or people who can't or won't speak English. That's the probably on yourroggings.com. Now is this thing doing a brain fight that I won't put up with the calls of fun? It could be, probably as I competed, or did you just not put it on there? That's okay, one more idea. I'm not choosing you today. Whatever, we're just here to eat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, pound, 5, 6, be on the AT&T, and four lines of wireless line. Key, larger, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Neil? Yes, I am. Yeah, Neil. This is Mike. I'm calling from Key, larger. Yes, Mike, that's what I said, Key, larger. I'm sorry. That's okay. And we have a bad kid. I'm in my office, and I'm having our time. I'm a five year season. They can hold our dependers. And we just talk to these people up at the Panther place and told them the shoves to get up their ass. Yeah. We're not going back. We had a horrible experience about the last Friday night home game that we had. We had an usher who we call the Ion Nazi for two months. I've made everybody miserable. Yeah. We moved to another section to get away from this woman. She had her supervisor follow us into another section. Really? It's grown out of there. Neil is a thousand people sitting in the upper deck. You know? So I was talking to this guy last Monday. Facts of four page letters to Bill Torrey. Of course, I got ignored. I called up the morning and spoke to the guy. And I said, you know, he said, well, these are the first complaints we've ever had about an usher. Oh, yeah. Right. I'll give me a break. I first got a bad amount of alcohol. Most of the ashes there. A few good ashes. The only advice there are the good ashes. The rest of the ashes are about to not be there. Neil, five years, we go to every game from New York. Yeah. And we're treated like crap in the guy. So we haven't had any complaints. I said, you know, I heard a really nice one from Neil on the rating. He said, well, we don't care what he says. He complains about everything. Oh, yeah. I said, you don't care what he says. That's true. He said, OK, well, we're not renewing our ticket. He says, well, I'm sorry. I couldn't satisfy you. I said, you didn't do anything. They don't give a crap. They don't give a crap. They don't give a crap. They don't give a crap. They don't give a crap. I have a guy that we're getting since that Atlanta game. We're here Friday. And I asked when I got a new one. I said, that's that I better picking my nose and watching my, the paint drive my fingernails and grow that thing. I'm not doing that. I'm not doing that. It looks like a shrine to the panthers. I'm ripping everything off the wall. Well, when they left me for the trading deadline, which is tomorrow, any more of the year. Anything in bell choices? Well, nobody is offered me anything. They're not going to talk so my boat time. I don't get it. Well, neither my sugarpitchers of them. They don't do any. Anyway, I'm going to go off my chest. We love you. Neil, I've spoken to you the game a few times, but I'm not going back anymore. I will not be treated like a criminal or a child to give them $5,000 a year to watch. A choice, sounds a choice. Thanks, thank you. Yeah, we don't care what Neil says. Well, you ought to care, OK, because I'm one of the few people who's given any guy, they're important. We need these last power of many years you've been here. Yeah, a lot of people going around with those naked pictures of their territory in Denise Pat van. I'm not going to show which one was on top. In fact, that's why I'm like nobody's still in the UK. They're with the big thing. The islanders, all the articles, McComb, and everybody talk about that. How come they fired a rich girl? I'm going to keep my neighbor. He's got those naked pictures of their territory to these Pat van. And we're going to be very grow test and embarrassing to the organization. If those got out there, you know, circulated in the public. We're going to organization. I hear one word God damn, silly hockey, Caduck say, the organization. Oh, God. Yeah, who the middle leg next time is to say that? Well, I'd say really trying to improve the organization. Go back to God damn, Cam loops, OK. Go back to medicine hat. Take Robbie with you. Who the hell are you, people kidding? Yeah, big tour line coming to my anybody cared all. No, not a missed call. Finally found a little gruelsteen that could be yesterday. That's right. I've held another hat trip, one of the empty net. And then I said, oh, yeah, we got to trade him and a long old man. Do it to guys, we got let's trade him. Not only we got a crappy team, we're crappy organization. We got the worst sports riders, Mr. Bihun, the race. The Schwarzscher, the who's out shocker in the little fat putbacker, that's their living with your framer. Yeah, Michael J. Russo, those two. I think they're doing it. Yeah, I'm not sure who's eating who's ass, but I think it was. At that, they could be featured on Channel 10 that I. Michael J. Russo eats right Lauderdale's ass on a Channel 10. Oh, I do. Yeah, Lauderdale's got the pictures. Make no mistake about it. And then, of course, every day in Michael Russo's column, oh, yeah, and you've noticed that they have a one again, that's in Trabby. Well, guess what? They finally want to gain that. So what are you going to say now? Since Lauderdale's head problem, since he got his lead at the time, he won't banger. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And then, we don't care what Neil says. He's just a sour push. Yeah. Uh-huh. I'm the only hope you guys had, okay. The only person who took them, or a season plus to get a guy then, grew right to know that the public could see because there's the only one who told about, you know, I mean, I said to the Red, the one who got the gold, the one who got the red light, the sign of the public could see it. I'd see you make a Trabby again. And then they started up now with a new deal, which I haven't heard yet, but some of my friends are pulling the bucket, and we're allowed the loud noise, and the group, or whoever these guys are, better than the mumps I understand. Yeah, they got a new little bunch of, we need the action to make it noise and racket. So if we just make a lot of noise and nothing racket, people forget to work coming here that they're having a good time. And if you make too much of a racket, they won't be able to hear themselves on their cell phones, you idiot. What's wrong with you? Yeah, make a nice and quiet in there. So these are plastic assholes, and they're in the macaroon, they're, can you reach out to their cell phone? That's what they're getting there for, to impress you. Oh, look, I got a cell phone. Great. That's really revolutionary. Probably new bangies in Africa all have cell phones, too. Now big stink and deal. Yeah, that's right. You've been nigriereo, they got them. What's something to show up? What was it, one could Thomas, how do you get cell phone? Yeah, stick your finger in it, and turn right a put it. Now, somebody's a pooping, be I. Hey, you do do it. That was, like I said, no shame on CMBC. They found a, they scraped bottom. If you think the, the market's a scraped bottom, they're right there with them. He wear as a cloning bow. Though they come and down on the fair, they're all punk same party say. Progressive, however you wish, I'll across the USA. But you go out and just right here, the sky and valley who, there's a bunch of squares again with you who says, that I wish to, oh, God, there's a lot of serious punk. But let's just cross your day. If you are, you want to imagine a punk same party say, you can be a punk of a sudden shot, and that's okay. But it can't be a issue to do. No, no, hey, Barriam. Both Eminem's as great. I've been living this pronouncement upon the blessed day. Sure, with who bit half heaven fall, I'm nothing to see. Well, you're going straight to her behalf of the actuality. Oh, come, no, please, the gliders live in. You've never been sure of that. You can be seen in Drunk and Ireland chunks will laugh it all away. But you can't feel your issue to do. No, you can't feel your issue to do. Don't even try to be in a issue to do. 10-4-8-5-6-8, every time one of the most shocking notes here, emails and the history of the human race. Okay? It was sent to default, but he presses it around the me. I guess I'm one of the spur of my day. Thanks a lot, D-4. You did generate. It says, hey, D-4, spell, H-2-Y. Hey, D-4. If jazz McKay writing here, how the hell are you? I'm out here at California doing the morning sure with K-K-A-L, or a hot-tock-slice sports station. I have good W-L-O-D, I went for two W-M-Cleablin, with G-A-Brews, my work done pay for one of my best friends. I wasn't your right jazz. And I ended up in Detroit at W-M-W-W-B-O doing mornings with Pedgyute Nugien for a couple of years. Then, two years ago, I had a chance to come to the central coast of California, my son has left here for the past 10 years, with his mom and daughter took the gig. Does this say a warm California now for obvious reasons? I was cruising the lab and found the QA website, and they were, he was cruising the web, jazz McKay. He's exactly the kind of person I would expect to be cruising the web. In a rush, I'm as mime in those fun times at W-L-D's as to default. Give me a shout, let me know how things are out there. Tell me, as I said, hello. I just signed jazz McKay. Who's on the outside at least, not on the inside with all his buddy, jailbird, you only met like I said last week in the history of this business, 99% of his cars were from my inside. Yeah, look from the DC, jail, bar, cab, and money inside. Brides of the feather flock together. Nice car on jazz. Mobile and sunrise, hello. Hey, now how you doing? Okay, sir. I just wanted to tell you what really burns my ass. And what burns you, I, sir? First of all, people who refuse to learn English in our country. I was born a raisin' south for it. What I can't believe is I'm paying these payers and these commission, and these commission, the changes of science, to speak Spanish for their convenience. Yeah. That really burns my ass. Oh, let's you know that nail. Yeah. See what your comments are. Okay. All right, sir. Okay, sir. I'll get that. 99, you too. I'll tell you what my comments are. But, but, but, but, but, yeah. Well, come on. Let's hear about. Let's talk about bilingualism all day and about people who don't speak English. That's interesting to be in fact. I'm looking at a survey in so far for leading number one. What a surprise, huh? No. No. Which are these the subs of the most about soccer or the 21 votes? We just got their thing up there. Eric just got it up in a poll too. People who can't have wants to be English 10. Crackley School of Six. The drivers three, or people who are which is where I voted two, and crime, none. Nobody cares about crime. No. Nobody cares about that. Because they're all committed. Yeah, that's because Northeastern Colombians anyway. You're probably downright and from there to right now anyway. Right. I don't pay it. I pray you're going to piss off all the young guys out there. They like that. Well, down there. Go ahead. It's very useful. And you know, like I said, be my guess. It's there. Take it before they shut the guy there. Think about them. You're stealing. Copyright. It's a thick material. See, it's one thing if you're stealing. It'll be honest about it. You know, you're not going to go to jail. I'm going to do anything to you. But, at least the honest, you're stealing. Don't try to rationalize it and intellectualize it and pretend it's something else. It's feeling it's stealing. You have a good time. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, let's talk about the Panthers today. Like a first guy. Oh, yeah, that'll get us to about 1036. Can't complain about the hockey analogy and fans in a stomach. I'll run day go to a training deadline. Are they talking hockey on this station? No, no, because there's no interest here. I mean, you come right down with who the hockey player? Mom'd even I'm losing my interest. I mean, it's just, uh, watered down crap. I'm watching this, they try to find something desperately. And what's on the early game? The Atlanta trashers and who the hell would they plan? And what kind of a game was that? The trashers and some other, uh, gross team. Tragedic. Calgary, that's what it was. Anybody care about either one of those two teams? No, no. More than four waterdale, hello. Good morning, oh, yeah. Okay, sure. Why don't you go on a hockey team for a minute and ask for your equipment since that there's so few of a time you go to do like the NHL and not in general. I have a little Western confidence with Detroit and Colorado. I'm going to have a little bit of a round. Wait a minute, hang on a second. The levels on everything you do there is like just unbelievable. But what's, and it's, uh, because the weekend, everybody was in here looking at all of our stuff and we can try to get into it. Okay. I'm saying, I don't know if they're going to be trying to come up a wall falling that because they're out in the Western sovereign. What do you see coming out of the Eastern sovereign through? What do you want to say? I'm going to talk about who do I see? I don't have any crystal ball. What do you want to do? Who do I see? I don't have any idea. How would I know? If I knew that I'd take out my money, I would stack bucket and then I'd get out of the foam with a book somewhere. Sir, can you just go on? Okay, that's it. He's gone because I wouldn't play those games. Don't start trying to take those showdown or wrote of those terminal, boring ass sports shows. What's your take on that tray that Nikolai hobbyable? What's your take on the, you know, the fact that they got those 200 players? Yeah, take this, okay? A good one. Man. Well, we're not doing that. Okay, we're not doing that. First of all, not a hockey show. There's no interest. I mean, if we wanted to talk about something or the like the first guy was talking about, the situation here is a concern to the franchise and what's happening with a fan. Yeah, that's what we're talking about. But this, this didn't want to show up for that. Well, what do you think is going to be? Think the anchor's going to go on a penalty again? Well, what kind of crap is that? What kind of conversation is that? What kind of thinking radio is that? This side's bad. Bad. Four peers, hello. Four peers. Oh, yes, sir. Hello. Are you going to throw a piercing? Hello. Okay. Do you feel beat, Chow? Do you feel beat? Oh, please, I'm going to throw a bit. Do you hear this? You see what's going on with the phone? Somebody's picking with the phone again today. Okay, I can see it's going to be all music Monday. You picked a good day. We can just sit in each other down with both hands. Oh, sir, it's like, here's a call from somewhere, but I have no idea where. Hello. I'm really, really. Can you hear me, sir? I, yes, I can hear you. Okay. I'm calling you actually from four order. We seem to be having a little bit of a problem with the phones with the locals and everything that you've got to hear today. We're having a real problem here today. I think you're sitting in an hour. All right. I'll go back to the doorway. We got the assistant program. Well, what do you mean I'm sitting in an hour? No, I'm sitting in an hour. I'm talking with you. You're, um, you're an amount of regular phone. You're doing it in a sense like an radio. I mean, you know, always call a sound like it's like the wall on some kind of mobile over there. Yeah. I'm going to go and get my shirt for you. I just had a, um, uh, something to feel to get more and more to that. Have you seen who starts doing for you? I'm telling you. Yeah, I'm just on the home. Yeah, I mean, you do such great stuff. Yeah. How come they couldn't take the thing from channel time when I'm talking about eating ask? Why would they put that on? I don't know. I think I was QM sponsored a lot of the one personal, was nervous station. They could have just taken a money and had a bonfire and had a good time with it. Yeah. And, um, in the same thing with Hank, I mean, I just think that you got two of people. But you can't complain about the promotional know how in this place because there isn't any. Now, it's just not a double camera. It's clear to the clue us. Uh, well, you can go send the message to Gregory. I, uh, I, uh, I don't play it. I didn't answer. Yeah, that's the message. Not to answer. I was an answer. Let's have a blast. Cool. Okay. That's a level though. Um, it's not on there. It's on the whole phone. System is screwed up. Is what you're telling me? And maybe that's why the guy from 4piscally hearing me. They're the guy to the phone. Yeah. You sound like you're calling me, you know, and show up. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh, well, okay. Maybe Johnny Dirk left this over with I talk about the CD radio. I led Boeing to that he was doing you on whatever data was. Or Moses, if you're on your way over here, please go back with you. Yeah, well, this is not the day Moses. He's really coming over here. That's what he said. No, we can't handle him in here. We got enough problems with it. It is Moses the next Monday. It'll be good. Or maybe after the show for about half hour and a team. So, you know, but no, Moses, please. Don't come in here. I was only joking with him. And all of a sudden he's coming over to argue. People are on a audition for a sidekick. I work alone. That's the message. Okay. I work alone. Please. He called three times for your mind. You'll use coming. Well, that's wonderful. Or there's the hurry. We're going to get through straight now now. But this is just going to guide them. Acts. And just, you know, just tear up the hook I've been for. And let's start over again. Mickey Mouse piece of crap. 1984 or another five 60 WCM, your homework technical incompetence. Where we just can't, can we get it right? Oh, and we do it here? No, now we can't do it. I'll pay some stands for nothing. Charles Oakley of the NBA's 12 records has made a shocking revelation. Former New York Nick claims that 60% of the NBA's on Dove. Racking weed. Ha, dobees. Yes. We asked some high profile NBA players if it was true. And let a Hawk Center to come baby tumble. I'd like to add for you and that Chris John. But my tongue was to go my group tummy. And it burned us with no Los Angeles Laker guards. Colby Bryant. Dude. Dude. Dude. Philadelphia 76 are guard. Alan Iverson. That's whack. We can whack. We can reap any whack. You're meaning to know my road trip. And the league's elder statesman, John Stockton, from the Utah Jazz. That is 100% false. Sometimes there's a little boogie down between as a young players. They really hop hip music. But no, Alex. We're going out. NBA. Nothing. But, edict. And what was good, Thomas? Yeah. 1045 and 560. He'd be making a big bucks in the UK market. That's where he's making it. Okay. We're the best weekend. Then we got a bunch of buttons that were posted as usual. Because it's Monday. And over the weekend they have to make this studio because they got another place to win the 75,000 ball games that the sports place has to run through here. Red meat and the sports bar. No, yeah. We got the hockey game. We got the hook, home game. We got the guy damn. My mom's games now. We got the game's damn been invented yet. Then we're running through here. Just like the we got the guy damn heat games on here. That's what we really be doing. We run like six games at the same time. So this studio is there. We're just here like, you know, school and a lot of people. I was just going to run for four hours. I mean, this is a more important stuff going through here. Stuff that lives in a lot of good money on. Here's the need of spring. Let's see if the phone's working. Hello. Yes, sir. You have me, okay? Okay. There you go. I'll tell you what I like about Dr. Forder. Here's all the job. What if it's Southwest Florida? I thought the way to Latin, Southwest Florida. Oh. But I've other job of winning this. But did you hear about the plan called the raise? Some Christian group? Yeah. I've heard about the thing about a record for having three charges of a molestation. Just doing one of the backup dances of 13-year-old back in France. He's like 25-year-old. It's hopefully like the big Christian concert. Yeah. I'll just, you know, kind of crazy. I'll let stuff happen. Well, a lot of those good Christians. They like that hands-on experience, man. All right, man. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Watch out for that runaway snake. Okay. We got eight million open lines. This is a really rough start here today. I'm going to tell you. Really a rough loader started a guy named week. Not to make me want to take many, many more weeks to take care of. Believe me, starting tomorrow. It's all my fault. No, it's not yours. I'm not going to do it. This goes on every Monday whether you're here or not, which you usually not. And that's going to be the technical incompetent to WQM and the fact that, you know, they rely a lot. Oh, this studio, that's going to have a lock on the door. Yes, it's going to lock on the road. The only problem is everybody in the building is out of key to it. You know, got a lock on the door. Lock this. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18th. You know, it's like that first collar with this very wild comment about the Osures and the getting treated rude and the control of patterns. This is going to be the best. You know, the tremendously sponsor we got about that as in. Yeah, none. It's usual. Here's property. Hello. Yeah, first. I just did one. I'm back too. I'm happy. I've heard three two. I've been late for that. Now, okay, let's move on. Well, I'm not done. I'm not done. I hit another season. Take it over. This can tell Mr. High thing is you can take those tickets and stick it. Don't lie. Oh, wow. Excellent. I'm tired of these people at this. Get rid of that. You're both on and all those people that are interested in what's going on. I'm not instead of what's going on. And all of a sudden, he wants to see themselves in. Oh, he's me. It's me. It's me. And the same with the Osures. You've got a different answer every time. Yeah, a different person that sits there. And then there are nothing but they don't care about anything after it. It's insane there. I was people with learn a little bit more about the game of hockey than what's going on. With the ice car, I cut. But all of you understand that. They want their free two shirts. They want their free crap. They want to talk on a cell phone. They want to grow up in socializing a high, like right in the middle of the game. And you know something to be honest with you. Since other than last season, they're a good home year last year. But two of the three years and I'd be living. You're probably having a better time on the cell phone than watching whatever's going on up there. Well, you're right. I think exactly why I did kick kick this issue. What's the kind of logic here? And that next year, forget about it. It's just you need to put something on the ice to bring people out of your game. You're right. That's your fire fan that you do like and you talk to. What do you think is going to happen with big game before you come? You don't need to come. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Keep sending somebody's house. Send him back to a rabbit early from. Send him back to the Mrs. Saga. Okay. One last thing before I go on the trucker. I've cut the weeks ago. He caught it with at the bar before them sent her a heart. Did you hear anything back on that? No, that's so. No. All of it's a really good show. Even though Peter's the coral wasn't there. Peter's the coral? Yeah. Peter's the killer. Peter's the killer. Peter's the killer. You know, I got a mixed up. I'm sorry. My fault. But they got a good singer in there to replace it. He couldn't get out of high notes. But he did do pretty good. And I wanted to know what was your favorite Chicago album. Okay. Have a great day, sir. Take a couple of doggy donors. Come down. You'll be okay. Man, just a wild child. Five, three. Are these bones working here today or what? Look at that. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. Yes. The whole bonus group. That's it now. You'll wonder what those going on. They're not ringing. This fan is a piece of crap. Speak to me, sir. Can you hear me? I sure can. I'm just ringing. And they're not lighting up. The whole phone system is broken. It's a broken. This is a piece of crap. This place. Sorry, Beastie. You had the luck in coming in. I could have been any day. Go ahead, sir. I'm going to join. I got you. Mother. I'm going to be a nice. I've been 20. And I'm not going to renew them. There's three. There you go. You know what? Next. I told them on the phone. I ordered them. They actually answered me back. I told them I was like, guess what? So the way I got treated this year next year, I'll be able to buy it. Pick it anyway. You just shoot it down and that way. I'll be a lit, anybody. That's right. How can you with charge? I pay $11,000 a year. How can you charge people for the crap they're putting on the ice? And after 10 games into the season, they should be able to get a lot of money. They should have gotten rid of them, Maurice. Why did they wait so long? I think they've got a better deal of a good job. With what he's got to worry about. You've got to worry about what he's got to worry about. Like I said in the beginning, like a talent. I mean, you got, you know, Pavel and the Longal and the Longal and Pavel and that's it. Well, she got there right now. Oh, it's disgusting. And you know what? They don't give it to them. And I don't know if we've gone on, but I get mighty, I think. They used to be a little baby to prepare for games. And now you never seen nothing. You know, if they don't give it to him, you know, you're right. He is the aircraft. He is the aircraft. I believe that's the last thing. I call it. This is the Wayne High's English Mucking Way man. He did the same thing with a Marlon sing with his wife. He doesn't give a crap. You know, things didn't go his way. They're building the arena. They're still going to work out. Now he wants them unloaded. So screw you people. Oh, I don't really. I really don't really show up like it's your dirty and your obligation to be there. Like it's your civic dirty. It's been all I got there money and support a watered-down piece of turd. It's incredible. It's incredible. I have a good day now. Okay, better late than ever. See where he's in up now. Now what is today? Moses shut up. Oh, no. No, please. Please tell him. Have a nice life. Come back next one day or not as a case maybe. Not today. We're having many problems today, Moses. We'll feed you something really good next week, Moses. Color do a cinema. Come tell me to give him a big kiss. I'll say it's Carlos out there today. That's no more than him. Give him a big kiss. No, not today. 560560, pound 560 on the 1810 horizon wireless line. And maybe the phones are worked. Maybe they won't see here. We are now at three and a half years afterward. And I still can't give the guy. They're going to quit the work on this show. Nice going. Greg, you idiot. You know on. You will know where it's going back. You pretend or you want to be. Yeah, that's all he is. Are you want to be? You wouldn't know how to make a real radio station if they stuck a guy named Go up your record. Yes. Man. Here's Naples. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Listen, that. Did I read down the paper in the Harold Wright Saturday? Were the Miami Mayor got a 60% pay increase? Yeah. Good work he's doing. What's that all about? That's an old story man. That's not the mining Mayor today. County Mayor. Okay. Well, the guys that voted for that was, is that's a lot of votes they have before they get a dieted? No, he's got the naked pictures. Well, I didn't mean to. Maybe you need a 60% pay increase. Okay. Have a great day sir. Call me back when you have something to say. Oh, there's clearance. Got his head stuck in there. Bap. Bap. Nice. Nice attempt there. Clarence. Make it look like you know you're involved. He's a hands-on guy. That's what that brought to that he was baiting her arm or he had his nose and arm put or something like that. Yeah. See, see, look how purple he got in the face when I told that story again. He says the only thing you have on him. So far. I think I thought, well, I thought I started talking to Bluffs stories. 560, 560, 560, I think he took. Yeah. That's, that's, he's, everyone's the wireless line. Yeah, he just, he just left in a hurry. What do you think of that? Yeah, we got naked pictures of, and both. Anyway, this is really something here to there. This is when you thought we were going to come in and just kind of like fake our way through this today and know right Jose, baby. You got to overcome eight million obstacle. Like an obstacle course when we work for the beeswaves. You know, but come back to this whole path of business, which I know nobody else out there cares, but I'm going to say it anyway. It's the whole league. It's all sports. You take, you know, like a delicious line, a fine one. And you start watering it down and watering it down. And basically it's like a little pink color in there. And it's like water with a little, uh, 1% wine in it. At least they're holding the draft here this year. Yeah, oh, yeah, there you go. Ah, yeah. That's going to keep the interest in it. No, no. These people wouldn't, they couldn't catch a cold if they were out and draft for like five days. Draft this. They're holding the draft here. They, they wouldn't know that. They haven't, they're coolists. They haven't got any idea who any of these people are. And they could care less. Even the people inside the arena don't know. That's my favorite part. And they're writing the same book, I have to say propaganda every day with the organization. They keep planning the same stories in the same book. And those two bows, those they keep writing whatever they tell them. It's the same, you know, Those are my skin. He had grown there for a while. Wayne, you know, you had a lot of people for a long time. So what they should have been, they can say they don't care what I say. But the fact is this, when I stop going, then you know, it must be getting pretty pondress. Because there is no, I'm more devoted hockey fan in this town than me. And I just stop going, who was like two minutes away and gets a great free seats for every guy damn game. Then you know, it must be getting pretty goddamn good. And not worth the effort to bother going there. So you can give a song to the answer all you want about. We don't give a crap about what Neil says. But how about all the other people who are paying their hard and money? To support the organization, huh? How about those people? And that's the saddest part. They don't give a crap. Now they can put on their dog and pony show when a fan appreciation day and throw a few stupid t-shirts and other little chalkies out there in the stand. I don't think that you're going to get your six grand back for those for a t-shirt and one of those little, well, what do you give a little for those things? You don't have the blimp that goes over and drops the little lot of people who are rather than a what is that? Like a day with buying real or something like that, I mean, what is it? We figure it away. You know, the naked pictures of Bill Tory and Denise Puffin and maybe we go for it. This is five, sixty, two a.m. Only in the banana republic, baby, only in Miami. Okay. If looked in Chile, let's go. Alright. of the arrest in fact he's you know embarking on his most enthusiastic enterprise that they ordering one nice car there based does that very well a lot of practice obviously we can see a muted and one still five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty so I thought that's a much interesting thing for the basement here this morning which I guess I better not say on here because then everybody will worry about about what about that Sunday morning sports page yeah which I've never heard about thing I can't get over that man it's by the time on the air so I can put those two pumps on here make a few extra bucks I can't believe that so I can put still got some air embarrassing here's candle hello candle I'll please come and look back to this again candles gone could just be then here's for a lot of deal hello hey yeah what's going on yes sir hey hey what's this music guy always supposed to do this girlfriend up there he would there was supposed to continue in the doing are you sure yes yeah no they're just the groupies that's all they're like nice people they want to come and hang out doing it all your show though are you putting in the middle of your show hang out in the middle of the show yeah hang it out okay so you know to shoot the house going off is marking we'll leave our houses here yeah the next under nine I got a waiting front of me it's that ninety three point eighty five it's nineteen fifty eight it's you know it's one of my military what am I gonna do about it I don't know broke at this point yeah I mean you is there's any spot what is my church things are gonna come back on what what is my church saying that's what my church is saying the same crackies always saying he's an asshole he's out the new robbers yeah that's what he's saying he's saying nothing he told you about it on a pony show okay your phones crap it out to I think maybe all the phones are getting a screw up maybe I said work packer or thanks to the guy who brought me the tape I finally watched it this weekend about the work packer which is supposed to be in light the sun right that was in Cuba the Russians supposedly built this organic uh and ten of this gigantic transmitter and they put out these annoying sounds the lab is all nuts I think they're in a good job of it yes me the woodpecker yeah the mark is crashing what would you like me to do about a two could I have any words a wisdom or not gonna panic oh well what's the point there's nothing I can do my stock vocal which he just mentioned the church which uh he's in the house yeah he's like you know during a hit light you know like you're just hanging it they all tell you the same thing because they're all the same they're all the same they make money by your buying and selling and selling and buying and you know something even when you lose they still make money that's the worst part of her deal every time you make a transaction they take a piece and if you wind up making money on the translation fine if you lose money they still take their piece it's a scan it's a fraud my scorer Mitch and he has the answer he's got no strategy he's got no a plane he's got you got no nothing I'm up to my guy damn eyebrows in tectwack I'll have my ears and all these experts they've all the connects puts it away the few months on CNBC all all G you see these valuations were ridiculous they're all based on pilot sky and Cisco and son these are the same companies they were telling us to inform once ago the best companies in the world and there are must all you must have palm you must have Cisco and all of a sudden I still all the crapper so now it's like well we told you so no you didn't know you didn't and even marketing usually bullish marketing the sitting there this morning with his pencil and he's figuring out well maybe as Cisco might be worth $13 a nice car and airmark there isn't a single one of these people that has any idea what they're talking about the worst part of those that we've all gotten most of us maybe some of you got smart or you got lucky and you got out when you could you got into right time you got out but all the rest of us we got sucked into it now we're like stuck there we're in limbo see need to take a gigantic humongous loss which I'm not prepared to do it so back in your opinion possibly hoping some miracle life happened see I think since it's already been a bit late in control anyway I think that this is going to continue until finally the bush monster gets his tax cut this is all orchestrated we have to have like a major crash we have to have people panicking oh yeah things are really bad and this is going to force them to pass the tax cut so our billionaires can you know you know get what they want and then we'll get our money back maybe a little piece they'll get billion's is usually in the individual piece here's a little in full waterdale as well all right now yes sir how you doing today okay I'll just call you know get my insight on some of the sports you made a good point there a little a while ago is there all four sons think so water down man it's all literally watered down oh yeah and the funny thing about it is this player and you say something I don't like and I understood what you say and father you're saying it's got you know Thomas on the new y'all click on us he'll be a little bit baby oh yeah and then he's got my house but he's got a scar rocket sizes and they're all the same and they kill him and kind of you got people that make it 10 dollars an hour a job if you want to come in there think a hundred fifty dollars click it and how long you think they don't keep going that right and I'm on that man now if you're a fan I'll say the Chicago Bears you live down here for my day you kind of you know stuck in the middle of that you all make a fan thanks money to go on to make an exchange of the pretty or the marries which sucks and the way to go yeah and then you you're looking at the whole situation and Joe what is going on is so out everybody got to stop going in order for it to come back to reality but I thought I got to say uh Neil and uh please it's books to me not make play up but it can learn how to read okay yeah we're gonna be teaching okay thank no there's a spark that's got a summer he knows what it's all about he's right he's absolutely correct they kill the ghost of late the rule man that's what did this four five years ago I was the one of tenor on at nearly so negative there we go he's such a stop was I told you you could really squeeze so much blood out of the turn up and that's what they've done and then they want to do this guy damn state even then you know my black estimate is gonna cost forty fifty sixty bucks to go see a baseball game anybody gonna pay that low plus another twenty or thirty to park and maybe get mug I don't think so I don't think so plus of course they're gonna have the strike with a knockout next year anyway so that'd be a good time if you're on the ballpark right now greed that's what it's all about green you know and Atlanta like I mentioned the track she was yesterday I'm watching that piece of crap I have no idea why for about five minutes covering Atlanta anybody want to see that game although and the first year they brought it back last year's no we gotta sell out every game it's gonna grow a bigger this year there are thousands and thousands and thousands of empty seats they were in Atlanta disguised as fans there's a deal the way around whatever I wrote is try they failed there before let's bring them back again and all your event and curious about is the ninety million dollar franchise they that's always care about because they're so glad they're desperate I'm gonna pick it it's the TV in the York winner kick in my franchise they got ninety minutes will take it so you people in the local organization you can think you're gonna continue counting those same seven or eight thousand suckers that sure up night in the night out to watch that spealing you put out there and watch those guys and t-shirts go flat up in the craft you're dreaming you've destroyed it you've killed it you've blurtured it you ruined the organization because it was all about one barred head of geek with a bad complexion who doesn't give a crap about anybody was on bank account and I say schmuck him that's what I say scloom the anti-Christ of software came here disguised as the angel and turned by the way the angel's gone how's Dave Van Hondewan if he heard a bad huh and I didn't say that the be setting was bad but he did raise you up I'm giving you a look like well I'm gonna pick her guts on once I was making a audio I mean like that Dave Enghorn but the good news is like I said if you know Q&A doesn't want to spend the big bucks next year for those broadcast rights again he could wind up doing the show on the adunagins on the internet again I said well when was there he's pretty good that's you're trying to something play also play off this oh hard I don't know what I'm talking uh day today Go outside, no more Master, this girl, she's our own best Who are they, this world? There's no better today All right, thank you, Billy Cho For that line at the end What little kid's about to do Play with master, but yeah That's what I can't go To the course of the game So I see it that full day 14 after 11, it's been a plane with the So the people in Dave County once again Cue a Grammy hits sour note on Cuba They lied to you, what a surprise All that business about all Well, we don't care about any of that stuff anymore We want the light and Grammy's here at the wrongs here And we're not going to be a repressive and all that other bullcrem Now we're finding out That Mayor Carroyo and some of the other Julios and Dave County They claimed that they got assurances from the Latin Grammy people That there would be no Cuban participating In other words, no performance from Cuba, no commonistas And of course the Michael Green, who's the president and CEO of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Scientists Said he never made any such statement at all He said they're full of it He said that it doesn't look like they're going to be any of this coming You, that there's nobody up for nomination But they never made any such promises So here's Mayor Carroyo and all these other Julios on the year On radio or what is it? 670 La Potora, sir Assuring all of the old Tuklas crowd here in this town Oh no, we're going to have it here But they assured us that we no commonistas What's they never said So it's the same old tired crap They just tried to package it with a nice bull on And presented in a different way, same old garbage Just like the result of their full No changes 159 votes Which of these disturbs you the most about soft Florida People who can't or what's big English god damn it 55, 34 and a half percent said that pissed off and fired up No say I'm laying place I keep god damn it Or people 39 that's what I voted Nasty miserable rotten old people Hate for disgusting smelly old people with to jam Oh you ought to see Saturday night I don't know what the hell they all came from We had a crowd of blue hairs at Pompano Park Man Like all a win more got like turn loose on the same night And you're trying to make a bet you go to the I'm gonna give me two dollars to show on the nine And four dollars to win and that's crazy Gotta do some of the social security check If I go on the gostrum it's the same thing Keep keep they have like a special windows of the track For people on the beach of a hundred You know who actually know what they want to bet and here you know whatever hello is Oh my god And then they just stand there and they start shuffling the money you know and putting it back in their goddamn Let's try to get the cotton out of the way and put it back in their wallet Hmm But hey, thanks for coming to beautiful Pompano Park They'll be dead by next weekend Here's Wilton Manor so Wilton Manor so hello Hello, yes sir Neil by the way Let me give a special zets to Joe Pavia Junior you sucked Joe yes sir Neil stiff yes Am I the right callers for the tickets for what tickets? My friend Tomay wasn't sure if they were for no, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we got we had a ticket for it. That's your asset. You five six seven Oh five fifty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line here's girls bring hello You yes sir. Yeah, I like to shut some light on this cost and gathering you're doing to our save your Wayne. Yeah He's the only one to add the comms to bring baseball here. Yeah, great him every day And what's the point of bringing in here if you're gonna like screw the fans over what he did is a big favors. That what you telling me? He did also a big favor by bringing baseball here Uh-huh and hockey Uh-huh He's the only one you can kiss the ground. He walks off the assholes sir And you're here your bigger assholes for trying to cover up what he's done to the public We love Wayne No, there you go. You want to take a pool on that whether we love Wayne or not? I'll just take my pool. Yeah, yeah, take your pool and stick it up your ass. Just stick it up Wayne's ass. Maybe you have a good time with it Maybe you'd like to have Wayne stick his pool up your ass I thought it sounds like to me right there on channel 10 get quite a lot of day. I'll even better look on his personal and she's that probably enjoy it Five six to the 056 and pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line And just like he said that parade magazine article. Oh, he's not ended for the fans he's ended for the money And what things started going south and he could make any more money and they're whatever the deal was okay. Here we go. I'm bailing out I'm bailing out let me find some little cruising some two foot tall cruising like a John Henry come along and make a stupid ass deal with him which he did So whether it's John Henry or whether it's Joe Q Public or whoever it is here is a man who always comes out on the top of his deals Always winds up screw on your right and they all record it don't even feel good 560 pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line North Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I was watching a program on the school shooting the other night And I was very disgusted. They had Jeffrey Figer on and the moderator was quoting Bush's said oh, this was a disgraceful Collardly act. Yeah, Figer comes back and says the only thing disgraceful about it is the way we treat our children in the Justice system and like treating like adults and oh, y'all doing it on and I wanted to say to him Well, if you're so concerned about how our children are treated what about this 15 year old how did he treat two of them he put two in the grave and he injured several others Yeah, and he injured several hours emotionally for life. I don't understand these people Well, he's got to make the rounds on to understand his and everyone the talking head shows now and he's the he's the spokesman I Understand what's up Make I and you're trying to make sense of what you're watching on television. We're going to good books or you'll learn something okay. Turn the TV off 560 505 60 pound five 60 on it go watch the attractions and the flames. Okay. Have a good time Here's call spring. Hello Class springs West Palm Beach, hello Here's a mobile and Jupiter hello Mobile and Jupiter Hey, yes, sir. Hey listen, lay off a stock focus I know Listen, and you're ready to down your stitches now making money like throw is one. Don't you still get paid? What does that mean? We just paid rather or not that your money goes up or down same thing happens to you Sir people don't listen to the radio. They don't invest their money in the radio. It doesn't cost the main thing The listener the radio show you guys come along and you're pitching us a song in a dance about your supposed to be making us money Wow, I mean nothing's assured You're fighting saying anything is guaranteed So when you go to a stock broker and you tell them that you have a low tolerance for risk And that you're going to be retiring in a couple years that guy shouldn't have the up to your earlobes in tech And shouldn't be fitting you a boss song in a dance about stuff about sitrics in about all these other bogus stocks There worth the paper that they're written on Okay, sir, you're what you want to ban broker if that's the case Sir, I don't know any good brokers. I hear the same stories from everybody. I know it's the same thing And what I said is true, you're trying to make a trying to turn the tables. It's the oldest game and it will turn the tables on me I get paid, but what is what I do have to do with somebody investing their money for the stock broker You guys are your fraud. You are a bunch of fakers Not at all. Absolutely You're wrong. They're up. They're playing good brokers up there. You just happen to have that you haven't found one yet And what are you advising your clients now? So the ones that are up to their ears and tech that are hundreds of thousands of dollars are made of their life savings in the negative What are you talking about? Just sit back and hang on tight Well, they have to at this point and they're not going to stop there. You're going that's great Well, you have to just cancel out once the house Uh-huh So I'm going to put you in the start with what if you got to just retire Uh-huh So you're doing the ban broker and it's successful Well, we agree on that Do you agree on them? I agree on them Not saying housing Sir, wait a minute. Wait a minute And go ahead and get rid of them and then what? And then I find somebody else what are they going to do with it You tell me there's nothing I can do anyway The other thing you could do comes back up or it comes back up You could be reallicated and shit being ill Well, what do you mean when it comes back up? It will come back up. It's not a matter of whether it's a matter of one Uh-huh, how do you know that? Well, I think it's just history. I mean, it's always come back up It's just a matter of what when it happens Uh-huh But you can't sell out of the loaves because then getting the... I'm saying I'm going to sell out of the loaves I'm not going to do that I had another another one of your figures came to meet the hockey game over the geol That's what he was telling me. Well, whatever you're in the hoard you've lost They're right at off. You know, I'll take care of you I'm just gonna write it off to make this guy happy so we can add my business The point is the more on you to never put you in the start with that Was the first mistake now you got to... Now you got to recover before you can make a change Yeah, I was really an interesting thing in the paper over the weekend About how more and more people now are looking into suing their brokers And in the brokerage firms, they're going to be a lot of lawsuits Uh, they're taking out full page ads, the o'er Hawks In the paper, if you lost money and you want to retain it come see me so... I know you're calling me on the lawyer Hawks, but when you go to a broker and you represent one thing To a new town that you have a low tolerance for risk And he puts your entire guy down portfolio on all these tech heavy funds and stocks Seems to me that maybe somebody's got a case, you know? They're doing well, but okay. Oh, but I mean, let's look at this way How many people are going to get ready to approach an alley is out there and you're business in your opinion? Very few. That's right. And there are probably very few good brokers But there are some, you got to find them. They're going to lie. They're different to being their radio personalities Don't cross the audience any money. They don't like what you're listening to you turn the dial That's a good point. I mean, just that. We have a little bit of a higher responsibility Yeah, they'll do it. Yeah, they did that. I mean, I try to compare radio personalities with open heart surgeons You got to shop a lot for a good surgeon, you know? Well, I suppose you got to find him. You got to find a good broker And in which case, they'll do a strike for you. What's that a what's like for them? And they are up there. Well, I don't have one And in college, if I was saying his face can make a train with that. Okay, thank you. If I sound bitter about it, I am. I am. So when you hear Mathew Shaw, near the afternoon on Hank show, doing that spot. You're always full of crap. Okay. Believe me when I tell you, he's full of crap. He hasn't got a child. He means clue what they're always talking about, Mathew. Chiff, chiff, chiff, chiff, chiff, chiff, chiff, chiff. See, he's going to scugging me started all this long stuff again. I'm trying to be in a good mood here today. So then as the X-Town 104 And the Dow is down to 126, what am I going to do about a cry? Yeah, what am I going to do? Crowd respawn, money. Like this guy said, just sit back and we'll come back up. Just sit back and look down in your clutch. It'll come back up. Or maybe not on your old thoughts out there. Just keep looking at it. Or pop back up again someday. Oh, maybe maybe not. Here's Haley. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't know if you will watch in the cryo show festivities, but I was not. I was not. I know you were. And I was just watching on TV, but let me tell you something. I'm not going to tell you what the time it had. All they have was those boy bands and girl bands. And whatever happens to people that know how to play their instruments and go up there and do a job. What the hell is going on with these boy bands and girl bands? What ever happened to the music where people played their instruments are actually learning how to play their instruments and expanding on their talent. I think you've been playing our instruments. What's the problem, as you know? Are you talking behind my back? I'm talking right to your face. What do you say? I said to get out of here. Get lost. Am I talking behind your back? Five six seven. Oh, I invited you to cryo. Okay, nothing. But your cryo can be got nothing to say. Get lost. Go play with it. If you can find it. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. Five six. The only AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Oh, yeah, the Panthers. We don't care about what Neil says. He knocks down in the year. And of course, I'm wrong all the time. Right about the organization and what you've done. I had my thumb on every single time. You're not fooling me. That's what they resent. That little dog and pony show they're trying to put on and suck the public in and put a big and like I said, trading deadline tomorrow. What is it? Three o'clock tomorrow. Whatever whatever time it is. Moon, trees. Whatever. Nobody. You don't care. Nobody cares. Even the beast. Even a sports nerd like the beast. He don't give a crap. Many can't make any money betting on what time the deadline is. You know. By the way, anybody needs a good bookie. We got the beast in there today. If you need a good bookie, he'll give us some numbers. And we'll tell you something right now. And you can mark it down. Yourits probably kind of would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility. I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And who's the guy to set one thing and went out and did something else? And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys wondering if I will not have you guys looking at me. I will not have me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys look at me for the next 10 years. And I will not have you guys look at me for the next 10 years. They will not have you guys because I will not have you guys. 20 years. And I will not have you guys because I will have you guys. And I will not have you guys. for Ryan's marvelous model. These will finally get away from the golf tournament. I forgot for that. God is that ponderous. He can be doing a short show today if they've been working out there. And clearance from 6 to 6. Fifth week now, that's a little bit long for clearance. Fifty minutes. Half hour maybe. Fifth week minutes were stretching that man. And you know who's going to chime in on that show? Stu Gods. Clorances. Stu Gods. They didn't know they were in it. And then 6 with you got your marlins on. On Gleck and the 705, the marlins that the world is at first wanted to be having yesterday. First model, the exhibition game, at least on a week night is tonight. The baby. The first one. 705. It's not. We've had them on a week night. Not on the week night. First week night. Don't be corrected. They'd be. You're doing okay so far. Sorry, sorry. We'll have to cancel that food. Marlins at the orials. Any interest. Come on. Any K after the baseball game. That should be. That should be good following that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. Not that. Nothing got to follow the Panther games. How many people you think are listed in those Panther broadcasts? The iron. Here's the Papino. Hello. Papino. They're a little slow today. Here's Papino. Hello. Okay. He's got two on it. Cool spring. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Season ticket. Panther ticket holder from day one. Yes. I'm going to a cat council meeting. And I got to tell Dean Jordan and Bill Tory that I'm not renewing. They're their assholes. No question about it. I'm doing it. He's not hearing anymore. Who's the head of the. The double the price is since we're there. Eight only gets worse. Wayne has angry. And what's the response? They shrug their shoulders. They don't have a response. That's great. That's the organization. That's. That's their typical response as well. We just want your money. We don't give a crap. That's what I've been telling you all for a long time now. Well, I told him I said, you've been getting my money for eight years. You're not going to get it anymore. It's a shame because hockey is the most exciting sport. It's the only sport that holds my attention at all. Yeah. And I'm just not going to do it anymore. You know, something I'm the least game is on Saturday. And I've been a fan for 42 years. And I'm going to take a lot of motivation for me even the goberncy. That game. They're playing a penguins fight tonight with Mario. I'm not going to go waste my time going to. We're not seeing Mario plenty plenty of times against the wheel team. What's the point? Mario's an exciting guy. I'm going to go check him out. Maybe he'll leave something. Alright, you can have my tickets put a rest of the game. Here. Exactly. Okay, good luck, pal. Thanks you, too. Good choice. Better late than ever. Why isn't up the sounds today? So you folks tell what the organization you can point to figuring and blame me. Which will it be the first time I'm a saw post on a piece of crap, but that's fine. But look in the mirror, look what we've done to the public. Look at the soil you're putting out there and try to put it over on the public. Would you ever price food and the over price tickets and the crappy product out there and to God they may insist that noise, the screaming loud banging noise, you could lose your mind on that place. But don't hate, don't confuse them with the facts. Even when you're trying to help them when you're trying to say something constructive. I know, it's that nail again. He's been so you people are what you're talking about. Let's put on a good show in there. Okay. Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Did you think on that silicon summit panel last night there would be a bunch of direct out to? I saw that. Yeah, it's like always like a half an hour. It's like everyone's so thoughtful after the market's robbed. Right. Like, all of this happened, this happened. And pushing, you know, you had that broker on. Oh, sit sit in there and maybe your money will come back when you had some stocks like at highest $260. And it's trading for what five. Well, mine, I don't have any of those. I'm pretty lucky. Yeah, but what would he tell a people that got sucked in like ass cheese and an eBay and what's the one? Will Bill Schatter with a price line dot com? And he, he toys at nine cents that's been delisted now. What are they going to tell those people? I said, good luck in when you pull a trigger. You know, make sure you're even in the right place. Yeah, you're not going to get anything back on that. Right. That's all there is to it. And some of those like, and here's one gentleman where his company is in what $60 and what 63 cents is stock was. He's on refat where you're having computers. The seller, people can't normally afford a computer. Yeah, and this broker that's given busted my balls about, you know, I'm not in his profession. The fact is that there are true things. You know, savings bonds and money market and the CDs. There are true things. That's called guaranteed. You know, guaranteed interest. Yeah, you do do things. I'm not, I'm going to tell you why you because I can't pick my nose in the end of the market. Okay. Well, let's get a new phone. Get an okay or please because I'm losing my SNF too. What is it? 56. It's 21 bucks. And I remember back when I bought no key in there on there. Oh, my God. This is the greatest stock in the world. The greatest company of 30% a year increased for the next three years. It's guaranteed. And there's a dog in ponieshell baby. There are a bunch of peddlers and hoxlers. There's snake world salesmen. And they've sucked the American public especially when they're day trading thing was going on. They're sucked the public in the believe in the process for real. If there's actually we're going to make money in there now. And like I said, if you were lucky enough, and you didn't you got out. Hey, more power to young jellers. But good luck to you. But now people are waiting to blow their brains out. These guys are sitting on their back. They don't have any idea what they're talking about now anymore than the year ago. That channel ought to be taken off the guy then ear. CNBC. People ought to be selling general electric with both hand just because they're so pissed off at CNBC and the guy then gambling channel. And my friend Ted David comes on here here and you know laughing like, oh, intellectualized Las Vegas. That's a boy. That great line intellectualized Las Vegas. You're killing us all. And a broker with a song that ends up, well, nothing's going to be wrong. Here's a mobile of dear field. Any idea on today? Okay, sir. I heard some I'm trying to describe this guy's my voice just a little bit. I guess I'm still going to carry on to a christening yesterday in Boka. I would have to do first time going there. Oh, I want to say, oh my god. And you know what? My whole thing about Judaism is coming on. I'm not trying to send you. Yeah. But end up happening is, you know, I feel as religion is a tradition in my family. It's not a responsibility. I could believe in God or anything that's up there. But I feel more of a religion. My family did it. I did it. You know, I did my part of it. And I was done. And that was it. I mean, my money and I was done. Yeah. And I thought, well, I said, bye bye. All the stuff, what you take Jesus is your soul and all the blood on going on. Oh, my god. What's up? What about a crap? Uh-huh. Even my mother said the same thing. Was Michael Corley on you there? No, it wasn't. But the priest will like him. Okay, pal. Thanks, man. Great to hear you. Okay. Most of the priest will look a more like Mary Corley on. 560, 560, pound five and rest like her. pound five 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon, while he was fine, the good news is he out looked upon it as a slight unfri-t, but it was a good news that they didn't bring any home and touch. It's the first year in memory. That we got child on porn for homotox and didn't get any pastry alone. What about places that they show up all of the stuff they're still on business. But if they are, they won't like us anymore. And I got home and it was a Friday message from George that there was some some pastry shop in Plantation in the fountain shop. So I think that profusely, but I did not go, they had a whole tray of homotox and for me. Waiting for me. And of course, if I were to go on there, I would have picked it up. I said, thank you very much. I'd taken home and I would have eaten it all weekend and then the weight gained ten pounds. So in retrospect, it was good. It was really good because super day would be embarrassed for me if I was sitting around Sheaven, homotox in my mouth. Very, very fat and delicious. Be delicious. You know like him? Not a big thing. No, because you probably never had to be a one. You probably have those little square triangle or hard ones. Or they're like, that's not real homotation. The real ones are the big soft ones with the popping seeds. But you don't want to know about it, believe me. Forget I said it. They suck. Super day. Yeah. I can't even describe it. He just wouldn't go away. He wouldn't leave. He just kept standing there. I meant to track him in a wonderful time. My name is my own business trying to loosen all my money. Try to get stiff, I do a paedier again. And this guy standing there. Puck, puck, puck, puck, puck, puck, puck, puck, puck, puck. Give me a lesson on life at about diets. Nobody in the history of mankind has got more diet books. You've got to go to my house and if I ever diet book, some that they haven't even been published yet. Yeah. Everyone that's sort of been invented. Are they doing me any good? Oh, am I losing any weight? Oh, my fat is a pig? Oh, yeah. And there we go. Super Dave. So you look wonderful. I don't want to bait you. Not my kind, go away. Please. Yeah. He kept care like, like, dear. Like he was modeling, like, do I, my acceptable for you now? You're not my type, okay? Super Dave. I don't like guys that talk a lot while we're doing it. Okay. Just go away. Go talk to somebody else. That Moses waiting here on a quick or girlfriend. Beath is going to do his girlfriend and I'll be doing holy Moses. So she was okay, huh? Not bad at all. Yeah. Because the first one her picture is up on a thing there with Moses, which would be looking good in person as he does in his picture. I would love him coming here today. He would all have problems. They'll take it personal Moses unless you want to. I still love you sweetheart. Hey, here's a place you'll have pizza law from us and fantastic good stuff. Talk about food. Everything they're espatting by the way. Except the salad. And that's good. I mean, you know, if you want to go into much a little place where you can go someplace else where's a good well. I could have said that in a different way. But anyway, Pizza law they got three different kinds of great pizza. See, somebody's going to take that out of context. They're going to chop that thing off. See what he said. I didn't say that. Did I? I'm going all the way out. You've got the feeling you've got the feeling you've got the feeling. You put your hand on her desk and you try to stroke that head. You change your comfort every time you've got your little chair. That's why I've told her back. You're the battle She kicks your dark brain She kicks your dark brain She's flat you in the corner And the way you quiet the tear You're not a good assurse Because you're the talented That's what it's all about Ow! Don't you think you can't be with us You're the sub-class sub-class That's what it's all about Ow! Come to 45 at 5.60 WQM As wine, two, three, are they working? WQM Hello! Oh, see I told you because we can tell what it was Don't ring and they go I go around them Woooooo! Line to our school up Five, six, six, I just mentioned that And passing case, somebody in the building That cares us paying any attention What's going on with the fonces And again, it's all shrimacked up At the age of 18 million times Here's Kendall, hello Hello, Mr. Rogers Yes sir Let me see, today we've covered Hockey stocks, diet, and attract Yeah Well, so we've got to talk about going to turn out to whole audience I don't know why did you call us You're still here Yeah, no more hockey tuck You're still here though, asshole 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the air me Every time you mention the Hwood I'll tell you what, let's talk about hockey all day Just to piss him off I took a clock, he's still be there What is the limit to complicated for your show? Is that it? Mobile and full water, they'll, hello Yeah, you don't know Okay, I'll tell you everything we've talked about He's your man, or he's the most important to ours They'll tell you everything we've talked about He's just like we got to work for whether the editor in the hill About how growth tests can evil and everything else I am And he can tell you chapter and verse Everything I say, even though you've heard these shows like the playing Yeah Hey, I want to ask you Last year all the big hoop blown over the FK testing Yeah FK this FK, that's a week away I haven't heard a single thing about it Since the people are here with so focused on one year The next year's no big deal That has anything happened One year to the next Yeah, talking about hockey I don't think that guy's got to come So, so let's talk about it now Don't stop You know, I only go to the hockey game For the team from the air with the hop from up north So, anytime there's a duck game I'll go to, you know, I'll find what that I don't know what to do Yeah, I thought I would miss a double game And that's what I can do I can't be a fan of the dancers Because I'm not from down here You know, they get that in the fire I'm sure you go to every maple these games Yeah Right, I mean that's a good one So what is that mean? I mean you can't be a fan of the panthers the rest of the time Or the local team or rest of the time I don't understand that a lot of people are Oh, I mean, I don't know if it's going to be enjoyable And what's going to see I would continue going But it's not, it's terminal and ponderous and grotesque and boring And in particular Take a look Yeah Okay I'm on the floor graphic and people doing 80 and above 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Horizon Wireless Line Let me just see what's going Yeah, my entry isn't working Who the hell are you? I'm not going to be on here, they're all screwed up again for a change 560, why would we just take this thing out of here And just turn out to win the word bigot I vote for that 3 years we've been working this place to try to get a fonce system That works not every day That's open for too much Just like most of the time, you know, you come in on the Monday morning And the phones work, you're going to tell a phone talk show The phones work would be good Can they do it? No, can't do it Can't make it happen Here's a motherland cross brings So, yeah, yeah, sure I remember you're a stock worker guy Same thing happened in the house quite a bit of cash And that whole fiasco Good movie to watch About that Kind of the back door deals that go on with brokers Boyle or room Some additional, it's been a half-lox He's not very good at it But it's a killer movie They talk about behind the scenes on how these guys try to screw people out of the morning Yeah, they're making real big things They get paid on how much you buy Right, that's right They come care about it I mean, they do care because it makes them look good You know, so you can go and run around and get them more clients But if you lose them, it's not that it knows what often they're asked Yeah, they don't even care at all It's horrible Hey, can you play a sofaking? Have a great day pal Here's our last call on mobile and sunrise Hello Morning, you? Yes sir Hey, I'm sitting here at the Staking Shake Drive through thinking about you Uh-huh Saw your friend inside told him that you said hi And uh, who's that? Josh? He's been working there now? Yeah He didn't tell him I said hi I didn't He didn't got any idea who I am Well, I just said the guy in the corner vet He comes through at that he says hi And he just kind of smiled and said, okay Okay, he doesn't have any idea I've been to that job through once in my life time But look, what's now? We have a sticking shake down here And mob penis blows out of the oven And then you can do everything you can do, uh, ever go back to Tampa There you go, especially now that globos aren't here I don't know if anybody want to go back there Hey, guy, it was the worst Hey, do you want to make your proposition? Yeah Is there any if I were to bring you in George and everybody else lunch on Friday From Staking Shake? Yeah Could I get your tickets for Friday or Saturday's game? Not now, no, I'm in You see that? No, no, you're a raffman You see what just happened? He just got cut off That's what that sounded Somebody is picking with our phones, so it's no hit a day again Wait a minute, let me go to school And I wouldn't brought him the penguin tickets if he would have brought us Bacon Shake Yes, bring us bacon shake, I'd probably I'll bring him the penguin ticket at the parking pass And don't forget to chuck with chicks And bring Josh, if he bring Josh, I might even give you the maple league tickets But did you hear that? Let's see what's going on Who? W2AM? Hello Wine 2 dead Wine 3 dead Wine 3 Wine 3 Wine 2 W2AM? Hello Yes sir W2AM W2AM W2AM I just called about to take the shit Yeah Yeah, it's playing a bit what happened? You just got cut right off, right? I thought you were just connecting the thing No, I did not No, I did not No, stop it I'm already doing something So will you listen to me? I'm sorry This has been going on for days now Somebody is dipping with their phone system And the people inside the belly here running around with their finger up each other's eyes Yeah, where do we do? What are we doing? That's going to be incorrect What about the fan system here? There's a word about it, pal I'm thinking whatever You're bringing on launch for me and George on Friday You can have the penguin tickets and the parking pass Can you connect me with George? I can get your orders for no one to get you guys on George isn't here today George is at the accepting my award at the banquet there Time for a bit Call George tomorrow I'll call him tomorrow I'll see you on Friday And we'll put an order together for you Thank you, sir And tell Josh I said hi And I can't say that if he bring him in I'll give it a leap to get to That he will be with me Yeah, right Oh, sure No, you can't believe that It's okay, see Yeah, the phones here we go again ladies and gentlemen I'm thinking of the claim If it were a way we just can't get the guy dead Must have working here I mean you folks even in the audience But now they get to be exposed They hear that sound that kind of like cuck And you can just tell that somebody's like The line just been disconnected right there Sure, that we do now 560560 560 On the 18th and 13th Let's give it a chance You know a shot here could be an adventure Looks like it will be Here's a mobile invoker, hello Yeah, sir Hey, I could have called Yeah No, I'm not in life Follow the hell out of me Yeah I say we send everyone back to Cuba What if you have the one off my ass Yeah Yeah, and that's a guy at your job Never would you see it out there Are you in bokeh anybody? I don't know what you're worried about Are they speaking Spanish in bokeh? Oh, I'm starting to creep up there Yeah, well you're next We're going to send them all your way Yeah, the phones are screwed up Holy, I don't think it's personal But it's a piece of crap It's all screwed up again Just when you least expect it You know, we've had actually a few days in the world That it worked and you're coming You know, picking that only for your body Forget about it And just when you expected the least I'm a lot of feel here comes more form problems That you are in Mobile in Miami, hello First time calling the ambulance Yes, sir, okay That's that They do Yeah Yeah Cool, give us a little Oh, no Yes Yeah, yeah Good answer to the call earlier I agree with him Good much hockey talk Uh-huh, so what do you want to talk about? So definitely not to talk about the track or dieting Okay, what else? Or talk about EARC code Yeah, there you go Uh-huh Now you got your son, wanted 560, 50560, pound-560 On the ADAD and Verizon wireless line Mobile in Miami, hello Me, oh Yes, sir Yeah, long time, wasn't it? No, first time call it Okay, that's not appropriate called you before And said that the way you were talking to you How did he put it? Uh-huh What I'm getting at is Uh-huh Yeah Yeah Yeah Okay Here's Miami, hello Hey, Miel Yes, sir How's the record talk about the car or the outro? I have no idea It was two counties away I see if you're threatened by it up there Yeah Have you ever agreed with you with a panther thing? I think I will be screwed off for us down here Yeah And uh Keep up the good work Okay Hey, man 560, pound-560, got the ADADD and Verizon wireless line How's the address? I'm not sure sure it may be a good thing the phone screwed up today when you come right down to it boy and you give me a son at the end about the stuff I'm talking about first of all you folks are talking about if you got a strong stomach anybody have any idea what they're talking about? no five minutes before noon at five sixty wc are the streets of East LA when the blind rumble with the cricks there's one jann no one mess as well it's our damn with thank you no one out of all a little more dollar and there's a district leader buckwheat boss it's like a proper production of a buckwheat pair hilarious okay give it a two day why the way I think they made that two days a week don't you think it's a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit okay perfect for the twelve-note at five sixty wc I'm happy Monday two if it's possible five six seven five sixty pound five sixty we're going to do a test here I can't do it because they're not lit up even in here now in other words the buttons on here and the whole year like all blind you'll see so you got them on in there and then I do go on here this phone is out there may be someone online too wc like him yeah yes sir let's talk to me speaking wc like now even you know what's going on these are those hangups these people are being disconnected the minute that I put them on here aren't you following this yeah you hear that keep clicking it over there it's all sound kick clicking away at it baby the whole show is being sabotaged today and I got people standing out the movie with the oh yeah let's be bored it they're being yanked we're being yanked wc like him you're speaking no more alcohol wc like him why you calling wc like him wc like him you play the way you stop wc like him yes sir then you got a bunch of half horse for a fucking liquid yeah listen I just thought it was yes it is I just thought I was going to go back to the opinion on something this is a real common yes not yes it is this is the artist last time I checked looks just like me yeah yeah what you're sending on nangers restaurant and downtown answer me nanger no very popular in red shaw first of all don't eat in the includes so how do I know about the mangers now okay well we're interested in moving there the family what would you do when how do you go about doing that you're interested in moving there is a family yeah I'm like a new my family there for what I have a job opportunity yeah and uh but I didn't really was unsure of you know I would go about doing that probably run a house or an apartment and you know put your cat together and ship a day and move in probably we're going to go correct well you know why would you be interested in moving if you don't even know anything about it so get out of here get out of my face you idiot I'll see it mangers I think you're starting about pingers not mangers see now look at that you got the things that I did my phone isn't even connected to whatever's going on in there it's okay nothing works in here you're not not a woman you see this computer is set up here these people are actually on a whole and this phone is got not no relationship with what's on there you follow what I'm saying another would you're doing one show in there on the phone I'm doing another one I'm sure the time you answer the phone I'm sure they wanted you to do it better than this so you can't even answer it aren't you glad you came in here today or at least lunch is good thanks again on my bread over it Tony's thanks for the free lunch although we're booting now okay down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down back it goes down down down down down down for dog walk in the town over the home Well, the brook girl is calling, and he's clearly leaving part game for all of them. Now he's standing behind his window, calling from the jungle to be. A dark side fading, even though I don't have deep breathing, The head's a haze and I'm just a little fading, coming from the jungle to be. I can't rush it, I like this lesson, for my very eye. Dark side jumping, then I'm jumping. Oh, bear without being told. Now I'm standing 54's above the mountain, A white family, a real feeling, A friend is coming up with me, So they're calling me, We're building me. Brother Phon, I'm at five, six, you're coming to two in. Here they are in, hello. Yes, sir. We can say something about that platform through the road with the road. Yes, I'm going to get this, I'm on it. Thank you, my friend. Okay, thanks, thanks for the good call. WQAM. Well, yes, sir. Hey, I'm trying to call a few weeks ago when we were talking about that. Well, Grinsha, her flat question, though, regarding journal labor, that was one of my favorite shows that we've gone there. Where did you come from? Did you like that any further? Yeah, you used to be on a radio. Here's a radio personality. New York, yeah. Okay, five, no, five, no, five, no, that's ours. I want to clarify the biggest item. So, what is that? Wait a minute. What are you screaming about? I'm trying. I'm trying. You get that phone by your mouth or your active. What are you doing here? I don't know. What are you doing here today? What is it? What is it? What are you screaming about? I'm screaming about. What's the real deal? Yeah, I wish I could say the same. What's the question? Try to throw for a while. What about the radio? From, who, from ticker by the land? Who, how low's it came from? Go get the guidance, books, go to board, and by one of those books. What did he come from? Five by a birdie? Five by a birdie? Five, six, seven or five, six. Good Mike's been down on the phone. WQAM WQAM can regulate and tesser. Hey, what's up there? How you doing? Can I talk about eating ass? Yeah, call up point. Laterdale, the beast will give you his number. WQAM. Yes, I heard talking recently about the old golden Buddha restaurant. You know, that was owned by my friend Kenny Wong. Kenny Wong. Kenny Wong and the parking lot was big enough for a political convention and the food came out steaming hot. Yeah. I'm going to have my lunch now. I'm going to have a peach, a pear, an apple, a grape and a chandelier. Your lunch time for me like fruit is right up your alley right? WQAM. I have a lunch now. Yes, your 10 year-ready loss here. I already did. I already did. What the hell? I'm going to have a little bit of a bowl. I'm talking so loud on you, Pete, but you're crazy. Oh my gosh. You're so rude. You're so rude. You're going to scream with over here. I'm not going to call this screw up. What can I do for us? Say something to the television, please. I'm going to call it a man's act. Everybody is waiting for me about the man's act. So today's something. There's been no opportunity like this in 87. Okay. So anybody's crazy about this. Stop being there. They should be by any more right now. And Vincent, please. I said convince them. I'm by my way. Okay. He said by with both hands. I've been telling him for weeks is doing any good. No. We're just little peons. These stock, the police fluctuations, all these wild generations. They're not being controlled by little people like us. Believe me when I tell you. We just caught in the middle of a bunch of crap. 9 minutes after noon at 5.60. WCM attack. Oh God. WCM. WCM. How did you? WCM. WCM. School of broadcasting. Yes. You too. The last three is Korea. It's the wonderful world of radio. If you follow our curricula, the course is free. Of course you'll work for free. Call 1-800-1-B. And speak to our director of education. Mr. Lenny Margen. So you want me to work at that? Oh, I want to work at that. Yes. So we're going to... For a second. Can you say news? No. No. You. No. No. You already told us. You. How did you know? You know, we have the joy we've been in this course. We, we, we, we, we, we. We, we, we, we, we, we. We, we, we, we, we. We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we. We, we, we, we, we. We, we, we, we. We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we. We, we, we, you. We, we, we, we, we, we. They come as you call. They're going to do it. People's right now. They're going to do it. They're going, they're going. They're going. They're going. Another game. We have done it. Like what we did of them. Ah... And I often got books to win. when page 14. Okay, that's the me. And then, I'm not much, I want to do anything. Okay, okay. And then, yeah, yeah, yeah. And go to the end of the room and go to the window. Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio. Oh, radio. Where you can hear your own voice. Let the W2AM School of Godcasting provide you with the essential tools you're made to make your whip may your dreams come true. I mean, a one from two. Where's one of the new people I know of? Well, 14 and 56, the W2M will just come and get it right here. No, we just can't do it. W2AM. We didn't want you anyway, don't worry. They make a big difference. QAM. Yeah, hi. W2A going to work. Yeah. When? We're from circus. W2AM. W2AM. Any, how are you? I've been better. My name is Johnny. I was the guy in the brochure that George says that we and my brother were the only ones nice to him. You were the one in one? That we were my brother Danny. They went to the brochure. And George went to the public. Oh, the both. Yeah, right? Yeah. And George told you that we were the only nice people and all that group of apples that were there. Yeah. And I just wanted to wish you a good day. Okay. Have a nice day there, Johnny. Okay, bye-bye. What do you wish me a nice day? Well, that nice. Yeah. They're nice. Yeah. TMS going to talk. They're going to talk. That's what I hear. So I look classic on music people. Start calling up Bob Green and pitching his answer. Okay. They're dumping you folks. That classical music format. That's the rumors. That's what we're hearing. WQAM. You know, I totally agree with all these colors. We're going to panthers and they're, they're lack of interest for our spans. And we're going to make all these colors. I think I had three people talking about that. Okay. Well, I have one of the five people saying they don't want to hear about hockey. I'll screw them. You know, the sad part is that we had something here and it's like all the other sports. And it was pops to you, Paul, like a few weeks ago. It's like I'm at the point now, 39 years old. And I really don't give a rat fast with it. And even to stay here or not. Right, I agree. And Tom, I'm losing my interest. I just don't care. They're doing great. I think when your call was over the guy, you just split my tickets with. And he had great seats. But I just can't see. 4k out of 150 bucks. You know, 20 times a year. That's still 4, 5 grand. Right. The product is terrible. I'd rather gamble it and go to the deepest of a couple of shoviations to do that way. And if it's all right. And all of these people from John Henry and everybody else down the line. The actors though, they, it's your civic duty to support these grand athletes. And like if you went to a restaurant and the first start of getting really crappy and to keep getting worse and worse and worse. And they owners started like, bitch in the public out for saying, you know, I don't understand what's wrong with you people. You know, you got to do to give me a business here. Yeah, they only do to you. You're coming out of his dog. Right. That's why they go to that stadium down is for, you know, because even the mountains. I can't wait to wait him and they didn't vote to stay down. It's not going to happen there. But I mean, what's with this one guy he wants to give him land for 20 million. What do you make? I mean, just the whole concept that people here aren't going to support anyway. It's only a foot run down. They came and saw the dolphins when they're in the playoffs. Yeah. They're supposedly the big draw here. And after people here, they don't care about the heat. Not that I care either. They don't care about the heat. Well, you know, the interesting thing is that he got two gigantic buildings that had just been built in the last few years. One in David, one in Broward. And they're playing all the, all the sporting events are going on in this place. They're in front of thousands and thousands and thousands of empty seats. And they're talking about building another one. Well, look at even winning the marlons played at the, whatever, P.P. Park over there. How much does a question to run the place with the electric? If you just look at that way. Then the foot the lights on and hire a couple of people who are so crap to you. What is it? It's a little bit of a question. I mean, what's the point? And it goes back to everything else. There's two, it's all watered down garbage. And the people, I mean, these contracts that give them. I mean, but the good, but the good, there's this very shepard. He'll had a, yeah, we both decided 10 million year. He might be able to live on it. I heard they blew the crap out of him. Yeah. And we can, I'm good. And it could have been a better guy. The other, the other, the other, the other, the tomato's Adam. I love you, show Neil. And a great takeout. No, yeah, he just decided that maybe all those teammates aren't such a bunch of assholes. And maybe 10 million dollars a year is enough to get the water, my one in Chilins for your Shepfield. Good ones today, right, please. Good stuff. Yeah, thanks again, Brad. That's always coming for a free lunch. It's all about free. We need to get those heaven times and so we got free lunch today. Just to get even. What? The folks kind of work, but I still can't talk to anyone. Hey, let me just hand over like here. Okay. Just don't worry about it. Have your lunch in there. You're under a lot of stress. They should not be happening here. We've got 454,000 times of this happening here. Every time you turn around happens again, because we got a bunch of incompetent running this place. Who are running around? No, Greg, I got Greg. It's a bad problem, Greg. WCQAN. 26 years of this, I knew. What is it? 26 years of this bullcraft. Wow. Well, Neil, see other users, man. What is it? See other users. Okay. That's probably a 40 pounds of in his mouth. WCQAN. Yeah. I wouldn't. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yeah, what's up, bro? What's going to Hollywood, hello? Yeah. Yes. Hey, how are you doing there? All right. Yeah, I'm just kidding. I like soap operas. One of my first soap operas is a lot. My thanks for there. And he said, yeah, you're a fine kid. You want soap operas? Yeah, I know. I know. And then it was written so much. It's very good. No. Yeah. Okay. The woodpecker. Believe me. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless. We're doing screenless because the beast can't answer the phone. Because we have a discriminated disconnected. Because Julio's got a screwdriver out in the working on it. Yeah, he's running a lot of work. He's running a lot of work. He's running a lot of work. He's running a lot of work. He's running a lot of work. He's running a lot of work. He's running a lot of work. He's running a lot of work. He's running a lot of work. He's running around. Nobody can lay in. Hello, New York. Yes, sir. How's it going? All right. It's 26 years. Just think of that. And this, your manager's making, we get the phone system to work. Yeah, well, I need to do it. I don't care. You're doing it? Yeah, I don't care. Okay. How about the other side? Let me put you this way. Well, yeah. I can get all stressed out about it like I used to do. I can get all bent out of shape and have an ever-sprake. Let me pay Chuck. No, it's not just that. But if they don't care. And if this is their idea for radio show, what am I going to do about it? I'm doing the best I can under impossible circumstances. You're number one. Yeah. No. Okay, thank you. And when putting up with great calls like that, you know, we'll probably be number one happening soon. Yeah. WQAN. I'll say go off. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Don't squeeze it too hard. WQAN. QAN. Thanks for the answer. Oh, yeah. Blind mic. Now, now we have a no-win screen. Let's now we got blind mic calling again. Get out of here, mic you, jackass, okay. And watch out where you're walking. WQAN. I know. Yes, sir. I know you didn't look from the game on radio that we can do. Yes, sir. I know you didn't look from the path I came on the radio, sir. I wouldn't want to do it on the radio because it was right there on my TV. I watched some of it. Yeah, I had to work so I was looking for radio man. Those jigs and Randy were really loose yesterday. Did you hear anybody about that? Yeah. Some of the languages there were useful? Yeah. Yeah. I didn't, I've never really listened to games too much, but some of that work. And I turned it on, too, was going on. I guess they were different when they don't have to party all day or something. But they were very pretty loose. About one. One. Oh, no. More was talking about getting some nuky during the day. Yeah. You know, I think you're talking about, um, but a fructo, uh, Johnny buttons whoever's talking about. Okay, good. Good to hear that. Follow me with the two metal objects. Good time out there on the pond, maybe that was it. That jugs McDonald's. He a pretty weird person. Oh, man. Awful. Or was funny, buddy. But he's another over naked pictures of Bill Thurie in the Billy Goat. That's why that all islanded crowd, you know, made that become back here in the East Pad then and the jugs McDonald. I don't want to tell anybody that jugs got one other town on a wheel and Toronto that wouldn't really try to pass him over on TV. Man. Stuck his ass in the guy damn canoe and put him in Lake Ontario. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the AT&T and twice and while it was lying. I guess what I did here, I wasn't the car there today and I heard like the end of some, uh, was it. Basically, I'll get it. It was on, uh, I don't know where it was. What's the administration and Christine and more on was on the money. It must have been here on a year's period radio or they were playing a highlight. Which in his case, they would be an exaggeration. They were playing the war right. And that was Christine and more to let some basketball game. And I thought to myself, he's an asshole. WCWM. Neil. Yes sir. That question for you. I'm thinking what's wrong with the five year old girl hockey game for the season's over? No, not done. You have to go out of town to see a real one. I know, but I mean, I can't afford to go out of town. I can't even afford to go to the regular game. But I didn't want to take him to one. What's the Orlando C. The solar beers? See you. Yeah, glad. What do you think would probably be the most exciting? Probably one you'd enjoy, sir. One would sometimes that you'd be interested in. Yeah, I'm going to go on to a restaurant right now. I'm going to go on to a fast food restaurant. What? What do you think I should order? Huh? And how, what kind of voice do you think I should ask the guy or what I go through the drive to? How, how could I speak to the guy? What kind of voice should I use to make sure I get nice friendly service? How is that poor coming here? 126 votes are all busy on that on the O'Rages.com and there, there, there, there, there. I knew this would be a big response. Which of these disturbs you the most about South Florida? Obviously, listen to this, grab me a lot of this dude. People. 126 votes are 101 say people who can't have what's big English. 87, when people are just too up austinosed. 53 of the drivers, 51 crappy schools, over 34 say fine, you know, crime, drugs, stuff like that. They don't care. Just if you're going to do crime, at least do a English. Yeah, if you're going to strict somebody up through an English dammit, WQLM. Yeah, you know, our, our baseball team wanted to put it in Haalia. Yeah. Maybe Robert, King is going to look up with this guy and they can put it there in Haalia somewhere. I don't think he wants it. Now he's too smart of politicians, he's not going to win. They don't want it. Will Robert do this? Yeah, they don't want to give, compute with the cock fights. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. WQLM. Hey, can I talk to Neil? Okay, where you're calling from? I'm Dean Lam. Okay. Okay, here's the call from Dean Lam, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? All right, how you doing? Okay. Well, I'm listening. Uh-huh. I thought you'd call that earlier about the Grammy, the Grammy Awards. Yeah. Right. I worked out here inside the film business, locally. You know, it was another scam. And, uh, you know, the head of the film industry down here, we see the call from the Cuban Chamber Commerce last week. Telling him that if they had any Cuban musicians artists, after saying that they would have people out there throwing rocks and creating, you know, the general message. Oh, Robert, Robert, Robert. Well, I think what they're doing is probably, uh, laughing it up for LA making sure that it goes out there again. Absolutely. In the sense, I do have some young Latin friends who are totally disrupted with the attitudes of these old folks. Yeah. Who can't keep up with the time. And there are some people out there who don't think like that. Some of them want the artists coming here and all that. Well, I'm aware of the other we'll live without it, you know? All right, right. Hey, my little brother Mike is, uh, big fan of yours. He's on his way down from here. Oh, be sorry. Listen, now he's a little bit out to do a strike. Yeah. And that's it. I'm a great day. Okay, back to you, sir. Have a wonderful life. Another scam, the whole thing with Latin Grammys. Oh, yeah. We clean up our acts. We want to make sure you understand it's a bastion of a freedom and, uh, Yeah. But just don't bring no Cuban performance. You're otherwise we'll have to change our mind. Anything here changed? Oh. Anything ever going to change? How young is two young? Here's a guy who made a bad bouncing pisser game. There's a cut-in, but a little bit, but can tell which way. If you don't like him that's you better, if you don't try and find a way. What's the name for all of this? It's a big part of it. If you don't try and find a way. If you don't try and find a way. It's just really a big copy of people go all the way. I think that's a real factor. It's like you've lost it day. You'll all play it, see their calls. Okay? Come on in firmly and play. Okay. What time is this for all of this? It's a big part of it. Let's try and throw these shows up. Let's try and throw these shows up. Go. Go. This instant. Copy 1560 WKOM. They're running around like a bunch of moon ticks around. It's just like, like usual. Yeah. How about we going to do a Greg? It's a folk problem, Greg. Five six have all of you. You'll never believe this way, too. I've tell you. Almost forgot about speaking about the creepy people is building. I'm leaving here on Friday. And I'm going to my car. Who's usually standing down there to run to a clock where I'll sit down there. A puffin on the faggot is the water not to. Don't be messing with me. I go to Greg Reed. So anyway, I know, of course, she and I do not speak. We speak all, okay, like me and screw in. We don't speak which they're all we get along well. And I see she's holding something and she's calling me. She had her little puppy in her arms there. Now I thought this was the one who was threatening like squash puppies a couple of weeks ago. Those are the stories that we were hearing. Yeah. Greg was running around the building, pedaling those stories about how she was threatening the step on puppies that they didn't get them out of her office real fast. And she had us cute little puppy in her arms. So I went over and I looked at the puppy. It was cute. I gave it a little scratch on the head and whatever. And yeah, it's just a cute little thing. Yeah. Boy. So I'm not really sure whether that's a good sign. Maybe she's like mellowing a little bit. No? You don't think so? Or maybe she just figured it was like the size of a microwave something like that. Did you see it? Oh, it's used parading it around the whole building. Yeah. But I mean, she and I don't speak and she went out of her way to like call me over so I could like make we could make a big suicide of it. We don't even speak to each other. I mean at all. So what does it mean? Yeah. Yeah. Here's for a waterdale. Hello. Yeah. I just wanted to thank Neil for helping out setting the public straight on the basic restructed, health, and that's our currently employed as stock brokers. Very, very well put. Yeah. Yeah. That's such a doubt. And you know, there's concept of don't worry. Don't turn the market just by and can I just tell you something. Neil was 1556. If you're born in at the wrong date, you got out of 1982 with the averages. Or a product and the least in two percent a year for 26 years. And then Neil, if you got an 56 and you got out in 74 was less than 1%. But if you picked the wrong day in December 1965, the buy and like got these dice. Yeah. And you're called an August of 82, Neil. The Dow is 200 points lower, 18 years later. No. That's absolutely, that's not true. Neil is 100%. And that is actually around the Dow is like over 10,000 points, 18 years ago. There was 95, there was 95, these numbers 65 are high. And an August 82 is going to be over 70. There is no, the Dow is 10,000. So now what are you talking about? Neil, Neil. In December of 65, it was 1965. Yeah. August of 82, not 92. Not 82. Not 82. It was 7. You're talking about the leading those two dates, not now. Well, if you're at the point of being, if you're in your 50s now, Neil, why would you take a chance to throw your retirement? You're not. You're not. I didn't want a chance. I wanted security. I didn't want high risk. And I got a guy who now has got me up to my years, $400,000 in the, I end debt on the paper. And he gives Tommy just hit tight, relaxed don't even watch it. It'll become back. It always comes back. That's the only thing you can tell me because he's got me up to my guy, damn. Up to my barred spot in tech wreck. You're 100% right. And I have a cousin in the hospital. He's the one who's the closest man. He's the closest man. He's the closest man. He function jail with the, with the rest of these guys that don't take into consideration. You were supposed to weigh away your life. But you see when you leave tired. But when CNBC has come on and men when NBC and general electric have put this out and work on the air and they pass it off and they got the charges in the forest and the artist and they're like, it doesn't. It means nothing. They use the same kind of double pop that the race trackouts use. And they're talking about support levels this and retesting lows. on the system of pockets. Jimmerish. Of course it's Jimmerish. And if you, and most of these people who buy this back today, I have not no concept of what a price-learning place you are, or 200 day moving average. And they whispered the beauty power for real letters called diet. And until recently, everybody thought they were a genius, and the thing could never go down. And people are just a picture from it and how to struck people. I would never wash money. I gamble you gamble with those money to pay. You're used to it, but you don't have something you hate it. You can't spend losing the dime. Imagine somebody like my 75-year-old cousin, or what a best-a-cancer who's retirement is set. And the natural planet of Tozer are you stupid. You're not getting enough money, which we see these. Take it and put it in the market. She hasn't. Yeah, it was with best cancer 75, and she said, now she has a slept night. She's a wreck. I offer materialating. And the bulk only pose it just like you're a guy. You're not a lawyer about it. Wait, you pay him. Or did she post a bit of a way because she's honored and 20? He's not. And once you get to be by 120, it'll come back. You got it in the open. We get to the good one. Thanks. Yeah, you put it right on here to sell money. Race track, Tows. That's what all these stock brokers are. You're a bunch of grave robbers. I mean, there are a lot of you making a lot of money. And that's fine. More power to you. But at least be honest about it. You're a bunch of grave robbers. A bunch of fakers. Snake world salesmen. Five, six, and I got one of the worst. I can't imagine anybody could be worse than my guy. Thanks a lot, River. Here's some words, hello. Hey, you doing now, okay. I listen. I think I have an idea. Yeah. Why you haven't been able to make head wing 25 years with the people down here. Just an idea. Okay. I think that what they're really are is the skies and they're really lizards. The high lizards lay on each other. They're called blooded. They lay on each other. But not because they care about each other. But they lay on each other because they can suck the heat out of each other. I think that's really what you're saying last time. Yeah. That's what I have. Okay. Thank you. He said the people are suck. Oh, get his right. Now maybe the guy that's going to bring the food on fire. See you picked it wrong day. You should have been a fighter for a stoic and check. All this was okay. This wasn't shabby. Except for the ant in their salad, on sir. Did you really have ant in your salad? Couple. Good protein. Maybe the misunderstanding when you ordered the ant. Who's maybe just wanted the ants. Come on, Brad. We don't know. We appreciate their free food. But ants in the salad for the beef. He gets ants in the salad. The firm system's all screwed up. He's got a whole lot of doing some assaults in there behind him. Have it on our break down. Bluff in the ant. Clarence showing the doorway. Sickener, head to the river. Move the wood like that. I apologize profusely that you had to get sucked into this. I mean, you know, what would you rather do? Do this or that's not in morning sports page. What's too God's? You know, still God's. He's not a bad guy, weiner. He's okay. Every stole of our train. He's got a little gambling. Probably is not a bad guy. He belongs on the air. Like I belong performing. Open heart surgery at Mount Sinai and about a half an hour. Okay. That's how much he belongs on the air. Still God's. And the best part of the deal is our program director. Go. Go. Just instant. God's him. Think he's great. I'm not a major such job there. Here's Evan. Here. Hello. Tom Rogers can help you. Stop living a life of sin. WDQ. WDQ. WDQ. No. Okay. I will. What do you think the chance to all of Bush kill that kid? Climacy. You mean, jab bush and a kid, I'll probably get it. He thinks so. See, first of all, I thought about that over the weekend. That kid doesn't belong in jail. He belongs in a medallence. That kid is emotionally disturbed. His mother is the one who belongs in jail. I agree. Well, but uh. And is it defensive turning? So do you think Bush might just uh. Yes. Well, all of our got face. Oh. Five. Five. One of our Marines. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon. Wyrlis wine. Mobile in four. Latterdale. Hello. Yes sir. I've set foot to be kneeled. What is that sir? The disgusting thinking smokers that throw this cigarette butts wherever they want. Yeah. What does it do with it? Okay. We'll go to the vet and let me just tell you this. If that's the biggest problem I am very jealous. I salute you. Okay. You got to kiss the ground. If that's something that you got to be worried about, you must have one great life. Congratulations. He told one of five six two. W.C. Come on. I'm not always. We don't care. Okay. The phones don't work. We don't care. You're spotting. We don't care. You're just sending us your money. Yeah. We'll give you the thumbs up. Yeah. I saw you give me the thumbs up too. Then I said, yeah. Great job. Holy old. Nice gone. Candleism. It's only three years later when you expect. We'll sort of saw you saw the project out here. And man, if we got this lobby all spiffed up here now or what? Those diamonds to a plant from creskies. We got out there for 59 cents a piece. And at the over the stained leather furniture out there. From the lobby of the cotton and LACLF on the beach. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Yeah. I noticed a few people spilled their plopney bags on it. That's definitely we're washing off someday or not. We don't care. Here's for water they'll. Oh, no. Yes sir. Yeah. You know, it occurs to me that these people that get so worked up and cranked up about people speaking about their language. They're probably the same ugly Americans I see when I'm on vacation in Europe. Seeing at the next table on our restaurant, the millions and a lot of them in but here speaking wish. And you got to catch up and do the girls to ice water. And you know, they think everybody in the world should speak English when they're over in New York and non English speaking countries. But yet here, they think that, you know, how big you speak your native language in my land. And it just, you know, it got, it got me to see that. I tell people here, you know, they get upset about all these different languages. I'm like, well, now you know how the Indians felt when we came over here 200 years ago. Huh. Or when they moved to Cleveland, maybe. Well, I think it's okay. Have a great day sir. Anybody know what he said? No. No, I said the quick to belly aching. That's what he said. They don't like it man. People who can't have once speaking the Shambal 19. It's in first place with 32 percent. What do these disturbs you the most about South Florida? Those people. Or even people 100. Or people's catching up now. Oh, I watched it. 120, 6.8 percent. crappy schools 60. Wait on the list, see they don't care about that. 16.1 percent. The driver is 58, 15.5 percent. And crime, nearly 35, 9.4 percent. Here's a call from Michigan. Hello. Hey, what's up, uh, listen down here and then because of the talk radio around here really sucks. Where are you, Michigan? I'm right on the state line right next to Toledo and Ohio. Yeah, well, like what city? What town? What, uh, like Gary Township? Oh. Oh, I hear great reads of real troll too. Yeah. And that thing about immigrants and people in the rest of the world. I just know that there's a lot of them at Bash Americans, but you think about H.U. What is it? Huh? Yeah. But, uh, if you think about who created America in this country, the rest of the world is. Everybody in the rest of the world came over here and built this country themselves. We built this country. Yeah. It's how that looks good song. Okay. What people have in the sea of Wolverine Raceway when they reopen? 560, 5060. Are they going to reopen? No. How they're in La Honia, come on. Schoolcraft in the middle of both. Come on. Let's go. Here comes Don Hall on the outside. With them again. Don, he come on. Joe Marston, you're just one on a break. There's all the right clunk. Yeah. Let's talk harness racing. You really put these people all high. You think you could pissed off about the hockey stuff. I'm going to talk about harness racing. How do you like that? Am I going to do it? Yeah. Francis, oh, here. Flushing Michigan. Also to him, Tom, of Eric Gooddale. Hey, Brad Kramer, what a race last night. A winter race way, $16.80. Came in through twice. Had a second ice going there. Oh, Brad. Anybody know what I'm talking about? No. Good. Good. That's excellent. Because I have no idea what any of them are talking about either. Now we're even. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, everybody. How you doing? OK. Say, it's nice to see nights here that everyone is so patriotic today. About what? What are they patriotic? I'll drop you Indians. Oh, yeah, the Indians. I'm sticking to her to hear about the goddamn Indians. OK. Screw the Indians. I think I got their gambling their pillows. Can't you stick to her? They don't know. They can drink. Yeah. That's right. It was nice. The problem they hit arrows when we had guns. That's right. Go ahead. It was nice to be a hero to be all that our schools and our teachers and our in there. And their students rely so much on the marlins. Did you see that the other day? No, I did not. I guess. Oh, you mean the letter to the editor about that? Right. Another pop piece, John. And we keep putting all these people. Keep on running, phrasing up to it. And then that brought from the daily food bread bank. And then there's some other civic organizations. He's writing a letter about all the great things they do for the students. I mean, who are you, kid, John Henry? Man, talk about a Schmer campaign. It's pathetic. Somebody's fucking fur and promotion nail. Yeah. I think luck. Okay. Maybe she wants to be one of the concessionaires that do ballpark. Yeah. So when I was movies. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6. I do like that. I've told you before. The car valve concession of pppark gets you only thing. And they got some other good stuff. But carvel, and when you get like a high-bud Sunday, they put lots of the fiasque. Just loaded up with cherries. Here's my baby, Chelo. Yes. And a reference to that car valve, a little while ago about this cigarette bus was here. But you two told them the good of no hamper. They're coming up with a new law where they're collecting the pain, your nickel or cigarette bus. Uh-huh. Did you see that there was in the paper the other day? Well, I could have brought some of the good of a hamper by the child. Yeah. But also about these cool shootings in these poor punk kids that are not just different, clean right and wrong. I think there's this humanitarian viewing of like at least one to a year, two great movies. One was the documentary of the original scared straight. And about 30 or some years ago, I told my name is Stanley Kubrick. Made a picture called Clockwork. I'll ask you something. Why are you talking to me like I'm some kind of a five year old child? I don't know who Stanley Kubrick is and it was. And I didn't see the Clockwork Orange 50 times. Well, I know. My point is that why are you talking to me like I'm some kind of an infant? Like I don't know a fellow by the name of Stanley Kubrick? No, I know that. I just feel like the you greener should be made a toy doing that. They don't show any of these kind of pictures. Yeah. What? The distillation has no idea who's it. No, I think what they ought to do. I think maybe there's part of it that's true. It's take the toothpick and try their goddamn eyelids open to make a much rosy or don't offer four or five days. That'll straighten them out. Now, what's there on that bitstool on here? What is wrong with the women of this country? They got the worst guy damn taste. The crap that you women watched between that fat disgusting Oprah. I guess the women like fat disgusting people, which I'm surprised that it was an additional. Because Connie didn't make it. Who? Connie was. Oh, yeah, very well since daughter. She didn't make it. She's out there for a week. All right. I understand she had to go back to bed with daddy and that teddy bear. Kidding company. Oh, yeah, he's back in bed again. 560, 560, come on. Let's place in Brian. Well, so when you say, here we go. You inspired me. Be here we go. Yeah. And how are these calls? They suck. Let's play some Brian Wilson. It was very dmented now. Which is a good lesson all you can. So this is better than scared straight in a clockwork orange. What's that one cut? They're just enough to make you want to. Huh? There we go. Spent too much time and bed with your teddy bear. This is what you'll sound like. Oh, I don't want Brian either by a sweetheart. Get out of the covers again. How's that going? He's still on the water. He's still on the water. He still has fun. He'll come off one of these days. You don't worry about it, Brian. Yeah. He'll come off one of these days. Yeah. He's a 90's deal. Oh. So there's a lesson for all your kids out there. Don't waste your life away line and bed with a big guy named Teddy bear. Unless it's one that moves. 560, 560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Yeah, let's play some music today. What do you say? Go back to that music stuff and beat your hell out of it. She people are out of material. 390 one hoats on it. Pull already. If not able. That's what they're busy. They don't have time to talk to me. They're whipped up in the orphan's mouth because we asked some kind of a negative question here. Like what's disturbing to you? What fathers do you? What are you pissed off about? That's what they love here. They love negative. Yeah. Like that. Yeah. They love it. That was a matter with the panthers for quite an hour. They got to love a team out there. Go support them. I'm not going. You should live so long. I'll go to that least game on Saturday and that'll be at five five boys. Got one day to the deadline one day. Anything happened in there? No. The only thing we do know is they'll get rid of my son's because they don't want to pay in the money. Good tough. Those guy wins a lot of face off sticks a couple in the net every now and then. Good useful player out there, Mike. So long, Jeff, but they don't want to pay in the money. He'll be gone. Mark my words. By tomorrow at this time he'll be gone. Bye-bye. What are they having? Peter will run night. He had a matter of fact. Peter will always go to be there. They're going to have a special night Friday because they figure they can't be at the penguins with Mary anyway. So what we're going to do is Peter will always play all six positions on Friday. He's going to play girl. He's going to be the center and the other two forwards and play both defensive positions on Friday. The entire game against the penguins. Yeah. And then he's going to be the crap out of somebody. There he has cast boy to. It'll probably be him. They don't have math or write anymore. It'll be, yeah, cast boy at us. And the big fortune. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. See they've been trying to pedal a whole bunch of crap that you guys for years. Here's a hockey player. You believe us? Here's a robby. He's great. You believe us? That's not true. No, they don't believe anymore. They're tired of it. Even Stanley C. Panthers can pretty pissed off. Yeah. That's right. Even the notice is Taylor starting to droop the last couple of months. He's not too happy. Here's Weston. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes sir. You know, I'm Dyson Rena. I have high school hockey. And I've yelled and screamed as much as I have it any professional hockey thing. And I thought the fact the nice part about it was talking to periods and woman at the tween period, you go and watch two games and you're out of there and after the time they would go to a professional game. You don't have a bunch of crap. And you were mentioning earlier, what about those blimp that dropped the little one? Yeah, one or those things. Well, here's the history of the story. If you're not planning those kids, I'm practically very keen if I wanted to. No, I'm not. The guy who was going to say, if that amount of tenders kids, kids that they were sitting in our seats and just around me, oh, it's what on our head that dropped out. The 11 year old runs two maybe two steps down the aisle to get the, you know, get the full piece of paper. He grabbed it and I was suddenly a roving band of other kids, are kicking him and actually there. And and climbing at him and smacking him and they're laughing at him and he finally sticks with the hand up. He said, hey, you take it. It was a free pepsi from subway or something like that. You know, so you go in your risk your life for a free drink. You know, it's really, and then, but like you say, there are people there that are spending more time watching the remote control board and go around the upper floor. Oh, I listen, I got a one pound. Here's one of those hucksters from the gambling channel. They need to be a great buying opportunity. Come on, you're mad enough to step in and put somebody to the market now. Let me ask you, I hear you're in your own application this week because I've saw a lot of people here. You're working. Yeah. And you're calling, here's a guy that's got a big pyramid. I'll tell you because we're been ripping you guys in action. I have a lot of people here. You know what? And then, and this is really so too. You guys have, uh, you destroyed all of us. You're not. Now wait a minute. You are. You're a coconut spiriter and the biggest fraud in the history of the human race. First of all, I love to have a bunch of this peculiar, I listen to my old buddy Neil Rogers. Right. On the web of course. Let me say it again. You guys are a fraud. Now that having said that. Yeah, I did said. I'm only 400. I'm only 400 grand in the right on pace. I'm only 400. You know what? You can't do it. And it's amazing to me that all of a sudden this morning, even on your friends on their Mark Haynes and all these other geniuses. Now all of a sudden, those Cisco's only worth 13 bucks. Now all of a sudden you're discovering that, ah, this was all bull crap. Well, how come three months, six months ago? You didn't tell us. Let me ask you a question. You can do your homework. You do your due diligence. Did you take your risk, Lawrence? Did you take a look at what this stock was like? You know, you know, it's very interesting because I saw you yesterday. You were doing more of those interviews with some talking head. And you went through this big disclaimer about, you know, individuals had to... I saw that. Yeah, I saw that. No, but that's my question. I noticed that you're trying to like separate yourself. That's really here. It's scrambling away from all of these boxes. I'm all getting right aside. Yeah. And any of your listeners who are listening to it, who are also viewers of our, they've been done this day. The Gailman College. I'm aeration. Yeah. To the ability. And now I'll tell you what Joe Bada-Pakney says. I don't care what Abby Joseph called to. Yeah. I'm just kidding you hear any. Yeah, at least you hear stuff. You know, you are the ultimate auditor of what happens to your money. Yeah. Well, thanks. So other times, suppose to look in the mirror now and say, Oh, God, am I a moron? Is that what you're telling me? No, but the fact of the matter is, it's like going to the track. You know, I mean, you just didn't want to go to the track. I wanted safety. I wanted security. I didn't want high risk. I didn't want the tolerance. And I give me a broker that's a technical, you take a... But did you look at the fundamentals of the companies before you bought them? How can you do that when you're investing mostly in mutual funds that have got like dozens and dozens of companies in each fund? Come on, Teddy. You're ready for you now. You're going to put it on your side. You're going to give me a favor. Hang on a second. Hang on a minute. Yeah. Because I got into my break. But I want to come back to him and meet with me when I ask. I mean, he's a good guy. He's just for a cramped today. Two minutes before one is five, 60 QA and... It's so loud. It's so loud. Okay. What were you saying? I'll mention that. I think wisely. You said mutual funds. Yeah. If it is active though, you still have to take a look at these companies that were going insane with PEEs that were like quadruple or whatever. I have a... I have one garden text on that my guy got for me. One garden text on that is down 70% for one year ago. Well, I... He's turned 15,000 cash into 15,000 on paper in one year. But now how does that seem to be peaceful? Well, I'm not in a way to win. The dead part of it isn't CNBC's fault, but the fact is that I give it an example. A lot of the stocks that are in there like, and I don't have to put it this before. I have no dot coms. I have no ax genes. I have no real thing good as price line dot com for none of that. I have only outstanding sensational companies. I have Oracle. I have Cisco. I have some micro systems. I have Intel. I have Palm. And within the last three months, you've had people on your channel talking about Cisco and and son of the two best companies in the world and Cisco is this and Bappa, Bappa, Bappa, and Nokia, which I also have, by the way, guaranteed 30% increase in the next through. I don't know if nobody guarantees it. Well, the events with these people were talking about. It's different. Yeah, between what the guest is guaranteed. We don't want their guaranteed at the information. But the fact is that a lot of the guests that you people put on there and I've told to those before, a lot of these people have a vested interest, just like on that panel. People on the panel on MSNBC with bro Carl last night. These people are not there because they're trying to help us make money. These people are trying to make money themselves. These people are hype and just like we're saying before, they're the rate track towns. They're trying to, you know, feta they're on this. But you're smart enough to know that. Most people are as well. They're like, you should know that. But most people are smart enough to know that Cisco is going to go from being the best company in the world to a stock that this morning. They're the autonomous on your network. Maybe you've fairly valued a 13 bucks a share. Well, but you know what, though, as you will know, here in greed drive the market, everybody always says that. Going to greed side on the way up. We're all these people complaining them. When they were, they were, they were a little bit late, but wait a minute. That's the point. They're more complaining, but you had to say people on the promoting that this was legitimate. And you people were the ones who helped to invent this. But wait, wait, wait, wait. The whole psychology of the new economy. In other words, PE's don't mean anything. But that's what you were promoting. Yeah, except the one thing, though, and I got to tell you this, now I've had these guys on where they talk about the whole report that you've seen is nothing. The new metrics and the new metrics, which is mean by what you measure this stock, and the new product. But I don't know what kind of mail you get. We can't please anybody if you, if you put a bail on. If you put those black inside on, who's been a bear forever, and probably. But you know, so many of this is the problem. The problem is that because people have become so involved, it's become a hobby. I don't have to tell you that. that for and and like when the texting took off and all the day traders I mean your ratings were zooming through the roof the guys were joking about that this morning and now there's a human through the roof because I'm sitting here watching right now while peeing in our pants one year for a year it's ever gonna come back all of any money left but the fact is that the problem of the average smuck out there doesn't have the ability to do all the research you're talking about and and forget about the new guys within the economy even these old guys that you have on talking about support levels and talk it about the uh... it retesting the lows all of those cliches you know something it's just a bunch of ruby just doesn't amount to a hillby the fact is that we can't really go on point because you're here your list is needed here and and another one i love is capitulation when we have capitulation and we go to zero right and that's right when everybody sells every piece of stock that they got in the world then it means that it will be one of the far-right wash out if you will yeah the fact of the matter is off hitting our inside you just said all the over to my god there doesn't understand this or whatever fine but they do have to understand risk tolerance you walk in a race track you got a damage money you can afford to lose if you walk in the world up over to walk if you walk in the race track or you're a program they call a gambling to you know that i'll be into this before right who people call this investing to me and that it's a difference between investing and trading of course in the different fairies time horizon yeah trading you know these people making money of eight and fours well we're in a how about the smart ass line that markings to what the guy this morning about you know who the the guy that was trying to give a little blue sky there and talking about well you know years ago if you would have just put the money in the group companies and sat back about it and mark comes up on how about zero oxygen 18 t with all you had bookers what you lost your ass how about that well look at the changes of the country what about the history show but his point is correct and i lost twenty thousand you want to tell me your last time history shows that over the long haul stock market at the forms every other mode of investment yeah i'm not trying to sell up to you i'm just stating a fact yeah but let me ask you this wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't the average truck rather have a guaranteed seven percent in the city or sixty eight quarters of my friend i took a very substantial amount of money put into something called i and g direct i got an FDIC insurance CD you know is able to lock it in the seven a.a.a. percent well i'm not losing any money on that but i think well for one ktcg now that fifty six or forty one of the court you know well i can't help it that you work for a second rate company and i work for a good company like i do like these are the i will use for a sense of sure something be really block yeah there you go but the fact of the matter is that everybody's getting hurt and they've invested by i here and i'm not giving advice we don't give advice that i hear from people is don't do anything precipitous because there will be bounces back there was no but like even a even if it's a so called over so about or they're at bounce or technical about you know that if you would watch in this market wall that i think we'll have to buy a stomach over it i want to pick from it well and you use those opportunities to get out you sell on strength you don't sell at the bottom yeah well you say use those opportunities i bought this court forty seven i thought i was getting the hell of a deal it's nineteen bucks a share now or eighteen let me ask you question do you believe in the company sure did you feel was fundamentally this is that got a sound content like the year that all morning this morning to give it a bunch of crap about how they're out next year the projection is for uh uh the next question that your people no no no no no no no not not not not not this talking head David Faber is repeating the same information uh all your people and talking right it's being repeated with that conclusion there's nobody on our staff here who is paid to be an analyst yeah but the analyst these companies and then get on the air and it's no people what to do with the one guy that you only had the one guy and i don't know the little or twippy guy that was on there with more kines this morning talking about uh oh i'm a little bit great guy and i'm a little bit good Jewish boy he's talking about the fact is like you're saying how they good companies is so that what you worried about because if you're in it for the long haul or even just a few years uh it's gonna come back but that's it but that's history tells us and that's what you got that's what it got you're actually an 18-tintio in it was phased well it is there's a major shift in in the way the market operate at this point i don't know but if things continue in the future the way they have in the past if history repeats itself then that advice is so okay i thought you didn't like to realize lost biggest a very wise philosopher once you've that term i was there i got a little bit of a wise wise bigus and another very wise philosopher calls you a channel the gambling channel well i didn't hear that yeah that's me and if you recall it's a gambling channel instead of pretending that we're investing here then i would appreciate it a lot more than at least that no i was gambling you're a big boy now and you'll be pleased though i won sixty bucks at the track on center my whole project of regulation okay we use it well okay maria teller put on some makeup people or talk it hey well you sure thank you thanks then five more how woo 10 day from CNBC good guy would took great first names anybody know what he just said oh no i don't blame him he's a good guy and he said took a whole bunch of money and put into guarantee and the CD's a 7 and a half percent now you should be going on here on on your gambling channel 10 toning audience have too did you took a substantial amount of your money and put it in the guarantee CD and not all these uh wild investments here not all this slotted you got people on their pedaling i'm expecting run basch to come on there was one of those eight hundred numbers any second talking about you know what it's having uh uh points for it that will be next on the gambling channel you know run basch good okay these numbers got a good bookie nine minutes after one it's five sixty double to q a m you know water water could supply throughout flow to a very low why rainfall since the summer 2000 is an all-time low kind of like my investments you know remember that song by Rick Nelson my bucket got a hole in it my portfolio has got a hole in it i keep pouring more money into it and it doesn't go anywhere stays the same so help hey if you got a mint sure pick up what the fuck this mint tastes like shit yeah i had it in my ass you put the mint in your jook mother fucking son of a oh my god how's it going my name is Tim one day i got sick of people asking me from mincing gum free loaders so i started putting him in my actual ass some laughed others beat the sh** out of me whatever now you can get my ass mince wherever mincey things for anus are so oh no one thirteen and five sixty w q a m our good friend south falcon just out by woodlots of that great soul a water oh thank you sir happy poem five six seven oh five sixty pons so Ted David was on a water Ted say huh who are yeah something like that i mean he's a good guy but i was getting very defensive now and very protective of course because uh you know that's his job he works for G.E.C. and B.C. the gambling channel whatever you want intellectualized their vagus and he's trying to turn the tables a little bit and i'll look at that since our conversation and as that's coming back a little bit to end on 66 see i think we can get that sucker back up with 2000 by the end of the day that's right between him and Kurt Thomas that's right Kurt Thomas i think now ground glad you didn't forget about that because he'd be saying i should have congratulated markains and that's celebrating people with Kurt Thomas of the next i think it was part of what he said like that yeah that was good yeah that was it that was it that was it that was it that was it that was it that was it that like a uh it yeah yeah you tell i'm Kurt baby here's Pemberpine tell oh is it me it sounds like you okay got it all planned out there's got it all you know cute up screwed up so he goes boyfriend figuratively and then just he's done there for like a half a second here's a mobile and pop in or hello yeah meal yes sir the phones are all screwed up and you've picked me up twice and then put me back on hold really who's working the board the beast the beast the beast you you're talking about all the gambling that you do oh you know what this is oh no i don't want to put you back it's got them remember get all right for but we did not even funny anymore you know i'm using you know that interesting it's the uh folk folk rubber and joins again with the uh okay and that guy every day now we get to describe go get a life your terminal more than my enemy hello okay we got him today baby here's broken hello yeah yes sir you know these uh all brokers have to make these 12 months projections of what they think we're talking to be yeah mr David was real uh media uh dude they were really the media t and bc they would go back 12 months he would all these jokers said the stop for going to be worthwhile for them now they've been doing that this week they've been showing the projections from a year ago and they've been replying some of the tapes and embarrassing some of these people and they bring them on again and now they rationally and they got another story you know they always have a story well i want to see that in writing somewhere i need to see it i need to have funny guys i'm a secret call and thank okay five six seven oh five six the pound five six the on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line mobile and delrey b chalong they kneel yes sir why that you put it to uh to tell David but with all the respect i kind of think for you good luck and i i'm a secret so i want to say something you okay with all the respect i know a very good optromologist and tamarac he doesn't charge too much and you need immediately up you know i have a great eye for male female for human beauty and the real part of our model is one of the smarmi's looking little bit is i have ever seen in my life yeah i i i'm the one there is a very lucky average he wanted and this morning had no makeup on to boot so the bags and rides rod extra heavy booty so if that's your idea that you ought to be having a good time sir because there's lots of ugly people out there just like maria god how i'm in terms of i said that before you know talk about desperate they stick with anything with a screw down there like even a guy you know i haven't had things that she's really hot and he's guys that call on the afternoon when they take the phone calls oh maria you look so lovely with a yeah compared the rock compared the crack and my dog left in the backyard she don't look too bad not great but not too bad compared to that get a brawl in the back of the eyes here's my any hello yes sir hey uh one of the Chris from up for me i live like honey can't all live like four blocks away from oj yeah anyway there's this church like right down the street from me and like every week they have like a different message on their message board out front and the message this week says uh it says do you know how to make god laughs tell them your future plans and i'm not sure exactly what that means when i was wondering if it's just a good thing i know how they got life all or just got to do a drive up in front and say the sign the kill the call and your life like hell good luck to sir five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line four waterdale hello yeah sure uh you know Ted David it's fine to listen to those guys and and have them back up their hedges like they make these predictions and then they got back them up because that's their job it just sounds you know when they when they call flat in their face they can only still project a future and and and and project in their hedges and it just sounds so like they have to back themselves up because that's their job and that's what they have to do and it's over ridiculous times i've seen you know i like Ted is a good guy and he was a great job on here but he's defending the indefensible and the fact is over the past year cnbc is just as responsible for the touch they have on because they've been using the same terminology and you look economy or the economy and they've been promoting the same kind of mindset that has created this uh her bubble now that they're decrying and now that now they're starting to look like it doesn't look like they never had any pointy to it you know like all one of you know they're only uh we're just a bit of a thing around a couple minutes ago talking about the plight of Cisco and they've never had a face this before and their earnings are going to be flat for the next year and yati adi and have this big challenge three months ago they're on their tonnors it's the best company in the world and you must own it we have some money gone that everyone's losing is indefeneer well that can't happen though because uh you know i mean uh electric uh i mean it's all done electronically but it's gotta go somewhere someone that i mean it doesn't just disappear some that money's gotta be somewhere where is there was a minute you don't understand it was funny money it didn't exist oh i think we think because you what they're in fact that's why they call it a bubble that got it there was there was no such money it was just uh they were just a paper like they say right electronic uh my just their side my losses though they're only difference being that my money once upon a time was real now it's on paper i got it i'm also a piece of ticket holder the pants i'm turning in my tickets at the end of season all this like uh trying to pay into what and have all these uh appreciation days and all that crap it's all okay have a great day so the way you're painted with a fan and you put a good product out there on the ice and you know making honest effort to try to you know compete instead of making up all these stories and well the uh you know are the injuries and the listen and they got Mike Wilson back wow there you go that's fucking impediment that's moving in the wrong direction great big physical Mike Wilson but uh oh so i great big Mike Wilson i forgot about that physical park while he wasn't physical in Buffalo that he didn't there is he physical here at all he ever got to be oh no bad trade and of course now they can say well you know the moves are gone they got fired uh how about our boat tie? whoever the new owner is but that's got to be the first one to go is or a bow tie here's my knee beat fellow you know i wonder if things would pay for the trip they can he can the rope would Mike nobore yes sir you yes hey uh you know can watch out seven as like 15 to 20 on here personalities or i don't know how many they have seems like they have a lot yeah any idea like the worst paid 10 of them what kind of price range of that in a sorry any idea we're kind of price range is that it's how much money they make a year like the you know the ones that you see on your ones and a while i'm over it often eight of us yeah yes no idea not having any idea what difference was it made well because just a curious print of mine were wondering like he said they may like a you know 150 thousand a year well who's the they he's talking about who he'd be talking about you mean like actually the you follow your way to the world girl like cookies and a or somebody like a little spurkey's narray yeah how much would you pay spurkey's narray yeah that's about it for maybe a little head five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on the 18 ten and how about the ball of the cat eyes what tells you me no and little with the cat eyes or they got some of the streams just looking people on that channel have any straight guys working in low five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on the eight to end of course Rick Sanchez was there forgot about him like I said he's take I know here's broken hello yes sir no I'm sorry you know okay sorry just like you know I'm in the business for about twenty years no business is that uh the the investment business oh I'm so sorry hey just like you know uh I wish I could talk of that guy ten because they created more losers Schmendry right uh let me I don't want to bore you but uh every year but I call Joe Granville sure okay he they asked him on the early eighties and he was saying that the bear market was coming and the market was going down he was wrong for ten years they slept him out they had a guy named Michael Metz from Oppenheimer in this in the early 1990s it said sell he was wrong they had a lane-grows rally on the head this little pit sleigh come remember the guy Jimmy Rogers with the chair by absolutely by golden we're a Zena but the one thing that I wish you would have talked to them I just did that was why they ever take these guys to task they've lost millions of dollars for people yeah I just don't it I mean the best thing you can do is follow me when my dad starts by saying you know if you done your dude village and I mean if I'm gonna do my dude village I mean you need me for no that's right what do I need all these experts for what do I need Mitch Hirsch for what do I need the Abbey Joe's of shorts a co in the grub scene for what do I need all these people if what's about the average person doesn't even know how to do do diligence much less has the ability to do it you know what about because I cover your took it right that's right and that's what tell us try to do now which I feel bad about that well he's a good guy but he's amazing when I learn to say he has his money in seven and a half percent CDs yeah there's that's something huh but go out and punch and JD has uniface oh my god hey happy for him and good luck to us goodbye by no key for him please two of them five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on the AT&T and for I was one I mean what are I doing these people gonna take it out anyway these broken types like that guy that caught it in the show just like my guy oh yeah well you got to get the way thing now you got to sit tight sit tight they'll come back and then of course they don't hope it like you'll come back if it doesn't come back I'll say well you know it's never happened to fear it's my worst year and history about a real great terrific I'm real happy for it and the meantime was my 400 grand you shruck you piece of crap you phony baloney you high flyer see when I went with midchurch where he wanted to do you know this doesn't surprise a lot of people he wanted to real put out a big dog and polo show for me then I come on a hey look at all of my who this guy made he's the greatest that's what he envisioned say gonna go on with the arraggers and he was told I had a time he was told if you're a loser sky someone he's gonna rip you an ass on the air and I have every day for the last year and he's literally so but I didn't want a dog and polo show I didn't want high flyers I didn't want somebody to go out there in army 20 and 30 and 40 percent I wanted conservative I wanted somebody who was gonna guard my money like they were guarding their life that's what I wanted somebody with some wisdom somebody with some knowledge somebody who knew something and then of course I should have looked in the mirror and said to myself yeah but who turned me on to this guy Jeff Rammer oh the same guy whose brother were locked head of dream that an Arab chic bought 50 trillion shares of zero ox and well actually he bought one show he made the other who shares on a copy machine is a little scopier yeah Rammer spikty or hockey games okay Rammer spikty the freaking hockey game god see that's actually done 63 now what are we going to buy how much billions of dollars back if you got not too much you got a few shares gotta few all you just got a photo of four much on minimum wage hey yeah but you know better just the stash it away because with a big budget cuts coming around this place that 10 bucks and I was gonna go to like seven eight if you're lucky maybe yeah if you're lucky 26th yeah but all the free weekend you can do that with that tomorrow show on the weekend now with still got hey when you're buying cigars yeah let's all write up a big fat one today and honor of the market taking a big crap again they might as well you know we can cry about it and scream about it yeah it's the pressing nobody wants you hear that good but just you have to be so soft it'll come back maybe it's all morning you know we're on your way down on my desk educate you payraks and i was I was I was I was I was I was I could I have seen you in the air, the service we are. I've been back to the city of the city of the city. It's a high holiday for the Irish my friend. The same country, the Irish drums, both jambles. And when that day comes, I wish it was not in. For all past shops, do not discuss the policies. If there is no bad video news, the UK's opinion that people will not account for the future. They can see it tells you a lot about people based on the holidays and what they do. They are always drunk. That's what that expression came from. Drunk and Irishman. The jewels we eat. Every Jewish holiday has to do with eating special stuff except young kipper, which has to do with not eating. You have to eat before and after. Right. But I mean even the basic premise of not eating has something to do with eating. So that's where you know, five jewels that's where we came from as opposed to like, Drunk and Irishman. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 8 and the forbidden agreement. I forgot about them. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello. Hey, I just wanted to know if you could be. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Better to be safe. Okay, pal. You want to know. Yeah. Here's the cross-playing. Hello. Yeah, I knew. Yes, sir. Ted David was right in one thing in terms of look at the history of the market. If you were invested in 1929. Three years for the market to reach its low. And then it took until about 1959 to come back to the level it was in. Well, it was in accurate. That's only 20 years. Well, whatever they don't, somebody don't have 20 years. Exactly. My point when they say buy and hold what's your horizon. Yeah. They just don't tell you what you should be holding. Yeah. Well, in 1929, RCA was a great company. And everybody was buying RCA. Like it was Cisco. And it was in until 1961. That RCA, when the color TV came out, got to reclaim its market value. Yeah, that's right. That's only 32 years. Like I said, I don't have 32 years. My point. Uh-huh. Hey, Karen, you don't. Okay, good luck to us. Buy and hold it. Buy and hold it. 560, 50560, pound 560. They're the bottom line of this. This is the one true thing you will live here. There is in any of these people. It's got the foggy inside you with their talking about. Not a single one. None of them. And of course, just like racetrack couchs or these gambling Touts that come on there. And as part of their job, it's going to be part of their act. They have to sound very authoritative. And they have to have a lot of mental charts. They're, and they're showing all the graphs. And here's the support levels. And they're like this like this morning. Key support level based on what? Based on what? And then I still have that one. We have to retest the lows. Why? Why? Have we already been low enough? I haven't even yet. Oh, we got to retest the lows. There's no rationale for this. No rationale whatsoever. But anyway, have a good time. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And for why is the wireless line? Here's a mobile and public pun, hello. Neil, happy belated for him. Thanks. Neil, I updated. I'm an investment advisor. I really admit I don't have a damn clue of that. Yeah. Now, having said that, see, here's the problem. Diaries say, the number one is, you know, if you have a 20% upside bread, bread, the profit, an 8% loss, get rid of it. You can never get hurt that badly. But what happens is, these guys where we sell you the set, you know, way, they're worried you to come back. That's outside of a plan that you should have. You should have a stop loss. You take your loss like a big boy and you walk. You take your profit and you walk like a big boy. What's the profit? What profit? What profit? Well, I'm saying at least, what's better? What's worse, taking an 8% loss, taking a 20% loss? So in other words, you're suggesting out of taking, with the losses, 400,000, or loss I've got now? I don't know what your position is. I don't think that if you add a position as per on at this point. If you add system that says, look, I will take no more than 8% loss. And I'm out of that stop. You take your pumps and you go. Okay, now you may be sitting with a 20% or 30% loss. And now you've got to have a huge upside slain to make the money back. They're just the believe in that. Right. That's correct. So I mean, this is the problem with most of those guys. And just remember one thing, brokers get paid whether you buy any of your selling. That's what I've said. That's what I've said. They don't care to the extent that they would like to make you some money. So they can use you with a reference and throw it and say, hey, look at all the money. And especially somebody like me who's on the radio or the big mouth, you know. Yeah. And remember all these guys that are grew roots that are on television that most of these guys want to score for one thing, journalism. They didn't go to school to be an economist. Right. So, you know, what I call, what I call my clients is you're going to read the papers. And that's the funny papers because all they want to do is play on your promotions. And what you got to do is, I'll tell you one thing. My guy is so great. I'm not sure she has never, they're doing those because I had the bad luck. They're getting in up with him a year ago, which is right when the NASDAQ was 5,000. And here we sit one year. Yeah. Here we sit a year later, taking it up my old, you know. That's a good thing. I'm going to go back to the college. I think you'll be better. So, I finished mom saying, you know, I'm not sure. I had no time along the way. Has he ever said to me, sell anything at no time. Never. Well, then I would get him a big two, but preparation is up to Big E and L. I'm waiting to happen. Okay. Have a great thing. 560, 5056, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Wine. Here's a mobile and broker. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. You get the mail right on the head. Have you noticed what upset the raw street guy and the most of brokers is when you call a gambling? They can understand it when you're... But that's exactly what it is. You know, it's so clear. And other words, an investment is something that you sign a piece of paper and it says, what you're going to make. Has a broker ever put him writing what you're going to make in the market? No. Of course not. I mean, they just said, so obvious, if you went to the GOT-CD and the banker said, well, well, last 20 years, you'll make a set of... Well, I mean, not only that, but this business about doing do diligence and then when I hit Ted with that business about mutual funds, you know, how do you do diligence, even if your broker sends you a list which they will, if you want them to, of all like stocks that were in the mutual fund, how do you do diligence on 100 stocks, if you're not even stocking it? And just because it's made money all 20 years or I don't care if it's made money all out 100 years, it's not that bad. It's guaranteed it can make money that year that it's gambling. Right. It's a simple as that. Okay, Neil, that's it. Good luck to all of you to track. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, it relies a lot of time. He was at least we're losing together, you know, because the, right? That make it feel a lot better? No. This is 560, 2AL. Hey, I'm not put the pamphleters are, that is. What the hell those are baseballs that are beginning? What are you going? We have some business to attend to call the budget of the United States. The blueprint I submit this week contains a little more than inflation. We're going to run out of health care, education, defense, and fast. That would be a good worry to have. Everybody pays income taxes, we'll receive a joint, and nobody will be targeted out. The typical family will get about five hours in tax relief, and that's real money. Thank you for listening. And you're welcome. 141 at 560 WC, we got hand-stated by a two-less stay two. We'll be on a two-clock. Drive spell from 660 or the good time to have dinner tonight. If you want 650, got more on John Druck, and then at 705, the more on the three-wheels, any K, we'll try to follow that. Won't be easy. What the hell happened there doing in break? You know, I was just going to eat million people on there, like most of them. Yeah, they're in a big hurry. Trying to call that broker. 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T, and Verizon line. Here's a call from Braden, can you? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to make a comment on your poll for today. I'm a professional truck driver. I called you before. Redneck truck driver from Braden. I think, personally, in my line of work, the old people and the drivers are the one in the same subject. Oh, I'll tell you what, man. But nothing more noise me than trying to drive behind some old, decrepit old fart hardly walk a little on drive, only the set of knuckles on the steering wheel. I'm down there. I'm down there. That's a major pain to butt for a driver. Yep. I do care about the school's minor, two young to be in school yet, but my vote for today was for the old people. The old drivers. Yes. Okay, pal. Hey, take it easy. Good luck to you. You'll need a bye-bye now. Okay. 560, pound 560, how's that pull coming? A lot of votes, man. I'm proud of the 75, which is a lot to vote for. That's ridiculous. 475, which of those disturbs you the most about South Florida? Well, it's not the bogus because you know that top for category. That's the one that gets all these people hysterical. People who can't afford to pick English, 154. Oh, people, 132. Oh, that was cool. 73 of the driver's 72, crime only 44, 44. Now we look at about crime. We don't have any crime down here. You know, little few shootings stuff like that. But it's those people I want speaking with, shuntown you man. A pupil here, our psychotic over that. They're pissed off and fired up. They're forming it to mouth about it. Even I'd got there in Bokus, a psychotic. Here's Cooper City, hello. Hi, hello. Neil. Good listen to you for 25 years. Not continuously, but I, you know, almost. Yeah, I have a little observation. It isn't going to help you, but I think the thing that really pisses me off about this whole stock buying deal is that you can try to computer to tell you when to buy a good stock. I mean, this doesn't take a stock broker with any brains. This is really a simple deal. What people need is not somebody tell them what stocks to buy is somebody to tell them. You can't tell them what you're doing. Well, when they're the comment that you made was ridiculous, you can't try to computer to tell you when to buy a stock. You can tell, yeah, you can. No, you can't. You can try to tell you which stocks to buy. And you can, you can pretty well now down it to when to buy it. But what, that isn't what people need. Absolutely incorrect. Well, people need it. Somebody has no, there's absolutely no way that anybody could have envisioned when Cisco got authority of 45 bucks. There was going to go to 18 or 19 bucks. Computer person, nobody could have known that. Nobody. No, no, no, I'm not saying that. I'm saying that. What are you talking about? There's a proper time to buy stocks and there's a proper group of stocks to buy. Depending on what your objective are. And you can try to computer to bring those stocks up to see for a while. I want to tell you something. Okay, because I've been watching this for the past year very closely and you wrong. These people on Ted David's channel, they're on his gambling channel. One day they're on there and they're screaming, oh, it's the, the immediate stocks. Oh, my God. These are the dolings. And then I'll all whipped up and they're getting all recommended by a Smith morning and this one and that one. Two days later, and all of a sudden, like, you know, advertising revenues up projected way down and the same media stocks that I went selling up post three, four, five percent two days before, they're all taking a big deal. Actually, actually, I'm not really in with you. No, you're not. You're making ridiculous statements about you can try to computer it. It takes stocks that are not correct. Well, you need what people need. It's something to tell them what stocks to buy. What is the only thing that you're doing? Is that the one they're doing? That is who they are. They're money. Not, not double talk like you're giving me. You don't have any idea what you're talking about. None. They need investments that are guaranteed and are safe and secure. Those are investments. If you want to play, if you don't have a bookie and you're boarded up or maybe the bookie doesn't pick it up action for her, here's all the action in the role that's called the stock markets, gambling, pure and simple. Anybody who tells you anything else who pretends that it's investing is a mother-ish-mucking I'll tell you that right now. It is gambling. Pure and simple. Some people get lucky. Some people get buried. Whatever. It's gambling. Now if you know that up front, if somebody sits in our senses, okay, look, you could lose your ass here. If you want to say, if I can give you a safety, I could earn a whole lot, but at least it's to go and take it. And then you choose. As a vote, they have some fake who take all your life savings that you've worked for eight million years for. And then just, well, I double it out of the day on ChippeExide did this. I did that and just go nuts. You know, like a kid to lose in last day, because it's, you know, the slum machines with your money. He's got nothing loose, not his money. Here's Miami. Hello. Here. Yes, sir. Hey, how are we going? I got a little story of how screwed up the day County Public Schools are. Oh, why is she the school teacher, right? And last week, there was a little girl collecting money for a teacher that was pregnant to buy her a gift and all this. And they got caught by the principal, the principal, the principal, the principal, the send them for five days. So what? So, collected money and it was not approved by the principal, to collect the money. Yeah. So, we before last, a little kid got suspended for five days for threatening the teacher. He wrote on a piece of paper that he was going to kill her unborn child. He was going to rip the baby off and kill it. And the principal's excuse on this was, well, at least he took his anger out and wrote it down, so we're only going to suspend him for five days. There you go. Yeah. Good thinking. You can use a little running anyway. Yeah. And the teachers still have to teach the child in the classroom. Great. I'm believe it. We're like he was sure. Thank you. Okay. Bye. Hang in there. Why the only, you know, the education and crappy schools, only 76, only 15%. They don't care about that. They're more concerned about people who are not speaking in less. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. We got 70,000 open lines. You're 12 minutes to go. We're going to make it till 2. I sure doubt it, boy. It's been a real rocky day today. Just like ice cream, rocky road. A real rocky road. What I was covered behind me. It's over that positive. It's here to give me like a, I'm like in Kohan. Come with you that positive. So, Brad, I love that the positive of the sausage is very good. But like, you know, four of, I'm not so four people would be good, but nothing for six is a little bit too much. I had to throw half of that out and throw away too much. And then they answered the salad, the beast is still, he still tried to make a recovery from that. We're not sure what his low point was today. Coming in with his porn system, the way it was, or the answer is salad. They have been it. We'll take a poll on that tomorrow. Here's Tamarack, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I got some free tickets. You go to the Patrick games. There was a first time when I was at the Santiago of the stadium, the Charlotte Panthers. I got two free tickets. I called you and never take it. It's your McDonald's, I'm not a couple of orders. And they told me they were so out. They weren't so many other tickets. Meanwhile, I wanted to gain one of the tickets. What game was this? It was the one they played blue jackets, just like that. I thought they were game wasn't so about that. 12,000 people there. They, they were messing up. What was not? Was it because I haven't had a salad all year. How could they get them been sold out? They wouldn't sell me another ticket, you know? They wouldn't sell me another ticket. That's the end of the practice for me. Okay, great. Thanks. Thanks for making that one up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Probably a blue jacket. Probably doesn't claim to be a boyfriend. So I'm going to be like, This is 5, 60. You way out. My position. The Neil Roger show. You'll support radio. 5, 60. You pay. And... I could never get my baby boy to drink his milk. Sometimes he goes with I would forget. And I started to worry about his health. So I asked my doctor what I should do. He suggested I try orteam. It's the most active that a kid here really went out of vitamin The ground bone needs. And a flavor that'll make him want more. Just dab a little orteam on your breasts and rock your guy. I like mom and son. We little animals. Time for you to go to school. That's enough. Have a good day, honey. Oh, hey mom. See you. Thanks, all afternoon. 1, 5, 50, 30, 5, 60, I forget. I forgot Saturdays that big in the least in the Panthers. That's what I'm going to. With my maple leaf jack. Probably could use a roll line two season for that. A little bit of build up for those Panthers. I think it's a good day. I think it's a good day. I think it's a good day. Yeah, it'd be about 8 to 1. I think I'm certainly. What do you mean we looked like that? You came from down to another against Panq. The other night, I saw that maple leafs. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. We're going to play with the game. No, no. I hope not. Here is a candle. Come back to Ted and Paul Street. The analist that you mentioned briefly. Just like the best record that any analist has for guessing correct. Let's put it this way. 10 times a year. You're going to go up with 50%. You should be right. 5 out of 10. The best analist on record can do that 5.25 times. It makes you think that all the statistics, the statistics, the drawing is hopeless. Furthermore, you should be careful, especially when CNBC comes up with a start. Some of these stock brokers are telling us the starting to be a starting of Wall Street. The last starting of Wall Street cost $1,500. It was a company called Cascade International. They had a guy on every morning from one of the local brokers house in New York. He told us that every day for about two months. Right now they're looking for the Hungarian fellow who was supposedly well he left, I guess, some of the people who came up with a good board. It is the end of the day.