Help me. As your community might advance in 5-60W PLAF, want you to know what's happening all week long. I'm here in Miami. Starting this Saturday, the retard berate, sponsored in life by the Miami City Commissioners, and become a sacrifice at Kylo Joe as angry humans offer you what the jupel opera. The laugh at the homeless toy, featuring misery, starvation and other melty, under the 395 overpads, a rife that finally end from the burned out session as it would be seen. Don't miss the Miami-Days Police Bravo Fest benefits and the grand opening of the new snack addict, Mepadolton, all this is more in the bedroom town of Boil. It's been great to be in my home. No, Bluffer Minds, minutes and morning of another very important anniversary. Today, I guess, three years at Kylo M, because I guess the first show was on December 30th, the three years ago, three years. Well, it seems like what? 20, 30 years? It seems like a lifetime. Although studios aren't going to be ready. Yeah, right. Shibreings back a lot of memories. All of them bad. Real bad. Last minute running around. Oh, did the equipment come in yet? From Philadelphia to that overlaided. Use crap come in from, yeah. Cartons coming in downstairs. George Corso running around like, oh, gee, I got to come in and work again. Remember that day we couldn't get on the ear and he didn't want to come over here, because, well, this car was in the shop. Things like that. See, I shouldn't be thinking back on all that stuff and it's all bad. Let's move forward, not backward, bluff. Jesus, correct what that was wrong with you, man. Good luck this instant. Yeah, get off of that crap. Or take some vacation. Anyway, some interesting facts to this morning. First, to our poor from yesterday, a big response, especially considering nobody's in town. Which best described soft Florida, which of these phrases, find out yesterday that my aunt in hell and there with her $45 trillion that she votes on our poor every day. How do you like that? That was a shocker. Read it. But at any rate, which best described soft Florida, third world banana republic, five hundred seven out of 800 and two, 63.2%. Say this is a banana republic. And all you can say is, and still, we'll make the rest. Outdoor funeral parlor 110, 13.7% outdoor funeral parlor. Oh, it's reloading one moment please. Of the bush league, 100, that was my vote. Four and a half percent. A tropical paradise only 85, only 10 and a half percent, far in a way, the lowest of the category choices that we gave. A tropical paradise. So 10% of the people out there, ignorance is bliss that, you know, sums them up very well. And the other 90% of the people are sharp enough to realize that we got some real problems here. You know what I mean? The blue blue like that. But anyway, get to the good news. The facts is, oh, and also thanks to Mark VanderMir, great guy, thanks to Pete Leonard to Pete Lenny. He came in with a nice check for Planned Parenthood, and Mark VanderMir, voice of the Huracones, came through with a big fat one and a check too. Thanks Mark, what a good guy. Well, there's a guy he could never, ever when he left Massachusetts. He could never respect it, come down here what he was getting into, come into this place. Wow, I'm not just talking about this area, but this station. And he's a good Dutch boy to top it all off. So also believe, and the Donkavail and the have a great life mark. He'll be on the air, by the way, the champion of Huracone basketball. And we got some big stuff for what. And you thought that Lehigh game was big the other day. Kim Bo Kamper for Hank between two and the 345, and then Huracone warm up the 345, Tennessee Martin Skyhawks at the Huracones basketball to Miami Arena at four of the champion. And then you got your guilty on game night at six, Panther, preview at seven, the new regime. It's not really a new regime, it's temporary. These guys in the morning, are they stupid or not? Jesus, God. One day, let's take a poll on that. Who's the less who the most clueless, Greg Co. Texas at the Huracone BFO. BFOs under his boy. Oh, but the professor, the old professor, Larry Anav, I mean, doesn't he, yeah, he sucks. He comes in at this morning during one of their breaks, after I went in there and pounded under window again, giving him a look like, are you crazy? When he was sucking up the bow tie. So it comes in at this boy. Oh, you mean the old professor didn't have a name, but he said, he says he used to be great. I said, yeah, Johnny Bauer used to be great. Two, that was 40 years ago. Beful. Poor BFO. He just lived in the past while those old race tracks, Dumbledubums, you know, it's living in the past, talking about races that happened 40 years ago. Bucky Dale by 10 lengths with Francis, so here, but anyway. So here's a couple of facts. First, let's get to the good one. Well, actually they're both good. And it's a copy of a letter that somebody sent to the Heel. See, people keep sending letters to the Heel, the most anxious anti-Semitic obnoxious virulent newspaper in the history of the human race, thinking that they're going to publish letters, anything that's supportive of me in response to Kevin Bastard obnoxious column a few days ago. Topical radio is hardly the talk of this now. See, the Heel tried their best before I redistffected. They tried their best with a fan. They thought that was their one best shot to destroy me and Hank in this whole radio station. Did it work? No, don't look like it. WAFN sports leaves the year on Monday Spanish religious programs begin. They're doing what you're looking at. They're dying over there. They're dead. Stick a fork in him as somebody I know would say. They've heed done. The fan. But they gave him front page coverage. They gave him a 750-part series with very jackass to suck it up. So heavy duty that is big fat chip munk cheeks almost inverted. And they still couldn't find an audience. And they're still going out there. And they still couldn't pay the help. And everybody bailed out in their own Spanish religion starting on Monday at 1990 on the ballot or whatever it is. But they thought that if they could just build them up. Oh yeah, people were just die for alternative like that. Now also they put this Kevin Bass that up to write in this stupid puppy's about. Oh yeah, well, we really need topical talk again. If we could just put somebody really serious on the year, we'll get that whole packet off the year. You know, we'll give them some competition. You guys just don't get it. You don't get it over there at the hero. People laugh at you all over the world. They laugh at you. Anybody that has ever even read your rag wants is on you immediately. It's not sooner. You're very lonely anti-Semitic rag. Anyway, so somebody sends this letter. It says talk radio through out America seems dominated by poppist means spirited conservatives. Therefore, it's refreshing to relocate my immune and counter-sum is somewhat as lively and refreshing as Neil Rogers, whom I've never called but listened to ardently. Of all the local media of sample, they show seems to most accurately take the pulse of the Miami I'm discovering. I particularly enjoy those stupid songs with struck me as the radio equivalent of political cartoons or Saturday night live skits. If you have any quarrel, if I have any quarrel with the show, it's with the callers who generally are less than still are in articulating their views. Remember, for great talk, it takes two to tangle and in Rogers case, all two off and the callers are not in the same league with the host writes Chris and Miami. Thank you, Chris. You think they're going to put that in the paper? Oh, just like they didn't put Harvey from shit one. Apparently the fan is already gone. It's already gone? That's what I'm hearing. It's already Spanish religion, Gucci Gucci. Oh no. What are all the young sports nerds around here going to do? All the young degenerates drugs. What we know of that? Drugs are a eggnog, one of the other. You know something, I saw Tommy in the hall this morning. He just told me he is so embarrassed over the fact that we got sales people come up and here on the third floor, look into by drugs. He just mortified by that because he says if they keep getting it, it's going to be less for him or something like that. But he's just embarrassed and humiliated. And so are the rest of us abstaining people who are nauseated by the fact that some of our folks down there in the sales department just can't get their guy damn ass in line. Cut the crap guys. So it's a great day for the Irish unless your name is Murray. Oh, take it right now. And you'll notice I don't want to get back onto that too heavy duty again here. And there's 80 billion tickets left for the playoff game tomorrow. The dolphin game that's going to be blacked out. I'd be in my car right now hidden for Fort Myers. We'll get some of our good friends from Fort Myers to call them with the names of some sports bars. We can go over and pour down 40 or 50 or 100. Rue's while you're watching at the game between the dolphin and the coast. Blacked out. And I got a facts about that from listeners in New Mexico. No less. We'll get to that. How young is too young. ficou HY目 He's in swell Alive Whun old or HE's gone And we're still here, year later we're still here. All those silly people back here were going with this time. Oh, what do we got to do with the sky's falling? And it's at first of all, I had the wrong year. Don't confuse him with the facts, but that's beside the point. We got to move a little bit of time. Now we can do it right Sunday night. So here's a facts from Cindy and Nancy. It says, my coworker and I whom both grew up in South Florida, our listener, you're sure by the internet out here in the enchanted land of New Mexico. And decided it was our civic, the yesterday we had a facts from Sweden and today New Mexico, we're really moving up in the world now. The decided it was our civic duty to reply to your comments and why any professional sports event, especially the dolphin game would not be sold out. Unfortunately, the average American family would be hard pressed to spend 64 bucks at ticket, plus parking in an exorbitant cost of a beverage snack and still be able to pay the rent at the beginning of the month. Just to contribute to the molten millionaire drug addicted wife girlfriend beating killing spoiled rotten overtest. In fact, an immature overgrown three year old and the owners are continued to support these lovely habits. Things were different when the ticket prices were 8 to 10 bucks and we didn't routinely hear about the players being arrested for rioting misconducts. It isn't really difficult to explain the problems of society when we're willing to pay these people what they're paid, but can't seem to find the resources to pay a police officer or a teacher and acceptable salary. Except the being one that would afford them the luxury of being able to attend a professional sports event such as the dolphin game. Also, why would someone feel compelled to support a team that may end up moving halfway across the country when they don't get their new stadium, such as with the case with a formerly normal Los Angeles rants, editor of the Baltimore Colts used in the Royal Assembly with Cardinals, etc. Paying speed of free to use any of my comments on your show, however I doubt you will do so because I'm sure this is not what you want to hear. Science Cindy and Nancy, they got her last names on here from New Mexico. Now why would they say that? It's not what I want to hear. They don't get it. Like most of the audience, they don't get it. Am I chewing people out because of the fact that they're not subsidizing sports teams? Oh, did I read Max Castro's part of it twice on a year this week from the Harrow, this great column about there's more important things than building stadiums in arenas and going to supporting sports franchises? The only reason I mentioned the fact that they got 12,000 non-sold tickets for the game tomorrow is first of all to play off game, and secondly, it just just continues to show you what a bush league town is. But it's whether it's a civic event, whether it's politics, elections, no matter what it is, this town doesn't support anything. So I haven't at least Cindy and Nancy, you missed the point. I know if not really a big deal, I don't know that a dolphin game or any of the sporting event isn't sold out, but it's just symptomatic of an illness that runs rampant through this town. There's no passion here for anything. Whether it's serious, super-cellious, you name it. There's just no passion. How about some pre-tickets? Oh, that business here yesterday, that was just, um, I mean, don't get me wrong. I enjoy it. I love it. All you massacists out there. Oh, come on, you know, we know your hide-and-sand tickets. Yeah, how come we can't give away all these? I mean, this is the dolphin station, you know that we got a bunch of dolphin cults of playoff tickets, stashed around all over this place. Wave Perry's probably got him stuck in his echo under his armpit, all over the place. There they're laying on a floor in a hallway. We got so many. I think we have a tunnel for that micron PC bulb. Oh, that's too late. Oops. Yeah. So here's our poll today for the over the weekend, something for you to chew on over new years weekend. The biggest problem with South Florida, this is picking up kind of like a sequel to the one from yesterday. The biggest problem with South Florida is crooked politicians, apathetic citizens, too many refugees or too many old farts. What another sensational poll by yours truly, if I do say so myself. The biggest problem with South Florida is crooked politicians, apathetic citizens, too many refugees or too many old farts. So I had an interesting episode happening to me yesterday. I just mentioned this in passing. You were here. You observed that one of our sales holes I don't want to mention Todd Rekha on the year came in here. I'm giving me a big song to dance about some spots you want me to do on the year for. And I agreed but it wasn't just the fact that he was like putting the old squeeze on in a big pressure. But the fact that he's become a little bit too chummy. You know, I'm talking about, and it no, when we got out there in a hallway and Bluff came out and was looking into conversation. And at that point when I had agreed to do the spots, which means a lot of money in the Todd Rek's pocket, a lot of commission. And he became so euphoric that it kind of like reached out and like started to give me a squeeze. And I said, don't touch. Don't touch. Now, this is a topic that for whatever reason that just fits my mind because many times I've, oh, with A and W was what I was trying to think of before Joe A and W. With the curb service. Yeah, A and W drive through. But at any rate, that's it. It's just popping my mind. It's like one of those things you're trying to think of. And then like in the middle of the night, you wake up. Oh, yeah, it was A and W whatever. Not a W root beer, but the A and W fast food stands with a mama bird, where the Papa burger and all that those other things. Isn't that right? I've got you didn't think of it like four in the morning. No, called me up. No, it's important stuff. So it's right here in the middle of the show. So anyway, I mentioned Todd Rek, you know, starting to give me a big squeeze. And I don't know about you, but there are different kind of people now. There are most people who know me would probably say, although they wouldn't say it to my face, they probably would say, oh, that knee, oh, he's a cool fish. He just not, uh, he's not a warm guy. Which means that they probably just have never gotten close enough or they just don't look too good. But they rate. No, no, seriously, there are there are those people. Touchy, feely people I call them. I don't like touchy, feely people. I don't like people who gratuitously. And I shouldn't say it on like people because they will get Georgian in this again. And I like George, but it's, you know, it's ripped George weak anyway. He's navigation. But he is one of those people who is, especially if it's a female, but not necessarily. It runs up to people if he hasn't seen them in like more than 10 minutes. And hugging and squeezing, see to me, I just, uh, I just don't get that. You know what I'm talking about? Now are you like that? Are you like, um, no, no. Most people are not. I mean, I could imagine if it was like an old friend I hadn't seen in 20 years or something. Or I'll give you a classic example when I'm in check. When I met what's his name from, uh, used to be Rocky H. River Rio, Steven Bauer. You know, Rocky H. River Rio from, uh, K. Posse USA or Steven Bauer. Same guy. What? James is named to protect the innocent. Well, then I need to write. I had talked about him on the year for a long time because he used to be looking really good back in those K. Posse USA days. But he's from here. And he began listening to the show. So I met him at a panter game years ago at the old Miami Arena. I'd never seen a guy before my life. And when we were introduced, we both like gave a big hug like we were long lost best friends. Don't ask me why, but it was spontaneous. And he's a pretty good guy. It's by his drug problems. He's a good guy. What? But that's just not common place for me to do that. For example, when we had the thing, it'd to teach a lot that night. Okay? Now, everybody who came up to the table, who was known to us. I'm not talking about listeners, but George immediately came rushing out from behind the table and squeezing and hugging and dancing like Arthur and Katherine Murray or Brian and Terry Murray, you saw that you were there. Oh, yeah, I don't do that. I mean, when we're all leaving, and I gave a Janina little kiss on the cheek at night. Nice to see you. But I'm just not one of those people. If I saw you yesterday, there isn't any need for me to come up and give you a big squeeze in a hug. In fact, if I come up to you and give you a big squeeze in a hug, I start getting nervous if I were you know what I'm talking about. Because when I do that, it's usually meant with the tremendous emotion and something in mind. Right. Believe me, I can become very emotional, but only of the proper circumstances with the right people, which we don't have any of those people in this building. Sorry, Miguel. But we just, they're not here. No, not even Miguel. But you know what I'm talking about? I find that just, it leaves me cool. Because you can only feel that strongly about so many people unless you just madly and love with the human race. Unless you love everybody, you know what I'm talking about. And that's not even as bad as the Todd Greck squeezing, saging that he does. No, because I mean, I don't dislike him. He's come a long way. He's almost the human being now. Especially compared to the rest of the crowd on their own sales. But he's just, he's not somebody that I want to squeeze in hug and touch. I don't want to touch him. Take his hand. Sure. Happy holidays. Have a great life. Get away from me fast. But I don't want to touch him. And the touchy, feeling crowd, man, those people, I just, oh, I run. I just run away. People that you barely even know and are hugging and squeezing. I just go touch something, go and pet your dog. Go touch a blow up dog. Just don't touch me. If I want to touch you, believe me, I'll let you in. Of course, the people that I do want to touch most of them, they're smart enough to stay very far away. Anyway, I just make sure that in passing, it's something we never talked about on a show on it. Just had that episode with Todd Reckers. They don't touch me, Todd. Stay away. You're okay. I'll do your spots. Don't touch. What about fat boy? What about him? You want to touch him? Just be happy. He's not like that. First of all, he can never get close enough to touch. How could you give that a hug? But you'd like to try to hug my rush more. It's got a kind of hard to get a grip on it. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. I do a meal. Happy New Year's Sir. Same to you. It's a great day in South Florida. It looks like both of these teams are going to self-fullust any wants. The Murray's a gun. The dolphins are blacked out. Yeah. And the Murray's back. Yeah. And I think it's a great day, Neil. Have a good holiday. Okay. Happy circus, too. There's a guy with some needs and serious help. And I've got to play a lot of stuff today because it is our last show of the year. It's our third anniversary of QA, which of course has no significant at all. And of course we got the Bruins game that I'm going to go to the game. I think I'm thinking about it. Now that we got rid of the Murray's, I think I'm going to just give me one game of boycotting and they blew the whole organization out. See that? I'll take full credit for it. Yeah. And believe me, I don't want to give you any hints, but there are stories that there are a lot of players on that team who are just kissing the ground. That TM is gone. They are just delirious that he's gone. He did him like poison. Greg Coat Taxi over to Harold. I want to say this. That's a match made in heaven. He wrote a column of so stupid this morning that I only have wasted time reading from it or talking about it. I just want to make sure that he understands that I did read it and believed me. It's so typical of you. He got no clue. You're cool. And you work for the perfect newspaper. You and the Harold, those stop missing a glimpse of your match made in purgatory. Greg Coat Taxi. Coolest. Here's a mobile and boit in V. Chillow. Hey Neil, happy new year. Same to you. A couple of things. Number one, I agree with you. There is a very little cash in the city of Miami. Oh, grown up here in my whole life. This place is called as an iceberg and it's part of all day of warm weather. I know. And the other thing is I, on your path, I think you should add all of the above. Never that's no fun. We want to put people on the spot. Make them, you know, come up with one. It's kind of hard to come up with. I know that's the idea. That's why they're like, you know, put their mind to work a little bit here. Okay. Well, it's happy. And I'll have an end of the same to you, sir. Not something we don't have any calls from four miles with some sports bars over there in the West Coast. I'm sure we got a lot of people tomorrow morning and Brighton early going to be heading out of the old Hershey highway across the alley to try to find a sports bar place that can hang out and see that all thing game because it will be blacked out tomorrow. You can bet your bottom dollar on that. And for our lady friends out there in New Mexico, it's not a big deal. Not the end of the world, but just it just adds. I mean, we just had the election embarrassment and the alien embarrassment and the crappy schools and the kids go to schools and closet up and without textbooks and without computers and all the other things. And the back door deals with the crooked politicians. And so here's just one more chapter in a very sad tale. 1031-560 QAM 560-70560 pound 560 under AT&T wireless live. We're taking your quest. We're playing the best in the year and we're having one heck of a day. I'm up up the loft! Hey, sounds that you hate. All I'm in here is, and I think they're really great. I doubt that you can't say the one or two. Much less or eight. A sound that you hate. Ramen from the boys they will show it to them. But wait. Until you are there, you're in danger. Whaaah! All I think is a ramen blackboard. People packed their next door, they're nothing. When I arrived, I will both together. That just makes me shit. Hey, sound you can't say it. Which you could tolerate if you were half the man I am. And to the red survey, I'm broken and I'm scraping on a plate. scraping on a plate. scraping on a plate. Here's one I really love. You might want to try it. Give me feedback in my headphones. Oh yeah, that's more like a little nipple. Little ball of a little bit. Hey, sound so unique. Now, let's review so you can really, really free. You should go now, sign up. When people packed their next door and up, they're nothing. Well, I'm not gonna die, I'm gonna fall together. Call the names me Chuffle. I like Banu's secret and I get bored. Waiting in a room and a window. It's just a feeling my mower. That makes me crazy, no. My voice is in a regular ha ha. You said to hold on for a child. It's easy to give you the shiver. And they do all I know. Hey, you don't have to double twice the fourth like this. Oh, that's not enough. Yeah, I'll do it again. Next, do you have an over-system web? How about the squeaky-whiting window? I'll act my next. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. The play was not from it. Oh wait, I got one more. Mr. Elbowd Dean, presents me hours of taking a dump. Oh, when I like to prove it's right to keep it straight as one of the people I go, I give me a plan, extra biting of food I enjoy. Oh, I had like cool tricks today. I knew. Who is going to be close right through? Oh, right. It also has to have a few pictures that grow your life at the ground. But that I truly enjoy is the luxury of bathroom acoustics. I always keep a carry-of-efficient nearby. This way I can enjoy the acoustics when they sing. I'm fine. I can call them and clap and feel them spewing and spain and strain in my heart. Don't care if it's real or not, but so when you have to unite, don't hold it as it is. When they start to act, you'll be the only person who is not right for me. So if you're excited, you'll be the only one who can help me. That's the best piece. I don't know what to write. I don't know what to write. She can write her room and do what you like. She can do her own high heels with thick face high and tight. You'd like her who didn't know what she had a little bit. Steak about right the child, because she's always the color of me. And the colors we stand between the moon and the sun. So if you're a little check-mess the car will be the sun. So call it your water if you can't hear the heat. So grab my little bit behind but she's always the color of me. She can't hear the heat. So grab my little bit behind but she's always the color of me. She can't hear the heat. So grab my little bit behind but she's always the color of me. So grab my little bit behind but she's always the color of me. So grab my little bit behind but she's always the color of me. So she's watching the time. She can cure all the prisons with guns and effects. And the face high and easy high, both and the wets shine. While your front face and tabloids she's on her shopping, you'll free. They will hurt her first fat to her but that's not a lie. Just call her old and be me. You know I'm as the staple of MSNBC news. And now the long way to see these here. The Ramsay sings their favorite beach boy. Well we're not riding but we killed our daughter and added up money to ride the authorities with fancy leftovers. We choose to shine to kill a dead. And the nose to shall be don't know who crack the skulls can do in our room. I shall rather go to the flesh in the love room. And this ticket for the fly. Accept us. Not much time. You know friends. Long next mid-time. You get faster. My bitch won't. Yes, it's so rambly. Sing in their favorite beach boy hit. Now available from guilty pleasure records. My dad, not me all the time. He makes him when he comes up. When I went to the gym and he was a high-tech kid. But my daddy, I want to earn my dad a meal. I was a bit ugly. It's got a meery arm in the sky. My mom's a hard-to-know. He beat me and beat me through that air mouth. And I'm so heritage-y. He's a piano, so so powerful. So they're gonna make him go. My dad, not me all the time. He beat me through that air mouth. He's a hard-to-know. You're living in a planet. But my dad, not me all the time. But my dad, not me all the time. Listen to me, it's just stand-by-one's keep a sofaking. And it's stand where everything is out to the high sofaking standards. The selection isn't just huge, it's so fucking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And so fucking surprises aren't just low, they're so fucking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say so fucking as a beautiful store, I mean so fucking beautiful. And I can't grab a helpful, I mean so fucking helpful. Listen to me, get them know the sofaking and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge. A staff that's so fucking courteous and tries to use that a so fucking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied customer, frank, and stine. So fucking good. You're a shadow frunky, so fucking good. I don't need a starter sense or disrespectful. But if you walk in the control of a senior Rogers, the players of all you should have wheels or both sides of the chair. Okay? I mean, you should be like, crouch down. He's so flexible in the radio, he's such a little like, if he doesn't have a bodyguard, he was the radio station. Good luck to him. There were jumps and that have rain between them. And there are 30 morning down, it's 25, night by, Mickey's light and America and there's the fight squirrel. So while you're bloody real girls out there, remember to turn on the fight squirrel. Every 30 morning, you'll love it. You're a little like a fight squirrel, every 30 morning. Holy makin' on, this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God. This one, and then all you can do, is tell you if you know how a stone or spear. You know, we're here high. First, you have the brownies. You can have hearts of glorious and he's an idol of scurriers, so I had from office of cannabis, so before school, on the bus, come up register, on the park, and today you're an out-of-just-can't stop one day. We even showed up at the park. So we're gonna take that move just to say, I plant my sheets, see, see, see, see, fall my wings, we'd see the shit with free free free free. Cause we're gonna get, say, I plant my sheets, see, see, fall my wings, we'd see, fall my bones. Let me in smoke, hat's stone, say me be, that found the bomb on the bombs. I love when I smoke the bombs, just like chicken chunks, yeah, yeah. That found the bomb on the bombs. You're gonna have hearts of glorious and the age of nine, I was curious, so I have from office of cannabis. You can smoke before school, on the bus. Come up register, love the pot, and today you're an out-of-just-can't stop one day. We even showed up at the park. You're gonna make that hook up, say, I plant my sheets, see, see, fall my wings, we'd see the shit with free free free free free. We're gonna roll again, say, I plant my sheets, see, see, see, fall my wings, we'd see, fall my bones, let me smoke that stone. Say me be, that found the bomb on the bombs. I love when I smoke the bombs, just like chicken chunks, yeah, yeah. That found the bomb on the bombs. Hey, Jimmy, yeah, yeah, pass them over here. Yeah, yeah, pass them over here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, pass them over here. Yeah, pass them over here. Oh yeah, that was good. Did anybody want some egg nugs? That's our question. We have no tickets for it today, but we have lots of egg nugs. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hi, yes sir. Yes, hey, you're doing the day. Excellent. Yeah, listen, I want to ask you, how come every time we have a sense of an ortho-use, population, all those wonderful places to be like, who you're in boxed at. Yeah, yeah, because the bad news is they're coming down here, so they can join up with you. You should only wish that they would let you into New York or Boston, loser. See, this really cracks me up on people here. Start putting the knock on any place else. You could be knocking water, blue, I-o-one. I'd have to raise three eyebrows at that point. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Hey, New York, how are you? When is this, do you? I think I'll be in New York, do you? I'm too. I'm so glad they got rid of that stiff carry Murray, and I get to sit brother too. I mean, that guy always looked like he had a bad wife or something. I used the words, and I think one of the worst things he ever said, or it did was when he complained about pop-out, losing his temper and showing his emotion on the bench. Yeah. But I don't throw that with that. Well, he had something bad to say about everybody, Trevor Kid, which I would really like to know. Oh, knock on the guy who stood on his head, and had no support from this organization from this team. The whole time he's been here. I mean, that was just the epitome of what a slime ball low-light, cluttering Murray was. And let me say it again, the players almost do a man. There may have been a couple of extra-shrews, hated him like poison. Well, you think you think a wrong goal has a chance to be a good goal. If a neighbor has a girlfriend, a neighbor's goal, he'll be just fine and have a great New Year. I'll tell you one thing, and I got to be hockey talk today. If a dad's a guy from the way, everybody will have to go. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. Back to the next door. Have a life of life to have to go. Now go for the next. Good to have. Good to have. Good to have. Good to have. Good to have. I've messed up for tomorrow night or what. I may have to go night just different practice. Forgetting all the wound up for that big, you'll leave Spanthag in tomorrow. Anybody want to eat tickets for that game? Here's a mobile and cross-bring. Hello. Hey, Neil. I'm going. I'm going. And also, I'm going to listen to you, set your own WKAT. Yeah. For a long time, I call you about. I call you about, oh, maybe once or twice a year. But you got to have Phantasy program. I already enjoy it. I just want to make one of the quick statements. Yes. I'm certainly glad that the Miami Dolphins game is blacked out. I think they all. Think they all a bunch of small breaths or overpaid breaths. Okay. Thanks for the good news. See what the sour process we got here. It's New Year's time. It's a holiday. It's right on a Hanukkah and Christmas and all the stuff went together. Sour bitter nasty people nasty hostile. Why should you be glad the game is blacked out? I'm going to understand that. I mean, I'm not going to have an interest break down about it one way or another. Especially me. Because where there's a, well, will is a way where how does that go. But nevertheless. But I mean, the fact is that, well, why should you be happy about it? You miserable piece of turg you? I'm delighted that it's blacked out. This is Ebony's or Scrooge Day here at QAM. Let's hear from all of you who are fossils like that old guy from Hollywood. Are you old people? All the people older than me except my mother and maybe other relatives like one. But other than that, get on a bus go away. Unless you're a nice person which I doubt. When, in fact, outboard aside. I'm sure if I have some neighbors like Bernie and Dolores across the street to every nice They're old and I am, but they're nice. They can stay. Thank you. And they're panter friends. But I'll pick maybe a thousand, a thousand old people can stay. Everybody else, you're out. You're out. If you're older than me, which is a 58, if you're over over 58, and you're a miserable old fart, which probably you are, you're out. Bye bye. We wish you all the luck in the world. Because I don't know why that's making up the rules now. Okay. Too many decrepit disgusting, miserable, unhappy, nasty old fart. Oh, that sounds like that pull a question. I don't want to put pressure on Eric, but I can't wait to vote. Here's a lady in Fort Myers. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I go to see me to make a sports page. The great bar in Fort Myers to watch the game. It's good food, too. Where is it? It's right here. Page field. They're all there. Fort Myers. Which actually did they get off that? 22. Colonial. Okay. And then go down to 41 and take a ride on 41, which is Cleveland. And then you're right. Okay. And they can have my cable because I'm on my way to Atlanta. All right. Thanks a lot, sweetheart. Have a happy. So there you go. There's a place where to go for a tomorrow. Over to Fort Myers. So you can go over drive over to Sarah Sotting. Grab up to Tampa. You can go up to Orlando. You go up to Jacksonville. You can go to Atlanta with this lady from Fort Myers. But you're not going to see it here. Almost maybe you got some other kind of like special dish. What do you laugh at about? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, how you doing? Great. I need Charles off here. He's phone number. Haven't heard the spots anymore. Is there anything you can give that to me? Yeah. Yes. Okay. That's all I need. I just want to wish you happy New Year and for Charles number. 1-800-321-2413. Thanks, man. You got it. Go get some hair. Here's a mobile and hell and they'll. Hello. You're Neil. Good morning. Yes, sir. And same to you. Okay. I'll tell you the home of your buddy, Arthur M. Sonny Rosenberg. Hey. Good back. Let me let you tell what happened. When he started to tell Lily and Matthew, I used to subscribe to the Harold. And when they came out and they were talking about all this nonsense about Lily and saying you're under the hood tonight's epms up as a father for this is absolutely the last. I can't have my subscription. Are you down here? Never again. I'm not going to buy that. Yeah. I'm done with them. Forget about it. They don't be surprised what anything they do. They're a cancer on this town. Oh, man. They're the worst. I've been living here as long as you have I followed you from station station. I really basically very little what you say. I think you're a great entertainer. I love you make a lot of sense. I don't agree with a lot of it, but a lot of life I think agree with. But as far as I have a man you're right on top, you're right top side of it. Okay. Good day. And enjoy the new year. Just say hello to the Harold. Okay. Have a happy. Sir. 21. Before 11 at 5. 60. Who had maybe we're here from somebody out of the age of 100 before the day is up. But I don't know. What is it? Say the poll one more time. Well, you better get with it. Erky was probably out in the kitchen filling his fat piss probably. So he's one fat guy that don't mind being called fat because he knows that he's fat. He looks in the mirror in the morning says, oh boy, am I fat? But there are some fat people who take a fence when you call him fat. You know what I'm talking about? Anyway, our poll today, the biggest problem with South Florida is crooked politicians, apathetic citizens, too many refugees or too many or of farts. You're the thing to the best of field logic on 5. 60. I have 60. We call Pasec, you know, the whole of our friends are not. I didn't call him yet. Why are you better get with it? I'm about to. He's not going to hop on that vest button. Come flying over here in like two seconds just when you snap your fingers. Oh, honey tail. He's not. Yeah, he won. Anyway, for a free plug, he'll do just about anything because at least he spends a lot of money on our show and has for like about a hundred years. And good friend and good sponsor. Unlike some people, of course, who expect free plugs and ever spend a dime. I don't want to wait until holiday time of the year start ripping in anybody. Just to please you. But you know, you made a point of saying you forgot to rip those guys two days in the row. And I want to want to. Why should I do that? To Scott and I, I mean, you know, just because those cool cuts tend to be a little on a fatty side. When you're laughing about you ate a lot of free food from there. Why are you smoking about all of this? You're the instigator just like that pull about George. You like to instigate. You like to needle from behind a scene and then you smile like, you know, just like the thing about hugging and touching and feeling. You ought to hear what he was saying about George off the ear. That's what it was all about. It was all true. And I think the audience knows that. What? The people who know me certainly know that I'm not like that. Like what? Exactly. You like to instigate a little bit. Don't deny it. You know, and that touchy feeling thing, you're absolutely right. Dirty over to people just grabbing and squeezing like he hasn't had any human. Yeah. Maybe just they get as much as he tells everybody what he's feminine. I said, yeah. It's very seen. Now I didn't even repeat that and you're going out. You're going to say feminine thing. Yes, it is. Well, thank God. I don't do that. That's one of the unfeminement things that I do. I don't call running up to everybody squeezing and hugging. Women do that. Yeah. When they see each other, women are much more than men. Real men, those squeezing, hugging us, they mean it. That's common knowledge. That's why I don't have a problem, which is why a lot of these pansy athletes, I find very, very offended, because that whole, I mean, buttslap and especially that that, that the record's laughing are real, faggy thing. If you ask me and believe me, I'm on the guy who could tell you. Anyway, moving right along. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing there? Wait. Listen, I've heard your poll question this morning. I moved out of this town about six years ago and went back to Seattle. But I'm here just visiting my parents. Oh, thank you. Right. But for me personally, I mean, the reason why I moved back is because of all the damn refugees. Yeah. But I'm going to a few years, huh? Yeah. I was just a little too intense down here. But I'm at the polls. I mean, I'm the panthers thing. Yeah. I've been following, I have my hockey fan, I've been following it. But we could share use of the panthers up there in Washington. We need hockey team up there. You guys don't seem to appreciate anybody down here. They don't. They don't. Listen, I was telling you before the show today. It's much of a fan as I am as you know, the biggest hockey fan in this town. Right. But the fact is, the hockey in this town is like try to sell bagels in the North Pole. It doesn't make any sense. There are no hockey fans here. There may be 500 of us. And the rest of these people are just going to kill some time. This is not a place for a hockey team. In fact, this is in the place for a professional sports when you come right down. Yeah. That's what I was going to say. Really? I mean, I was just looking at, you guys haven't even told about your playoff game. I would say maybe cock fights, you know, can survive here for many generations to come. But other than that, I mean, baseball, forget it. And the dolphins, Katie and Celia, to playoff game, which is the first time in six years in the whole league that has a playoff game that's going to go on. So it's embarrassing. Yeah, it is. I mean, you guys had enough problems, play with the really on day and the voting for it. More on the game. Yeah. I'm so excited to listen to that. I think it's great. Thanks a lot. I can't wait to get out of here though. I don't blame you. I haven't had any. You'd be a man. Good luck. See, there's another guy he got out, which makes us feel really bad because worst duck here except for those 80 weeks of year that I have a occasionally of Amsterdam. What is not there is that, what you can tell me? That's what I'm going to tell you about. On the Beijing. Oh, because he's out his way in or something. Oh, that he'll take care of us. Well, pointy. That fact he's powerless to the right now. Don't you think so? Oh, it's probably like a shack up in the back seat of his car pulled over in the side of the road with somebody. Anything that moves. There's another one, boy. Anything that moves. Or maybe just the Jeff and Georgia, like, you know, hugging him. I'm not doing like you just started. Well, you don't want to say George was a feminine. Anyway, here's another. Didn't you just get your saying that? No. Why you certainly, uh, intimidated that. Something about being too intimate. That what aspect of his personality. Yes. Yeah. Too much squeezing and hugging. Bad for your image, George. Send the Enanti from the Mexico and other facts. Which I'm delighted that they're listening. This is exciting. We had a facts from Sweden yesterday. And now two from the Mexico on the same day. Dear diary, plus the Leafs are in town. How you doing, Joe and Harry and Nicole and the. Well, and grapes. They're all here. Maybe. And Pat Quinn straight in those guys. We're going to shave Pat. Let's cut the crap. Okay. Enough of this, uh, Lolly gagging around or whatever they call it up there. So this one says, thanks for replying to the facts we sent yesterday. We do understand the point is that my news a second rate city in Canfield to state. And that's right, Cindy and Angie. And the Danny and the Jimmy. We grew up growing dissolved in games and even back then. A lot of the games were not sell out to that time. People said it was cause there were so many other things to do in my. Me or instead of going to the games, I'm not sure if that's the case. Now we're not well, oh, it's not after further thought about why the game is not sold. I was starting to wonder if the game would be a sell out. If it often's were playing better than they had last few weeks. No, it would not. It would be a sell out of Dan Arena. We still a quarterback. Oh, no. You are correct. It'll be embarrassing that a playoff game is not a sell out in time for the black. I've lifted and we suppose that the sports bar is going to be the ones making money on Saturday. Absolutely correct. And the Enanti and have a great new year. The sports bar as well. That's good for the economy and it's certainly good for WQAM that the game will be blacked up. In fact, you know, something I think they got to call me for is right. We should be celebrating because why not be like everybody else. We should be selfish. That's what it's supposed to be in this town. Getting a lot of free stuff, which we now specialize in where the leaders in that and proud of it. We're going to have free lunch coming very shortly. But why not be happy about that? Everybody wants to follow this game. They'll be listening to 5.60 WQAM or else. So how do you like that? Well, what do you want to add? 4.99. Oh, yeah, but we get credit for that too, I believe. I think that's the way they had that rigged up. They don't need to help over there with 100,000 watts FM with that little jupox They got down the hall with a kid's Kirby. They don't need an extra help. We need all the credit we can get here on 5.60. That's what Bluff said. You said be sure and mark down. You're listening to the game on 5.60 QAM. Go, go, go, this Instagram. That's a great surprise because we need to help immediately. Not sooner. Here's Holly Wood. Hello. Especially after the last two minutes. Hello, yes sir. Hey, good afternoon. Good evening. Call on person tickets. You got tickets for me? Take it to our backseat boys. No, no. In my game. I want to see a real hockey team tomorrow day. Yeah. Well, the way that the leader plan right now wouldn't be too sure. So I don't think you want to see that game. We don't have any tickets. We'll do people stop the meaning yourself. You stop groveling. I can't stand groveling. Makes me sick to my stomach. I don't mind groveling if it's for something really good. And believe me, none of you are it. But this business and groveling for tickets. Jesus, don't you have any shame or self-respect at all? No. None. I mean, all I'm going to do is like the menu and make a jackass out of you. Which a lot of you love that. That one's far through that call yesterday. That was given me a son at Antibout. His 85 kids or whatever was, which is pretty believable. He said he was trying to out do a event or holy movie field or some crap like that. That guy, he loved it. When I was a, it's time about that big round building over there up on the corner. Where they have those 10. When I drove to work this morning, come by there. I made a special point. I slowed down and took a peek. They were lined up by the ones and twos. To buy those dolphin tickets. And at that rate. Now we got an hour and a 40 minutes to go. So I'm assuming since this is your dolphin station. All of they never see their really tight lip over there. That's fudge pack and brown and all those other people. That's our bison dolphin organization. They're the worst. But they never will tell you how many tickets are left. But I'm assuming since the NFL extended the deadline till 1230 there is no chance that the tickets will be sold out by then. And no chance that nothing will be sold the channel 10 can afford to pick up the rest. That it will be blacked out. It's pretty damn much expecting that. So when should we get the official word by 1230? No. They are tight-lipped over there. Much of real real Graham. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? What is it? Yeah. I listened to your show and I also used to listen to the fan. Oh, you were the one, huh? Yeah. Yeah. So I guess I'm probably going to listen to QA more against the fan at the moment. There you go. Actually I'm all you know how much you're a gentleman. You got you with the elected or not. But I'll listen. Yes. And that's all you have? Yeah. I just think I'm a fisherman. I'm going to go to the airport. There's too many immigrants out here. They have to take care of our politics. And we were all... That's all. Yeah. That's all. George Bush. And I said winning the Florida. Because the Bobby's are Cuban here. You know, running for him. And then, you know, this is a real power fight. Too many immigrants. Too many refugees. Okay. proud you hanging there. Have a happy new year. All right. So, uh... Uh... Fucking get my cursor on a guy, damn it. I voted for too many old farts. Because apathetic citizens has covered under that. That's one of the reasons we got too many dead people walking around. They don't give a crap about anything. They don't care about the schools. They don't care about young people. They just want to make sure that you as miserable as they are. That's what they live for. That's what they take great delight in. That's why they're out there in their big goddamn jiu-kulu. Drive it around there with their battleships. Block it off every lane in the highway. Yeah, that's right. Every time you see somebody in a Cadillac, I'm going to tell you right now. It's either some old jiu or some schwarzer. And generally if it's a schwarzer driving a Cadillac, it's like, you know, the tires are like bald and have the body parts of the car like dragon on a highway. Or Greg Reed. Oh, Greg Reed drives a Cadillac? Oh, who the hell is he kidding? Is he kidding anybody? Oh, no, he ain't kidding anybody. Drail. Oh, man. Greg Reed drives a Cadillac. If you look up the expression, the wannabe in the dictionary. It's not a word, I guess, but a male who knows maybe it is. But just look it up in the website dictionary. Right next to wannabe will be a picture of Greg Reed that's geek. Who changed his kids' hair color. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing a man with great? Listen, I'm from Jack and Bill. And I'm in Miami for the holidays. Thanks for that good pounding last year. Sure, these guys needed that. Man, I'm a dolphin fan. Oh, I'm a dolphin fan for 25 years. Like I said, too bad about that game last year, 62 to 7. But anyway, this is what sucks. What sucks is I come down here. And then I find out the game's not even tell about it. Right. There's embarrassing, man. I cannot believe a dolphin fan to not support it there. I know. This is embarrassing, man. Wants that is going to wonderful job. Right. Nobody saw this team. And don't forget that. Good Jewish board J.F. Don't forget about him. That surprised everybody. I can't, let me tell you something. I am so pissed off. I can't believe it. Man, this is embarrassing. They want that in the dolphins. They've been taken blood. They've been doing awesome. Yeah. I'm proud of them. And I don't care what anybody says. And if you look at it, the morons that call us sports shows on this radio station, they've been taking a lot of crap from these people too. Don't appreciate it, good effort. Because these people don't even understand what they're talking about. I'm telling you, man, the fans suck here. I've come to the games. I've driven all the way from Jackson to come to the games. But, Judges, to see the dolphins play in Jacksonville, cost $68. Yeah. All right. Our tickets are nowhere near that for crappy seats. I'm telling you, this isn't embarrassing, man. This isn't embarrassing. Yeah. But you're coming to the land where we see what we're beyond embarrassment. I'll have to this last election. I think that was, that was the end for us. Nothing that can happen. I will embarrass us anymore. Man, I think, let me tell you something. I think the dolphin fan seemed to stand behind the team. This is embarrassing. Well, they are getting more dolphin fan. And I'm not putting the same thing. You got to Miami to see this game. Some of these losers are losing it. Okay. Well, see you back. Thank you. One question, man. One question before I go. Yes, sir. Did Jesus overduty you, man? I beg your pardon. I said, what did Jesus overduty you? What did Jesus ever do? Yeah. Why do you hate the guys so bad? I never met him. Happy birthday, man. Okay. Have a great life. Okay. Go back to Jacksonville. Okay. With your Jesus bullcraft. Another one of those Jesus Christ, your guys. What did Jesus ever do to you? I'll tell you one thing that Lord didn't give to you, sir. And that was a sense of humor. 1118 560 WQAM. Best of meal. We're taking you requests all day long. 560, 50560, pound 560 under AT&T. Wireless line. Reminding you are Subaru Vrx. Hoops. hysteria contest. Continues at wqam.com. Log on and start making your selections for round three of the MCCNCA. Tournament. Prizes will be given away after each round. And the grand prize winner walks away with that right. 1,000 dollars courtesy of Subaru and Sport Radio 560 QAM. And hey while you're there, check out our NASCAR Insider Payton. Food drop the bowling on my head. And I just can't wait to get back on our own clean bed. Not that I complain. But I go play some ball in it. And the ball in it is the two drop to the ball in. That kind of play. It's gonna happen when you're awake. I don't think so much about it. And just in the old J-Rooms. Food drop the ball in my head. Just my girl, I do this wing club for a good time. But is it now she's had a seat? So, next time I better just bring my umbrella. And that's your key-he-he-he. The suit drops off her and me. So, the ball in the room is fun. I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans. I find it logic. And food drop the ball in the room. And I think that's the key. The suit drops off her and me. So, the ball in the room is fun. I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans. I find there it will object. And food emotions. It's got constant origins. Unlike the real week, you'll must have full of unpredictable emotions. A lot of fun. It's just yes. And it'll be a phrase. You'll be just my dad. And the ball in the room is your computer's fault. It'll be a full minute frame of duty ever, no. But is your promise, son. I have not had a wish. You're not your mother. It's a prospect of your corporate traffic. You're in the room. You don't really want to hurt me, do you? What's that thing, oh? No, I don't. Thanks so much. I can. Everything is so quick. No! No! It's a nice, quick and delicious, something. It's possible in my head that the wrong is to point. Yes. Very well, gentlemen. I again. Please, as you. What are you waiting for? All right. If you'll excuse me, I'm choosing Captain. Oh. Sorry about that. I'm a cop who you're trying to turn to get to me. Oh! It's just a small hole. I feel so weak. I've got no message over. It's a part. It's a part. It's a part. Oh! Oh! Here. Oh! There's a secret in this place for a minute. All right. The handle was flushed and I've enjoyed it too. I'm leaving you with this walk. It was painful. No, wait a moment. I don't know why. I have not been infected. I think you must have sparked a moment. Oh, no, with us. Oh, yeah. Come soon from director George Lucas and Francis Ford Jopalop, the newest chapter in the Star Wars saga. When the host of two families collide in space, they become star wars. Within all star tasks, James Earl Jones has dark beetle and Marvin Brando as Obey Rob Canoby. You should not have come back. Your powers are weak. You can't win, though. If you strike me down now, my family will become more powerful than your confronts will do in mind. You are the only man who will be with us. El Pacino as harm solo meal. Come on, Greta. You want some of me? Come on. You're going to mess with a bit. They held up to my little friend. So let's just alone as she brought the lock. Let's look. The you are. You're. You're. You're. You're. You're. With you feature footage never before seen of the ominous Don Java. Or we both be old. We're more old than we lost daughter. You're stronger with a vehicle for stars. What a party name. We're snow, how come Han Solo meal turned Greta into an egg in potato pie? Tony Danza as Lucas Skywalker. Yoda. We are. Charlie. In the name. Welcome my son. You must go to the table by. We go by. We're standing this one. No, the file on seven straight. We're our guys right now. The must go there and learn the way to the star. The star says what gives a jet on his eyes. His energy. We read the song. We can my kitchen. It's your kitchen. It's for us. Between the sausage and the radio. The pasta and the meatballs. It combines everything together. With special guest appearance by Joe Peshie as Princess Leonie. Robin and the phone call from the wild out of your room. And we'll be right back by the thunder. With the lightning lightning on the hot. We'll walk to the wild out of your room. Because the whole of the night is going to be found. You can tell the views are paying. And the little people are paying. You haven't seen anything until you see everything. And gorgeous, final check of the saga. Return of the Jedi. Coming soon to a temple near you. Now we'll start school with you. You've got to join the family. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to be ok and the Heirot before he starts him I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi, secure the castle. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I've got to join the Jedi. I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I don't wanna fish. Stop it, baby Couple of colours, isn't all over for you That's only part of your luck For some reason i... I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm an爱 regarded to you I'm a loser All I'll do is choose to get away As good as the Sc Scout AhommeDeose Remember I do It Sh amer since then Everyday take fucking Sh amer from As life does the world Yes Oh I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it. I'm my own grandpa. I'm my own grandpa. It sounds funny. I know, but it really is so. Yes, I'm my own grandpa. Many, many years ago when I was 23, I was married to a widow who was pretty as could be this widow had a grown-up daughter who had hair a red. My father fell in love with her and she knew they were wed. This made my dad my son-in-law and changed my very life. For my daughter was my mother because she was my father's wife. You complicate the matter even though it brought me joy. I soon became the father of a nursing baby boy. My little baby dem became a brother-in-law that died. And she became my uncle, but it made me very sad. For it was my uncle, but that also made him brother of the widow's brother, daughter who, of course, was my stepmother. And father's wife had a son who kept them on the run. And he became my grandchild because he was my daughter's son. My wife is now my mother's mother and it makes me blue. Because although she is my wife, she's my grandmother too. It's my wife is my grandmother then I'm her grandchild. And every time I think of it, it nearly drives me wild. For now I have become the strangest case you ever saw. As I was one of my grandmothers, I am my own grandpa. I am my own grandchild. I am my own grandchild. It sounds funny, I know, but it really is so. Yes, I am my own grandchild. There was no father who lived on here. He said in the middle just checking his head that some boys who were down by the brick. There being no water, there hands on their marbles and play things in and at that spot. There came a young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature. She said on the grass, she pulled up her dress and she showed them her ripples and leases and white clothed up. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin. While the boys in a bar yard were shoveling, wrapped you standing here from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in a narrow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the duck. He looked like a man with a side above home in the country with a big face out front. If he had to phone like, please, she showed him her little pet dog who was subject to this. Then maybe she left and grabbed a hold on her small tender and with a new mints so quick. And then she bent over and sucked out his candy so deeply made of butter scotch. And then he spread with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go get yourself. Today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding. The white folk couple of things to up to know. When I'm born, I'm black. When I grow up, I'm black. When I get sick, I'm black. When I go out in the sun, I'm black. When I go up, I'm the cold. I'm black. When I get scared, I'm black. And when I die, I'm still black. But you, my white man, when you're born, you are pink. When you grow up, you are white. When you get sick, you are green. When you go out in the sun, you go red. And when you get cold, you turn blue. When you get scared, you turn yellow. And I have this time of my life. Because when white people die, you turn purple. And you got the same nerve to call me cold. You're a fat rich, reminds me of my mother. And now the first question has to turn about, triple bitcoin and go to the ice-posed New Girl. Ice-posed and girl, you have questioned whether a government version has the experience to be president of the United States. What exactly do you mean? You're better than a woman. Kind of a one, that of a bottle. Is it fair to say? Okay, the differences between ice-posed and girl and girl and double your brush, your governor brush, as a follow. You are for doing something under consumption and you're just doing something under production. I'm telling you, let me clarify. Oh, for both. You're a candidate. Yes. Yes. You have governor brush. If elected president, the judge ought to overturn the FDA's approval last week of the abortion to the RU 46. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. Oh, I'm a mo mo mo mo mo mo. I don't know, I will go to the Supreme Court question and I look, but make sure you understand your position on our RU 46. If you're elected president, you're not through the point of the FDA. You're not so poor, legislation to overturn this. You're a woman. That's fair, isn't it? You're a woman. You're a woman. Thank you, governor. I present a girl. See you next week. And for now, come to Boston, I'll see you tomorrow. Thank you, thank you. Thank you. Get the Bush Brothers Comedy Award. With four judges, get the Bush Democratic Award. That's a good question. Here's your vote. That's their vote. Dr. Joyce Wood. That's what we're taking this middle of. Oh, no. I'm going to go out. You know, the idea of who's going to go out and the judge wants to come up with this. Here they are. I'll put it together. I'll put it together. I'll put it together. I'll put it together. I'll put it together. We'll start off with a little sound by the Mills Brothers. Thank you all, remember it. Ready, George? Doing here, you ready? Oh. One, two, three. Up, lazy river, in the old mill, run. Plain, virile, wild, and the shade of a tree. Throw, ways, or troubles, dream with me. Up, lazy river, where the robins are. Wait, the morning. George, why do you stop singing? Okay, okay. Okay, why? I think it's funny. I mean, I mean, you know, like the Mills Brothers. Yeah. Well, yeah, they were brothers. But why? Well, they were like, um, meat gris. I love George. They wanted us to do it in black face, remember? He used to do it in living room when the diggatheries came over, right? Okay, but remember when you delivered Florida to me? Yeah. I only did what's right. I think to some present and all, yeah, I think you could deliver better material than this. You and your less finished the song, right? But you did, did you, George? Let's finish the song. Um, that does it. Okay, hopefully they will have a happy little bit of it. Oh, for they is a little bit of a smile. I did. Thank you, Mark, for a small blow. Well, for there's so many hours. It's lucky to buy it. I'm a co-chip rock, total, chill. We're running through all of this. No, you're hit. And next up, who the oily duck is? The oily duck is your 10 on 5.6 BQAM. Great article by Jim Mullin in New Times. Thanks, Julio, for fact in this over to me because it did forget to pick up new times on the way downstairs by the elevators by the elevators that don't work that is. But anyway, Marlom's cut a deal. And once again, the pathetic public doesn't have a clue what just blew by. The cynicism continues aided and abetted by the hypocritical Alex Pinga Pinka Picania. Great. I'm not going to read it on the ear because I'm not reading stuff on the ear till I've been new ear till after a Monday. Are we going to be here Monday? No, no, let's put it all for a Monday. Nobody in the right mind works on New Year's Day. I'll tell you that right now. So this is our last show of the year. It's our third anniversary on QAM, which means absolutely nothing to anybody here. Putting me. All those bluffs pretty worked up upon it. So when you're here to serve today, just tell me make it to the negative way for the big panther brooins game tonight. One of the new regime, the interim temporary temporary. The last guys in the morning, do they have any clue whatsoever? No. No. Zero. Full list, including Goldie. And then they got both high on there when I walked in this morning. They're just sucking in, sucking in, sucking on that big fat jalae, his man. It's just brutal. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Happy New Year, New Year. Back to you, sir. Hey, all these neurons today. You should play the free ticket lady card. Yeah, that's a good idea. Hey, listen, I respect your opinion on sports a lot. I really do. Yeah. Two questions. I can't get another sports here. Yes. Number one, why do they keep the Murray brothers on so long, leading a flyer fan? Well, when those guys left, we bought them the plane tickets down here. You don't, you want to folks get it. Wayne is selling the team. And as a result, everything was in limbo, but because things got so bad, and the bubble became so agitated, and there got to be so much as psychosis about it. They couldn't really wait anymore. So this was a way to do an interim band-aid kind of a thing until I can complete the sale. To try to pacify everybody and say, well, at least we do something. And that's why Tory is, oh, yeah, these guys don't do this. If you don't do that, which is a lot of smoke, because he's, you know, he's just the figure at at this point. So this is what I'm going to suck. Well, you don't see any changes, do you? No, I don't. Just because Wayne's southern stand-in behind a bench with all the respect to him, I'm sure he's a nice guy, but that's not the solution. They're problem. Lack of talent. You look up and down the roster. Lack of talent, a lot of bad mistakes by the general manager. That's the problem. Well, they got the great shot that we're playing for. Yeah, that'll do it. One more thing. Question, in my wrong, by the dolphins not selling out, don't the dolphins lose a lot of money from not getting the TV time the ads and all that money? No, the dolphins don't get the TV money. They get the money for the broadcast rights from the NFL. I mean, channel 10, you know, is just a network affiliate, but then it'll lose any broadcast revenue rights. Because I was, I was going to know in a lump. Wow, it's just an, it's an amazing idea. I'm glad you mentioned that though, because for years, I supported the owners with his blackout thing in the NFL, but with the kind of money, the kind of trillion dollar money that are being spent by the network's not to televised the NFL games. The idea that they blackout games that aren't sold out is just a slap in the face to people everywhere. It's not acceptable. Yeah, that's always wondering why can't you, like, millionaire billionaires, five fifty ticket teachers or a hundred ticket teaching given them way to charge? No, there's a whole idea. The blackout is unacceptable. Once upon a time, you know, when when when the in-house attendance was very important to the economy to league, then I could understand it. But nowadays, it doesn't really make all that much difference. What's important is that gigantic TV broadcast rights they get. Hey, happy for him. And back to you, happy saw. Hi, yeah, come on, quick, quick, bleeding the money out of the public already. Where, give something back to the fan. No, come on, just one time. No. You bastard, you prick. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, me, how are you doing? Great. I'm just going to say happy, happy new year. Send you. And I didn't get to, you weren't taking any class the other day on the charity. And I just want to say you guys need to continue that, you know? Yeah. That's great work. But on the subject here, these refugees, man. That's the subject is the refugees. I didn't realize that was happening. You can't get a decent meal, you know? Yeah. Miami has just turned into a, you know? Just a little freak show, you know? And this is a little waiting thing, you know? Yeah. It's awful. So awful. What do you think about that? I say watch out for the Freaks. We don't go straight in yourself. I'll get some help. She was right about that though. It's a freak show. And there's no extra charge. How do you like that? I'm going to go to Fort Myers to watch them stupid football game. And we're all packing to a bunch of buses. And go to Miami and watch your freak show. Yeah. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, yes sir. Hey, I love your show. And that can hear you. Same to you. I wanted to say, I've listened to the last couple of dolphin broadcasts. Yeah. There's some funny stuff there. Yeah. I don't know if you heard during the Tampa game, but there was many references to the players trying to keep their hands on the web slippery balls. Yeah. And then during the last last one, when managed got locked in the closet. That was funny. Another bizarre twist though. I have been banished. I've been put in a closet outside the locker. And I can't get out of this. Yes. Well, if we had a look at that. Listening in Miami, who might have a connection to the stadium here, please call and tell them to let Jim manage out of the closet. All right. Thank you. That's what you're talking about. Don't want Jim trying to get out. Yes. Oh, yes. Well, feel free to yell for help at any time. And the good news is, uh, manages out of the closet. All right. Although I thought that happened the day that he put the picture of the quarterback from Michigan up there on the Atamiya. What's his name? What was his name? See, I'll decide out of mind. What was his name, Joe? The quarterback from it's right back here. Atami Brady. Nice going. He was one of the Brady bunch. Five, six, seven, or five. I think that basically what it boils down to this seventh heaven show on Warner Bros. This is the Brady bunch for adults, you know, for horny adults. And we always did wonder what four and ten of things to do with all that Western or, you know. Here's Parkland, hello. Hello, no. Yes, sir. Long time, listen to the first time, guys. All right. All right. I got to tell you something. Yes. You thought that that had too many old people on top, Florida? Yes. I work at a major supermarket, right next to one more. And open a creek. Boy! The whopping dead. Yeah. Sixth heaven. Well, something happens. I think you reach a third-nage and all the decency and manners and politeness just compose. Only here. I've seen the most miserable people in my entire life and I have a pretty good disposition. You have to sit back and kind of talk on side because it's as miserable. It's horrible. If they want to talk to white fire audience. Yeah, they want to talk to. Anyway, yeah, I've like, keep up the good work. Okay, thanks, pal. And I love listening to you. Thanks a lot. I love it. Have a happy. Have a happy new millennium baby because that's what it is. It's coming. If you thought the new millennium was last year, you're wrong. As usual, you're wrong. And you got sucked in by all that media hype. But that's okay. Made a lot of money for a lot of people. That's what the economy. That's what it's all about. It's all requested. We got lots of tickets for all the sporting events over the weekend. So just call in. Just ask and we'll rip that you in. And that'll be asking you. Watch. Backstitch boys tickets for that big concert coming up. We got tickets for the A1 concert. Yeah, they're still doing it. They still look pretty good too. Anyway, so how's that lunch coming? We got the Jeff Cohen is on away. It's on the way. And what was that cost to think you said about the hardness of my pasta? I didn't say shit. Yeah, I heard that. I heard about it. You're not fooling anybody, Jeff. You're not fooling anybody, Mr. When that pony tail in that vest buckle. Hi, Felicia. Gee, I love your dress. When your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with pad and shoulders? Gosh, chick. I thought these in hadn't shot us a long time ago. I mean, honestly. You should go somewhere on their shoulders. In-ray. Yeah, right. So, what are you using now? Well, it's like having shoulders. Only that all that added is. It's just like, hey, let's tell them about it. Go. If you're tired of your other hands, then think of a chair. And I'll wear a bag and put them to you, and they'll look like a cat. Get them in there. Try and get them to feel better if you get some hair. Look at the idea there. Lots of places, chick. You can stop by my place later, and I'd be happy to give you this. Look at the pad. In-sister's minutes are having shampoo, dials, and blow dry. Gee, you don't miss a lick. You're just tensed and free. What's your sense of sense? Well, it all, chick. As well says there are places down town where you can get head for less than $10. That's right, chick. That's not price. Everyone should be giving hair. That's right, chick. When you say head, you set a mouth to get high as Dr. Wayne for a lot of hair. And drink another one? Get a cow, do you want to get hair? Of course, don't worry. Each little pair of hair, looking a red-looking shaft. Then the scalp's natural loads are sucked out of the root, leading your hair soft, shining and exhausting. Nothing does the job like head. Great. Can I get them for my hairdresser, bro? Probably, but you might want to try your girl, bro. You're a girl, bro. First. Go out and get some head, see that head, head, head, head, head, head, head, head. First, go down a long night. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Better end up being a perfect man. And you did head, go at nothing, still. Want hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. Or they don't have to replace you, won't find her just want her. And it's going down every day. Honey, we're out of here, bro. Who's a lot of gifts to him? What did you say? I said, I want you to go out and get her. Oh, thank you. Sweet Jesus. I'm going down down. Man, that makes a great holiday gift. That's because my wife gave me some head. Then I gave her a pro necklace. I have never seen her so choked up. My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get drug and abortion in a national few hours. I'm going to get her to go out and get her. I'm going to get her to go out and get her. I'm going to get her to go out and get her to go out and get her. I'm going to get her to go out and get her to go out and get her. I'm going to get her to go. Oh, God. Come on. Give it a shot. Look, girl. You're a little girl. Great H. On the other hand, Roger show. We'll let you on today. Instead run a gambler's birthday radio. 560 WQAM. It's continuing after the cater to all three of you, like John Rifeless Automattox. It's proud to present Reg Reen, or washing his socks. I love these. My wife got me these socks. My favorite time. You know, dark brown. Gold dilers down each side of the eye. I'm going to get my nap when I'm going to scrub that. And down by that, where am I? And where am I? And where am I? Fixed the whole hook, because I didn't trim my toenails back. I'm going to get a start on the other one. I'm going to get a start on the other one. What is that? What does that mean? What's the matter? I'm going to get a start on the other side. Oh, I didn't take the other one. You didn't even have a head to slide. It'd be a good little head. The director and go back to your office. Okay. Why, there's something to worry about. Back inside of the floor. Maybe clear channel bias. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. I'm going to get a start on the other side. to engage. Start with that and end action rule. What's that Bairford before they throw? She needs a chance down. It'll also come go. It's just in that V. I'll about or tell you. But the L.I.G.A. Well, he flagged or J. I'll release your postage on you. With a knife that's a brilliant out penalty. Just that witch on fiction. That's what you get when you act away. I don't know if we will. Either get away from goal, rest and stomp into his cover. Wishing he will save. But it was a fair bone. Don't know if it's so true. It's not about to love. Keep it his hand. Where the fabric got a mark. Now it's up to the jewelry. But he was jewelry. Think he'll fly. I'm not a secret. I'll say. Keep it back for all J. Keep it gave. Giveooo. Did you hate it? I-Do you hate it? Have to work better. Can-you'll find me, don't you? Why? Poor раз,ET's not a cannon. We're going into the film together to make your whole life pay a hard time. All right, there's no touch that dial. Oh my God, it's sunny! It's Eleondale, by two sunny, rip-in. Yeah, looks like we got him. Thanks for the tip, Mrs. Aquacoyt. You're welcome, Sonny. I mean, I know he was a sick girl when I landed in the fight. I mean, look at this. He even had this. They'll see what's looking at. My God, the tent-bundee picture. Looks like we stopped other future men's winter kneel, some bag moron. That's great somehow and daylight safe again. Thanks to you, Sonny. Just do a much-obb as an aquacoyt. By the way, I'm going to need your name and phone number we contact you later. Let me get you my card. We'll sign drop my fight. Hey, what's that then? Fill out of your purse. Oh my God, if you play over to get him, I'm going to f**k it for a while. Oh John Paul is coming around. Let's go, Lord Jesus. Play with him down. Let's watch him grow. Go round, count, in my tent-down as we yell. Hi, Paul. New y'all. Hi, Paul. I say, I'm so excited because I also, with you, I'm a slutman. I don't go medicine, I'm a can you fight to get down? Look at now, the boat, call the door. Look at now, the boat, call the door. Look at now, the boat, call the door. Fill down. When you get there fast, where are you? Down into my tent-down. We get hairy, everyone knows it's very scary. Bad say, I feel merry when you come. Bye, Paul. No, that's my fault. Please, say, I choose a big guy in the sky. I both love to blind the sky. We were spawning capture. It was what you saved a man. Hey, you, you even got hit off of the grass. You, you, you've been gone, man. But I'll get you, you've been gone, man. I'll put up that real fast. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't know why he's saying it, fellow. And he's shaking hands with past Rome. Everyone knows how to catch Rome. Boots of grundy asshole, and they say, I hope don't be hard, don't. I think he should be swinging some of the high ropes. Oh, when you get to kill, but not don't be stupid. Do it now, when you leave the butt down. Call that apple that's going to help you. Call that apple that's going to help you. Call that apple that's going to help you. Farewell. Good, nominee, part-time, Philiots, get it through something. Why the hell did I come to Cuba? I'm going to get you. Why, baby, won't it get? Yeah, hop into my licking. Oh, it's a nice carpet. You bet you're right. You're too bold, my daughter. Oh, yeah, man. Oh, okay, man. Hey, what's that? Um, it's not it. Oh, no, man. It's not a bit funny. It's funny. Oh, right. It's hooker, bitch, Barbie, with all the fly accessories. It's not it. It's not it. Three inch by two. Can you win due to my son, the arm and remove all the things? Oh, you're changing all of the gas we keep this. I put on the red thing, it's good. And I'm not going to be on the big. Oh, yeah, man. I bet you're bitch. Hooker, bitch, Barbie. And coming soon, aren't you? The talking pin. What? Bitch, bitch, I'm gonna call. I'm gonna call you. I'm gonna call you. I'm gonna call you. I'm gonna call you. Time's 16. WQAAP. Your sport-horror mind-distaste, and presents. The new Roger show. New won't be in again today, so that we may provide you with more stimulating entertainment. Well, see you for this area. And the management's made of mine. Live from the right side of the grill. It's Miami Hurray Cain Grounds. Boss. For all the area, 560 WQAAP. Thanks for listening audience for making us number one from Tentative. To show our gratitude, we'll punish you with another live broadcast of the Miami Hurray Cain. As they go against the mischip in his mother's oracle. And our rock and tumble sand castle building competition. Oh, you're not 560 WQAAP. I took a call to these mother's. They say the future be sad for me. Now I can get no job. Cause I have so much to do with the rest. As talking like a moon's deep road. Keep on the next stop they have this way. Now I can't do nothing. But the heritage says that okay. Change my name to shoot through. Try to do set the code or anything. Add a lot of energy. I remember when I was dealing. Hold the white dead scuffs hanging outside. To build a dead bomb. Run the blues out by the teeth. White dead was got to know you're a protein in time. It's fine. Hold it on the cliff by not the chase. Now I have to go in and sell no faculty. Practically, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty. Practically, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty. Learning when a ball is solved. If all this makes me sound funny. God knows what to do with the rest. Now I have to make more money. Play the food, sound good to me. I got plenty of nothing. You better think it me anywhere. Maybe I'll look in the old white dead. Feel the first and full of hair. And I got to taste so much money. I'm very old and I'm free today. I remember when I was dealing. Hold the white dead scuffs hanging outside. To build a dead bomb. Run the blues out by the teeth. White dead was got to know you're a protein in time. So the panic would give us a chance. Now Tom has a problem. God's the goal is to build faculty, faculty, faculty. Practically, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty. Practically, faculty, faculty. Practically, faculty, faculty. Practically, faculty, faculty. Hello. Hello, I was calling about the robber. You have to share in the paper. OK. What kind of robber do you want to do? I have some lobs. Yeah. I have some lobs. I have some body lobs. I have some solid color lobs. Wonderful. And I have a straight ear. No, and I have two doors. A little door off? They're small, ready. OK. We have a farm. I would like to play with the robber on the farm. You wouldn't happen to have any, like, you know, web at handcuffs. Anyone? Do they have handcuffs? For the web at the handcuffs? Yes. I don't have a hard of them. What? Well, we use them what we hunt them on the farm. We like to hunt the rabbits. And we take them and nail them to a twee by the ears, and then skin them alive. There were. A wall. And now, if that's what you go through to this planet, so I can say you're ready. We have a little game we play, called All Wavits Must Die. No, sir. No, sir. No, sir. I wouldn't say you're ready. I'm sorry. I'd like to hunt the rabbits. Well, that's OK. You go out in the wild and you hunt rabbits. The days aren't for keel. I'd like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unrustfully. Now, sir, I'm sorry. Then say you're ready. Sometimes we even spit them through the head with a rusty water. First you get down on your knees. They're all with your robberies. Now you're ahead of it. Great respect, Dan. You've got to take it like this. You're one ever step. You want it. You have to clear them with the ponte. If everybody says, don't hear you. I'll do it. I'm not going to run. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. You're one of the best people in the world. Go inside the Exhaustion Rocker. Because if I wand up losing to George W. You're good. All the counting spins of the Senate. Put your balance down. All my blows, fake in a way. No big good travel car. Well, I fear like I've been rear end of them. And upon my head, they're split the Christmas flag. Come on, come on, come on. I'll bring the air. Come on, you landed in the green corner. You're so flagged in me by me, be over. And, or maybe it's time to applaud. Hello, I'm Blitz. I'm 50WQM. Don't be stepping on me, okay? Don't be stepping on nobody else for a long time. That's all for today. The biggest problem with software is $7.6 votes on there as I speak. Too many refugees, $27. What a surprise that is. Why did you just come out and say it the way you mean, huh? Too many freaking Cubans. That's what you want to say in that class. You Cuban haters? They just haven't seen the right ones. That's a problem. Too many refugees, $27. Crooked politicians, $20. Too many old farts. That was my vote, $17. And after FedEx isn't a dozen. And duty doesn't. $76 votes. Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Yeah, sir. I'm here. You there? Yeah, I'm here. Just call appropriate stadium. Yeah. There's $221 tickets left. We still have time. Yeah, right. Maybe. $221. Just that election. Yeah, okay. Thanks for the bulk crap. Here's the news from over the last couple of our friends at the... $7.7. Over there in four minors. Our friends. Are they our friends? Anyway, it says the sports bars in the North Fort Myers. Or an Aples. Whatever that means. The Womp buggy lounge, which is a lady I guess. No, she called about Stevie Tomatoes Sports Page. $1491, US-41 in Fort Myers. Or corner Shirley Street in Pine Ridge Road. There's also a Stevie Tomatoes Sports Page in Naples. And Swampuggy lounge corner of ninth street in US-41 in downtown Naples. So there you go. What better way to spend a great weekend than in Naples, your Fort Myers, watching it off into the courts? Do you think of anybody to spend your... Ah, frankly, that's fantastic. Go over there and pick your nose for a couple of hours. Do a little... take your corn cob, pipe. Or just take your corn cob. It's not that we'll pick it over on you people on a west coast. Are we picking on them? Sure. Why not? We got to feel better in somebody. When you live here in South Florida on the south east coast, you have to find some people that you feel much better about then. And those... they're at... People in Tampa. We feel better than them. Clear water? Oh yeah. The neatness? How about Closen? Here's a mobile enclosment, hello. Hey sir, how you doing? Good to talk to you. This is the first time I ever had a chance. How about... Boy, did you play a good segue to what I wanted to say about the election? Don't know, Miami. It's too bad that you even have photo-fog overtime down there. And you want to blame it on the Republicans? When it's a Democratic area? I mean, come on. And think of blame as a Supreme Court. Sir, we're not talking about that. It's all over. Nobody's blaming anybody. We're talking about moving on, moving up, or can you do that? Or is that not... I can move on and out. Okay. I will move on, we're up on an outward as an off-the-guidane phone. Redneck? Oh, man, I'm going to tell you. Just like that great facts I had, which I already Schmidt can't. That that letter to the Harold about what a great show it is on this end and the colors. Generally speaking, they're not up to the standard. They're not up to snuff. They may be doing some snuff, but they're not up to snuff. They just don't care enough to send their very best. And maybe they just don't have their very best. Or maybe what we hear, maybe that is their very best, which I think is most likely. Don't you? Yeah, that's it, that's the best. So that's why the show is a very accurate parameter of this time of what it's all about. That's why you had your alien and that's why you had your bogus election. Because that's what we got here. That's why you got your own sort of ball game tomorrow. So what you're belly ached about, well you should be kind of expected here. It's mediocrity is what we're all about. And since mediocrity is so popular in America, we ought to be very popular in our place. In fact, that should be the American ethic, strive to be mediocre. Because life in America these days is a celebration of mediocrity. And if you don't believe me, just turn on your TV set. Anytime any channel. Here's Carl Springs. Well, hi Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, that was really quick today. You know, I guess everyone's out buying those tickets. Yeah. You know, you hear the only form left. I guess everyone took it a heart. When they, they read, you said, boy got the panties, but they got a little confused. I haven't gone to a game since my giant, I was a giant football fan. I paid 750 dollars back in 86 for the Super Bowl. Yeah. And I went, I was a fan and stuff, but down here, this isn't a football fan town or anything. It's not anything town. It's just, it's just here. This isn't a place where they care about sports, about politics. They're just here. They like the fact that's warm and people generally leave them alone. And that's it. I mean, if there's a reason, if there's a reason not to go to another stadium. Here it is. Right. If you're not going to support the supposedly football counts. I want to tell you something. University, I'll say it again. University of Miami played basketball two days ago. We carried that game just like the one we're carrying this afternoon. It said 1300 people there. There were maybe 300 people. The staff to do it, maybe there'll be 50 people. What's the point? Why do we need to guide them to arena? So we can have more empty stadiums that are reason. Keep wasting money. That's so, and as far as you hit it on the head, it shows the NFL. I mean, it's all about television, web and you went. Right. Put the game on. Put the game on. It's stuff, uh, picking on the name bastard. They're put the game on. That's what we're talking about. That's what we're talking about. That's what we're talking about. That's what we're talking about. The election. But he's a separate telly of the first. He picked the guy from the Nixon administration. He's from Ford. From Ford. He's from Ford. He's better. He's going to go back to Herbert Hoover. He can have a big picture from the same. He's going to go back to Herbert Hoover. He can have a big picture from the same. Yeah. Back to Papa Bush and Joe Ford. But why not pick people from Jerry Ford's administration. He wants to have somebody just to dumb as he is. He's up him out. Oh, it's scary. But let's not talk about that. Okay. Let's just keep moving on. We're not putting a big smile on your post. Do the best we can. Give us some free tickets. Here's Hialia. Hello. Neil. It's Friday. You're still born. Yeah. You're still listening. Thank you very much. And you're still up in the eyes. And go play with yourself again. Oh, it's a rub raw. Sorry. Little boys and Hialia. That's the story. That's going to be one of the chapters of my book. Little boys and Hialia. Who used this show as a play toy. When their own play toy became saw and saw and Roy. Here's pepper pines. Hello. Sign one. Yes sir. Happy New Year. Same to you. Listen. That last guy from Hialia. I recognize his voice from the bathroom at the. The swamp buggy lounge. Yeah. Actually he's from the T. Realma J.C. Penny's and Hialia. He's one of the very old people. You got it. Exactly. But I'm through patronizing and paying for IZinger. That other asshole that wants to baseball stadium. Yeah. I'm done with it. Right. I got 16. TV, satellite, cable. The home nine. I'm not going anymore. I'm not going to do it. I don't blame you. I'm through with it. People are after after the. The clutch feeling good. Stop being raped. That's my suggestion. And you know the tempo of the town. And you're right on top of it. Twenty three thousand empty seats tomorrow. Nobody wants to go twenty three thousand. Or what was it? How many empty seats is there to mark this guy up to a thousand. Twelve thousand empty seats to work. So we're right on top of it. Okay. I got one request. Yes sir. The bridge. No. I'm. Any. That's enough. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey. Yes sir. How you doing? I got a couple of comments. First of all, I used to listen to 17 hundred the fan. But now I'm on the tour then, huh? Yeah. It's so bad. No, it's not too bad. It was a piece of crap. You know, it's so tough as better in your space. It was the worst garden. It was never better in this radio station. It was the worst garbage I've heard in my life. I turned it on twice. I never heard such amateur hour. There are. There are. Kindergarten radio stations in America that are better than that was. My second comment. There's a bunch of other grown adults. So playing radio. And I think it common is about the. So many old people. Yeah. And it's not just that they're here. They're sitting there driving cars. Causing accidents. I can't take that. And my third comment is. Yes sir. I've got the ticket. Yeah. Can I have some? Sure. Go ahead. They got the 12,000 to get you right now. Head right over to P.P. Park to get all you want. You'll fill up your pocket with them. And take whatever money you got. See, I got a message for some of your charters out there. See the fan. They had about 50 people listening. They had the board ops from here. And about 30 shfarts is out there. Gwaling was ball games. I, you know, it's a new year of coming. And if you're going to, if you're going to make a difference, if anything in life means more than a stupid ball game to you, then learn how to read, learn how to vote, you know, these things. And forget about ball games. Forget about glorifying all these little bit of jokes because that's not worth that. Then it weren't that. Okay. Get with it. Get with the program. Start being productive instead of so like reproductive. You got my drift. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, good morning. Yes, good morning. When is this? It's amazing. You must have said to 80 different people yesterday that you had no dolphin tickets and they still keep asking. I have no tickets for anything. I said I have my own tickets. The Panther tickets. And they still as who is they here tickets. That's the magic word. I talked about hockey for a second. Sure. I just wanted to have to jump and see the fight at the end of that king's day list. Like I got laid out. No. Oh my god. The place got so. I saw plenty of the land of the Rangers game. The boy, land is really playing great and a Ranger stick to join out. They were born like crazy there at the garden that was that loved it. Wow, wish I would have seen that. Oh, I missed it. What a wild. Just they kicked their ass. Right. Got a good tip. Yes, sir. Um, peeking for the Keeho. Okay. Thanks buddy. You got a pound. I'll have to be new here. You too. Okay. I'll not play a new two though under any circumstances. Picking through the Keeho which used to be one of Joe's favorites. Along with the Ozeirron Ozeirron, oh yeah, child. Pile. They have got some. He's been terribly cold watching mom and dad. He's been so cute. Oh, I'm not finally ever had mom and dad replaced his wife. Right there on the bed. Mommy, you start boating. As a fellow board daddy's head. Mommy's head was softened. She almost got whipped rash. I don't know what she was. I'm going to drink a bunch of garlic and no mustache. They've been through the Keeho. And show what I see. What I showed you is I think more than I think. I'm TV. Mommy and dad were hooked together. Like my Lincoln wand. What time I forced something like that? Mom wants yelling at the door. Dad was breathing heavy. Mom was on her knees. He wants to have a boon cool costume. Just a little piece. We're 14. We've been told Keeho watching mom and dad. He's been turned to Keeho. The most funny ever has. We watched those little longer. And I started to get sick. If daddy's name is Helbert, why mom asked for a kick. Daddy growned his eye for a touch. Mommy, what did more? She's one back on top of him. But oh, he did much more. He's been through the Keeho. Hi, girl. I'm getting fat. I can't wait to try this out. I'm doing my class. Oh, right. I can't wait to try this out. I'm doing my class. 550Q. And how's that pork coming? A lot of hoats on there. 166 already. The biggest problem with soft Florida is. Too many refugees. 39. Crooked politicians 26. Too many old parts. 24. Apophetic citizen 17. She's not going to say apathetic citizens because they would be like a commentary about themselves. Are they going to say that? No. They're talking to me. They're talking to me. I'm not bad for you. They're take care of things. We've always been together with Florida because having put an update. That went around and that went away. That's better for us. That's better for us. That's better for us. Thank you. Hi, Daddy. Oh, no. My lovely day for questions. I saw a question here. I saw a question here. I saw a question here. I saw a question here. the date was 15 and I would like to know if you're some kind of anti-Christ or something because now my 10 wants to worship the devil because he thinks it's cool and you also want to just as late and policed it on now. I don't know if the whole 10 or 59 is the anti-Christ channel. Please I'm really concerned and I would like to know if you're the anti-Christ. Thank you and please I think you somewhere I wouldn't even stop in if you were to because you know you turn my 20 to a bag it and you made my son so the anti-Christ. Thank you and have a nice day. So good six. All I want is a telephone number of the cards. Telephone cards that you are adversely on your show. I've been calling different people different times for a little enough an hour. Can I speak to someone? Thank you. Yes sir. I was listening to Jim Mendes today on the area and he made some very rude comments about Frank Sinatra. I don't know if you heard the program. I think you are too looking to it and I thought Mr. Mendes making a apology. What he said about Mr. Sinatra and the by a megapel so that he will be a closest cop and I thought that was totally totally out of line and I can't believe that a man of his his ability would even note those kind of remarks. So please see what you can do. Thank you. I'm going to be doing him for a short six years and I'm not submitting show. I have a problem. I'm taking my kids to school and thinking commercial for the guy that curses nasty, nasty things and there is no warning. It just blows out you know, f*** you and you can hear the belief you can hear the f*** you know and you can hear the vente minis voice and you know I don't have a chance to turn off my radio quick enough. Now I heard you know I had a problem again the other day. I can't explain that stuff to my kids. I've been listening to the station for a long time and I think you're ruining it by infiltrating with his nasty language and I don't know what I can do but I just thought I better call you know and tell you it's different when Hank can't call someone a son of a bitch and just heard the guy act like a son of a bitch. He's the reason for it but I was as far as his asshole and just the way he curses his ruining your first team and I think you should stand up and get this off kick off his program because there's a lot of people like me that you know have children and I just don't like your someone say pissed off on that way to work. pissed off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that and I don't think it's appropriate. You know if you're going to have to announce your little program in the middle of your day leave it there to make the other program it's you mean not in it really you're focused my intelligence in you know that's not clear I don't know what is I'll talk to you later. I heard a commercial on your station yesterday about one o'clock in the afternoon something about the boys would speak out if someone approaches your automobile and a voice of a big black something or other would come out and say get away from my automobile or you're too close to my automobile you beg the MF I object seriously to profanity like that on the radio and I object to the profanity and that type of advertising I believe in free speech but that's too far if I don't hear with reference to this complaint from you I will send a letter to the federal communications commission because no kind of that kind of language is certainly not acceptable on public radio it might be all right between individuals with not on the radio you can call me back on mr. Eisen the EIS E. s. thank you. I think it's the perfect example of queer what is this purpose for his new show or his ugly show he uses that word read from every five minutes because that's what he's brain is he's never going to get past his software audience because the town and the people that he's always complaining about the only fools that will give him any time of day eventually his ring for crop so low you'll have to read just this rectum okay the government you have talking on your social department I heard on the other day talking about the legal that they're getting out to play the game and you know it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals okay and I'm going to tell you that's very sh**y for some of the facts that we about illegal because you know him himself was not not his not his not a native here he's not an American Indian everybody here has been an illegal some time or the other okay and I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people okay because you know talk about like that the Cuban people have our huge nationalities a piece of sh** okay there's nothing but not the people that the poor people that's all you know that that's the American way so they're talking about Cuban people that way but the last whole you guys George or me or whoever you can tell you're think that's f**king anything you have no right to talk religion because he is a f**king is not what presents a bar of thinking he drives this time, joker if you just pass the one to the LN mail but the reason I call was I thought maybe you can help me I haven't trying to get those guy damn rating the fluency is going on sir cash dollars he doesn't know if you're going to give them to me you know court where agreed I couldn't get him so you know then this is the last time of the game he was to call you if somebody would give me the guy damn ratings of our kid king is omit anyway I'm only kidding but that better is the problem I do want to do a story on and I'm just having trouble getting it so I'll talk to you bye ladies are you tired of unwanted hands creeping into your panties unwanted hands creeping where they shouldn't be a hot band you need bad joe maddick that's a first family protection that really helps all right yes yes yes good oh baby let's do it yeah work it sugar no wait John Chitten no but what you dinner let me just go to the you see that you maddick is fantastic it really works it's good against muggers rapist ruckusments breeze horny uncles and martina never to love with nothing is just that's the sense you're rich and coming soon for the fellas it's cockatoo fantastic yeah right questioning your faith you need divine intervention or at least divine counsel well now there's a hotline just for you you have reached the Vatican today's moral issue abortion if you are pro-choids plus one thank you you are going straight to hell found out with a chitch stands up in a few issues and where you stand with the church today's moral issue first control if you use counter-desented plus one thank you you are going straight to hell get this great food from the pound of 24 hours of the eight eight nine hundred eight hundred eight hundred eight moral issue premiered all facts if you engage in premiered all facts that's one thank you have fun while you can if you are going straight to hell all one nine hundred eight hundred eight hundred eighty wide kbo be just 50 cents a minute remember you can pay now for hey lady are you worried about safe sex now there's a product that's safer than last years if watch out to be done it's new local condoms and yes the co-contams go on easy because the co-stitch to any fuzzy part of your body and you can relax because they're guaranteed not to flip the ring of fly off as the ball when you're finished with a co-contam they're so easy to remove you it was easy to the best of real Roger on five six feet QAM