430560 WDQAM Miami Port Loderdale, a measly broadcast group stage at WQAM.com or the world. 560 WQAM presents a Neil Roger show to talk to Neil. 760 and 810. 7705, the other's a total free call. The opinions expressed by Neil Roger. Hey, Bill, how you doing, Delaney? You're not. The reflect those of the beastly broadcasts. It's that. I hear you, too. Well, now, the Neil Roger show on 560 QAF. Hey, what he has a pair. I hear you, too. We're going to play the role. Yes. How did he get so much? We're going to play the role. Yes. That's what the sounds are about. Yes, yes, yes, yes. But the world's series is affecting after getting his wings. I hear him hanging on his legs just like his wings. Welcome. I don't like a thing about you. The garbage and chip with you back where they found you. So we're ready to stop the stories of the place. It gets a bonus to fill in your face. We blow, we blow, we blow, we blow, we blow, oh! He's a corporate. We blow, we blow, we blow, we blow, we blow, we blow, we blow, we blow, we blow. Oh, buddy, but, much plug. You're too fast, high. That happens to your guy, can still fulfill your song. Now, where did he come from like you, get that kind of love? Or... That's a good thing for the suit. He said, very calcant, rich, but you fall in pain. And I'm going to tell you something right now when you can mark it down. If Brewer County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility, I will not play here. Okay. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years, saying, here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. And I could do it never, the day ain't way, it'd be good to down. You'll be old, tall, fair, and Mars world around. It's not even a little bit greater than you, until we all got to prove. And we'll go to... And we'll wander, and we'll stop the way. Copy, man, to choice, be it. Keep your boat on his foot, darling. Keep dotted, racking, to be it. The two four, whom he has done. We'd as clear as the truth to you, keep your faith in the place. And I'm not good to what I want to do. Stop for me. I heard you write your slave, boy. How many two was it, Mark? A wish to see the fan there. Whip, win it like the door. It's the 150 fees in half time. The rest of the world knows you. And I'm not good to what you're the only one. The rest of the world knows you. The rest of the world knows you. Welcome, hell, it's Daniel Chilhammer. Yeah, Daniel. It's 15.5.60WQ. I'm quite a long opening day. I don't know why to hell, not. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. Anyway, 926 votes on a poll. Even George got into that yesterday. I was pretty good with stuff on Bouchard. South Beach, which of these areas in South Florida is the most plastic South Beach wind hands down. They're the supplies. No. Plastic. A lot of foamy poses down there. A lot of rich, new-o-rich, phony-rich used to be rich. Whatever it really works. South Beach, 459 almost half of our votes. South Beach is the most plastic God damn place in this area. And our neck of the woods. Boker came at a respectable second trip in 43. 37%. That's pretty good, huh? For Boker. Coral Gables was third with 50. No ducks. No nothing. 5%. Coral Springs came up with only 47. That's because I think they're concentrating a much on the gangs. In Coral Springs. When you think of Coral Springs, you think of strip shopping centers and gangs. Punks run and crazy in the streets. Blow them a city up. And then last in the certainly far east, coconut grove, which lost that era of plasticity years ago, you know? Once all our sparks are moving, that would be into that. Sharks is not into plastic. No, because plastic, you'll in all like melts in the heat and say, you know, anyway, 27.9%. I don't know, in 26 votes. So South Beach winds are a pole as the most plastic elastic. You're all in do so. We're only posing place in a goddamn place in the earth. At least here in South Florida. Look at that. The next exit. We're down on high. Didn't I say to you before the show that it's going to run up in the green day. Then that's that. You didn't have to. The next 10 minutes. That's right. What we're going to do a break. We have some spot today, damn it. Oh, boy, what a bad break. Because yesterday's format certainly wasn't a money maker for Greg Reed, but it sure was a, I'm a higher. What if our friend who's at going to stake in check is listening, your penguin tickets and a parking pass right here in the non-vlog Korea. I'll do not real nice. Like it with a little bow on it. Bring a Josh with you if you can. Oh, they got's foraches working there now and the drive through. Went through last night, my friend David, I went a little spin to, for a talk with Jake. Stay can check. Schwarz is in the drive through inside. Like they had like, man, a lot's a nice white people. And they have lots of nice, uh, chargers there at the drive through. You think they live anywhere in that area? No. You explain that to me. Anyway, nine minutes after 10 at five, 60 WKW. No question of the server maybe. You have to be a free information at WXU, A-RM, B-S-Grad. Have to keep in corporate. No! The pain from when this pain stood on the drain. When this pain's in my brain, my brain from pain. Who's made spots? It'll cut in games. It's win, it's win. Who's a claim has gone down in flames. It's win, it's win. The shame of rain was taken upon my brain. I think it's tough. The strain from my dead stains inside my head. He's an asshole. Exactly. 1015 at 560 WKW. I shouldn't have said that because it'll tip my vote on the appolar. Here's today's poll. I'm your ranchers.com or just in general. Just like out there in the street. Describe your feelings about Wayne Hyzinga. He's an asshole. That's not a choice. Number one, he's a great man who brought baseball and hockey to South Florida. Number two, he's a real prick who doesn't care about the fan. No, he's a rich prick who doesn't care about the fans. Number three, I have no opinion about him. Number four, I wish I could look just like him. I don't know if it's a good choice. Is that what you're saying? Yeah. Let me give you those again. Describe your feelings about Wayne Hypinga. He's a great man who brought baseball and hockey to South Florida. He's a rich prick who doesn't care about the fans. Number three, I have no opinion about him. And last but not least, certainly, I wish I could look just like him. Well, here you are, boys and girls once again. And didn't I tell you? Yeah, you're as truly, I told you. Another fire sale is they leave the public to the slaughter again. And I think if not, if we can find something good, a little silver lining in the middle of this latest sports debacle here in his town. It's the fact that it comes on the day right before that big meeting tomorrow. Tomorrow is the 15th last time I checked right? Isn't it our supposed to be that big deadline for the city of Miami and date counted this side? What they're going to give to the Marlins so they can build John Henry that new play to it in the stadium? Yeah, last time we checked. Yeah. So here should be one more good lesson. All of you suckers out there and would be suckers in waiting. But these people don't give a crap about you. They're just trying to make a quick buck. They're just a bunch of stake roll salesmen. Just like the stockbrokers we've been talking about. Same thing, just different business. That's all. Same principle. Then you watch. You mark my words. Wainl find himself another John Henry. You'll find another little lending and other suckers somewhere. Oh, yeah. I loved going hockey franchise. Oh, yeah. How much you want Mr. Hayden? Okay. Let me get a group of suckers together. Okay, big fat check. And so he'll come and walk away just smelling like a bunch of crap. Like he always does, making big bucks. And he leaves behind the usual pile of excrement. Right there in at $200 million. Magnum at 2 or nothing this that we built for him. With taxpayer money. It's just astonishing. It's just amazing to me. I'm going to take it this right now. I'll go to the Elise Panthers game on Saturday because I'm a big 41. And a plus year Toronto Maple Leaf End. I'll go to see my team play. Will I go tonight? No. No. Will I be going any more games this season? I've done the game Saturday. No. That's why I'm giving that guy the tickets. In fact, I give away for nothing. We're getting lunch from steak and chicken exchange. Which I think is a real bargain. Anya, Ray Whitney's a friend of mine. He's a hell of a guy. And he's wife or two of nice people that you ever want to meet. But didn't I say on here here a couple weeks ago? And Mike, Russo, you're not fooling anybody. I call you on it right here on this radio show. That little columny wrote in there that Chuck Fletcher puts you up to with a son. Set in the sub for this move. You're not fooling anybody. I said that day weeks ago, Ray Whitney's his good as gone. They didn't like him. They don't like the little guys. Even though he had the three great scenes, he's been hurt most of this year. I'm to perform because you know, whatever reason. So did everybody else except Pavel. But he's got to be the scapegoat. And then Mike Syllon, Joe, what's your excuse there? Oh, we got to have toughness. What? Is there anybody tougher than an old experience? Tell him a player. And over over a measly, $2,000, whatever. Was they didn't really want to sign him? They put on a dog and pony show there at the end. Bye-bye. Goodbye for a draft pick. So we have more youngsters in the organization that these silly people can keep talking about. The same crap they've been peddling you. And I'm not going to sit here and say, hey, you're because nobody pays any attention to me anyway. We won't get five calls about this today. I never do. They'll be calling and talking to people. I haven't got the foggy as day day. We'll know a hockey puck from a steel guy. They have much use, broder. But they won't call me because they don't know anything about it. See, that's the one safe thing. The girl didn't get me that to me this morning. And that is, it's a good thing we don't have hardly any real hockey fans done here because if we did, they'll be like, they're, every line would be lit up already here. There'd be a revolution people be filming at the mouth. Here we go, getting screwed again. Because, and just like with the Marlins, well, you know, Wayne can't make any money there and that's steady. And we got a building in the stadium. And we're going to be came, obviously, that they weren't going to build a new stadium because he's a prick. And we already did that with the arena. Well, he'll sell it. Make a big buck to some sucker. Some little puts that comes along like John Henry. And now here's the same deal all over again. Wayne is getting ready to sell. So let's gut the team. Let's have a fire sale. Let's get rid of three quality players. Let's bring in, you know, Kevin Adams, I'm a leaf fan. So I know all about Kevin Adams. He's a nice little player. He's like, I think Gellley said it best. He's like a young, lendberry. Is he going to score a lot of goals? No. And as far as toughness is concerned, Mr. Bowtie, you already had the toughness in grit and Mike Sylanger. So don't try to lie again to the public. You know, it's actually doing better since their going to ship his ass out of here when the new owners come in. He's just getting ready to go off in the do whatever he's going to do. You know, besides all that monkey business he's playing these days. So don't keep insulting the public by slapping in the face. As it was you had almost nothing to put out out there in the way of a product. And now you have the fire sale and you've got the team. What do you expect people to come out and pay big bucks to see crap for? And then Gellley this morning, I may understand he's under a lot of pressure because he's on the payroll. But to say they have the basic elements because they got two players that got Pavel Buri and Roberto Wongo, who may be a great goalie someday. And that's it. That two people is the basic elements. No, I don't think so. There's nothing there. There's absolutely no reason for anybody. And like I said, I'm not going to get myself all whipped in this shape and stuff running a campaign. Do whatever you like. Okay. If you want to go and have a good time, talk on your cell phone. Great. Be my guest. And this is what we've come to. I told you that was all coming to a head if I can I say head. No, no, two fruition. More and more big salaries, more and more greedy owners, more and more big buildings, more and more tax payer money, more and more, you know, they, and they reach in and they tear your kishki's out. They tear your heart out. So anybody that's been around long enough to remember that one glorious year, you know, that everybody at the front running full season. We love that path. It's all that, you know, it was funny, but it was fun. And a lot of people jumped on and of course, the sort of things went south. They jumped right off and they always doing this down. But anybody's been around long enough to remember that. That's only in history. They've got it. They've destroyed it. There's nothing left. They've had a fire sale and there's almost nothing left. But ashes. So you can give a song to dance about. Well, draft picks are important to the future of the organization. Yeah. Okay. Find the ad. There's nothing. There's nothing there. There's nothing left. There's nothing left. They'd Joseph Wright in the Sun Sentinel. They tore yourselves a cell out. Yeah, that's right. You'd be better off just to keep your mouth shut, Turing. Because you're going to go out and look at like a clown, like a fool. Instead of coming on here with Hank yesterday and I'm with these guys this morning. And to start talking about, well, Anders Erickson has come. I almost jumped out the third floor window when he said that this morning. And he said, oh, it's not just an ordinary mistake, but a mistake he made in Detroit. And then mixing here again. And Bill Tore has got the hoods, but it's coming on and say, well, he's going to be back. Great. That's going to make me come out and see that. Watch him cough it up and give it away. You know, again, the only reason that you guys know Wayne's been able to pull this off is because it's here in his town. If there were knowledgeable fans in any sport, you could get about hockey in anything here. And they were written his ass out or we're going to a long time ago before we had a chance to bail out. But not this guy because no matter what the hell he touches it turns the instant process of the cold, you know? No matter how much he stabs you in the back and tears your guts out, you keep coming back for more punishment. Let me cast my vote by the way. Oh, yeah. I think I voted. I wish I could look just like him. Oh, no, I didn't vote for that one. I was thinking about it though. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yeah, I knew. Yes, I have a wonderful idea. Now that he's out of work, why don't you offer some of your replacement job? Yeah, there you go. It covers for you in the summer time. I'm going vacation. It'd be wonderful. Yeah. Think about it. No. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Now why don't you hang out with him all day? Okay, you can go to the dog track with him. He's sound like an old fart just like Sonny. He's got a piece of paper. Here's a mobile and open park. Hello. Hey, how are you? Okay, sir. Amazing what people can do to a business. I can get away with it. I couldn't do that to my business. Yeah. You couldn't give half a show. It's just, well, that's one reason why I sort of gave up on sports about 10 years ago. That's all over, man. It's all. I don't even leave this sports page anymore. I never do that. Done. And you were talking about stocks for a while. You know, I learned a lesson to hardaway. The only person in the world is going to watch out for your money is you. Mm-hmm. What does that mean? Well, I never let anybody invest my money or anything. Well, that's a good move. I agree with you on that. You know, I wish I had to do it over again, but I can't turn a clock back. I got brought into a scam. A year ago, it turned out to be a Ponzi scheme. Five bunch of friends in mine and worked for a couple years. After that, I mean, I'll just never let anybody else go. I'll just go to the Ponzi schemes because they make for unhappy days. That's right. Nobody's ever going to direct my money, but me. I'm with you. Well, if I can never get it back out of there, trust me. Nobody's touching it in the money. Nobody. Nobody gives it shit about over you. Right. You've got to write. Okay. I have a right there. He said nobody gives a shit about about you. That's what he said. He's right. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. That's interesting the way that Paul comes up to. Look at that. The votes are on the other side today. What's that all about? I mean, yeah, that's fine. What is that? I think Eric is kind of a little changer. Let's see. What do we got 23 votes so far? 7. 7. I wish I could look just like him. Oh. Oh. That's great. 15. He's a rich prick who doesn't care about the fans. Nobody does never opinion about him. That's good. He's a great man who brought baseball hockey to South Florida 1. Oh, yeah. Thanks for warning Wayne. Thank you. I know it's got to be him because Dean Jordan's out of town. Here's a mobile and west palm. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. Cash that hockey fan and seniors ticket holder here. Yes. Physically ill when I saw the new yesterday, what the campery did. I will not spend another time. Anything that Wayne has, ladies and waltz with. Good for you. I'm going to be taking my. What's my future ticket here? Putting them in a envelope and turning them back to the panters. Telling them to kiss my ass. Excellent. Have a good day. Nice. Good. Congratulations. There's a guy with a pair baby with some balls. And if we had other people who really had a brain and some balls, then they'd do the same damn thing. Take your tickets and stick them up your ass and your hockey sticks. Wayne, you've killed it. You've destroyed it. Just like everything else it touched you. Destroy it. You stuffed the money in his own pocket. He's on the, you know, he's on bike accounting. Pretty good with all the stocking to a good. But nevertheless, he's not Miss Nany Meals. But when it comes to the public here, when it comes to the fans, all the keeps doing, it's sticking it. Stick it. Stick it. Stick it. Until you're bloody mess. That's right. So there's a guy that's got a good idea. I'll go to that game Saturday. I will not be present to the right to the scene and all the pending on the new ownership. What happens in between if it happens. If it happens off season, I get the tickets for free anyway. But if he's involved, I won't, I will not subsidize him. Not, not a dime, not a penny. I'm even smuggled in my own soda Saturday. 26 after 10 at 5.50, WCM. Here's a placing you have a good time, Paolo Park. That's right. No way in there. Thank God. That's about one of the few places you can go. There's anything you're trying to go in on it. He's never spingering it. The Toyota of the party would trivially challenge Saturday morning today. On sports radio, 5.60, you eight. And the water's positive. Got it. It's great. Very. You're a local, all you want to see is the set. You're with that. I have to see the rest of the day. The entire car is full of the car. You're comfortable. I don't miss the fuel deficit. God, but I'm just a little bit less in the sound. The fuel deficit is about less. It's got to be no surprise. The wife's feeder is very, very, very. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wow. Get your job. Got it. Get your job. Got it. You're on the highway. That's 32 to a 5.60 WDC. Great co-text in the Harold and his column rights. So widespread has been the house cleaning with the panthers. I heard the guy who piled up to the Zamboenier setting resumes out. I think like that. Maybe default can do it. He's always looking for a little geek there. You know, down on the ice. Over in the field. Yeah, anyway, there's a few bucks to be handed out. There's beef. Long history though. Was it handed out? 560, 50, 50, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Daytona, hello. Yeah, Joe Robby built his stadium without a penny of taxpayers' numbers. And the way that Joe Robby did it was he went out to chambers and rotary clubs. I was in Delroy Beach at the time. He came up there. He said, this is what I'm doing. I need to guys to help me out. And he should have made an investment here. About one penny of taxpayer dollars. Yeah. Joe Robby, the man. Okay. Say, I don't. 560, 50, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. May you see, the people who go to these events. And maybe the sunrise, and sunrise, macaroon is in the city. Sunrise itself, of course, is in the plant. They could just all enjoy. But macaroon, maybe should have been on it. Let's replace the yesterday. Because boy, you talk about a lot of plastic people. I'd say like maybe 50, 60% of people in there are just, you know, they're just there to show up and be seen and talk on a cell phone and smooth around. And, you know, and that, a very plastic place. So that's one of the reasons you don't get the kind of response to your respect. Because they don't really care anyway. They're not there to see whatever's going on. They show up for a few minutes. They make an appearance. They shake their heads. Oh, Jesus is not so good. And they go away. Why? I have no idea. Here's the mobile. And here's the appeal. Whatever. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been a seasoned takerholder of the Panthers since their second year. And you're definitely disgusted with the, with the news I heard you have to say, I couldn't believe they did that. I think they got a problem with the number 14. Yeah. Yeah. Now, anybody come in here. Should we're number 14. I'm not definitely not reviewing my season. Take a city mark till this team starts doing something work going to watch. Yeah, I think my mind got mad at me and called me a Panwagon jumper. But I'm certainly not. There's a difference between supporting your team and just being a soccer. Right. Exactly. I mean, when they're, when they're having a fire sale, so when you're not making any, any effort to put it easy and product out there, that's kind of me to be, you know, a fully fan that has to do with things smart, not just handed your money over, like you're being held up at gunpoint. Right. I don't mind a team. Well, I don't just have a lot of delusional. You know, if they're working towards something, if they're trying to put something together, after making effort like the first two years they were out there. I mean, the team was losing, but at least you saw the team was playing hard. And they were exciting. There was something to watch. But they just, they're just doing something now. And what's such a shame is here you have a probably one of the best players in the NFL. Yeah. I mean, I think it's just wasting the time of the guy. Well, you know, they were right in the paper this morning. One of the articles, I guess it was a credit code tax about how they always used to moan about wasting the marino years with the dolphins. And they're talking about wasting the brewery years with the Panthers. But I mean, there's really no comparison because in the least, Marino had some kind of a supporting cast. He had receivers that throw to, but here, I mean, they've taken, they've got it a whole team. And basically, we got a couple of players. There isn't anybody else besides brewery that anybody in the style would go on and say, hey, I'll pay to go watch so and so play on that team. I mean, I'll come out Friday to see Murray O. Play, but unfortunately, he's on another team. Yeah. And I'm just into it. Change owners and start doing something. I'm not going to go back there and spend that much money. Okay, pal. I know. See you. Yeah, especially with everybody losing their money in the stock market. You know, just stick it under the mattress instead of handing over to Wayne. Here's a mobile and Margie. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, yes. Let me say it again. Yes, is your forward heater? Do you hear me? I guess not. Phone no good. NG. Here's a mobile and four miles. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to let the other 50 or 60 people know here on the southwest coast. They don't have to listen to seven, seven to afternoon. We can get you on five, 60. When we have an overcast day like we have today. Great. There you go. Okay, I say that's all we need you the most. Okay. Keep it up. Thanks very much. Thank you so much. Thanks for the info. Thanks for the input and the output. Look at this phone here. What's going on? All of a sudden. Again, we have another phone front. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Mobile in sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You do hear that both high moron on. Thanks, show yesterday trying to explain everybody. I didn't hear yesterday. I heard this morning. I was in the control room. I was screaming and ready to jump out the window. I was so aggravated. I heard that. Oh, my god. What do they just? I mean, they were all the sports out of this whole town and just leave us deep. Yeah. This is just amazing. For anybody in their right mind to think that this isn't just a fire. So you get rid of the only other person that anybody in the town wants to be beside and then try to get everybody to believe that you did it because it's better for the team. Yeah. How would he think it? He said, you know, 30 goals twice, 29 goals the third year led the team and every category, offensively until Burre got here and then was number two and every offensive category. This opinion is going to offense. They got Burre and Burre and Burre and Burre and Burre. They got one guy who can score and nobody else. Who the hell's going to pay to go see that? Exactly. No, that's the other thing that this is going to be offensive. You know, I like to make sure that's all the time. But could he throw any more softball and stuff anymore all with this guy that he can get to do it? I didn't hear it. Well, you need to get that. Any questions at all? Just let these guys be well. I'm going to say, I got to say this. I don't understand why Hank even talks about hockey. I mean, it's okay when he's got Randy on there. I'm through this because Randy, you know, played the game and those it covers it. But Hank doesn't he doesn't follow the game. He has no interest in it. I don't even know why he talks about it because he knows nothing about it. Yeah. Well, we're improving. Certainly the peak that don't try wearing each day. Okay, but he's doing well with the ladies. That's what I hear. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's a mobile-in-four-later deal. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yes, I am. John? I'm on, you're on. You're on. Yeah. Okay. I live in sunrise and I don't have season tickets to the Panthers. Yes, sir. But I do have two boys for and 12 that would love to go to any games that are available. All these unhappy season tickets all the time. They want to send me their tickets. I'd be glad to take my two boys to any hockey games. Oh, in other words, you want to go for free as what you're saying. No, I paid for games, but I can't afford to go every week like these other guys can. Uh-huh. So in other words, you don't really care what they put out there. What kind of product is out there, you do. You would pay for it, but you want to go for free as what you're saying. No, I pay for games. Uh-huh. And you think that the product they're putting out there is worth of birth of their charging is? No, but I shouldn't. As if the payment for my two sons. Uh-huh. Okay, great. Well, go go Panhandle somewhere. We're still so money and buy some tickets for them. Free loader. How do you hear the tone in his voice? You know, here he's ready to muscle in typical, typical in his town. Anybody out there to watch this, see? And I raised on that guy to call about 50 minutes ago and I, if I'm reading that guy right, that guy would write a burn that took it to give me the wife the other same way. Okay, sir. I'd write a burn in the give me the one your two sons are whoever the hell it is. Your three sons. See, that you can't complain about the principal in his son because there is no. As long as somebody gets something for free, and I'll tell you, draw a full of Marlon tickets all you have many were gaming years. There was full of a dolphin tickets I give him away. Uh, Panhandle tickets I can't even give him away because nobody wants him. And this guy wouldn't give him to anyway. Keep prick. Now why don't you allow for the way in, okay? So, two cheap prick together. Only he's got money. How's that poor come in? 97 votes already? Which best describes your feelings about a way in high zinger? He's a rich prick who doesn't care about the fan 60, 62%. I wish I could look just like him the 30. 31%. He's a great man who brought baseball and hockey to solve for the five five out of ninety ninety seven. And two people say they have no opinion on him. In other words, who the hell is that? Who's that guy with a bald head and a grow test complexion? 24 level to five, who is he? Even asshole. Like I said, 24 level to five sixty wqm. All your play by play is quite years. It's quite a lot for the old five way. What's down here again? That's down. Oh, nice. Fort radio 560 qa m. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Come in. To the Hollywood School of the Torio. Former cancer reductions present. The Neal Rogers Review. A star's done an extra epic ending. He drew all your favorite Neal Rogers players. Two full hours of first experiments on. Like the great color melody. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. This is a one-time I've done for the coach. No. For the one. I don't know what to do. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. I'm all. That's it. Well, how you all? Oh, no, man. And so, I thought you were on the edge. Where you were all? Oh, I don't know about you. There's a very bad thing. You're fair like some. You're a perfect human. And a addict. I can just enjoy. The ever popular Neal will balance the homo-touching on his feet. And I can't play this. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. And tell it. Try to keep it down with a crew and some bubble bath there. I'm going to get off the car. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. And I'm all in the bathroom. I'm just in the bathroom. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? You're under what it's all for. When you spend the evening of that, then I'll interview you. The Neal Rogers would do it. It gets a handle, though. It all better. It's a cashy store. That's 25. I've picked you up and hear my ask you something. What's the... OK, just checking. But some of the strange has happened there all one and two. Nothing I'm nervous about it. What is it? I'm just a mouth-breathe calling on it. Oh. Here's the cruel game. It's a lot. I mean, when you say people in the cab don't care about hockey, you're right. Stop talking about it, please. OK, great. I'll talk about whatever now I want to talk about. OK, sir. It's a big story here today. And if you don't like it, find something else to do. This is the most unbelievable place in the world. OK. The only place where anybody would have the hoods, but a call up somebody on a radio and say, stop talking about this. Not that he's got anything else to talk about. I've had that same kind of call 80 billion times in the 25 years. Well, what do you want to talk about? Or I don't know, but anything else. I don't know, but... but yeah, right. Go find the life. Go out, jerk off for a couple hours. OK. Go get a... a... a playmate. Go find a durable. And... Get out of the way. Right. And that's one of the problems here. This is a one-dimensional horse and buggy town. And when you find out what they are interested in, besides that boy took a couple of days ago about people who won't speak English, that's what they're interested in. They hate the Cuban, the Cuban, they hate them. Fuck off off off off off off off off off off off off off. You know, there's no point in talking about. We already know that. Now what? You know, Georgian Crystal haven't done it in this week, probably at now one. You know, to go back to that punk. Here's Margie. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I think... First of all, on terms of harness drivers, carmen. No, we're not doing harness. No, no, no. So what's the biggest problem, is Neil? Hello. Yeah, I'm listening. Yeah, the biggest problem is the scheduling. We have these two stadiums as arenas, as if there are in two different worlds. Like tonight, for example, I have tickets to both the heat game and the Panther game. This happens in less months. The overlap has happened. Sir, what's our thought? It's not the biggest problem. The biggest problem is that the prices are ridiculous and the quality of the product blows. I could agree with you more, but that is the problem. It's physically impossible to even show up. I got tickets for both things. One of them is going to be empty. Yeah. You know, in New York, you know, the ranges and the next they share a building. And I ask you something. How many people go to see the islanders in New York? There. Oh, okay. Thank you. See, here's a guy who doesn't want to come in a minute. And I'm not talking about hockey. I'm talking about the whole syndrome here. Of so-called professional sports and gritty billionaire business people who want to take public money. We're not talking about hockey. We're talking about all whole business here. Because that's all it is anymore. They destroyed it. They've butcher it. All of it. They've taken a goddamn fun, where they've taken a heart right out of it. And that's why it just amazes me. That all these same people that were... I get in and that come to me at those games when I do show up. Gee, you know, why you've been to me, Mr. What you're going to be missing me a lot. Because I was set for Saturday. I'm not going to be there. Whatever they got left, I won't be there. Can we have your ticket? No. And there ought to be a lot of other people making a stable denty sheets too, but I wouldn't waste my time. I can't even get them to call much less too. You know, they can't even kind of a statement by doing something or not showing up even. Because they won't do it. I've told you that before. They absolutely won't do it. Here's Miami. Here's Miami. Here's Miami. Okay. Good. Good one. Del Rey Beach. Del Rey Beach. Del Rey. Yes, sir. Jim McLean, call. Yes? I understand. Tell me how you showed today. No. Oh, he's not. No. Not what I know. Well, I understood from him that he was going to be on it today. Yeah. But, uh... Not that I know, huh? Well, that's, uh, he probably thought we could have fallen in. Is that the case? There would be news to me. Okay, buddy. Thank you very much. Good program. Okay. Okay. Give it up. Bye bye. Say hi to Marty Stucker. Okay. Bye bye. Wow. You know, all these years that I've grown out there and all these people have come up to me in a million times that I've said you couldn't get them to call for a lover money on this guy damn show. And you know something. I'm being starting to think that the people of this time get what they deserve. You get just what you deserve. If you're willing to go and pay for crap. Like somebody's holding the gun to your head. You go right ahead. Okay. I'll pass on it. And the guy that call from the Gables is absolutely right. You're a correcter. Let's talk about anything else because these people don't give a crap. All these shoes that come up to me. But I mean, but I'm not going to get any. Yeah, right. Where the hell are you? The call is free. The time is yours. Here's the chance to open up a mouth and say something and you won't even do it. They'll call all people that wouldn't know a guy damn hockey puck from their ass. And all of a, well, what do you think about that? Mike's telling you. I think I was people at who don't wouldn't know Mike's telling you. If he had a crosscheck in the guy that back of the neck. What a waste of energy and time, man. Here's a mobile and four-later Dale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, we talked earlier. Listen, I'd be willing to pay for 50% of your, What do we talk about here? What does that mean? Today? Well, yeah, we get out of here. Jack Ash. That's the guy with the two kids allegedly. You know, we talked earlier. Like he's going to keep called back. Drop dead, pal. Okay. Get a search party. Get a shovel. A dig a hole for yourself. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon. And give a drain set or a big kiss on the lips too. Okay. Why do you write it? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Looks like you're having a raving play again. Yeah. What's going on over there? Ray, what news got up? Yeah. Hey, listen. My dad is a little bit late. He is a little bit late. He's been on the track for years. And he's gone and tried Simpson has gone. And they got one player in a bunch of draft choices. Or maybe it's maybe it's for the better who knows. What does that mean? Well, just something needs to change around here. And the fans aren't, you know, that guy could call the couple. You know, a couple of callers. Well, what do you mean something needs to change around here? What does that statement mean, sir? Well, because this, you know, the fan sir or with the team or they're not? I mean, you know, if you want to make a statement, you don't like to just start play kicking for behind season tickets for basketball. And then start ran and raving these just do it for a infinity. Yeah. These are your true fans or you sit there in the fans and to do a push a lot. Nor were the two fan, just goes no matter what fail they do to the franchise. That's what you're saying, sir? So that kind of what happened all the times. What happened all the two fans from plain housing or gutter the Marlons after the world series? Were they not two fans because they didn't come back here in Assouls, sir? You're a idiot. You're a more on ...you're a jackass. God, how I'd like have asked you before, how could so many more lines line up in one place all the way again? I think it was an accident. Oh, no. By design, it's part of God's plan. Otherwise how could we do this show like this every day? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Mobile and Homestead, hello. Yeah, hi, you're clearing. You're clearing, you're taking my call. God, bunch of retarders calling in. Really? Yeah, okay, well listen, you know, in the morning, wake up, get the paper, see the trade I go, just lovely. This reminds me of that bogus move that they made for that stiff guy when they traded wooly and, well, that's the ancient history. I mean, they've been doing it consistently for years. Right. I mean, ever since that trade, everything went downhill. Right. And I'm talking about, I was, I was putting in friends with Bill Lindsay, okay? Yeah. And the fact that guy is, you know, the smile shook his hand one day, turn around, stabbed it in the back of his hand. Exactly. Way worse in sports. It works so a lot of guys that way. That's the way. You know, the upper management and all this. Yeah. But the thing is, is that I see how the owners are getting more and more greedy and things are getting, you know, really out of hand. I think these professional athletes such as hockey, maybe basketball are taking it differently, you know. They are, you know, this is just why I didn't. I think that there's something in the problem saying that, you know, why, why do we have to deal with stuff like this? Why are they being like this? And why should we give all was 100%, which I think they do? But sometimes I think they get the raw deal. And that, you know, sometimes they get the raw deal, basket ball player should that are making guy who guys who could not order a damn name. No, I'm talking about the literate jackasses who can't even put a sentence together except maybe 10 to 20. And you think that maybe they shouldn't be putting out an effort because they're being treated poorly. Most of the guys in professional sports should be kissing the ground that they're making millions and millions of dollars a year. And you're giving me a solid answer to that. They got a bad attitude. And maybe they shouldn't put out. And you're telling me I got a bunch of morons gone in here today. Wow. Hurley Toledo is somebody would say if he were still alive. Is he still alive? Oh, I still been. Man. I think a lot of you people belong in Toledo. It's a good place for it to toilet. God, as usual, I'm getting all worked up to a friend of you and they're like, well, they're like that. You can't complain about the Panther fans because we don't have any. We don't have any. We don't have hockey fans in his stuff. We don't have any fans. We got people for mask waiting his football fans in this one horse, a bull crap town who wouldn't know how football they stuck what up they're hasn't inflated it. That's what we got. Just like Tori Sian, oh, yeah, well, I'm like Jimmy Johnson. I believe in draft picks. Well, he sure did a good job. They're Nick. That's going Jimmy. So the dynasty here. Laughing all the way to the bank. Laughing all of you suckers out there. Now keep subsidizing crap. Watered down crap. See, you're not going to get upset. So I will. I'll get upset. 1056 at 5.60 QM. Fort radio 5.60 WKM Miami port Loderdale, a measly broadcast group station. WKM.com or the world. And beat that jitter me. Yeah, there's so you can hang in round. Think every party put me down. Cause everybody's nice to you. Always talk to you, play me for the truth. You're a beautiful man who I tried to do. Next time that I go to sleep. And shooting you. They call me means they say I flow. Now I'm the president feeling low. I'll get my daddy's done one day. And I'm gonna flirt and I'm all the way. Don't lose the matter what I try to do. Next time that I go to sleep. I'm shooting you. I can't get you to go. If you slow matter what I try to do. Next time that I go to sleep. I'm shooting you. Come on up to a five-sister. You can go to the QM website. If there's anybody have any comments. I'll show you how to get too much of it from this crowd. What do you think of the path is trades on WKM.com. Here's the first one I'm seeing on here. What are the answers? Wayne Cheats fans again. Hey, Bill Tory and Wayne H. Thanks for the great trades. So, the first one I'm reading there on QM.com. But at least I got a response which is more than working. And, what is it? Subaru and QM presents the 2001 Collatube Sistiria Contest. Starting today log onto QM.com. Start making your selections for round one of the NCAA tournament. Prizes will be given away after each round of the grand prize winner walks away with a thousand bucks courtesy of Subaru Reports Radio 560. QM don't forget Hank will have his NCAA tournament preview show of QM. No no problem, Clarence. Get on here. Okay, let's continue trying to sing a song. Putting on a happy face. Here's a level of no-clin park. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. I think this was, I think everybody's misleading. This was a pretty good trade with me has been hurt. I mean, he's not. This Adam's got nothing but a scene in play. I don't think he should be playing on the third line. Sir, I've seen Kevin Adams played. What tended he play for over last year? I think he should actually put him on the second line. Sir, what the hell? This is the guy again. Yeah, the idiot. Reverend Jones. Well, see if you don't have any real colors left anymore. All we have left is a crank. And then the one guy would is a two kid he picked up on the street corner. That's it. Okay, I'll tell you what I'll sit back and wait. I'm not going to bust my balls here. I'm going to sit back and wait. Like the guy said, you know, when you're not getting paid in the big bucks. So who's going to put out a great effort? Why the hell should I? We'll wait till that lunch comes in for a steak and shake. Right? How will this? Five, six, seven, five, sixty. And you know, I never learned my lesson. Chris Wells business. I wasted the whole guy. They've audience down the tombs with that wasted all of those months with a. We love you, planted. It's it's selling how a vah in type bed. You know, what's the point? It doesn't exist here. The fedtick. Here's sunrise. Hello. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm just calling about the panther thing again. A couple weeks ago, I went to the pressure's game with my wife and kids. And I wanted to take a measure to get tickets. And I really feel like spending money for the expensive tickets. So I brought, you know, the cheaper ones. And there's a suggested by the Panther packet. So I said, okay, bye bye, those. Yeah. I mean, those seats have to be the worst in the stadium. They're so high up at the separate was where I was sitting. Lady, I came in the seat in front of us, walks in. And she must have paid the price of $25. I guess for her, that she's like, I thought, up there was a nose-based piece. And I got her and no honey. This is all those lead seats. And she can believe how bad the seats were or what you had to pay. I mean, it was ridiculous. Yeah. I mean, a family of four going to a game. You know, it's been $100 just for tickets. And a guy for a big one, a buy, soda or popcorn. Right. That's right. A crap STM like that. And it's just, it's a sin, really. It does what they charge. You're absolutely correct, sir. I couldn't say it better myself. It's criminal. There are people in jail for less of crimes than what they're doing in the public. Exactly. And my kid did a good time. And they're just driving me crazy to go back again. But I absolutely will not support a team that doesn't give a crap about their fans. And we'll not, you know, put an effort out there to try and recognize what's going on in hockey today. And it just goes back to, I'll tell you a while ago when McLean was coaching team. I ran into him at a country club where McLean's a sponsor I live. And I asked him, I said, you know, hey, coach, what's going on with, you know, Monteness Rocker? Why don't you use him more? That is great. You guys don't even put him on the ice. I don't understand why. He's like, well, we have plans for him. And, you know, we're using in different ways, but he's really not put out major ones. I'm saying this guy, I'm not talking about. Yeah. And just evidence that's the whole organization. So I have a clue what's going on. Okay, pal. Thanks, Neil. Keep the bill in the can do it. Good luck to you. Bye, pal. I'll see you on the outside. Outside the arena, not on the inside. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Mobile and Pompino, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. I just have to start to cry about that. You couldn't be more right about the billionaire owners who expect the public to be supporting their playfields. The public, the pipe on the Miami arena, they took the pipe because 2 billion there, ego maniacs, hours in in high-zenga could not go within one stadium. So we had a bill too. Now, JJ Henry goes ahead and overpaves for a team and expects us to build a stadium for. Yeah. I mean, where's it all ending? I mean, it's an old way to have to say forget about it. You want to move out of the stadium for the stadium? Yeah. You can be the message just for get about it. I mean, but basically, look, people are not going to operate no women in stadium and that's a 40-meteen now. So maybe the first year they'll go out of curiosity and after that they won't go. Okay, my friend. Thanks a lot. Are we a bit of a cheat? Here's Coral Gable, so long. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Last night was watching ESPN catching some of the coverage on the trades. And immediately exactly the same thing. I thought having come from Boston and I knew that Kevin Adams was drafted by the bro in several years back. He collaged player. And he is despite the fact that I'm sure he might be a wonderful person. He's nothing as far as hockey player, especially when you're talking about a cylinder, Simpson and Whitney having left the team. Right. Who's going to score all those goals that Whitney was expected to score? The 30 goals is a season these scored three years in a row. Precisely. And you can't point to the fact that he's had an off-year and then injured. I mean, look at which Steve Hines has done in Columbus when he left the bro. He's had a great year. Look what McGeckron did. He went from Pittsburgh to Boston. He came back to his hometown. He went off to Ottawa. He was turning to a total superstar. Right. So now Whitney's going to leave. And he's going to go off and turn into another superstar in another city. Yeah, because you'll get a chance to play in the first line and on the Paul play and it's from medicine on ice time and he'll be a star in Columbus. And you have not seen anything in terms of like a conventional trade take place. You've seen three draft pick up to the team. So what they've done is unloaded a lot of showers. Right. That's right. It's not hard to tell you. You're going to try to pack it up. And then Corey gets on TV last night with a real top attitude and sort of, yeah, you know, the fans want changes to be made and that's the way things are going to go. And he's talking up. Sit there, listen to the guy. I'm going listen. You're full of it. The reason you did this was to get rid of the fat salaries. So you can bring it about. You can take it as a costume, nothing and make the sale of the team a little bit more attractive with a smaller payroll and bring down the price. Maybe to get it sold. I don't know what the other reason for it could be because it certainly didn't make any hockey sense. No. whatsoever. And absolutely, I mean, the fans of this town and, you know, I like, I love hockey and I played all, I played baseball football all at a high decent level as a kid growing up and into college and everything else. And I can tell you it's the hardest sport to play. It's the hardest sport to become excellent that. And if you go to the games, it's the best sport to watch maybe next to football. Absolutely. We got a perfectly in person exciting. How of a game and this guy has done nothing to put a good product on the eyes down here. So people should do everything they can to not go and support the team until they turn things around or sell it to somebody who cares. Oh, well, you can count on me. Good deal. Okay. Take care. See you. We're not there. 10 times 11 at 5.60 WQA. I'm attention, bro. Accounty. Were you fudge back then? Hey, let's eat on Italian tonight. No, let's eat Jamaica, man. Now you're both with the new Italian Jamaica and West restaurants. Lunch will be a lunch with a more yet eatable hungry or you can't try to be Italian. Tell me, featuring the patron lettuce and Jamaica sandwich. It's lunch of a ganger. And let me roll you a big canoony. A big mally bomber. Cool. And lunch will be a ganger. That Tony a big Curtis personally smoked all the meats we serve. Come on. Throw me the knife. I'm going back to the smoke out. For a pin strikes to win strikes. You'll really love Montyla Ganger. It doesn't matter which on the menu. You'll want it all. A secret bling to fruitless places. Well, mostly herbs. Eight hours. That's it. John. We're going to make them all. It's on 50 and five, 60 WQA. I'm happy when they two. And one of the things, of course, the way they try to pedal this light. Not only the micro so-called a couple of weeks ago, set it up for the very Whitney Deal. While he was a complainer, he was a cook breeder, he was this, he was whatever. One thing of Ray Whitney and the Todd Simpson and Mike Sylvain Jalsibut all three of them. Any one of the three had more class than the entire organization put together. Leave it at that. Three Clancy players. Three good Talwood players. Three good guys. Had class, which is something totally lacking in the organization. Don't care about the fans. Don't care about anybody except making sure that ball the gets his money. I mean, the stories are led to you. They've only had the building now. We're in the food year. You could write a book about this stuff. The usher's all the crap, all of these things. But boy, they're sure throwing a lot of nice t-shirts up there in the crowd. That's the important stuff. They keep that blip going and dropping that stuff in the crowd. That's the important stuff. That's what makes it a real enjoyable evening. Here's plantation. Hello. Yeah. Last one of the bad just, uh, transfer down here. It was one day, uh, I want to see San Jose. Yes, sir. And first time here, and I pulled in, it was $10 a park. And I, uh, was about 500 feet from the front door. It took, when there was 30 minutes for the puck drop, got to, uh, to get, came to $98 for, for, for, um, one, two of them was about $2. And, and a great time. I don't know your problem is down here. You guys got it made. What, what does that mean? Well, we're all getting you going, you know, in the company, 10 bucks a park. It's been a very, very, very, very far. And what else can you go for, like, $200, yeah. That sounds like a real bargain. So a great game, San Jose. That was not a great game. Can't wait to go tonight. Uh-huh. And I know we'll see if we're going to be available again. Oh, there we tend to see it's available, yeah. And, uh, I can't, I'm looking forward to it. I think the PFC is down here, and we're wonderful. And, uh, we're like, do we have them? We're lucky we have them? We're lucky we have them. Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. Good. Hope you enjoy yourself, sir. Thank you. And this is the one of the most contriped put up calls I ever heard in my life. Is this got full on anybody? Oh, no, he is not. Totally contriped totally. And here's our lunch from steak and shake. There you go. I don't see Josh anywhere. He's probably hiding in the car. That's okay. And your tickets are there. And I hope you have a wonderful time. And don't be making a habit of going there, though, because we're discouraging people. Yeah, this last guy, this another setup call, there for you. It was only 200 bucks and only 10 bucks to park. What a bargain, baby. See if they if they paid me 10 bucks to park there. When I go in, I'm going to spend two or three hours of my time. Even his boring is like maybe down here. I like expect this. He's something that are taining. Enter taining. Interesting. Exciting. Something. Worth going to. Something that makes the effort for. Haven't seen it very much. Last several years now. Not just now, but for seven years. We're still waiting on it. And every time it looks like they're on the verge, they dismantle it because way needs to make some money. He needs to dump the organization. So don't come in here first with your phone call. What's your luck? Just got transferred down here. You're not fooling anybody, pal. Have a wonderful time. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hey. Yes, man. Neil, you're great. I love your show. I think this guy's an asshole. It was a setup call. It's obvious that it is long. Yeah. Yeah. And wait. He's on great game. He's garbage. When he's in his garbage. He needs to go to New York or something. He's getting out of here. Yeah. I hate him. So some caller. I love you show. Okay. Thanks. What did you say? Anybody know what you said? No. She's a lot of the show. Okay. Don't be talking with your mouth. God damn it. I know the head on your ginger. They say, I can't eat those. I don't. So I will. Okay. Great. Have a good time. We're Josh. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Now we're starting to cook. How late? Oh no. Now we're starting to eat is what I meant. Thank you very much, shareholders. Talk with shakes. Those are the best. That's the greatest thing with a whipped cream and that little cherry on top. What the hell? I'm more of any white man want. Thank you very much. And enjoy the game. Enjoy Mary or anyway. And Y'all. Say how to Marty Strock before it's still while you're there. How about a player? All the good players that night. They'll be on the other team except Paul Velocros and Bobby. Here's a mobile in a bokeh. Hello. I'm going to be on the right. Great. There it sounds like it. Very professional man. Yeah right. I get paid regardless. You know what I'm saying? I'm not going to get upset. If these people like having it stuck way up in there and they're a butt that's fine. If they're enjoying it, if they're enjoying it, they're a blood bad great. I'll tell you what. My registration from my truck comes up for renewal. I am getting rid of my pants or peg. You hit it right on the head. Promise? Queen eyes absolutely. No heart whatsoever. I mean, if that last guy was serious, all I'm going to say is, of course, if he's a newcomer, that maybe he hasn't had the punishment ever. But how many times can they stick into it before the public climate says, hey, we're going to stick it back. I think it was Wayne nephew. Could be. Maybe this is boyfriend. Maybe this is son's boyfriend. Wayne showed what kind of person he was when he got rid of dog McLean and brought in the Murrays. Yeah, because he didn't like dogs like that. He didn't like dogs language, right? Right. That says all right there. We got a good coach, had a good team. And just like everything else that Wayne gets to stand on, it's all about the dollar. That's right. Public. Okay. Good luck, you pal. Went and dealt with that thing out. Oh, this is good. Making onions. I'm not eating the bun by the way. I'll notice all I will have my chocolate milkshake. I've got a right here. I'm just saying I'm not eating the buns, but I'm having the chocolate milkshake, which is cheating. Of course. Am I going to cheat on you? Are you back for this? No. I'm sick of bacon on this. Yeah. I bet you Josh made these because they really taste extra good. Uh-huh. Well. Hmm. What was that good? See those tickets came in great. George and I get a great lunch. Nice going there, Mario. And of course, nobody want to go see that came in anyway for a mario painter. Which is a hell of a commentary. But people have to shop like I will Saturday because they want to see the other team. That's quite a commentary. You got going there Mr. Boatai. You're not fooling anybody. But I'm glad to hear that you're getting some good action. That's what I'm here in this morning. Here's Kendall. Hello. Mr. Walker. Yes sir. Good. Uh, you're saying that you're going through the, um, Toronto game? That's what I just said. Yes. It's a bit hypocritical, what you think? No, I don't think so at all. You pay for the park, you pay for your 30s. No, I don't pay for it. I don't pay for it. Yeah, okay. Blow out your ass. Mm-hmm. Now I'm going to see the lease. And I'm glad you enjoy the show. 560, 560, 560. It's interesting that evidently all the Wayne's Boyfriends are crawling here today. You're right to the public. Most of them, they're sitting there. Mom, all those people, all those Indians of people. Oh, no. And you're so wonderful. You're the hockey man. Yeah. What the hell are they? I've been waiting all these years to hear from them. We're going to hear from them. Oh, they won't call. I could sit here and jump up and down like Wemble Stilskins. They won't call. Here's a mobile in Hope, sound. Hello. Yeah, no. Yeah. I've just been listening. I'm a native's got your little cranky today. You got to go out. No, no, no. I'm not going to go out there. Let me say it again. I'm not the least bit cranky. I'm having a great lunch. Well, I mean, I'd say, heard you fire in a little bit. So I thought I'd call you. I'm not going to talk about hockey. I don't talk about harness or early on. Either the election. What are you going to talk about? Well, I just call the reminds you. You know, look at the bright side of it. The tire, stretchy, coolio, throughout that. Yeah. Have a good day. I'm not going to talk about hockey. I've never seen anything like that. That's not the reason why I'm talking about hockey. What do you want to talk about? Well, and see, come and put some bogus, really weak material. Was it weak or terrible? awful. I wouldn't wish it on the pope. Snappy dress, though. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, see, the thing that gets to me is, these people don't get it. Take this, don't get it. So he's talking about hockey again. No, I'm not. I'm talking about how many times can you take it up the butt. Black toe. Painfully and still come back from more punishment. Because for me, when I finally reach the point where I've said, okay, that's it. Bye-bye. That's got to tell you something. That's got to tell you volumes. Because I'm not one of those people that showed up there to be seen or to a schmooze or to talk on my cell phone or to whatever. To socialize. But you can only screw people over so many times and finally say, okay, just to hold with it. Free tickets and all. Free whatever and all. Stick it. And that's exactly what you can do when you can stick it and all the other God dim. Mindless assholes over there in that organization. Stuff it. All you humorless morons. Thin skin scumbags. Who can't handle the truth. To expect the people to make give you a donation every time you decide to play one of your silly games. I've told you, I told you four or five years ago that the end was near for all of this stuff. And you wonder what's happening with American society where young people can't go and have a good time and they have nothing to look up to. I mean when the greed factor reaches this point. Then there's no hope for it. You're going to have to find some other kind of entertainment. Come out of swing club on every street corner. Yeah, we keep the BSO busy anyway. Give me something to do. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I've seen it the high began to come up and sit alone and post a normally don't call but I'm calling today because Wayne is a franchise killer. Did this with the marlins he's doing it with the Panthers. I've been a season ticket holder some day one. But this all started last year or probably before that when they created a Lashon Burke for cheap. And then we had to trade away rack to work for a goalie that sucked. And it's just going on and on. What do you mean they traded away ratac devour for a goalie that sucks? What does that mean? Mike Varna. Mike was an over-the-hill goalie. They got Mike Varna and for ratac devourack. So that again? They got Mike Varna and for ratac devourack. I thought they were traded ratac to the Rangers. Yeah, we got Mike Varna. Yeah, that was a three-teen trade. Yeah, no, that's right. You're right. So you know, Mike Varna's worked with all of our games. Radics got 25 goals. So it's just on and on and on. And what did we get to this we traded? So-and-jure for the drafts. Yeah, well, let's go back down. So we got a bunch of drafts. We got a bunch of moths. Youngsters in the organization, right? Yeah. That's what I got to say. Okay, sure. Well, there'll be a lot of the ways you can spend your money and have a good time. Okay. I'll go out to root-scristenk. That's right. That 200 bucks to guy enjoyed so much last Wednesday. That would have bought him and then somebody really nice meal. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 10, 11, 27, a Q-way. Can I attention? Please. It's South Florida Sports Center talking about it. We're talking about it. I have found interesting. Sports radio 560, Q-A and Combo Saby, Complain with these chiddy. New on Jena Records. If that mixed into our off-the-packle bell commercials, singing like you've never heard him before. Which of course you haven't heard him sing like this before? Because this is the first time he's ever sung today. I hit, licky my foot, then day king, gonna nap. Oh, oh, oh, this we didn't sing. But Taco Bell God sings today. He's had it. He keeps you all the big hit you love. sung by a little God. You can put up with most of the time. I like to walk. Here I go again. I'm gonna go back to the neighbor's club. I like to walk. So here I go again. I'm gonna try to up the wall. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. But little Taco Bell dog has many more. And you'll hear him express them all right here. Walking time starts about the time that my bladder can't hold anymore. Well, we gotta be walking time to better find leash before I've got to strike on your floor. Oh, I can't hold myself to hold their long. That is my short half this pencil straw. Oh, you'll get a stick of beads. But Taco Bell dog sings today. He's on hits. It's guaranteed to be harder than that last big beat for really. Order it to try through. 113, 2, 5, 60, W, Q, I, N. On a wonderful win to be. Just keep saying that to yourself. It's a wonderful win to. Hey, the fact that we got a lot of crazy people out there. Is that something new? No. No. We're used to it. 253 people on our pool so far on thealogers.com. Which best describes your feelings about Wayne Hyzinga? He's a rich prick who doesn't care about the fan. Kim, 73 said that. Oh, at the power of the cringey again. He's a great man who just brought baseball on hockey to South Florida. 14 people out of 153 say that. Only 5 per and a half percent. 11 people say I have no opinion about him. In other words, Kim. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a medley. Hello. Bill. Yes sir. Good morning. Good morning, too. We spoke last week. And like you said, you psychic necker must be coming through. Remember when you talked about when they were talking about taking Marty's truck and you said the same thing. And now, but with Ray Widdling. We talked about it when there was no question that they were trading Ray Widdling. There was no doubt in my mind. Well, again, while you're saying this is the medley success. You know, they had a good chemistry in the team that they had here. And they started picking a part piece by piece. But if there's one good thing, I don't know if you saw that night. If you saw the devil's adolescent game? No. I saw a little bit of it. Yeah, they pulled Patrick. I know you liked that. Oh, did they? Yeah. This quarter six three. Oh, really? Yes. I saw the second goal was a beautiful power play goal. But then I was at Watson's home. Yeah, I know. Yeah. I will think it out. I say, why? I'm sure news. This watching this is happening. That's the best news I heard all day. Thanks for the good news sir. Oh, are you taking it? I'll even try. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. She won't think about the people of South Florida. They don't know what they want. They do know what they don't want. Which is generally whatever I'm talking about. Oh, we don't want to hear about it. Oh, we don't want that. It's like if you have a little kid, you know, you put something on the table for dinner. Oh, I don't want that. Oh, how about this? No, I don't want that. But what do you want? I don't know, but I don't want that. Whatever you made, that's what I don't want. I'm sure a lot of you can relate to that. Oh, yeah. Whatever it is, I don't want it. What do you want? I don't know. But not that. Well, how about this? How about Josh? Just a joke, Josh. Don't let him give you any crap. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Everything that man touches turns the crap. For us. Turn the gold for him and crap for us. Every business he's ever been involved with. You look back as turned the garbage. Yeah. Anything he's involved. I gave up my half of that. Well, that's garbage. That's his middle name. He's the garbage. He's the garbage. He's the garbage. He's starting the bigger garbage. I gave up my tickets for the pants as a couple years ago, because the writing was on the wall. I gave up my dolphin, club seats after the first 10 year lead was up because he tried to rob everybody. It's just unbelievable. Totally unbelievable. Yeah. The dolphins are next. I mean, he's going to ruin that team also. I mean, Jimmy, BSM into a job. You know, once at the S, him into a job. Marty can't hear Doug say the MS word, but Jimmy can bring in every criminal that's right. Right. That's a good point. Excellent point. I mean, it's unbelievable. Every criminal. Yeah. Okay. Like he said, mother. Or something like that. Yeah. We don't want to say that. We want to get Marty upset. That good he too. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Herd you mentioned Ruth's crit. I found we got a chance to go there. Right. Uh, Jesus, Drinks are great. My soup may appetizer is great. Me came. It was over cooked. I was speechless. Really? I think they, uh, which one was this? I don't want to afford waterdale. It was the meat was all over cook. But you know what are you going to do? You're going to take it back, you know, by the time. Yeah. When you're paying that kind of money, you're said it back. Well, the guy didn't come till halfway through. Everybody else was done eating their meat. I would have had to wait from the cook another one. I was just so speechless. I was like, I'm going to do. I don't know. I mean, I mean, they're eight trillion times. They've never had anything that wasn't spectacular. No, I had anything at Ruth's request. I wasn't outstanding. And Vegas in, uh, for waterdale. Anyone I've ever eaten that. I always been top notch. They have such great reputation. There you go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. How did I know that was coming, huh? How did I know it? You wanted to why? He's an asshole. Yeah, that's why. Here's waterdale by the sea, hello. I was hoping you were going to catch those two. You're the ladies kind of shorts. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. I said, I'm sorry. Oh, boy, well, George got the quick finger. I'm going to be going out to the arena tonight. I got a free invitation. Thanks to get together that they're having out there. So I will do some behind the scenes snooping around. But isn't it amazing how Peter were well? Is still around? No, it's not amazing at all. I mean, they pettled him to the public as if he's a real player. And whatever, we didn't. I guess he played fairly cheap. And who knows? I don't know. No, I did. I was trying to push the ethnic diversers. No, I don't think it has anything to do with that. I think they've made him into a fan favorite for whatever reason. And they, he's a substitute for talent for quality. Yeah, I mean, just like all the BS with Robbie, the way they keep doing this big PR game of Robbie, Robbie. They've been trying to sell Robbie for years now. And it's not working. It's never going to work. No, they tried to recruit well. It's also after the police. No, please. Just trees. No. No. Who was it that was saying it's on the paper yesterday that if need him, there was going to be possible trading. Neither Meyer was going to. Had somewhere else on over years there talking. Had there was a rumor going to the blue jackets or whatever. I don't know. But it was in the paper yesterday. It's just. Well, what what happens is I make the trading deadline is coming going. He won't anywhere. I know. It's amazing. Joe, when I was going to get side here, he actually starts improving. Yeah, you know, that's the good point. You notice that almost every player that's ever left that organization is going on and played a hell of a lot better. Any place else they went, whether it's any, whether it's wet Warner or Stu Barnes or Marty Stuaca, the players that leave here, they go other places and then become stars. They're including a lot of the young players too. Yeah, the only person that that's that's not true for his van. Bees broke him seems to have gone downhill. Well, he's he can't. You can't. It's only forever, probably. Oh, you're right. And listen, by the way, I think it's just a wish you happy anniversary. So belated. And I will report back with you. Thanks. Okay. Thank you so much. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound 5, 60 on the AT and T and Verizon. Why was one? Hey, tremendous outpouring of a most near today. No, not, not as that of surprise. No. We love our parents. There is no. Yes, we do. We're really silly. Yeah, we are. We're very silly bunch of people here. It's a very silly silly town. But how come I'm that laughing? Oh, fussy nads. Where your brother is the soul? And your brother is the whole, and he's the whole. And he's the whole, and he's the whole. And your brother is the whole, and he's the whole, and he's the whole. And he's the whole. But he becomes around and the fog is to be found in me. Or in me. Where your brother, you is the couple. And we're going to wait. And he's the whole, and he's the only thing he's got on his plate. When you lie in a few meals, the controversy fell another day. We're going to wait, you know, because your brother is the whole, and he's the whole, and he's the whole. And he's the whole, and he's the whole, and he's the whole, and he's the whole, and he's the whole. And he's the whole, and he's the whole. My buddies, it comes around as the ones who've been found in me. Where are they? Now, a bench is starting and you have a earthen age, and he's rich. And you're probably a little old, run to find your backings and your kids. And though it is the ban, you better choose to live your way in the room. And the only reason why you're the one who's the whole, and he's the whole, and he's the whole. It's worth worth. Yeah, he's the whole, and he's the whole, and he's the whole, and he's the whole, and he's the whole, and he's the whole. And many because around it the podcast is about the entry for every day. I'm in 1947 at 5.60. And here's a facts. It's about the fourth one we've heard from this chronic. You're sure sucks today. I'll buy you a lunch and stay can check for a week if you stop this hockey, Schmidt. You're audience who could care less about hates this subject. Oh, you're audience who you care less about hates this subject. You always say it's not a sport, you're a stop to bullshit. And I'm going to stop talking about what I think I want to talk about. No, no. No, I'm going to say what needs to be said. And if people out there are too stupid or too lazy or too idiotic, too idiotic, too a discussion, that's too bad. Screw them. And additional, which is a guy that's about the 85th fact he's already sent this morning. Is he calling? Oh, he got anything to say? Oh, no. No. What does he want to talk about? Does he know? No, no. Like I said before. Oh, I don't want that. What do you want? Oh, I don't know, but I don't want that. Whatever you've got, I don't want it. 5.60, 5.60, 5.60, on the AT&T, and for Ryan's and what it was blind. Here's a mobile in Pompano, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I don't think it's just about sport. So also about business, and I think Wayne is certainly a third-text. People that spend 200 bucks a night, how long are the four individuals? I guess I'm fortunate. And I can afford a suite. I'm stuck with another six or seven years on a ten year lease. Oh, my God. 100,000 dollars a year for a lease. Ah. What do I do? Russian rule that sounds good to me. Yeah, that's about it. So whatever, I just stick with there, and hopefully that we can get a team together. We can go to join our smooths. That's part of the funnig going there. Okay, pal. Good luck to you. Good luck. You'll need it. How you like that? Ten years at 100 grand. Sounds like a million dollars give a take to me. Don't that? Oh, my God. Make you want to uptrek that lunch you just have? Wow. 5.60, 750, 5.60, pound five, six beyond the AT&T, and for Ryan's and Ryan's and Ryan's blind. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Just roll them in strations. Here's plantation, hello. How you doing? I'm an exterminator. You got some bug in you? What is this? I'm an exterminator. You said you got some bugs there. Yeah. Do you need pest control there? No. You don't? No. All right. So you got a call. Okay, thanks. Thank you. Thanks for the offer. We don't like too many exterminators coming in here. You know what I mean? 5.60, and I'll sit back again in our wait. I'm going to enjoy my chocolate milkshake from steak and shake, which these are the best. These are, I would like a mulled, but they don't make mulled. I heard Hank talking about ice cream sodas last week. Morgan, the soda fountain in here. Yeah, that's just what we need, Hank. Is the soda fountain. And maybe like a place where we could like make banana splurks. Hank the bananas from the ceiling. That was fun. And then maybe they can various like in those elevators over there. It can use this as weights. 5.60, pound 5.60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. See, this is the reason that he continues to be able to do this to the public because he can. Because there are enough there are thousands of people. Just like that game tonight, that Edmonton game. Here's the hottest team in the league. Good young exciting team. Am I going? No. No. But a lot of you suckers up there. You'll go. Well, we already got the tickets. Yeah. Great. That's good. Already paid for it. So might as well go and show your support for whether. See, this is it. Your massacists. If you want somebody sticking a tweet, just keep going back again and again. Then you can complain about it. Here's POPPINO. Hello. Yeah, maybe we'll get lucky and Wayne will get the guard. Yeah, that's a good idea. He deserves it. So right here, you can bleed, choke or die, basically. Really? Yeah. From good? Yeah. I'll be damned. Maybe he'll get that. If you need an exterminator. No. F. F. Greg. Because George is a good one. He's a good one. Okay, great. 560, 560, POPPINO. He's the hottest boring is your voice, though. There. Nobody. I've ever heard my life as boring as you. But thanks for the stuff. Here's a mobile and voche, hello. Hey, NIR, it's one in where you thought Paul Laj should play when he comes back. Up or back? What happens is a mate? I didn't hear you, right? I said, what difference does it make? I just wanted to be like him up for a moment. I don't like him up, Ronnie. Blong's done, but defense. He's not a forward, never will be. But what difference does he have exactly? What's the difference? What's the difference is a mate? It's about the only bright spot you can think about with the panthers. He's a mate. I don't think he's a mate. No, but wait a minute. So in other words, with everything that's gone on here in the last 24 hours, that's what you have to say. That that's what you have to talk about is where do I think Paul Laj should play when it comes back? I'm trying to be good, but I just can't. It's so depressing at the face for at least. Think about something. The him coming back is always a plot. No, no, no. Why don't you like being a dog? Why don't you be like a mature and intelligent adult in the say? Look, they made it very clear. They don't care. They're putting the swell out there. They don't care if we ever went another game until this man could unload and give his money out of it. And you want me to tell you what I think we're all my friend Paul Laj should play. What difference does it make? Why don't you have some common on what they're doing to the organization? Why don't you have something to say about that? Well, if you want me to, I think it's just the travesty. I can see way with me going. He looked like he was on a, he got a few good years. I know you're going to jump on me for this, but if you get years, we need to get bigger up front. We need somebody like John the Claire that can crash the net. I mean, we need somebody like John the Claire. Yes. And then they got Kevin Adams. Of course. Sir, I don't want to talk to you. Okay, you're making the one a scream. He had a few good years. He had three outstanding years. He was injured most of the season with a bad back. You don't know what you're talking about. You haven't got any clue. That's why you don't want to talk with me about it. You try to think of something clever to indicate to me, you know something about the sport, which you don't. Nothing. We need somebody a big and tough John the Claire. Are we paying a John the Claire? Oh. Did they make any effort to get like a big name player? No. They're cutting back. Don't you understand sir? You don't want to get it. You're in denial. You're in denial. You're a burzo. You're a typical of what I see in that place night after night after night after night. For all these years, especially since they moved over to this guy named Country Club, they're in sunrise. We used to have some fans in that place. We had a thing going there. It was fun. We had a good time in that place. This isn't fun. This is agony. agony. Fort Lauderdale, huh? Hey Neil. Yes sir. I got to echo what you're saying. A few years ago when I had season tickets, I would be a massagist and go. But when I now, you know, I don't have a mission of last year. I started realizing it's true that why would you go, just because you paid the money to see crap. Right. And the thing is here, this son of a bitch, he got into build the freaking stadium. Now he's unloading the freaking team. He's going to like, light this hands clean. Walk away, you know, with whatever how many millions or whatever it is and he's pocket. And we're going to be stuck with some, you know, just like with the Marlins. It's some idiot over probably with a stadium out there sitting out there. Yeah, that's what these people don't seem to want to work. Except, I mean, you know, it's like you've been raped and you go on with minutes. I mean, we built that freak arena for what they could state in the Miami. I don't care what this is. Why, why, what is the purpose of that now? Because he couldn't make any money to do it. Right. And have any scenarios. He couldn't make the big bucks. So I could go out there and get the big payroll going and spend all that money on people like Kevin Adams, you know. And and and Bill Turing, he doesn't have the balls. The quality only person that knows about hockey, he's got to call Hank. He's got to call these softball players in the morning. Well, I don't think he called them. I think they call them. Well, either way. I mean, no, I wouldn't put him on here. I wouldn't put him on here. I'm not going to give him a form to spew his bull crap here. He would be on here with me for 15 seconds. So I'm glad. But it's just, it's just, it's said. I mean, the whole sports concept. If somebody gave me tickets, maybe I'd go, I'd rather watch anything on the right. Last night, just four or five games, you could flip around on a little dish. Right. That'd be happy. That make popcorn in your own house. Right. But the beard rig and not properly idiots. I mean, even when you go there, you talk about the parking. They've got a hundred people carrying away to park. You know, we're even their hands coming here. It's all, this town, they don't know anything. You go in any other stadium in America and it got their act together, but here. And it's just, they, it's like you said, these people here, they get what they deserve. Because they don't care. They'll be people with a gorilla tonight. They'll get their freaking free t-shirts that they throw away. They'll have the usual 80,000. They'll be your right. They'll be your sucking around the free tea. They'll be looking up at the jumbo trine. Oh, it's me. It's me. I buy the screen. Look at me. They freaking do that at C-world and they get everybody happy before they show start. They said you, but they'll be their fighter or a $5 t-shirt, but they'll be $60 for a freaking ticket. Right. I mean, anyway, it's just, I, I'm just surprised to read that one. Well, then I'm not the only one. Thank God for you and me, pal. Later. See ya. There you go. We find see. I told you if you keep probing away. I'll find somebody. No matter what you're looking for. 4-3-0-5-60, W-D-K-W-A-M-I-M-E-4-L-D-L, a measly group station. W-K-W-A-M.com, or an award. And I'll be there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Blacktham. In that book, I made it clear. Got the magic pot. What's up, man? It's where I feel God. The magic pot. And why do I don't feel God? Sometimes they're the best magic pot. I like his walking. I like his hair. Who's back? The magic pot. I watch his jeans when he's turned. Who's back? The magic pot. I just love his magic pot. Who's back? The magic pot. When we're on tour, I just hope. Who's back? The magic pot. You'll lose his grip and drop the soul. Who's back? The magic pot. I see my young one. I see you can't have him. I just hope. Magic pot. Magic pot. Magic pot. I'm magic pot. Come on to a five sixty W-K-R. I forgot to recommend our good friends on the morning team on the worst in this morning for a great job when they had both high on the phone there. Especially square head. Old Joe was really ripping the ass. That's going to be a job. I was one million past for Neil Rogers. He's in the years of house. Yeah, this thing is amazing. Are you saw that? Let me hear. You didn't go anywhere near it. No, no, no, I did. I hit it on this. Go fuck your behind. Go back behind you to get under it. Right. The other thing, they'd like one or all the way back to the beginning. It's the first one that's on there. When it does that little snucky thing, at least it always plays that thing. That's the same one. That's the tab in the number one. Are they near each other on that keyboard? No. Huh. What do you mean the number one? Number one is that if you press one, that's where it'll go. But it won't play. Right. But I think you're doing it. I see what you said that was maybe I gave it like a little, uh, one million five. Ah, like a hand in the ears out. Ah. How do you like that? Do you actually find it discovered by a little, my little, uh, glitch, bitch, uh, go fuck your behind you. Yeah, well, we heard it say at the first time. All right. Like I said, did a good job this morning. Don't be carried away, blockhead. Now he did. He ripped him an ass out. I love it. Nice got air Joe. We got the Tory all pesty. And they told me some great stories about Tory off the air, which I'm really amazed at a big fat old tub like that doing so well for himself with the ladies. But anyway, I'm not going to take it what it is, more time, at least you're getting some. That's good. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. 60,000. Look at this. This is pathetic. Here's Miami with a question. Yeah, I like with a question mark. And you're right. It was him. It was him. You're starting to get right on it. Here's a mobile in a four-laterdale. Hello. Good afternoon, God. Yes, sir. Hey, you know, that, then for that gentleman that spent the, quote, million dollars for a 10 year lease. Yeah. He must be getting a golden shower from Bill Murray. Don't, Bill Murray. Well, I mean, you know, coach both timeself. Bill Murray. Well, Brian Murray, the whole organization. Brian Murray ain't there anymore. How do you know he's not pulling the strings? Yeah, he's pulling the string. Okay. Woo. No, he's turning the faucet. He's turning the fair faucet. There you go. Why do I do this to myself? Over and over again. I enjoy it. I'm a man's accused of like most of you. I love it. Why the hell not? Okay. No calls. That's it. Bye, bye. I've been nice to know. There's Mark Potter, how she doing here in a wrestling death case. So this is why I'm all taking these talking about. You know, he matches back from security representative. Yes, that's why. He's very careful. So we can start talking about. I won't. He does that in that actual experience. On the act where security officers started. Well, those didn't get him out, but, we still can see here. YouKlog, don't grab handset and. Send them back. Actually, they've checked that. He's beenchten, and wait for a few minutes to buy us a 500 or slide. On theweenback. don't talk about that. Yeah Bill Murray, he's pulling the strings. Maybe on a tampon. Here's a mobile in in for the waterdale. Hello. Do you hear that? Mobile in for the waterdale. Go on. And as soon as I punched that up the other of the office phone had a fart on the deer that, what about all kinds of technical things going on here? Let me just double check. I'll see that? The phone screwed up. How about a QAM? No, I just hung up on that. Yeah. Well there's line seven that won't even come up with a dial tone George. But the phone's not screwed up. Look at that. I'm punching it. It doesn't even come up. Here we go again. Bluffs. Here we go again. The whole building or something. Where's my paperweight? There we go. Let's just do that until 2 o'clock. In an 80's share. Okay, we're doing a telephone talk. So first of all, the audience, the one that's talking to first place. Secondly, we find out the phone's all screwed up again. Didn't you hear that part did didn't do it on your phone? The fart? No, the inner office phone. Oh, no. Like that. We're about for a few four minutes ago. What? Like that. Okay, what do you think of these work? Kill that crap? Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Here we go. There we go. Yeah. There's a service in the fort. Hey, I'm getting out of here tonight for a week home. Maybe I'm getting out of my Emmy actually. What are Austin texts? Have you ever been there? No. I'm just going to music press on there. I've been listening to you for 10 years. I needed to call you on your Anniversary. Thank you so much. And if I could, can I have a shame with shameless request? I sure think I'll think about it. I've only heard it a couple of times. Yeah. The resolution the basket saw. Oh, man. The saw. Not though that's all called. The song? Yeah. What's the name of that? The first election in the bar of the script. Unless you have the name. What's the name of the song, George? Is there a book of rhyme? The song or the bit? The song? I think it's the lotion. Okay. I know what you're talking about. I got it. I'll never say trip pal. I actually thought they were an Austin. Thank you. Let's see. Is line send a work in it now? No. Hey. Hey. It's okay. Not three is dead. The phone's all f-pup again. All we can say is... We just can't keep it going. Here at QA. And we can't keep it going. I mean, as it is, as it is. It's a struggle. Even when a phone was working earlier, it's a battle. It's a struggle. You can lead a guy named Horst the Water, but you can make him a Yutahaki puck. You know what I'm saying? And now we find out that the phone is dicked. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Okay. Whatever you like, there's no subject on it. Show the subject is whatever the call is about. I've always been. I don't know if he caught a 60 minutes to last night. No. There was a woman on there. It was actually in charge of an organization. That's an organization. Yes. And that pays women. Overall minorities and everyone else $200 and they become sterilized. Great. Oh, I wish I were to see that. I got the very end of the show. I'm out of the bottle. Yeah. I actually thought about it. So I didn't hear anyone up from words. I was just like, I was just wanted to give it a heads up. It was on 60 minutes too. I can't remember what her name was, but she goes from inner city to inner city and check she pays chronic addict $20 or $200. This is only the beginning. You know, everything has to start with the beginning somewhere. This is the first step. That's right. I mean, I was totally nice. You should have seen all of the characters that were totally in an uproar. All over the state of California just saying that they could not believe that this woman was a lot to practice business. But Chuck's a get- Why the hell not? They got to be the first target man. I'm sure she gets contributions from like million here. It's all over the country that actually sent her check saying, you know, we think you want a great job here. And you actually have letters from the women that she's done this to saying that we're very glad that you know, you ever will help us because now we can't have children anymore. Thanks for the great news, Phil. God bless you. I feel so much better now. Oh yeah, bulletin, Jimmy, you blew eyes yellow switch to the faces. Oh, no, it was yesterday's paper. Thank you for wasting our facts papers. Oh, no, it's been talking about yesterday. God. So who are the 87 assholes? No, now it's 97. Who want to look like Wayne? No, they don't really want my just a little jokes here. It's a little joke. That's why I put it on there. It's a little shot. It's a little stuff at the fact that he's bald and he's a grotesque and popmark. Or they used to say about him at the arena, if you'll mind me arena. He's bald, stop it. Yeah. Ten minutes after, no, well, hey, we got to use it for somebody's subject time, jickery, you know. It's Dick Casper. Dick Casper. Not a Rick Casper time. Dick Casper. Tom still don't know Dick after all these years. Oh, it's a pity. What brings you five, six weeks? It's a half. It works in the ocean and the brats. It works in the ocean. It works in the grass. Itsub nor lop. It works in the grass. It works in all your bones. It works in ocean in the grass. When the ironballs are opposite. Right, it looks tair lease combined. It also works in the grass. It works in the grass. It works in the grass. It's what I have to get. It works in Norwegian and the grass. That thing roughed up by running. It works in the grass. I have to try to make my schizu get my snorzen in the past. I said, I should be in my legs. Oh, I like to dance around this way. I'm sorry to not be squatted today. I'm happy! I want you to go for like a walk or my name is Paparol Bill. I'm not snorzen in the past. It makes it moreier. It puts the large in the basket. Or my Papi is, it puts the large in the basket. Oh, what does it do? It puts the large in the basket. I've got my schizu to do it, Parna Galicius. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I'm not snorzen in the basket. I've got my knopler. I've got my knopler. So that's the game. I'll try to help you. I've got to let you do it, get covered. I think I need my knopler. I'm now done with my knopler. This weekend is going to be on pretend and you're off. sunually on dance belongs to you. Sometimes I do it for you. Do you want to go? uh... low home where to sound next time here's a mobile and market hello hello yes sir yet i'd like to be with the radio yesterday and advertising for her uh... her organization called crack cr a cc it's children or jokies and how she got started was she adopted uh... dot four or five of them in raise and no now she started to a she's actually kicked out and raised them up and now she doesn't want to get a great house here right and and now she what she's doing is she paid uh... crack addicts and jokies and everything money to be style great and i'm sure something i forgot i know you're a real girl to you got a support right maybe we can uh... usually we can support a organization this year with our charity that would be good yeah forced their organization of america fs a i like it yeah you know that the thing that those billboards with uncle san you know you were we can have the other and call san with the duty look on his face you know pointing on call san want to for the fs a forced realization of the organization yeah that's right five six seven oh five sixty that's the only way we're gonna do a baby in fact i'm glad that the i'm delighted that guy called because first of all changes are subject off that awful hockey stuff that nobody cares about and i'm so i just i don't care anymore just can't stand it according to the census bureau this is about unchecked immigration boesie for the u.s. each of the fact that our tremendous overpopulation problems many of their are linked to these illegal aliens are pouring into this country with lots and lots of children's because they tend to make lots and lots of good cat-like babies according to the census bureau today's population to the 70 minute waiting here this year you better wipe your mouth out completely because you will put you and well you're least you got the enacting handy according to the census bureau today's population to the 70 million will surge by the year twenty fifty two four hundred million with ninety percent of the increase caused by immigrants and their descendants ninety percent of the increase i have to use a day how do you like that first sterilization so if we are gonna let you come across the border for our good let you come in on a rubberwap at the very least we're gonna fix your right there on the right on the sure yeah instead of clinics right along the shoreline here's candle hello candle going once candles gone we ever we never get a call from can i mean we had another guy that was a more on never get a call from candle from like a real person down here is there anybody left in can't know probably not probably all illegal aliens busy making babies here's my any hello yes sir i was the little co-edio on so sick and tired of the big man the guy be on his wife of a nobody says the word what is that mean what's the deal with carol what is that meant what are they did they charge him or what it's a time going through that's the investigation is ongoing the the the the the sweeping under the carpet is going on yeah and then i think there's eight lawyers trying to protect is a right that you know about let me ask you something what does it make what you care about that who cares who cares about your carol who cares i mean makes me sick because of every time calling Cuban comes back to the get through a motion on the you know throw up to a tantrum and nobody at the bad-down like you know what what's he got to do with the what do you have to do with the can't get it what does he have to do with you are you Cuban no so that what you worried about let them worry about it let the humans worry about what them have each other five six seven five fifty pound five sixty on a tc i just i can't get to the people at all i mean twenty five years all happy anniversary right twenty five years have been knocking myself up not in my brains are trying to get through to these people any success no none absolutely in you and none no success zero sippity do that not a not a bit rhymes with schmitt but hey i made a few bucks along the way used to have a few bucks to be far meant while what's his name i want to it's hers another desperate days oh there was that for me in here that there was the office for like taking a pop Yuma you know we're going to try language I don't give any respect. I guess I better get the court out. What do you mean what is that? I just had the ink to court out. It's your F.B. F.B. George Corso, it's a phesa. Corrap is what it is. P.S. a turd that I just want to guide them for. Hope that it didn't come under. Yeah, I hope the ad bait just to spute all over the place. Once you're crappy, you guys get five removen here. Okay, stick his ass in it. Stick that ant-bait right in his spectrum. Jack ass. Vogue is placed put together with Scott's tape and glue this place. That's just to join. Like the elevator deal we got over there. Oh brother. Every day the last two weeks they're big side. Don't get in his elevator. You'll get stuck in there. Don't get in it. Yeah, but how do I get down to this? Well, we don't know, but don't get in the elevator. Just jump out the window. You got a better chance to make it alive to the first floor. I should plug that back in. Well, things get dull. I'll just plug that thing back in again. Or we'll just put the mic out in the hallway and they can hear the clamoring from the power 96 down the hall. They can hear that too. You hear that? What do you mean can I hear it? I mean, I don't know how to manage the hall. There's a lot of them in the goddamn static we just had from that phone thing bowing up. I can feel it. Hey, how about somebody go down the hall and tell Julio down there to crank it down a couple of notches. They're jamming at it. Power 96. They're jamming it right in everybody's. Correct. Um, either. They don't give a crap. Contempt. Yeah, that's right. They have nothing but contempt for it. They're the only ones in the building. They're the big shots that program it all like 12 and 13 year old punks out there. All the goddamn gangs out there and cool springs. You A and people, you're smoke. And that's right. We're small potatoes. We're only the top builder in the market. See, they got a big numbers there on their family. You can't sell all I much pimple cream. They crank it down a little bit just now. Yeah, that's because somebody went down the hall. Whoever went down the hall, thank you. Okay. Maybe it was muff. Maybe muff went down the hall. And say, can you crank it down a little bit? You have complaining. Stop. He's complaining. Okay. Let's go back to this phone and see if this baby's working over here on this side of the board. Here's a mobile informa. Hello. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. It's working. I'll lie. FFSA, AFAP. Right. I like that. FSA, AFAP. JDLM and FFLM. FU. What is it? Did you happen to catch nightline last night? No. Wait. I'm talking about the cops are using heat signature to catch dope dealers. They're using the right. They're trying to camera in the house and look for lights. You know, a heat from too many lights. From really growing in the house. They're looking for heat lamps. Yeah. How about if I'm just to got a sun tan. The one that was tanning lamps going. All right. Better cut it out. They're going to bust you. Oh, boy. Better get rid of my plants. Neo, that's all I got. Okay. Thanks for the good news. There you go. That's your American FMA. Baby. I told you to take police thing. Five six seven. That's okay. Won't be too long. I'll be back on that plane across the pond. Eat in that mad cow and hooking mouth and foot. That's right. But McDonald's. That's a good news. McDonald's and Burger King are taking tremendous measures to make sure that the rubber you they use in between those buns don't have no crap on it. Because if there's one thing you don't want on your meat. It's crap. Unless, of course, you were that what George was talking about. I'm not talking about eating ass. I'll leave it to you and drive. You know, it's funny because Brian Schmutz was in here this morning. Pettlen the on some geriatric account that I'm not going to do. And he never said one more to about Channel 10. That's his account. He was the one that was running around whining. Oh, what? What are we going to do? Channel 10's upset because he's talking about eating ass and right-loaderdale. I'm not talking about eating right-loader deals. Not in the middle of on-char. Why would he say anything? It was his girlfriend. They got a start at them. Maybe his girlfriend has been eating white-loader deals. I don't know how to help him. Why no? I mean, after hearing about this stuff that Brian Schmutz and his girlfriend would do an up on our skybox there at the McAurena, anything is a possibility. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, could be. Or maybe Todd Tungin. Here's the lady in cruel springs, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I subscribed to child magazine. I just got the April issue. I thought this was kind of funny. I want to tell you about it. They've got a big article that can best cities for families. Number four is Miami. Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. Are you kidding? Crack families are talking about it. Because they have 94 parks and the crime rate is reduced by 40%. Since 1993. Yeah, there you go. Number four. I don't know how to help you out. Do you feel safe now? The fact that with another phase of the military is going to pack up and say hey, let's go to Miami. They're not going to have to do. Read decdela. Thanks for the good news. I'll go over to the park right now. Okay, bye. Thanks. You know, you feel a lot safer now? All right. Let's walk around and over town. Let's walk in Liberty City. No. Let's walk right down to the middle of the Opa Lockah. I'm a 30-fist here. No. Who says you have to be young to be sexy? Here there's three things. You can't walk grandpa. Introducing the latest columns and undergarments from Tommy over the Hill figure. They're designed to drive even the most repulsed hot young females in your direction. Just one split. So hold money columns and she'll put up with your winkly skin and surayuses till the day you die. I love you. Oh, and my lawyer wants you to sign this. And once she sees you in your Tommy over the Hill figure, still Foxers, look out. They've got secret pockets for Gerritel and Viagra. So she can find you. I'm over here. And even come with a clap on headlight. So you can find your way to the bathroom. Good. You just blank five minutes ago. Who says you've got to be young to get all the hot chicks? Jumpstart your nightlight today with selections from the Tommy over the Hill figure. Collections. It's just so sexy. Oh. Okay, son, I'm glad you have a good time. You know, he's been out in the hall and they said maybe you're going to let's hear it. And they said five my son he get lost. And the reason I got pissed off it because he was, you know, give me some crapped there and then you're Helen Dale. I just the dog, you know, I said he was dead and yati, yati. You're not. You may not be dead for real yet. But politically you're dead son. You had it. 560 pound, 550 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. pound five sixty on the eighteen t and Verizon wireless line four hundred two votes four hundred two votes at twelve thirty and that's all I can offer a lot to you that's about right no it is not it's not it's a lot anyway well that's not about the fact that the ball way can't stand the heat is asked they hit every part of the hit every part of the company body which best describes your feeling about a to weigh high zinger he's a rich prick who doesn't care about the fans two hundred forty six over sixty one percent he's a rich prick that's all about all of the which prick uh... i wish i could look just like a hundred fifteen twenty eight percent i have no opinion about him twenty two five point four percent and in last place out of the four categories he's a great man who brought baseball and hockey to stop for a twenty one five point one percent here's a mobile in homestead hello hey you know i'm the uh... i hope in my disease yeah it was on the cable today and they're saying about all the next is coming in here to get a to leave with the uh... uh... one in the brainer from i already kept all of it if somebody they've been a little problem with that on south one detective yeah they've been a good man not doubt of these yeah okay thanks a good news woman to brain disease looks like too late to warn him about five six seven over five sixty pound five sixty we got forty five hundred open lines twenty six minutes to go we got the one four over here it's on the floor piece of crap puking and popping and wailing and squealing and i should plug it in and i like that and to kill a couple of minutes mobile in four waterdale hello yeah yes sir i got three names for you motion font came yeah okay good that was yesterday mobile in north Miami hello i knew yes sir yeah i don't know if you watch sixty minutes at all but i thought you last night when they were talking about four sterile yeah we haven't been talking about that today we're a call about that i just didn't get i just i just i was pretty neat that this one like some some organization like the end of the way to be right get on and it's pretty exciting it uh... and no one's wishing their arms you're going to keep doing it anyway is uh... i thought you had uh... like i told you other guy this is the beginning everything has to have like a little spark a little rostart somewhere this is the beginning yep great junior like the area thanks forced their allization baby whether you wanted or not they've been coming coming to an all-hidden area five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty on the eighty and t and provides them are less line howl and they'll hello hey sunny they knew that you yeah hey it is sunny and all the day because sunny dot first time it got sunny and all the old twenty years thank god he got yeah okay good one good call here's a mobile in full waterdale hello i think i better talk about other phone back in hello yeah that's all for while we're having some real problems today man that's all for yeah that office for yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty like i said good no go already with up guy here's a mobile in Hollywood hello hey nail yes sir yeah you're absolutely right Wayne just can leave us with no team there not that i can say it's good Edmonton i love you Tommy Shaw okay oh and we now we got Edmonton fans it's good if you really have any Edmonton fans here no I don't maybe that a thing for Tommy Shaw looks the sweet five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two I look for some real colors here right now we sure have a real desperate shortage at the moment lady in Miramar hello hi yes man hi nail you're talking about wanting to lose weight so I had a suggestion for you just eat food that you don't cook don't cook the bet you mean you like intimate donuts would be good no no no no I don't think you cooked donuts things that grow in the ground fruits and vegetables can you fruit and diabetic or can you fruit no not very many of them by better but what about vegetables yeah well can nuts not I do like not well not yeah and back to your protein tail and spinach tail tail tail tail tail tail tail I'm not eating kale no I'm not eating kale you want to kill no cooking cut up real good no not eat kale and just it no without both it if you mix it with apple apple apple and you're a peer fruit sugar okay okay okay but anyway you could try that I mean maybe three more what do you mean I could try that what is that you try eating like three quarters of your diet uncooked and see how much weight you lose in like two weeks try two quarters of some other if I have like all of that stuff vegetables all day in the middle I've been in a split eight clock at night no no ice cream oh that's that's that's that's ice cream is is not the sugar you can't have ice cream anyway you just said right sure can I just had a chocolate mom milkshake from steak and shake was great but you can eat anything sweet right I'm like unless I like it if you're going to cheat each something good well frapple an apple who they'll want to but in apple has all that we could you know agree and and that that are okay I don't think so thanks for trying to read out but it's boring and so I'd rather go back to talking about hockey myself and about the fact that we need an answer and the organization I just like to say any organization how do we want to talk about hockey by do you know the organization I love it I get sexual assignment from that so what I'm going to do is I want to slice up an apple during the break I'm going to keep saying you're really good at it I'm going to keep saying over and over this is five sixty q a s you're listening through wheels for trade you for trade you five sixty q a and this is a bunch of hoodies and the positions of those caucuses go run into my hand I go collect the charts with parts from bodies from their day and with a heart and jimmy served with pop of beans and wine I've got a big desire to fight a hand now to live to live to live to live to live it works in the last year that was a I don't know whether it was good not that movie had conflicting reports but that was kind of like a flash everybody talk about that for about three or four days and nothing that means it must have been a really stock even if I were to say it was good but I don't know how you can see over all those fools of fat anyway but uh... and the jocals that was awful one of the worst things you've ever seen and those got pretty good taste jokes out for that mass car crap but other than that five six seven all-in by the way here's a full number for anybody out there that would like to call somebody up and say my call and the same this is the punk that's been called as for two three years same one some hulio so he found it like you're in from years number three or five four five eight eight three four he sooner later eventually we get them all you know sooner later we get all the numbers so you want to play with us will play with you three or five four five eight eight four maybe he's looking for some of the call is up there and he ought to have to boyfriend so maybe when you call me just say maybe three o'clock in the morning but it gone like that he enjoys that three or five four or five eight eight or three four some holy one day to obviously you'd help maybe just looking for a boyfriend mobile a north by any hello and the hour and the case here and listen uh... did I understand you correctly when you didn't hear uh... buffalo bill Tory on with the uh... worsting today i heard him i was uh... in the other room and he was uh... when jellers rip it in the asking about the back choice didn't sound like a little bill was reciting yeah yeah right also that's about the right and he was looking you know i want to ask you a question we're talking about pop no part don't you think that would have been the best place to i beg your pardon of course not it's way too far north why the people are well there the place for the stadium is where the stadium is now that's the place for the you know i don't want to take the convinced people you look at a map okay the overwhelming majority of the population son for a is in dating grower you know we got some people in Palm Beach to but they can go out the county line that's that's the center of population not often popular and in which there's a how to get there i mean okay turn five ninety five but even so that's not a can be location to get to they've all that lake blue sirnland up there right by the president stadium that was the place for the baseball stadium that's where it is right now now this guy made a bad deal with bollywood okay if they would have made a good deal they could have found some way to put in more skybox do something with that place you know maybe stick a dome on it maybe stick wings don't want it whatever it had been going to do that's the place for and this will crap about well downtown Miami and the riverfront cool to hell and they're right my months ago to that time i mean for anything nobody wants you go down there and they're never gonna want to go down there to same old-tired crap that my me here all the new day county politicians over this is the going on for a few years now they're gonna force feed everybody's gonna slip down time i am here we go and we're not going we're not going but you know something i've changed my opinion about this because i'm pretty sure that tomorrow at that meeting though they'll give them some place they'll give them something because now they're saying oh we don't want by sent any of the market more no it's not that they don't want it they know they're not going to get it so they don't want to sell so immovable and trackable and unreasonable so whatever you give us will take it will try to make you go over there you know and i'm sure that they'll push it through and i hope they do at this point because that will be the last one i will fintel ever build in this town that'll be so i have another big fiat score there be another big baseball strike act in next season and then that'll and everybody will be totally fed up and turned off and all the other and now we'll have another white elephant sitting there and the public will finally wake up and say you know what that's the end that's the finish just like they keep waiting for this big capitulation on wall street or even like today well it's this is you know it's bad but it's not bad enough it's like you're not gonna have anything left and then well that'll be it then no when both indexes get to zero then we'll be to bottom you know kind of like my account when it gets to zero tomorrow here's Miami hello hi Neil yes sir um i guess you haven't heard your colleague in the morning beefo has the answer to your diet problem haven't you heard that oh yeah the one where you lose weight while you're sleeping yeah well yeah well yeah well yeah well yeah well see if he for was never met in the count that he wouldn't the pedal on the area yeah you take this stuff right now you go to a boat they brought that stuff to me and i said no no they offered me to do that spot i said no i don't do a bogus fake stuff on here but default he's never turned anything that anybody else turns down they take it to default hang on through the spot Neil won't do that spot take it to default he'll do it you know like hey Mikey he likes a that kind of thing tell do it five six seven oh five sixty upon five sixty and that woman before with her kale she's been watching patso too much remember he was eating chicken and kale oh yeah well don't you for you kale for me who's being naive now okay will you speaking with you okay here's the lady in deer field stops being an Italian lady in deer field Neil yes ma'am hey i just want to let you know Tony and i think you're an apple yeah okay great thank you I don't I don't even know Tony Tony Tony I think you're an asshole Tony and her Tony and I think you know oh gee oh I've heard now if it was just Tony I wouldn't feel so bad but you took bitch wow five six seven oh five now don't get the carey to wait with him okay go and just calm down a lot of efforts oh I think keeping a list I don't think she's your type mobile and hi Alia hello yeah hey Neil were you talking about that Hannibal the cannibal movie yeah the book I got the book and and read it when it came out because I thought that someone was good at the first two were good uh it was like it was written by five different people really and just a bunch of vinyl together completely you know nonsense the movie was a bottle okay because Anthony Hunt popped into this good but the book the whole thing was a total like let's rush the prince so we can get it to send to a weekend movie and make millions yeah terrible I'm glad you enjoy it thank you okay five six seven oh five six six the on the AT&T and for a while I was like I mean I realize you know some people like kale some people like a banana split but it's astonishing to me that you know take a hundred people to go see a movie like Hannibal and 50 of them will call you up and take God that was really pretty good and was you know scary and was this and then I really enjoyed it and the other 50 will call up it like this guy say it was the worst piece of garbage it was just crap pure on the double rated crap you don't understand but if everybody like Hannibal and there'd be you know no seat to available standing remotely like the hockey game tonight here's a mobile in my Emmy hello hey but hopefully once they really talked to hockey fans you ought to be old you and start with Goldberg and the first people the difference being out of one of them on the show that's a difference okay and in addition to what you've got so many hockey fans out there how come I can't get any of them to call and but I've been begging them for five years they won't call me I will let me just in closing when we just say one thing about that happened I listen to them this morning I have to admit I wanted to hear what they had to say about the trades and stuff and they Goldie said to defo if you like Lennberry you'll love this new guy Adam yeah so I just want to point out to you that this Lennberry is the same guy that couldn't make the team the last three years your Kevin Adam is his is a tough nose hard than those little kids but he's not going to score little goals he's not an impact player he's not going to make a big change on his team who's going to score all the goals that Mark Perish and Ray Whitney and Mike Syringer were going to score one they got to score those goals now and the answer is nobody my point is that that's how far this franchise is going to last three years now comparing this new guy to the second coming of Lennberry that's right that's right okay thank you and don't give me wrong Lennberry is a hard nose you know tough play in the guy you know all of that but that's it not going to score a lot of goals he's not an impact player in terms of you know turning a franchise around and they're just they're not interested just accepted for what it was it was another one of Wayne's fire sales cut the salaries cut the overhead he's getting ready to unloaded he's not going to pay any more freight than he has to and he expect you to still come out and subsidize him and that's what I and I just can't fathom it I can't understand it what some of you folks are thinking about and I could just imagine if I were there tonight which I won't be I'd be in my section and I'd be looking down and coming up slupping up those steps would be the same people with the same sad looks on their face shaking their head dodgy why what are you doing there when you finally got to wake up and make a statement and say you know what we don't care if we do have the ticket we'll stick him in the drawer somewhere we'll stick him in a fireplace even if we have to build a fireplace we'll stick him in a guy damn a toilet just to show these people ever getting that to the end of the line here and we're not going to keep a paying billions of dollars you can't pass off chicken crap for shit that's what you want you can't do it but do what you like okay because you will anyway because that's the kind of town this is here's a mobile in Boker hello yeah you know I'm on as far as the fuck market goes what do you want to complain about you're making $50,000 a week yeah what about it what about what about what about what about your ass what I'm making is my business and how much I'm making and losing is my business and in this to which I'm complaining because just like everybody else we're losing our ass so what would you know about it a punk like you anyway punk punk which I make more in a week than you make any year punk what kind of car you driving punk here's Miami hello yes sir yeah I'm a first and listener and I've come to the conclusion yeah yeah uh huh first time listening go listen tomorrow okay pal maybe I learned something like how to speak English five six seven Georgia's on the world path today these relentless he's finally at the mouth here's a mobile little pelacca hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir hey you ever heard of L carnitine yeah that's some power car team yeah he was once again so I know now I know what you're talking about what about it that's some pretty good stuff for if you want to work and ever losing some weight well what does that mean that means well now listen what you just said if you want to work it ever losing some weight what what does that mean what you just said I mean you know making a few things changes cutting back a little bit on the uh dinner rolls and some of the I don't eat dinner rolls that only white but I don't need bread any bread then you're in good shape man oh no I'm not in good shape I'm this fan of the pig well you're your prepared for it it's a pretty safe product I did a lot of research I put my wife on it she was wanting something and I I did some research was not something yeah if she was wanting to lose some weight and it's really good results for her she went well well what did she do I mean just to say I I have an alternative at home I haven't started taking it yet I have a board book on it okay she she got the liquid version because it's faster into the body right and um she takes it the the rule with the liquid was you um you can't have any food in your body when you take it right and uh so she takes it and you have to wait 15 minutes and you're on your way and you can eat your normal stuff or whatever so what do you mean you're on your way what what does that mean you're on your way to what to the toilet no I she's never had any of those types of results it uh what is your on your way to what what do you on your way to you don't have like if you take a capsule form a bell connecine you're supposed to wait an hour before you can take any food yeah or have your morning cup of coffee what does it do it let your body use fat energy it works so I'm serious man I wouldn't know I am telling you the truth I had a whole bunch of it at home that I bought when I bought that book and I never started taking it I'm telling you man she my wife loves this how much did she lose um my wife was never real heavy she lost about seven pounds she's very small she's five foot tall she was about a hundred and seven pounds she wanted to get back to a hundred and she lost it very quickly in about three weeks her well that was all the respect I could if I left here today and I had to took great ball movements but I did that for the show yesterday I could lose seven pounds too but it would come right back you know I'm gonna take some today I'm gonna do it it's really good I told him a lot of other guys the results my wife had and there's some I know quite a few people have tried that I don't sell nothing I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it I'll let you know to my how much weight I lost all right thank you okay 257 and 560 you're on your way man you're on your way the San Jose a world oh boy it's the one to two hour I'm gonna tell you something right now and you can mark it down if Brewer County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility I will not play here because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next ten years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else one or two at five sixty double to come sounds a little corny to me here's the facts of Sean and Carl Springs who says I've been a season ticket order for the Panthers since day one of the me I will not spend one more dime on that organization I've seen the Glitter and the bed and the ugly from this franchise the latest games the owners and GM are playing sucks any knowledgeable fan can see what's going on Torian high zing are dumping salaries I can't believe his valuable player is cylinder can be going to a team for the playoffs as best they could was get a third round pick yeah auto with the only device in eastern conference right Sean and don't be surprised after all the money is collected from their base of season ticket orders for next year that they'll make it enough but that Pavel Brewer will be traded I personally don't take you'll be here at the start of next season to have Tori C on TV yesterday that small players are prone to getting hurt never told guys like cause law for where a law's in the when he was here melon being of course the king of injuries robbing need a mile I tried to justify some of the actions of the organization but the actions of the past few years have turned me off so much I haven't been in one game this year I feel bad for Pavel is worth it price of admission alone but I will not be back anytime soon love your show Sean and cruel springs hey go Sean I scones we'd art and I will not be back anytime soon except Saturday when I'll be going to watch the Toronto Maple Leafs at whoever they're playing five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon where this line here's a mobile in high lea hello hello yes sir come here yeah yeah I just want to ask you something how come you didn't go to a car or what you name my perfect what look at for you no I don't go to cario to go with his picketing list how do you go yeah okay five's you and your boyfriend were looking for me five six seven oh five sixty we believe that pound five sixty on the AT&T and but he yeah a pie whatever yeah look at what is a few straight people okay not coyote chow too many rick sent his wannabes here's a lady in Davy hello hi Neil I just want to comment on yesterday's show regarding the fact I was small dogs have intercepted him there's a liva and how informally I found that as I had a bad room to my leg and my small dog kept looking the wound over and over really yes like she was actually healing my leg she was yeah I just want to let you know I find you very informally did you just learn that I just learned that well I'll be dang I did well just be careful what you let your little dog lick and I also want to highly recommend purple parrot water for dogs that's the only water my dog's drink okay and tell your husband there's no problem with a free plug five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line it's just getting really astonishing isn't it yeah it's getting amazing oh please okay let's take last couple of calls here then we'll put the plug that other phone back in play that sound a little too a clock and see do you want that last body going so number how do you get that thought that was a mobile well it was and we got that too yes we did well let's give him his mobile number out there and that little five out yeah anybody wants to go to coyote or next you would add a little a little a spectator we just had on 305 two nine eight two nine eight eight two seven four eight two seven four more you're a busy beaver near today on that the phone trace 305 two nine eight eighty two seventy four caught that little uh holy or after you call up the other one you just got not a call not a call like two three in a morning another thing or each other's phone number and they're all each other right maybe get a date maybe they can go to creating the hook up for coyote next year coy a c.t.t five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line yeah that's our vast tool audience out there that's a you know that's a medley of their material and they're vocabulary might it go on that one not a cone that's pretty much it over the last 25 years thank you so much here's the dear field hello hey yeah how you doing pretty good sir I got a couple suggestions for losing weight yeah you have a hockey stick at home five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line mobile and coconut creek hello yes sir okay I wasn't sure you're going to the air thing that you're driving the talk with what do you have have you been on that in the morning have I won't that I will wait a minute I'm gonna wait a minute oh that you know yeah let's go to a mobile in for a little bit of a little no yes sir is it's the roger it's on just like the rogers to me yeah the rogers I'd like to give the phone number out to Reverend Jones you know okay good you know they're the last one that's the number you need to get that asshole he's just out of control are you listening me or not he's the one you need to do again this guy just 80 what ever the last one was on there I don't know one two I don't know crazy person over and over and over and over and over you're gay that guy it's a hobby now here's our last call day mobile in Miami hello what's going on Neil not not a thing you're at Palau you the only call I got after 25 years yeah right sure I mean what what's I appreciate it but what's the point and saying that what I'm saying here talking to myself and about to mouth readers what's the point there is no point 25 years of this crap okay let me ask some meal and the lady that wants to plug purple her water is there a penelliformis special no he's not not that I know I mean there's a room that goes around and is the other thing with these sort of semi-propagnes uh a congressional seat if you help out the party I mean that's another under a rumor that I hear under this sir let me ask you something why why are you asking me these questions who cares about who cares about him I don't care if he's doing a billy girl what difference is it made how do I know if he's a homosexual or not how do I know that all right you know that's a group of homosexuals I know you well he ain't one of them that I'm hanging out with okay all right you ought to be sorry okay go wash him out out with uh with the crystal and then if you do that five six seven five six to wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow so I can say today baby is wow they thought it was alien it thought it was the election and Chad didn't know it's not just that it's not isolated incident okay it's this place there is something really really strange going on in this place in this town and is joined in this state in this area okay we need to start our own organization and investigate this is five sixty two a.m. another dick in the white house hey what's eating how about a dick hey look a bruise there's nothing like a little cow boy dick nice wow wow something I've got a craving yeah why about some cowboy dick oh the cow girls love my cowboy dick oh nice and no cuz I'm cowboy dick I like my cowboy dick with some nuts no problem partner introduce in cowboy dick with not so big you can hardly wrap your lip crown my young loving cowboy dick oh cowboy dick yeah try how is it I can't talk my mouth is full of cowboy dick she's smiling she's smiling feeling your mouth with my cowboy dick a cowboy your grossest freezer who would you had your first cowboy dick you won't ever come back would you feel with cowboy dick oh oh scream hey yeah one fourteen while maybe well maybe you want I think summer or college today might do then kind of like do that little net baby routine five six seven oh five sixty what am I giving those numbers out for all of a sudden we got a collar to hear grab them mobile in Miami hello no yes sir okay I'm gonna go away for all summer yes so you're gonna come back when the October is over September I'm gonna miss them that I like the show you the only way first you can talk about that with Adam Dudes I don't care this is only March I mean it's not anywhere near the summer it's where it's still the middle of March well I'm measuring you know you know you know what I'm saying okay pal I'm in there don't need too many one of them seeds five six seven oh five sixty we got a lot of great third folks out there in the audience and they're pissed off they'll want to hear that hockey crap those sticks they don't want to hear about hockey grab dinner from that man who doubted blame them you're right I'm wrong I'm wrong I I this is my capitulation day just like the market look at that down three sixty two on the down you know I'm doing when I get home I'm gonna call out that little bolt headed prick and I'm gonna work you rid of anything that I got it's like I'm not taking any losses don't give me wrong I mean little loss you don't say that's close for my head is like close to above water I can look up and see those bubbles and I'm just gonna start like cash any cash cash in out baby and over the next year to whatever anything that's good and close to even a fund the stock anything cash out put it there in the piggyback and when it out cash it out now we never we never get a saying call from Wellington you know that hello me oh yes you are you in Wellington well I'm on a mobile well I'm sorry okay I don't ever I guess you're right so can you give me the straight skin and a straight poop on the straight on what the with me trade it seems like some vendetta there was you know blue jack is going to wear so what what was pointed afraid it's co-ed me the blue jackads are going nowhere least he's tried to build a exciting young team up there and Doug McLean's a big ray Whitney fan and the panthers are picking up a million dollars of what's left on the way Whitney's salary the next two seasons and you know and here it's strictly a cost cutting even though they're giving away a million dollars and that there's still cutting the rest of the cost it's it's a hockey on the cheapiers what it is that's what I'm getting at is why would you take send a player that is supposed to be trouble in the rocker room to a team who knows who's coach and coming to GM those who's right I'm not gonna tell you something of all the players I know Ray better than anybody else on the team I went to that took him in his wife to dinner he's a great kid and that's just all they're doing like that article from Mike Russo I told the audience that two three weeks ago that after the article came out all they were doing is try to make him a scapegoat set him up for like well he's bad he's evil he didn't do this and and so that when the trade would come that they wouldn't possess many people off which they still pissed everybody off I thought before Paul get his two years he was the only thing to go there look that is absolutely correct and I mean I look at him definitely knew it but I was but hey well that's I said if he was the ugliest player on a guy damn teeny still has been a hell of a player and he's still a great kid and the fact is that they just keep slapping the public in the face maybe it's just uh something that's all so it's your jersey I mean every time you go in there people learn jersey their players have been traded out of here you can't keep up with them or if they're all the self jersey you have to have people coming in the joint you know I'm saying I don't think I'm going to I told you I thought it's not a reset and talked a little bit there's two in the detail but I had to try the hour to get to those games I like what drive the door and they'll watch the store there yeah if not when craze I can't afford to pay three out of thirty five hundred dollars and stop doing it I'm doing it I'm done stop there's no way I'm getting next year there's no freaks away okay pal thanks good luck see you in Orlando yes five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line now what were those numbers we were given up oh you want to take one three somebody QAM yes sir listen man you need to call the dogs off man I called you or right before you last break my hand I wasn't making this and I was calling you talk about hockey I couldn't hold you're the guy my coach good you never make that your time I've ever made your never make that you never never call me said again George never make it to my work for man you think I would crack off somebody from my business or not you know when he gets call any call me we get tons of people are crank colors from their work phone everything from my business yeah that's right no listen man this is the second time I've a car goes just calling about well what I was the number what number was it four five eight it's a two man eight number oh that number yeah I mean you're gonna give it again no I just gave up the first three digits okay well as the call me right now as we speak man listen these kids man do anyways I was gonna call you because you know I got a kid and I got a little boy and and me and my dad and my little boy we we try and catch a couple of baseball games a year and a couple of hockey games a year and you know I'm we're not growing anymore it was that simple only I had to hang up because I couldn't hold over the break and now I'm afraid everything and okay don't do it I'll try not to call you again except don't do it again okay okay two ninety five six seven oh five fifty see that's the game you want to keep playing just like that the Reverend Jones we're gonna have the knock it is door calling it is house three and we're gonna just keep it up you idiot no matter what little tactics he was in the star seventy all of this makes no difference we got our we got our people man we got our we got look at what the on the case see you want to dick with us we'll dick right back here's a four waterdale hello okay sir not hey I'm sorry you had near you I'm sorry you're not quite that fan you couldn't leave with that direction the mankind what about it I heard a commercial on this recently on this station I think night and then on Hank show no was on this show okay and I heard that the I heard I read in the happy our doctors column that there's both those open up are the owners of mankind are taking over September's in port waterdale yes it's a mayors of September's up there no on federal near Oakland no and they said it's gonna be a real upscale in other words the big big and they know those the owners are just gonna be a real upscale place yeah are you familiar mankind well it's one of my sponsors yes I'm familiar with it I mean it's what kind of restaurant is it it's stay council yeah it's a mistake and it's a gourmet restaurant yeah it is yes of course September's is more of a nightclub set up that's why I wonder and we'll you know what they would want to do with it all right just talking about the ability you know can you have a limpo one has a limpo one check all them up and ask them mankind yeah I'm not gonna get it I'm not gonna get an unbiased opinion and unbiased opinion of what what kind of place it is if it's an upscale place it's a good place you know what can we pick up and put waterdale in September's in the O September's how do I know why no why like I said why would they tell you what they're gonna build it what they're gonna put there sure you're an idiot you're the they don't want you anyway they don't want some old coat like you they want living in breathing people not some old part like you that's called don't even know who the hell he's talking to Hank Ed Jack goes you don't even know who the hell I am this guy I got news for when it comes to mankind pal you're not part of it you're part of old mankind five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T you're right this you're it's like the corn in deliverance it's your special man I think the fact that dollars down almost 400 points in the next day I'm taking a pretty good dive two sixty three who are helping blame these poor bans to their life savings of vanishing from their godday am I and see the thing with me is which I know does make you feel any better but a lot of people they know they got in when the tech bubble was still building so they had went way up but it wasn't all of their money that the losing front of them saying a lot of their profits at the losing with me I got in right there at the top that's my bad timing so every single day that's in my portfolio was money that I earned not one penny that I made like in the market that wasn't really my money you see what I'm saying you follow oh yeah it wasn't just your winning the road that's right it was all it's not like funny money it's all like real money or you're like I said used to be real money here's plantation hello yes sir five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line aha here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir hey there no okay look I was just in Vegas it was great when I had to tell you it's called you and tell you about it's the nation it was great time and I'll just take you showing the road out there yeah all right really it's not happy about this call no I am the exterior aesthetic I'm the list I'm calling you're making fun of the people in Miami and you're right you know people and Vegas is so much different in me I started the whole time I was out there's amazing yeah okay it's great talking to you you have a lot of Mexican stuff there too I watch it well not really watch out for a lot of cool collage a lot of a jinx out there too but I watch yourself five six seven oh five sixty profit pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line to it I'm saying they don't care hey Wayne go right ahead stick your hand in their pocket tick all you can get they don't care this is all you do with English that's all anybody out there to watch the hold up a seven eleven months to rob somebody out of street corner go right ahead just just don't do it in some four language please stop calling that guy okay the guy that says that he's not the guy when he more people out there that keep calling him he's the guy well you're the one that traced the number or I know but sorry you can are you basically interior are you saying that you're wrong sure hey why not I can make a mistake I don't think I did but you know it's possible how I don't know maybe it was a little too slow I don't maybe I picked up the wrong line and start 69 the wrong line I mean that's possible every once in a while you'll hit a wrong drop yeah but there's a little bit of difference like a fire hit rate well you're fine yeah instead of you know like that it's not going to change the end to know it's like I can check and you know and there's a lot of your thoughts your screw up and you always you're on apology I apologize like five times too early he will be to get on and then to plead his case what so please stop calling that guy call the other guy probably wants me to give an apology too oh well I give it to you know the first number we mistake so they can call that or you mean the 3054580 yeah that's the original and most famous money going guy that's the guy that calls all day every day with that really yeah I know that the other guys are just fakers they're just a you know original one like the original edee that one I was in the law office today or works in the law office or what maybe yeah he's the janitor at the office yeah or maybe you saw hot shot lawyer who the hell knows okay so we apologize to that guy lay off the two nighted guy okay lay off please call the dogs on call the dogs off George 26 after one is 560 to the QAF yeah broke effort on sport radio 560 you a have a workshop radio ever heard my life on WOD okay ha ha ha ha morning allow me to introduce my new business adventure part-in you know versatile I know care what you've done murder and beg moment if you're a cop the made a woman walk home naked if you've got the loot I'll give the charges the boot even though I'm no longer the president of the United States and I possess no real power I have found a way to Jerry Rage the system I stole a diamond from the Zales jewelry store how much you got about a thousand bucks partner yeah yeah yeah hey I am business 600 million dollars for my brokerage firm jackpot how much you got $10,000 for me I dropped off my head and the lily no can do mama sweet the tragic Kobe and ours part-in universe and he's not a film yet he's a musician of higher learning and maybe illegal in most states if you've got the bread the charges are dead yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay it's 133 at 560 WOD crimp thanks to David who's a private investigator who's now I helping doesn't get the finally identify some of these chronics yeah we all have a good sensing humor here and we're used to some of these idiots on the phone but sometimes after the four million time it gets a little bit old no or saying the look yeah good look with the crappin so the guy the first one that we give the number out there the Madacone guy he's losing hell and the eldest first name is Roy now what's this one he got of you he claims the video original one hello the other guy yeah yes sir how can you get confused about my voice I'm the original one I'm the one who sings to you oh your birthday happy birthday magical yeah happy birthday magical happy birthday over home yeah sorry about that so I will never do that yeah yeah we thought you were a trucker or something that sounds like that yeah okay me go okay my call okay look at on that he ought to know about it yeah he's here well truckers you know probably stuff to the old truck stop of a january no they're not going in the same door though well maybe they are and like we're all in hell and they'll we're gonna make give you a number out again tomorrow if you don't cut the crap now the other guy we apologize to because George made a mistake we think but I don't think so you what do you think even if I didn't make a mistake keep money toast he's certainly full of regret oh okay one more of the other what are we the other he ain't gonna be crank calling okay if he was well not my will a hindir field hello hello yes sir long time leave fan like yourself yes I look at what goes on in this town and if they were to do something like this up there Wayne he would have to hide out somewhere in South America but this isn't to long you know something during the break I finally came back to my senses I wish I would have done it before the show started I would have saved a lot of grief and aggravation but you know even when we got Pavell Bray and I came back from one of my many trips abroad and I came back on the year and uh I got excited we didn't think anything calls then nobody was excited nobody knew who he was so you know how would we expect these people there know hockey fans down here you could put what they know about the sport and it was similar and everyone from Frank Mahabha let's let's over that's right it's unbelievable you know you look back at that Marty's rock I'd chase them whirling right Warner and I've got Chris Wells boy did you ever turn out to be a goal and then they fired my queen and you know I hate to even Joe Ronaldo yeah playing well and then we got Michael Anthony how all these guys start to play well for other teams right there's gotta be some well there's nothing wrong with the organization there's no question about that and like you said in the beginning if this was an knowledgeable if it was a real sports time or a hockey time they would have written a way not a ton on a real long time ago but uh you know but don't forget Harold Ballard we had to continue with that for a long time too so yeah but he's pushing days yeah can I say ask you one last question yes sir um I got he bird by the way I'm very excited about that what's that now hockey bird there's nothing that is let me ask you a question real no I can't do that okay don't the big dish they cut me off of the BBC a e-coo you can't get any of the games anymore yeah and I got the small bits like you said it's the same they'll only give me the walk-o hockey which is the Panthers you can't get the BBC is there a way to get the game they'll only give you the local hockey you get the hockey package I know you get almost every game that's been played I don't know what you're talking about so another word I have to get the hockey package right and then they will give me all the games and the CBS Dance Saturday night but it's very yelling Bob call that's all it's great for that is right and even during the week night you'll get some of the uh son of Joe Bowling games okay and this is just after for the hockey package right uh thank you so now this is my day this is your birthday do you got right I got uh I don't know what you know what's one I got it's the one that's taking over each be-oh directed they advertise on on G5 transponder fine I don't know what that is I'm sorry some it's the dish 500 or this 50 I don't know what the heck is it? I mean you didn't get the direct TV I don't know if it's direct TV well why don't you fight and you find out before you got the dish then you would have nobody get the hockey package you got my friends no other words I might not be able to get the hockey pack not if you don't have direct TV so I got to get direct TV that is correct okay thank you sir good luck to you sir go leave school hockey bird hockey bird oh why uh uh uh wow see hockey talking is like Spanish down here it's a foreign language but he's a big leaf fan I say I really happy they got uh uh uh he just if we didn't hear me just get to a smoking right along you smoking that's your god of mental we say 22 before 22 at 5 60 WQA so now we got our thank you by the way David at uh I'm not gonna give the name of the place on the air okay but we got a private investigator out there who's on the case he's on the case and he might just be knocking on your door three in the morning saying madacone yeah they say like man and they look like women they girl again okay he quit the agreed This is like a... I've got to add... How do you eat things through that funky land? No, it's a scourge! You can't lose your... The first can of a few not-down is draw-off, like dirt. No, it's a draw-off! You pay up in the end, I'll do you have a call. Keep a clue, it's on your neck, Brady. Oh, just remember, I'm not steady. Oh, you took... 16 before two at five, 60. W to Q, A, M. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got Hankwood is an NCAA tournament preview show coming up in two. Guilty on G-night from the Hard Rock Cafe, it took a clock. 7 o'clock, we got Panther preview, 730. The Edmonton Orders, Red Hot, they won 89 and all whatever it is. Young, exciting team against what's left of your Florida Panthers. And then on 790, we got the Hercune basketball. And I-P basketball, the Hercune's against Auburn, and the DK follows Panther game here on 560 Q-A-M, about 1030 or so. Got it? Got it? No! Here's a call on St. Pete, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, it's a sunny calling. Neil, you could... Things could always be worse, you could have our lightning up here. And I got news for it, if we were to head to life, said this many times. If that franchise would have been here, the albreed would be someplace else. I'm serious, they never would have supported them. Nothing you do in such a great way to see how it's supporting, but who can blame you? Yeah, I don't understand what the purpose of that is. And I certainly don't understand how they could afford to show off for Nick and I, how be bullied because no matter how much money they're going to spend for him. I know it's funny. He's not going to put any answers in the seat over there. When the lightning were in St. Peter'sburg, they were having 18 to 20,000 at a game when they're in downtown Tampa at the ice palace. Yeah. They're lucky if they have 7,000. Yeah, because it's after how many more years of punishment though. You know, you guys are getting a car. I mean, this is the lead now. It's so watered down. Who doesn't want to pay that kind of money to go see crap. And then the sad part of it is, you guys have got a nice young team, offensively. You've got to look over the air that Brad Richards kid and Freddie Modena. And you know, all the management. Huh? No, we need a familiar. You need to send the defense. Yeah. They have one quick thing. Pat's on to everybody in South Florida, I've been listening to your show now for many, many years. Yes, sir. Since before, I'm in fact, when I lived in Miami, I started listening to you back in the days. I guess people need to be kissing your ass down there, man. You're a real talk show host. Yeah. And on that one, I've got to have a ring on request. Yes, sir, please. Could I hear a kill my teacher? I haven't heard that in a long time. What is it? That's fun you got. I killed the guy at the back of the little kid that shot his teacher. Serving the last time. Yeah. Serving a lifetime. I shot my teacher. There you go. Thanks, Neil. Have a great day, Pat. Okay. Go for any more, Dean. We need to do better. At least, I'm not afraid. Come on, Matt. No. What the hell is this thing? This is the... This is the... This is the... I'll be your student. I'll play the two good. The... The... The... The... A round that is the proudest. Go to the door and play the music. We'll play the music. The... This piece of... You know... This piece of... The... But to the... Don't say... Give me... I... I'll play the... I'll play the... Take care. Keep going to the... or the packages. I'll both do cabbets and day. I'm sure. Yo. I know I just love that. It's slightly extra that syrup. I was a great call because that would have just languished in there for a long time. Just like the tuba player. 12 minutes before it's 2 or 5 60W. Come bit a great to Wednesday. It's been a pretty productive day. It's part of the fact that cube bumps along the road. But that's okay. Just like Wayne's face. Cube bumps here and there. How's that pole coming in astonishing 536 votes? They really hate your life poison Wayne. Okay. They responded this. Poor like like we haven't t-shirt to wear something. Which place describes your feelings about Wayne high pay. Wayne high penga. He's a rich prick who doesn't care about the fans. We got 236 of those people. 62.6% that was my vote. I said, Wayne you're a rich prick and you don't care about the fans. That was a good stuff I said about you. Not to mention your pocket mark compulsion and your crappy attitude. And your pretty wife or the guy damn a bull crab about. You know, my good buddy Doug McLean and this potty mouth. How come his uh, Doug's father called in there. But Doug was going to be on a show today. He must be a couple days behind. Old Jim McLean there. He's mad. In fact, you might hate to break the news. But Tim Horton had to stop from getting any more of those signatures. Those petition signed. Yeah. He wants to wait till it comes back to life. I wish I could look just like Wayne 141.26.2% Which means you do they got a great sense of humor or they're really ugly. Of course you've seen our crowd. I have no opinion about him. 33.1% and he's last and very much least. He's a great man who brought baseball and hockey to South Florida. 25 or 4.6% out of 537 votes. Only four less than 5% have something good to say. About boldy. What does that tell you? Tell us a lot. Tell us that we hate your like poison. And we want to $2 million back for the macro. We need to want the money back. The seed and ticket holders. They want their money back. They're tired of getting screwed. That's right. They're taking the right up the old shoe. We're going to don't even feel good. Okay. Here's something that will feel good. A great pair of shoes on your feet from new balance. Or I do love these shoes. I do. These are the most comfortable. See, I'm lazy. That's why I always wore those damn loafers. Right. Don't go that out. But the only problem with those shoes were dress shoes that had no support. Right. And they're really bad for your feet. And then your feet start aching and you get old and the feet spread out. But these here, see these, they walk and choose that. I got my loafers. Would the as they were there? Yeah. Now that I'm getting to be an old fart. If I can get that white cap on there, I can sell walking them all the afternoon. There. I can go to this saw grass and walk them all. These are great with a vocal straps right. See, so I don't want high shoes. All the other pair I got. You know, I like high food, but I don't like high shoes. Oh, Jesus Christ. Oh, your play by play is great. He already stars. Sports radio, 560. Two, eight, six, six, six, six. Here, wake me up into the morning. Come on. And then I tuck my peepeer in the eyes. We're not going to worry. Mary & Cristina tonight. Even if everything is smelly, from the corner, or the water part will be falling backwards. And we bring all the stuff here. So I need to put hints, some face, and then you have some yarn. Add your face, with a little subamorph. Let's lift up. Add it. Add and move along. Added mouth, with a cow. Pick the sounds, Be careful. my bus not Silet is from not a way for people living in reading people having time or post to be in here That's the way to do it. That's why we survived here is get that one here as much as you possibly can. That's my advice to all you kids out there, all you young people, get out of here as much as you can. And then come back when you absolutely most bothered that one and down, stay to hell out. Here's the call from the Redland. So hello. Hello. Hello, Neil. I just wanted to call the say that George Bush decided he was going to chain, you know, not reduce the emissions. Carver. Our side of the mission. That's right. He got back on his word. Another lie that is correct. Yes, he did, sir. Yes. And what happened with the market, so these big business people they wanted, gooch, they wanted Bush, remember that they kept telling us that. And now we're looking for it for too much in the market, so tank in there, we got to be pushing there in this stock market. And I guess he's sucking up to the coal people. There you go. What is the surprise, huh? Yes, sir. No, we're King Cool. OK, thanks for the good news. Good day. These people wanted it. You got it, man. Four years of misery. This is kind of like what I said about John Henry. They'll want to build a stadium. And this will be the last time. I guess you have to make the mistake one last time. It would be like my given mitcher, some more money to invest you know, is that going to happen? No, I don't think so. I don't think so. Here's a call in Evan Chira, hello. Evan Chira. Neil, I just want to mention that, you know, that little Bammoth who murdered that seven year old little girl. Little one? Little Bammoth. Oh, this is the finished guy allegedly. Yeah, but I don't want to talk about it. I can't see the other one. Anybody over there. That's right. So the thing is that now that they were off the free bargaining, a mother and a lawyer, they combined brain with sitting to the nats at and they couldn't have done and the little kid went to court and was convicted of the drug you murdered. Now he goes to jail and everybody is bleeding for him. No, no, no, no. My God. And I just wanted to hear it in newspaper. That's all. There's a bunch of contrivaleters. I wouldn't want to leave it. Everybody, nobody worry about that little girl that murdered for the night come to the unknown. And we will be about that bad. I won't tell you, no, no. Probably in my country we have no need to go. Right. In my country we have no need to go. In my country we have no need to go. Oh, well, of course. Right. Thanks for letting my country we have no need to go. Yes, you do. I saw three of them in health tech. Yes, I saw. In my country we have no need to go. Three of them slipped in. You better start doing it. But get back there. We have quite a pound of them. And by the way, thanks for offie bird. He's of your people.