We're all talking about this morning. We've been playing it to death and yes, I probably will be for the show is done play it again, but just because everything's on the same pot over here. So I want my other CD pot. So now there you go. I played the thing off the computer. It's out of the way. I can refer back to it. See there taking care of business. Let me see. Don't end Ron May. See did you see because the wife first of all, she's a, I said, you see. She watches court TV all the time. Like, I'll go to the, they're, they're obsessed with reality court drama. So she watches it all the time anyway. Every time I turn around, she's got it back on. So she's been watching the entire trial, et cetera, and so on. This defense attorney. What a goofball he is. I don't know what his name is. I'm sure it's on. You know, on one of these clippings that I have a pile of double Rehears somewhere. What an idiot. Is that who we were listening to doing the cross of the one little girl asked her stupid stupid questions. Like, who's taller Mr. Bruno, are you sure? Yeah. Actually, I think that was the prosecutor. You really, it got a question like to try to screw her up somehow. Are you sure he had a hand on the trigger? Yeah, where did he have his finger on the trigger? And where was his finger on the trigger? Are you sure? Yeah. How do you know? Because I was looking at it. Why? Because I told when somebody pulls a gun out in the classroom, you take notice. No matter how dense you are, no matter how short your attention span is, that's something that you look up to. Hey, look, he's got a gun. But the wife was watching an interview with one of the girls. Dads, did you see that part? And the girls dad was saying, I think Mr. Bruno saved those two girls. Because you know, when the boys, you know, he's all in love with them. And he's showing up with the gun wanting to see some people. Mr. Bruno doesn't know what it's all about. What he's going to be doing. If these girls spurn him or something, I think Mr. Bruno took a bullet. That's an exact quote. And we don't know that that wasn't the case. We don't know. Mr. Bruno, whatever. I want to say Bruno. You know, Bruno, my good friend. But that's a valid theory, I think. That girl's dad has a right to speculate, don't you think? Oh sure. But this time, I've got it with watching that testimony there because here's one of the students and something that no one I have heard. No one talk about this yet. Is the effect that this is going to have on everyone in that class that's rather a teacher get blown away. This teacher, who, according to everyone, was really good guy. We've had good teachers. We've had bad teachers in our lives, right? This, according to everyone. And maybe they just don't want to save bad things about the dead. Maybe some people have a problem with that. Like, I don't have a problem with saying bad things about the dead. If they weren't asshole when they were alive, why should you kiss their dead ass? Did they not understand? They were alive asshole and now they're dead asshole. They're not an asshole anymore. I'll say some good things about them. They're dead. They were an asshole and now they're dead, so it's a good thing. They're just a whole, like Robert Blake's wife. Everybody, who? What do you think about that? I think he had her killed and I think she had it coming. From a long time since or hence, I think she screwed over one person too many and somebody gave her what she deserved. She was a con artist, a liar and a whore and she got what she was only ever going to get for being the kind of person that she was. So that's why I'm not all bent out of shape about her fate. That tape, did you hear that tape about her? You know, or was she talking to her friend about, you know, who should, who should be hooking up with and who's more famous? And she was having sex with Christian Brando and I should have hooked up with his dad because he's the most famous man in the world and Yadiyada. She was a money-grubbing, barnacle of a whore, so she got what she deserved. And hopefully Nathan will get what he deserved. So the reason that I play the, I don't like Mondays is because there's a line in that song called The Lessons Today is How to Die. Called, and that's one of the lines in the song. Because it's about a teacher in England, I guess, or Scotland, or somewhere that took a gun into class and killed herself in front of her class. And that's what that line refers to. The lesson today is how to die. The teacher demonstrated how to die by blowing her crap away. And once I'm wrong, somebody might know the real story. That's just what I was told. Also, somebody might know the name of the Boomtown Rats song that I liked. Almost as much as that one and I can't think of it right now, or yesterday. And it's not rat trap. Rat trap. No, it's not rat trap. Not up all night, which I hate of night, remember that one? Yeah. They played it to death and it was awful. Are you sure to not rat trap? It's not rat trap. Anyway, I'm going to talk more about it because I was going to talk about it in the family yesterday, but we got all distracted by homeless people and dry humpings and whatnot. So we'll save that for today because it might be my last chance to talk about it until Friday. 10-11 on 5-60 WQA. This is the arrounder. You've heard me talk about fast train for a long time. If you're bored, if you're on challenge by your current job, do yourself a favor. Don't wait till technology passes you by. 5-60 WQA. I'm 5-60 in date and Broward, Palantine, 6-10-18-T. That's a free call. 8-7-7-7-75-6-3-4-5 is also free for those of you out of the date and Broward County areas. So I don't know what other parents do, or say to their children where their child comes home from school and says it's they have a problem with a teacher. It happens. It happens to me. How about you? The problem with a teacher was an asshole. Teachers are human. They can be assholes. 100 stars. Sure. Exactly. I tell my daughter. I explained to her the reason that you're going to school is for three things, three educational things. Number one to fill your head with facts and figures and knowledge about the world and learning reading, writing, arithmetic. All of these studies. Number two, you're learning how to socialize with your peer group. How to interact with people who are your age and your peer group. How to be one of them and also stand apart from them. How to negotiate the fact that you're part of a society and you have to learn how to be a part of a society and learn to get along with people in your peer group. You have to learn how to deal with authority figures. Like your teacher and your principal and the hall monitor and things like that because when you were in adult you're going to need those three things. You're going to need knowledge of those three things. And each one of them is probably as important as everything else. You could make a lot of money without a great deal of education. Just listen to the music industry, for example, or talk radio, for example. You don't need a whole lot of education necessarily to make money, but you do need to be able to get along with people around you and especially authority figures. And I tell my daughter when she complains about a teacher who might be an asshole. I say, whatever, however bad your teacher is, he or she is nothing compared to what you're going to have as a boss. Because most assuredly your boss will be an asshole. And most teachers while they're going to be sensitive to your needs and they're going to try to be nurturing and helpful to you. Your boss is going to have no interest whatsoever and you're happiness, your contentment, nurturing you, anything like that. Your boss is going to be purely demanding of a certain level of performance from you. And if you don't, you're fighting or something or at least you know, you'll be, you know, because sometimes the kid comes, I'm all the teacher yells at us. On the teacher embarrasses us in front of the other children. And I tell her, shut up, no, I don't say that. I say, honey, that's nothing. You're there to learn to get used to that asshole authority figures. Because it's just a sampling. It's just a taste of what you're going to have to deal with when you get out into the world. No one is going to be interested in your feelings, you know, in the workplace. What? What's the funny? No, I, your eyes, all are shut up. I'm thinking of how this affected me and how the asshole authority figures in my life have prepared me for. Absolutely, I work in violence. Absolutely. It's just as a sample, it's just so that you can practice dealing with them because you're going to have to. So here you have these kids are sitting in class and on all of these other kids. So you're doing the same thing I do. You say something and then you repeat it back to see how it sounded. Anyway, it's not the same as talking to yourself, but almost. And you're laughing because it's true. So, okay, stop. Stop laughing. Okay, alright, collect yourselves. By the way, everybody says that last half hour, which I thought was murder yesterday was great. Was it great? Okay, whatever. Whatever, you know, turns you on out there. I'm still bleeding from it. I've still got to stake on my eye from that last half hour yesterday. So, here's the lesson because everything is a lesson that's happening to these children when they're in school. That's what I try to tell my kid. Everything that's going on in school, honey, is part of the lesson whether it's planned or not. Whether it's what you think you're there for or not. You're getting an education. No matter what you think is going on there. You're getting an education. If your teachers announce, hold them. That's the lesson plan for that day. How to deal with an asshole authority figure. Figure it out. So, that's going on in the heads of all of these kids in every classroom and in every state and every city. Is there getting a lesson while they're sitting in that class? And the lesson on this particular day was how to deal with your teacher being murdered. The point I'm trying to make is, what if the kids walk away from this experience? First of all, they're going to have post-traumatic stress disorder. People who are trained who have military training go out into little Penny any combat missions that hold grenade a thing. Those those Marines are was at the Marines that we sent to grenade a Not Army. I think so because I saw a heartbreak ridge and it was Marines, but it was Marines. They're trained for that sort of thing. They were coming back with post-traumatic stress disorder because shooting people is something that causes problems in our psyche. It's said, seeing people get shot will cause trauma. Seeing someone that you like and have a relationship with like a good teacher will be traumatic. All of these children will be traumatized. They'll probably wind up in therapy. They're going to have issues for the rest of their life over what they witnessed. But the lesson isn't over yet. Because now we get into the now what situation. Now the lesson is going to be one of two things. Either this kid gets what he deserves and he's not going to as far as I'm concerned, but maybe you know life and prison. That's the best we can do. Okay. Or he's going to, the kids are watching the news. They're involved in this. They're observing what's going on. Not just the kids in Mr. Bruno's class, but everyone else in the school and everyone else in the city is watching this because guess what it's in the news and it has something to do with them. When I was a teenager I cared about teenage things. Things that were going on in school, school riots or whatever. Things like that. So you know that all of the teenage kids, those would have a brain are watching this story and following this story because it has to do with their world. So we're going to send a message to them one way or another. Either you get what you deserve when you kill your teacher. People who deal with authority figures that way go away for a lifetime and that's the lesson that they'll learn or they're going to be taught that if you blow your teachers crap away. Everyone is going to rally to your defense. Everyone is going to make apologies for you and you're going to get the attention that so many of these kids are hungry for. You're going to get the help that you need. There were times in my adolescence when I felt I needed some help. I had friends that I could talk to about it. Got through it, you know, whatever. Got through it. But there are a lot of kids that maybe they don't have friends. They're loners like all of a sudden they're saying this guy is which he's not. They're going to think about dealing with their problems this way. And we're really thinking about sending a message to all of the kids everywhere that if you shoot your teacher this is a wonderful way to get the help that you want. But this is a acceptable way to demonstrate your need for assistance and attention. This is your cry for help as I'm going to shoot somebody and then everybody's going to come running and I'm going to get. Sensitivity and psychotherapy and the in order to stand all of these people are going to huddle around you and take you in and reward you for blowing your teachers crap away. Way more to say about it. But for some reason people are around here maybe they want to say something. So maybe they're cranks. Miami. Hello. All right. I want to give you the story behind that boom. Please. Bob Galldoff was sitting in the Atlanta radio station doing an interview. Think this is 78 or 79. And the story came across the teletime wire about a girl about named the that Brazil's age a couple years younger older maybe. Who went into school and blew away a bunch of her classmates. Oh. And when the shrink pastor wanted you do it. Well, she replied was I don't like Mondays. Okay. Sounds like a valid reason. So it's a real killing song. Sure. It is. It's a good song too. What's that other song I like that I can't think of. I don't know. There's a real big standard. There's a shit. Okay. So I love. Okay. Thanks George. No problem. Here's a mobile and coral sprays. Hey, judge. Yeah. Same thing only. It was around 77 or 78. And when the song came out on the album. It was a different version than when it was released as a single because it is really took off. I don't know where I've picked on the chart. But they added the phrase in the silicon chip insider hit gets switched to overload. Okay. That wasn't in the original version. All right. You know, I need. It was the same thing. I mean, she took the rifle to school. I'm thinking it was in Texas somewhere. All right. And there was one other thing. Um, reflecting on the Nathan Nathaniel Brazil case in very growing up. I'm thinking back, you know, when I was 13, 14 years old was, you know, 7 to 8th grade. And when the Democratic National Convention was going on in Chicago and police are beating the crap on the way. You're so excited. I was so excited. Oh my gosh. Are we really playing this again? First of all. I'll be a student. I'll be a student today. The other part of the day. That is the problem. Those who go day, they'll make me happy. I'll be a student. This is the part to day. This is the part day. The part to day. The part to day. It wasn't actually. I was the cabinet. You're the same. 27 to 11, 5, 60, W 2. Why did I take my phone off of, uh, do not disturb? Because I transferred my call. You know, see, you don't even have any music ready for, fill the dead air. You could, oh, thank you very much. I do. I just don't like, I don't like the air. That's the, oh, that's hard of noise, isn't it? Yeah. Okay. I don't care for the way that sounds. Oh, everybody else I talk to loves it. Well, I'll do it if you would like me to whatever. I'll do it if you would like me to go to the point. So yeah, Randy, I, uh, because I listen to Rick and Sads in the morning when I remember two. Because I like them, their friends. And yeah, I don't understand the show anymore. With all the respect guys. I don't know what happened. But, uh, I blame Rick for everything. They used to be really fun and lighthearted and goofy and off the wall. And now it's just like, it's like they're trying to kill time between the people because I know them. So I love them dearly. So every morning, I make it a point to, uh, to try to listen. I can't handle that mic often is. I can't handle people trying to be funny who are not. He's a little funny. Uh, come on. Some, uh, no way little, totally little funny like that. Are we going to get in trouble that we're not listening to the first team? I, I'm very upfront about the fact that I can't listen because there's no reason for me to listen to a sports show. I'm not being interested in what professional athletes are doing in their jobs or in their private lives. Got nothing to do with me or my world. So anyway, so it's on when I get out of here in the afternoon, I turn the car on and there's Randy. And, uh, usually I put music in now. I was, I'll be quite honest. I was enjoying her show very much during the whole election thing. She was doing a lot of research. She had some heavy hitters on. She was passionate. I liked it a lot. I learned a lot listening to Randy during that election stuff. But then I couldn't handle it anymore because he, I mean, I love you. But Jesus Christ, it's over with you sound like a crybaby at this point. Bracom. Oh, I'm sorry, it's right next to this one. And then this thing, I don't know if she's on somebody's payrolls. Did somebody get to her? Because I don't remember her being such a professional liberal when we work together. I was a professional bleeding heart. But I was telling Joe during the break that she should be this kid's attorney. She's more passionate about defending this kid than his attorney is. What a crappy job he's doing, by the way. If there had been Oreo cookies in that can, this never would have happened. I didn't say, the wife said that. She's watched the whole thing. But that's actually one of his lines during the closing arguments. He was looking through his grandfather's possession to try to find a music box or something that he likes. And he found a can of Oreo cookies. And he said, oh, I want a cookie. And if there had been cookies in that can, instead of a gun, this never would have happened. What a, what a moron. Randy should be up there defending this guy because she's making more sense, but not to me. And she's talking about, what is it rehabilitation versus punishment that we're supposed to be interested in rehabilitating people. Are we moving that as an official? I was just thinking that's a bad idea on Sunday. Ooh, even better for you, Sunday. That's a bad idea. Why not Saturday? Like it was originally, it's Johnny's fault. Hey, I got to do one on Monday, so I'm out. Because you got to be somewhere else, so it's your fault again. You need an assistant. How come, um, what's your name never goes to appearances? Oh, I say, I say never mind. Like I said, Sunday's good. How come the other people can't move there, whatever it is that you have to be at. Talking to the gal by the way, the audience doesn't even know who I'm talking to. Come on, no get on the air. Don't be a pussy. Talk. What's going on on Saturday that you got to move my peers to Sunday? I'm going to be with, uh, out of expressway actually by myself though. So why can't you do that on Sunday? Because that's Todd Drek, so, you know, can't sell out the Greg man. What do you mean can't sell them out? Why can't his? Well, because he was first actually. First, uh, first come first sir. Okay. All right. Whatever. Good thing I don't have any plans for the three day weekend. I should have not. It's going to be my money. Shut up. Take the money. I'm taking my skateboard just to start. Miguel, I'll do the appearance that George doesn't want to do. All right. You're out. How about that? I'll take the three bills. And you tell him the audience how much we make on these things man. They're going to hate us. Three dollars. This is damn. Okay. So anyway, punishment versus rehabilitation. And she keeps stressing that isn't the justice system supposed to be all about rehabilitating people instead of punishing people. I don't know where that started. That notion. Somebody's idea somewhere along the line that we should try to rehabilitate people instead of punishing them. And I keep scratching my head and thinking, why? Why? Do we want to rehabilitate people instead of punishing them? Do they deserve to be rehabilitated? Again, most of the rest of us very easily have no problem not hurting other people or stealing from them or anything else. We are spectacular at not hurting anybody, not shooting our teachers in the face. I had teachers I wanted shot in the face that I would have reveled in thrown a party if they had been shot in the face. They certainly had it coming from where I was sitting. But I didn't shoot them in the face. Nor did anyone else see we resisted. We did the right thing. All of the rest of us. Why do people deserve rehabilitation? Why do they automatically owe that? Where is it written that if you kill someone or do something evil, that you deserve a second chance that you deserve to be nurtured, coddled, cajol, you know, whatever, comforted, or you poor darling, you poor, scared, misguided, confused entity. Come over here and let me hold you. You haven't been held enough. Obviously you're in pain. I have a different take on it. You're evil, you're scum, you suck, you deserve what you've disshot out. And it's supposed to be the Christians that are all obsessed with forgiveness, forgiven for get. It seems to me that they're the ones that want this kid fried who are merciless. That's fine. I agree with you for what it's worth. And it's all the non-Christian, left-wing, bleeding heart liberals that want this kid coddled. Not just him, but everybody else in prison. This whole rehabilitation. Why do they deserve to be rehabilitated? How many free murders are we allowed? Can I have one? If I had known, if that was the message that I learned in school, if this had happened in my classroom, for example. One of my friends pulled out a gun and shot a teacher. And the lesson that I got was you can do this. And instead of being punished, you're going to be nurtured. They're going to see to rehabilitate you. They're going to send me to home. Do you realize that when I was nine years old, and really started seriously thinking and plotting with my siblings, how can we off, mom, and get away with it? And we would sit here and try to figure it out. This was an important thing to us, not just to us, but to every member of the family. How can we off her and get away? Does anyone know how to cut break cables? None of us had guns, but we had butchernies. I stole butchernies. You really did this for a year or so. No, no, no. I'm being dead on. It's deadly on us. Wow. All of us would sit around and consult with each other. And we would check in with each other periodically. Have you come up with a way that we can make this woman disappear? And if the message that if I had known then what I know now, that I would instead of going to jail and being only raped by people bigger than me, which is what I was afraid was going to happen to me if I did this. If you had told me, no, no, no. You're going to go to a program. You're going into a program where people are going to talk to you about your issues. People who care about you are going to talk to you about your issues. And you're going to get fed food. And you're going to get a bed of your own. 13, 11, 5, 60, W, Q, A, and we used to try to figure out ways. You know, what can we do that will not get us into jail, but we'll get us into a foster home. You know, like one of these foster homes of five kids because they get so much money a month. Per kid. You know, everybody's saying, oh, but, you know, you would have gotten no, no nurturing at a foster home. It would have been better than what I was getting at my home home. Oh, you'll get bad food at a foster home. Would have been more and better food than I was getting at my home home. The point I'm trying to make is, I don't see rehabilitation as a deterrent to crime. And I don't, I mean, how can that be a deterrent to crime? Oh, I kill somebody. I get, are these people going to start running, you know, rallying around me, trying to figure out what my problem is? I don't care what your problem is. We've all got problems as well. We just deal with them. You're some sort of an animal who decided to deal with your problem that way, the violent way, which means you're an animal, a dangerous animal that we need to put away. And then we'll harvest your organs and we're going to put them into the bodies of good people. You know, good people who live their whole lives, not messing with other people, paid their bills, paid their taxes, and now they're, they're organs are failing. We're going to put one of your organs or several of them into their bodies, because they deserve it more than you do, as whole violent dangerous asshole. Whole high to show how you're doing, didn't mean you. So the poll question, because I don't think we've done it yet, by the way, here are the results of yesterday's poll question, we'll eventually get back to that. 599 votes so far. What should we do about the homeless? Give them food shelter and vote tax for a limited time. One, with a 293, 48.9%. Send them to camp 160. People said that, nothing, 113. Give them food and shelter and definitely only 33.5%. Of the people said that. So here's the age of accountability poll that we're going to do today. Is that what we're doing? I guess why, what do you want to do? Oh, I have nothing. Okay. What should the age of accountability be? And I figured to start at six years old, because that's just, I mean, if you think that's two old, do you think it should be younger than that? Oh, no. I can't imagine anybody being more of a hard ass than me on this issue. Yeah, at six, six. You barely know you're walking around breathing air. Right. So let's start at six, just, you want to start at older than that. I'm going to start at eight. You know, we had this nine-year-old little kid that'd be another kid that'd have to have a baseball bat, because it didn't like him. What should we do with that kid? Nurture him? Let's split the difference and start at seven. Okay. Seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, fifteen, seventeen, eighteen. All the way up to eight. All the way up to eight. All the way up to eight. You know what? That's not high enough for some people. Some people think it should be nineteen, twenty. Some people think that you know, you don't know yourself, and you don't know the difference between right and wrong until you're twenty-five, which is, of course, bull crap. Can we make it twenty-nine? And if we do that, I'm not. I'm not. I'm ready to go. Oh. On your way, could you do a favor for me? Sure. Here's the address. Here's the picture. I got a picture of my digital camera here. Okay. Okay. Seven. What should the age of accountability be? Accountability for whatever. Whatever. At what age do you know the difference between right and wrong? At what age don't you have any excuses anymore for hurting people and stealing their things and whatnot? So what we'll do is we'll put in a parenthesis, what you just said, because people, click it onto the internet later, we'll have no idea what accountability means. So, and you don't say so? No, I don't. I don't know what that word means. Yeah, but in context, the word we're talking about. We could phrase it differently. We could say, at what age should you be held accountable for your actions? Very good. I'm still using that accountable word. Yeah, but you use it different word. You've, you've tried to jump it down more. Yeah. Okay. Dominantism, much as possible. At what age should you be held responsible for your actions? It says, dumb as I can get. I like it. Okay. Let's go with that. 79.0 is all dirty more than that. Here's a mobile in coconut creek. Hey George. Hey. The zoom counter at. The only other song that can call right now or show you on the street again. That's not it. Save? No. The only other song I can think of. It was on their greatest hits. I used to have it. Somebody stole that right. I lost it. It's not rat traps. Stop that. And then regarding the lady actually did the shooting. I don't think she was a student or a teacher at the school. She was just like a local crazy lady. Well, we got more version of this story than anything. That's great. Let's see if we can go to a urban legend. Yeah. How's on fire? No. And I think as a result of that shooting is where they pass the while. You can't have a gun within a thousand feet or a thousand yards of a school. And I haven't heard of whether or not it's going to be charred with that. It's just icing on the cake. That's as far as it's concerned. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Here's the lady in Kendall. Hello. George? Yes. Hi. I've got two choices for you. Okay. First one is banana republic. No. Ellison's graveyard is my second. No. I don't think so. I'm going to have to get another greatest hits and just listen to them all. Maybe I don't know the title. Obviously besides not being able to remember it. I don't feel bad. I have that kind of memory myself. And it's fun. I don't know why I can't remember anything. Well, I don't do pot, but maybe I should start. I guess it can't hurt at this point. Well, I'm at a material, but it was nice talking to you. My pleasure. Thank you very much. Thank you, George. For sharing. Getting back to the whole punishment versus rehabilitation concept. Besides not being into rehabilitation. What's wrong with revenge? What's wrong with institutionalized vengeance? And here we go again. The Christians are supposed to not be into vengeance. Vengeance is mine. Say it's a Lord. But they're the ones that are always shouting an eye for an eye to tooth for a tooth. Even though when Jesus refers to an eye for an eye to tooth for tooth, it's to overturn that old testament concept. When Jesus mentions that he says, you've heard it said an eye for an eye to tooth for tooth. But I'm here to tell you, I love your enemies. And brace those who would hurt you. Yadiyada yada yada. I'm miscooting it, but nevertheless, that's the giz of it. You've got some titles for me or something? All the titles on the bone town rats greatest hits that have an eye even mentioned. Let's see if one of them is it. An eye for a public one. No. Skin on skin. No. Up all night. No. Never in a million years. That's the one. That's the one. How about that? And for the other people out there, there's also house on fire and she's so modern. That's not bad. She's so modern, ain't bad. I could actually play both of those. Never in a million years. What a great phone that I haven't heard in a million years. Eric. Hey, Eric. You can find that song. Could you hear me? To me. Well, guess what? I got a yell because he's in Orlando. He's the one with the, uh, with the levels. Yeah. Never in a million years. What a great song. And most people haven't heard that because I don't think it was on. I don't think it was released as a single. I'm throwing your blank myself. And I consider myself an mystery. You might remember it if, uh, if you hear it. If I heard it, which I would love to hear it like right now right now. If somebody has it, email it in an MP3 format, email it to Eric at nilrotters.com. And he'll, er, er, er, er, don't get it. He has it. He has it. I'm sure. I'm sure he's getting it right now. All right. That's what Eric was. I'm excited. Well, very good. So anyway, I was going to tell. I was talking about vengeance. We had some lines ringing, but they hung up because, uh, we didn't get to them and time. That's all right. They all wanted to talk about boom channel. Wait, they're like, uh, I don't like Mondays as a song. Yeah. He went to the three where that. Yeah. Yeah. No. No. That's the most famous song, easily. And it is a good song, but nevertheless. What a good job Bob Geldock did in the wall movie though. I thought. Because who to, who to thunk it? I mean, he didn't have to act much. I guess he just kind of stumbled around. But anyway, what's wrong with institutionalized vengeance? Let's take the Timothy McVey thing for a moment. You know what? This is going to take a long time. So let's just take the break right now. Because I've been. I've negativity. If you're victim office, society, instead of rallying to support you, rallies to support the person that just traumatized you that just took your husband away. What kind of a message does that send to you and everyone else? Society that isn't my friend. So I need to take the law into my own hands. I need to turn my wrath against the people that are abandoning me and supporting my assailant. What do we do to make the victim feel better? We can't do a lot. How can you replace a loved one like I can, how can we replace this woman's husband, this child's father? Barry Gruna, we can't replace it. Now I don't know about you. But I know that if someone killed one of my loved ones, I would want to play a soccer match with their head. That would make me feel better. No, that's no kind of bringing back to- Nothing's going to bring them back. You know what? You. Of course, that's the most retarded thing that I've ever heard come out of human beings mouths. It's no kind of bringing them back. No, sh**t Sherlock. But you know what it's going to do? It's going to make me feel a whole lot better to play soccer with their head. Me and my family members will play soccer with their head, or I'll take their head and put it on a spike out in front of my house, so that when I drive home every day, I won't see the face of my loved one, but I'll see the face of my loved ones killer, rotting away with a raven, perched on top of it, pecking its eyes out. That will make me feel better. That's all about it. Make me feel a whole lot better. Closure at the risk of over-you know, overusing that word, and a sense of satisfaction that this is what happens to people who mess with us, the good people. A wonderful, warm, fuzzy sense of satisfaction that this mother, sh**t her, didn't get away with it. Got what they deserved. That's therapy. That's therapeutic. That takes away my rage. To an extent, for one thing, the person that I'm feeling my rage towards is an arround anymore. They're not sitting in a cell or worse yet in some sort of a mental hospital, getting fed happy pills. That would send me into a rage. That would cause me to think about getting a gun and taking my frustrations out on society who failed me. They never ending cycle of violence will continue because society turned its back on me. They're punishing me by sucking the ass of my loved ones killer. Who's side is society on? This woman, I can't even imagine. This woman, this baby who will never know his father, her father. I don't know the gender of the child. So I can 18-month-old child or something like that. I get choked up thinking about it. That here's a kid that will never know his father. Mommy's going to have to explain to this kid what happened to Daddy. And the next question out of the kid's mouth is, what happened to the trashy punk that no good piece of sh** that blew my daddy away. Oh, he's in Bellevue somewhere. Being fed happy pills. Pozac or something like that. Something that releases in Dorfins and is brain. That a lot of people spend good money on out on the street to get. He's getting them for free. He's getting them and we're paying for it as a matter of fact. Taxpayers are buying him a room, meals, and drugs. And he's getting therapy. Therapy is a nurturing person. Get asked you questions about your pain. And then you get to share your pain. And you get pated on the back by digging deep inside yourself and finding that pain and sharing it. This is the punishment. What's wrong with punishment? What's wrong with revenge? The people, the families, the people that Timothy McVeigh blew up. Don't you think they want to play soccer with his head? I just, I think of that. Remember the man who would be King Sean Connery movie? No, didn't see that. Very good movie. But that's what they did with the former king. Is that they would put up a new king and then the former king. They would cut his head off. They would put his head in a bag and play soccer with his head. Kind of fun. Yeah. If you really hated the guy. Sure. Well, I tell you what somebody takes a loved one away from me. I will hate them. I've already determined. As we watch the news from early childhood, that's what we do at the dinner table as watch Current events and stuff. And I've determined that I will be vigilante guy. There's no way if someone takes my loved one son, daughter, father, mother away from me, that I'll be able to sit in the little courtroom and watch them. And maybe they'll get off and walk away and smile at me. Maybe they won't because I won't be able to do that. And I've accepted that should that happen to me that I, and you'll go away and you'll have to pay for it. Yeah. And I thought I'd come to the same idea. It probably will probably, probably would be worth it. And this is the kind of mentality that this kind of system generates. Two wrongs don't make a road. Shut up. The notion that we're going to rally around the criminal and abandon the victim is maddening to me. And I've got not come to the same conclusion. That makes you just as bad as them. Shut up. No, it's not just as bad as them. It's not a fact that wiping evil from the world is a good thing. If I was, if I hit the $400 million lottery, if in 10 years traveling the world, having a great time became old, my next thing, the next thing on the list, would be Bruce Wayne type vigilanteism. Right. Because what could be better than that? What could be more fulfilling than wiping evil off of the world? Off of the earth. Exactly. And by the way, because we're civilized people, we shouldn't have vigilanteism. The system should take care of this for us. Because people, if that's the way it used to be, somebody wronged you, you would get your gun and then family feud, the hatfield and the McCoyes, we have a system supposedly so that we don't have to take a line to our own hands. The law is going to provide justice for us. There's that word justice. What an unusual word. What does that mean? Justice. It means what's just what's right. And what's right is whatever the victim's decide is right. That's what justice is. Ask the parents of the children who were blown up in Oklahoma City. What would make you feel better? Ten McVase had on a spike in a public place where I could go and throw rocks at it. That would be justice. And with them, if any reason, of course, like Don Corley on his says in the first one, your daughter is still alive. Right. So he's not going to, that's why we have rational discussions. That's why we have society. That's why we do it on a judicial level so that cooler heads can prevail and decide, what's fair and what's right and what's right for the victims of the Oklahoma City Bonding is saying to McVase had on a spike watching him die, watching the eyes sink into his head, knowing that he didn't get away with it. That he's not eating meals on the public dollar. That will never have another happy thought in his life. Right. Because he's having those right now. Sure he is. Because you can have a happy moment no matter what your situation is. He gets a, and it's on his back. He's scratching. He's able to scratch. Enjoy. That's joy. Enjoy. Yes. Without a doubt. That's happiness. That's joy right there. Highlight of my life sometimes. Miami Beach. Hello, George. Yes. As far as rehabilitation for murders, this is just totally ridiculous to me because the concept of rehabilitation is tied in with parole. In other words, now we're going to put you back in society and you can be reverted. We're reverted that come from why why rehabilitate. Well, I'm going to get to that. Okay. Now, for a murderer, the only way I'm going to parole. Yeah, my honor. I don't want to make the distinction between a murderer or a scene. But I do so. Well, I don't. So go away. Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes. Why do you talk about some murders and some you don't talk about. What are you talking about? I don't. Good. Sir. Yes. And don't talk about some and not others. Well, that would happen like a British. No. No. I never talk about some murders and not others. I talk about all murders that are in the news. How's that? Well, would you let me. Okay. All right. Because I know exactly what you're going to say. You're going to accuse me of only talking about black murders and you're wrong. The girl that killed the murder is too low. The girl that murdered the two little girls. Yeah. And put them in the in the open. Is that it? I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know that story. Well, you happen right here. Oh, Miami. I don't know that story. I don't know. Can I ask you a question? Yeah. What happened to him? The murderer. Well, he got. They're. Well, he got the death sentence. I didn't know why they mentioned it on your show. You know what? Why we didn't mention it because he got what he did. Oh, sir. You're not. You're not. You're not. Because what we're talking about is that there's a whole group of people that want to nurture this child. That's what we're talking about. Did anybody rally? Sir, this case that you're talking about that I never heard of. Were there a bunch of people rallying around him and making excuses for him? Yeah. If you have. Yes. His family. Anybody else like society? You can always expect a family to come to the aid of their family members. I think that's ridiculous. What happened to her sir? Is anybody rallying around her supporting her? Right. Here it is. No. What do you mean every day on the news? I watched the news every day and I haven't seen her since. I haven't seen her since I saw her while. I don't think you just forget it. No, imagine it. You know. It just get out of there. I don't see her on court TV. I don't see her on the news. And I think that you're very colorblind, sir. And I take great offense to the implication that we're making a special case out of this because this boy is black. If anybody's making a special case out of his race, it's big now. I got to go with so much practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Practical case. Bsellow county. Practical score. Most of that story is being mentioned of this story, again. Practical case. Practical case. Practical test. Practical wolf thing. Practical test. Practical case. Master Jump is the real. and calm the down please by the way I don't know if you've been following all the recaps and I haven't been watching the trial but they got the recaps on a refive minutes um... those of us in radio understand how long a second is and eleven of them is an eternity those of us who have to do things and buy the second hand of a clock eleven seconds for those of you who don't know let me because that's how long that's how long he had the gun in his hand while he was having the conversation and then four seconds was how long he had the gun in his face before he pulled the trigger for those of you who think that it was an accident I'm in front of that because the only people that I hear saying that it was an accident because I was ready had that kind of an accident four seconds starting now that's four and that's eleven so there was no snapshot that was eleven from the four in other words I counted off four and then I counted off eleven eleven seconds is an eternity I can cue up two comedy bits and have a conversation with Joe in eleven seconds that's a long ass time to be thinking about what you're about to do four seconds let me do it again one two three four five five I started the one when I said one that's how long he was holding the gun up in his face before he pulled the trigger he knew exactly what he was doing he was holding the gun up there and according to these testimonies he was holding the gun while you're saying let me see these girls and very gruno said no and he said and I think that the guys that the one girl's dad had a very valid point Mr. Bruno had no idea he wasn't about to release his students to a mad gunman and all likelihood I agree with that assessment and all likelihood he took a bullet for those girls these are girls that he was attracted to who had spurred his advancement so I think that that's a valid observation who knows what he was planning on doing when he got those girls away from the scene what do you think he was going to do show off the gun hey look what I got I'm going to go off this person like he was selling people the day before he was going to do oh I just used this to scare them so I could take the body right yeah we don't know what he was going to do same people people who are all calm and collected you know obviously he demonstrated how you know how wacky is because he whacked his teacher he's going to be a son of a few hundred sympathy for this kid he's an animal if he's dangerous at thirteen is he going to be safer at twenty all right at eighteen when he would if he's charged with his juvenile he gets out at eighteen he's going to be a safer eighteen year old that he was at thirteen a cold blooded killer at thirteen but now he's eighteen bigger stronger smarter and somehow we're supposed to believe safer to be out on the streets with us the rest of us here's a mobile in candle hello as you are jay doing all right how are you good you know without taking a side on this issue of the Nathan Brazil thing it it brings up a lot of very interesting point that you want to think about it like for example we all are entitled to a jury of our peers you know we've made you wonder like what is that mean like I don't know I'm not coming up with a point that's the way the law is he's in the jury of our parents but I don't have to like it but it's a fourteen year old kid being having a jury of a bunch of people average age maybe fifty as that appears well you have to define peer exactly what is the definition of here that's the first question to come to mind then secondly you know a lot of issues you know a lot of people are ready to house since you raise the point what do you think that a jury of his peers would conclude his age group how about how about that classroom how about puts the kids in the class who actually watched it going on they don't have to listen to people's testimony they all saw it how about let the class decide that could be his dear group what do you think they would decide I don't know but that's not my point I just read I know that's not your point what do you think you have an opinion what do you think that the kids that saw that you think that they would come up with number one number one the lawyers get the basically choose the jury and I understand why don't you ask what do you think that the kids who witnessed the shooting would conclude I was I guess they would conclude it was guilty but of course they would but that's not the way the law works I know that you know I know all right so the second point is in a lot of cases when a child does something wrong the parent is held partially culpable in this case the parents are not on the frame which makes a great it's interesting point any other day you were saying I believe I heard you correctly I only catch the show on my truck but you were saying that you're in agreement for certain things being adults only etc and then it really was I thought so you were talking about what was I talking about club's bars and then the point I'm making is that if society is general things certain things should be adults only then what is it why is it that they don't want kids expose the certain things society must feel that it's going to have a negative impact on the kid so if society says things should be adults only but the kids have access to it and the very things that society is a freighter going to happen doing fact happened by the kid it's a kid totally responsible no society's thought let's put them in jail here we go back at that for the lady in Fort Myers I'm getting a headache from that hey George hi two things you were talking about and I for an eye and I started saying that okay if it's an eye for an eye then wouldn't that mean I mean where would you think that 10 McFey would be a lot of the most most time in jail execution or to take members of his family and blow them up with a bomb right well obviously we can't do that because we don't know about his family and we can't blame his family for him and what he did I'm a stand-up like like to but what we need to do is ask the victims what would they like what would make them feel better maybe you know having embusting rocks for the rest of his life in a work farm if that's what would make them we as society should try to accommodate them yeah I mean it's it's such a difficult issue it really is because you know in some cases you know there's there is no punishment that is great enough you know sometimes I think the death penalty is like an easy way out sometimes you know so it's a difficult question about rehabilitation the thing that people must remember about rehabilitation is that the only we were prohibited that are so friendly twenty seven twelve five sixty q i m here the up to date results of the age of accountability poll at one age should you be held responsible for your actions thirteen is winning by the way this keeps changing the lead keeps changing thirteen is winning with eleven then sixteen and twelve retired with nine age ten has seven votes age eighteen has three votes that's it's all over the place fifteen has three votes eight has two votes nineteen has one we did nineteen yeah I did nineteen okay to because you said some people would want to even older so we should nineteen and then there are no votes for nine eleven and seventeen which is funny to me oh or uh 14 I had to get all the way down so I think that's funny just the number that people come up with I can understand that the six votes for seven because that's the lowest entry we had but still thirteen votes third I mean sorry eleven votes for the age thirteen like when you become a teen ageer when you had that word teen what do you think got a bad system staff staff I always thought about that we should have three levels of like responsibility slash freedom childhood adolescents which is your teenage years and then adulthood childhood up to twelve adolescents thirteen through nineteen where you have a level of responsibility and then twenty twenty plus is you got it all you've got all freedoms and all responsibilities well the way I would work it is a sliding scale as far as responsibility like during childhood twenty percent child eighty percent parents okay because a small child you could tell them to do anything and they're gonna listen to you're the right example then as a teenager maybe fifty fifty sixty forty something like that and then when you become adult one hundred percent you're a you're a you're a all you all right the seven year old kid goes out murder someone you know it's the parents they did something wrong what do you think the nine year old who uh beat the other kid with the baseball that what happened uh what happened there what went wrong here mommy and daddy didn't even be done didn't teach the kid that baseball bats will okay we'll hurt nor give it for me mobile and highly uh hello hello hey George how you doing all right how are you yeah man I've been listening to your um so um this morning a little tidbits of it and um I enjoyed the discussion all the way one side it yeah I know you have my friends you know so um I wanted to bring your attention to an earlier yeah who tried to point out the hypocrisy um with this case and other cases similar to it involving Caucasian teens uh huh and you mentioned that this case was on MTV right now and what I right now here the last you start yeah yeah yeah yeah well um why is it that you think that other cases I know unquote TV involving Caucasian teens doing pretty much the same thing pretty well for example the only the same thing that I can think of is uh the uh the boulder the Colorado thing calling people calling by sorry call them by high school dealing in Cleveland they shot themselves so then I love and what about the kid those other kids who ran up in schools and and and and murdered more than one person see what's happening is I don't hear a lot of people making apologies for them and making excuses for them okay you say that for you well you have a couple things number one this is local this is going on down here west ponds right up the road number two it's it's all over the newspapers it's all over the TV so why in talk radio we talk about whatever's going on there you tell me why because everybody's running to the defense of this kid that's why and it's creating controversy what to do about this kid I didn't hear any controversy surrounding what's going to be going on with those other teenagers as far as I'm concerned everybody's saying put them away put them away frying and nobody and no groups are rallying around them trying to make excuses for them that I heard I should have prefaced my statement by saying I don't think that is guilty of sin any kid that has the audacity to come up in school with a gun and and shoot um anyone so me said to jail for life however whatever whatever what I'm trying to say is okay I went to Miami, Northern Senior High School which is right down the street right right when I went there I graduated in 1995 every single year I was in school there there was a shooting right and this is okay anyway then the news and it wasn't in the papers you know why because they were back skill and black not all now that's time to kill whites and it's a big controversy like where did this start to happen all of a sudden this has been happening for years kids and people I'll give you that the whole the know the we just they never killed a teacher yeah teacher is the important thing if this was a black teacher it would still be in the news the teacher and authority but I understand this guy's point because he's right I mean we have black on black crime every day the media doesn't pick up on it because because they just don't care it's a non-issue to a lot of people that's sad but that's the reality of it there was a it just our little blurb in the paper I forget where it was we had a stabbing over here where was it Edison? I'm not even reading it was yeah I think it was over here Edison whatever the North Miami was mostly dark school and a black kid or girl stabbed another black kid and it was it just got a little blurb in the paper and I picked up on it because the one the failure was like 21 and the other the person's they got stabbed was like 20 oh they got what are they doing at high school right so so you're right there's an insensitivity when it comes to black on black crime but you know what what do you want me to say about that sorry I got nothing to do with that I understand that and another thing I wanted to point out was this apologetic tone that you're getting from a lot of African American is something we learned from you guys you guys are being you learned well well hey Toby say your name Toby I'm so we'll be right you learn that from us there are also you gonna learn it from mobile and for a lot of day a hello George yes how are you all right how are you two things I I kind of I questioned judge in the 13 year old as an adult I'm not gonna kick the dead horse and say why but the thing about it that's really getting on my nerves with this kid and it kind of froze read the notation out the window I think I'm not trying to be an expert that this kid is in complete denial he did it on purpose he's lying and saying it was an accident if he could face up to it and said yeah I was mad I did it on purpose I think he would be getting maybe more of a credibility of getting some rehabilitation because you can't go to rehabilitation and denial of what you did okay but understandably you you can't really expect that he was gonna say yeah I shot this guy now I mean he's saying a lot of things that are ridiculous on the face of it like it was an accident and this whole thing where it was his favorite teacher yeah right boy did they just pull that out of their ass or what is my favorite teacher that sounds good that's gonna sound good on the stand if I say it was my favorite teacher yeah you know he's even he's just lying about what happened and that gets done but how often does that happen we don't have the kind of justice system that even encourages people to do that well often does that happen where people take responsibility for their own actions and say yeah you know what I was pissed off I blew the guy away right also another thing you got to be 18 known hands on right I don't know I think I don't know what the floor it allows and in a can you have to be 14 let's put this away you're definitely a minor if you're 13 for a gun yeah okay let's say this kid went on the street and he bought a handgun from a guy bought a stone handgun on the street for 100 bucks yeah 13 year old takes the gun and he shoots and kills somebody and they catch him for it they say okay we're gonna try you as an adult now they find out who the guy was who sold him the gun can they try that guy so already on it's what the You're big. I don't know if you're asking me anything. No. Yes dear. Yes, you know what? Oh, can you? Can you get me so near? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes dear. Oh yeah. Oh. Oh, right here. Oh, I'll move you like. I'll hit me. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I'll be like hit. Move me, wait. Move me, wait. Move me, wait. Oh my god. Oh, oh. Oh. Let's see, now I'll hit me. Oh, move me, move me. I'll move this. Move me, move me. Now, move me. Move it up a little more. I'll move higher. All right, I'll get it. There Oh yeah, that's it. Yeah, it's it What do you know it's all right? Here's the total Oh, there it is There it is That's it That's it Yeah That's it Oh, okay Yeah Oh Oh There you go Oh All right, you ready Ready for one Let's go again Oh for the love of god um 80 years old Oh Oh Oh Oh, sorry, we're just too busy sitting here laughing No, that's one of those no matter how many times you hear it It's so good like the bag pipes Who are those guys those are the same guys to do the bag pipes No, I know that you like the item Don't know it's on the disc somewhere here I don't know The guy who does caffeine leaves her great Yes, doesn't even just go to the John Rocker's psychiatry That's them also I don't know where they are like a kid Not them in put them in a little room like rumple stilts Can you know and have bokeh Brian forced them to crank out a comedy bits 12 12 12 12 I should say on qa I don't forget to join Joe Castello this Saturday from noon to two at bj's Whole sale club in Tedbroke pines Joe Miguel and one of the beautiful qa mqtis We'll be at 1,3,700 pines bullvard with great proth with prizes And food and great food from Atlantic City subs That's this Saturday noon till two bj's whole sale club 1370 pines bullvard way out west in the swamp Stop by say hi, google the girl you know the routine Here's a mobile in bokeh hello George, yes Yeah, enjoy your show. Hope someday you get your own me too I haven't heard too much talk about renews family And it's His children, you know what is like for them I don't hear too many greeting arch for them Right I had unfortunately lots of nann and uncle in a car accident many years ago But I do remember How it's still to this day The sonality of it and the fact that you know one day the here the next There are very hard to rationalize So I can't imagine what it would be like When these people have to face another birthday or holiday And know that this kid I really think is going to get off I don't think you're going to do much time I tend to agree with you as far as I know The jury actually has the option of Convicting him of different things Like first or second or something like that Is that correct? Yeah, I think so, but you know my gut feeling because it seems like our society We just don't care, we just don't say well You know there must be a reason that he did it so we're going to let him off And it just doesn't seem like we care about who gets killed Or what happens to the victims anymore We always have a reason to rationalize why the person did it That's why it's happening so much so often And again, they don't think about what about the message that it's sending to the rest of us It's in that class all of the kids in that school all of the kids in school everywhere If the message that we send to them is blow your teacher away It's a good way to get help for your problems That's exactly right, you know, and I don't If the people would say, if I am I kind of have to agree with that Because how well so we're going to stop that Right, I agree Public to play You can enjoy your show I enjoy your show too Here's a liberty city, hello George, yes Hey, how you doing? Hi, don't you? I'm going to say something that might seem a little contrary to what you've been saying But try to get to just a point saying Okay, I perfectly agree that he should be sentenced according to adult guidelines and all that But the thing is that the aren't we sort of Sort of looking aside or putting aside the fact that This society is so insane with violence Yeah, not to rationalize or justify him But shouldn't we be thinking, take him a good look at that too Because sure, but sir, let me let me ask you something I have a point in human history Have we not been violent? Was it when we were cavemen that we were nice to each other? Was it when the Roman legions were conquering the world And and destroying villages and killing people? Was it when the Gothen the Vigas, the Vigas were swarming through Europe? Killing at what point in human history were we non-violent? At no point, but I think it didn't go as young with the kids today Why do you say that? Why would you say that? I opened up a National Geographic and I see 12 year old Indonesian kids with the AK-47s Because they're still fighting a war over there Leading armies, exactly I saw that it's Joe obviously saw the same issue Right, but here it's why human history In England, they used to hang children for stealing an apple If a peasant child stole an apple off an apple cart They would hang this starving child But is it that a far cry from kids walking in the schools that they came for? The other word I'm saying is that what point we've always had violence We've always had violent people and we've always thought to deal with them one way or another I don't see the difference between now and then The only difference between us now and those people That is that we've got more technology now But humans are still the same as they ever were We're still violent Children are still doing aberrant things they always have Well I think these video games are so... Oh yeah, let's get rid of the video game No, no, no, I'm just saying they're making the video game producer Or making a mentor Sir, you know Sir, before we had video games, were kids all nice and safe And they don't have anything bad Well, no They were that they have video games during the Crusades and the Spanish and Quisition when the church was torturing people to death for believing in something else Or was there excuse? Were they raised with violent television and video games? They were raised on the Bible They were... they were... they was not a fact the Bible was the material The catalyst for what they were doing During the family and in this country during the Salem Witch Tlaws When we hung people for witchcraft, were they really witches sir? No, I said no No, no, they weren't, but because they were taking the Bible literally They put people to death because of what the Bible said to do with witches So shouldn't we get rid of the Bible because I think that's a very negative influence on our society It causes people to kill other people But isn't it strange how kids today are killing for them And really know we don't... When it's different when was it different sir? Well, you're saying that there was at least some ostensible We know what we have now We have mass media now If somebody happens on the other side of the world Right now we'll know about it within an hour That's the only thing that's different now than then Is all kinds of crazy barbaric things were always happening And yes, children and teenagers were part of what was going on And doing crazy barbaric aberrant things It's just that we weren't really good at finding out about it Because if it happened on the other side of the mountain The only people that knew about it were the people that lived on the other side of the mountain So you think this kind of violence will always exist I hope that we will take steps as a society to become a lesson-less violent culture But so I don't know what's going to happen in the future Punishable guilty is the only way to measure your gun That's a good idea It's yeah, exactly We go back to what I said yesterday Let's try the revolutionary new concepts of separating the good people from the bad people Parmanently Not you get to go into the refrigerator for a little while then come back at us After you've all after you're all rested and better educated And after you've worked out with some weights on our money by the way We're going to let you back out now you're better than you were before it. Yeah a better criminal Mobile and Daniel hello Hey, how are you doing man? All right, how are you? Good. Thanks First of all, let me say I admire your patience for In dealing with somebody like that who obviously has clueless Well, I want to give people the opportunity to stay there point of view. Thank you. My, I, I admire your patience. The problem here is that our system of what passes for justice is of the lawyer, I don't know, it is and for the lawyers. It has nothing to do with what the right outcome should be. It has to do with what is going to be the most lucrative outcome for the attorneys involved And this includes the judges because without this perverse system of justice that we have The judges would actually have to go out and work for a living So we're going to make a lecture. Are you familiar with the origin of the term defamation? No. Okay. Defamed to take someone's fame away to do the honor of the lawyer. Not defamation. Defamation. Oh no. Okay. The origin of the term defamation. Roman generals, when faced with a difficult fight, would take their troops and line them up and count off their men. And every ten men, the other soldiers would have to kill him. And decimate decimating ten and ten. Oh, very good. In Latin. This is what we need to do. What you have to ask? Well, the two on T.way. I'm, I was going to ask you to call Eric, but I'll just say it because he might be listening. I can't find the Ted Cousinsky song in this machine here. And I could have sworn that I put it in. Ted, he Ted Cousinsky, King of the Wild Frontiers. Since we're talking about killers and murderers and crazy people, and all of these things. So you want to know which best of meals and the benefit of one of the best of meals. Hey, some taricinos are here. He knows all. He knows everything. All right. He's a bottomless pit of knowledge. He's on the clock. Someone's packed. Thank you very much for this, by the way. Frank and the Fort Lauderdalegust. The possible verdict that the jury could come back with. Nine women, three men, Palm Beach County, Dury Continues, deliberations. Yeah, six charges. Convict it one of six charges. This is a, I hate the jury system and I hate this kind of a system. Also. Do you know what I mean? Like, leaving the, what? He did something. The trial should be about what he did. Not what we're going to call it. Do you know what I mean? Just anyway first degree murder with a firearm. The charge carries mandatory life sentence without parole. Second your be murder. With a firearm the charge carries a sentence of 22 years to life In prison, third degree murder with a firearm under the state Sentencing guidelines. The charge carries up to 15 years in prison. Man slaughter with a firearm the charges. The charge carries up to 15 years in prison. Agrevated battery with a firearm charge carries up to 15 years in prison. in prison, I've ever made a default with the fire on the charge carries up to five years in prison. And then it goes into the finer details of what's what. And I think the guy that called earlier is correct. I think this jury's going to come after deliberating for a long time and I don't believe that we're going to get an answer today. They're going to come up with some sort of a compromise, which I hate. Here's a mobile and less palm, hello. Hey, George. Hey. Did the challenge of something real quick? Absolutely. Well, you want them. The homeless people have hit West Palm Beach. Oh, boy, do you last you? You know what? Mesmeric Love's company sir. If anyone can clash this organization, the snooty blue hairs of West Palm can do it. The funny thing about it is now you got a homeless voice bomb and a regular bomb on every street corner and they're like battling for turf granits hilarious. Well, the good news is going to be the Orange Amoeba is going to assimilate the non-concept I've seen it happen locally and you're going to see it over there too. Who's going to have a part of Bums? Apparently there's these organized Bums will make more money for themselves than the disorganized Bums. So you're going to see nothing but orange shirts inside of two weeks time. Oh no. Get off fire. Got a shirt out with you. Thank you. I feel much better now. Knowing that it isn't just happening to my wonderful little town of Hollywood. Medley, hello. George, there's been two incidents related as far as one African American, you know, a female juvenile getting ready for a, or could be a life sentence. And now, another African American one, American was dead because he officers try to apprehend him. Well, they did apprehend him. Well, but he died. So he died in an African American, he's a Haitian. Okay. He was a Haitian. He created some type of problem in the society. Maybe. As far as riots, maybe, or you think that's why I don't know. It depends on what comes of it. It depends on how, you know, they have to investigate why the guy died. There's, there's a lot of things that we don't know because we weren't there. So somebody's going to have to like a, like a corner, there's going to have to be an autopsy. We need to find out why this guy died. What about bringing back the, a little bit more. He ran away, bringing back the what? Cook us, plan. Okay. You were, you were right the first time. The clue-clutch plan is what he said. Here's a lady in a mobile and call sprays. Hey, do I tell you, you don't? Great. How are you? Good. Okay. What? One of the things, say. First of all, um, take your time. Okay. But that thing that guy was talking about with how young the people are nowadays. Yeah. It's not nowadays. Yeah. Well, I mean, does he realize though that years and years and years ago, that people died a lot younger? Right. Right. Now there, I mean, whoa, I mean, people who were like 20 when they were dying. You know, so sure. They were younger. And people were, I mean, we had child labor in this country. We had child labor on the farms and the old country, whatever old country we happen to come from. Everybody was considered to be, you know, worked age as soon as they could walk practically. Right. And also, I've like, three- And by the way, people were getting married at 14 and 15 and everything. Everything was younger than. It's not a new thing. And you want to do what now? And also, well, a couple more things. But the other thing, I totally agree with you, the technology. I mean, I'm 20 seconds in the end. I could see huge difference between me and my 13-year-old niece. And the big difference is technology, the fact that the information that's amazing, that they are all gone. Now, we have a news organization in every patient, little country in the world. I read the story yesterday about the monkey man in India. You know, we never would have gotten that story before electronic medium. Somebody facts to to me, no less. Or, I have somebody facts to add. I haven't been he brought it into me. Right. And also, the big thing with the kid is a couple things about is, what are then? I don't, did you get to watch any of it at all when he was on the stand? Yeah, well, they kept showing the highlights over it again. Right. Well, the thing that I kind of noticed, I watched basically the whole thing of him talking, was when his lawyer was talking to him. And I'm sure you heard this study, federal, and all the questions. Sure. Sure. When he was asking, and I always found it, and said, all of the memorial thing, I went to go look for cookies, and I found this. Yeah. You know, fire, why did you take it? And his whole reason first was the fact that he, every summer, whatever would go with his, go to his aunts and uncles and the Carolines whoever was. And they would shoot. First of all, he didn't remember any of their names. And if you're going up there for the first time, first of all, we, I can evolve. And then they asked him when, when home, and also he didn't tell, you know, he didn't tell anybody, and they said, why, and he said, well, because they would see a set of books. First of all, he knew at that point it was wrong. Second of all, when he went home the day that, you know, they sent him home, he went, and he picked up the gun, and they said, why? He said, I don't know, it's one too. That's like an uprising. Yeah. I just wanted to. That's like a Bible's answer for creation because of that God sets up. Yeah. So I mean, what happened? Yeah. People would be happy for that, you know, be watching for me because I'm going to make a big, you know, I'm going to make a big statement. I'm going to make a splash. Right. And when he said that, I was like, oh, he could, you know, maybe he did a good, but he got this album. It's good reason just because I wanted to because I wanted to have it. It's a whole reason. Just because. Just because. The first place was for the summer. Right. And I'm saying, and that's of make sense. And also, you know, I think with people in jail, so like that, I think he needs to bring back alcohol, trash, to go to bad people. Yeah. And go away the work and that is it. Okay. How a great day, George. You too. That's true. The Australians will love that. Yeah. Hi. Here's all the people. Oh, we got enough problems. We got enough issues over here. Oh, I already cute something else up because I had the perfect, of course. Why can't I find this thing? Oh, here we go. I think I might buy these. Yeah, they have all those problems over there all the time. But we have an island off the coast somewhere that's just scrubby. Got to be. I guess Catalina Island is kind of a sizeable island off the California coast, but it's. I reckon nice relatively nice. What about those islands in the, uh, the South Pacific where we tested nuclear weapons and now they're uninhabitable because of the radiation. Okay. Or like Easter Island, which is out in the middle of nowhere. Yeah. We don't want to give them the, uh, the blue-footed boobies though. Or, uh, a loose in islands in Alaska. The chain of islands there. Right. Yeah, no, the boobies are gone. We'll ship in new boobies. Oh. Here's a mobile and Miami lakes. Hey, George. How are you? Howdy. Howdy, don't. Fine. Two points. Number one, we're all sitting in fighting or discussing this. His name is Bill Kase. Yeah. Because we decided to try them like an adult, which I happened to agree with. How did he have me decided to try them like a child? He wouldn't be discussing his prison term. But since he being tried like an adult, he should face the problem. By the way, if we had decided to try him as a child, you better believe that we'd be discussing it. Because a lot of people like myself would be outraged. Once we've decided to try him like an adult, then he should face the punishment that an adult's going to face. Right. And if we don't, and if we, if we continue to, then to young kids, you'll have these 12 and 13 year old kids shooting everywhere. Every day. Number one, number two, as you were talking about institutional revenge. Tim, Tim, a thing of the day is a tremendous example. Right. And we're talking about that. What's wrong with that? No, no, no, no. Let me finish. Okay. I'm very proud, capital punishment. Tim and Tim would vague. He wants to die. He says, I don't want to sit and jail. I want to. I think he's having second thoughts right now. Well, I think that was just a big, you know, brief speech. What do you knew that there was nothing that he was going to be able to do about it? We have to stop. We keep talking about constitutional rights. Humanitarian rights. One someone has done a heinous crime. They've lost their rights. Right. They've gone against the authority. They've gone against the authority. No, sorry. We've gone against the people because we don't know because remember, everyone's guilt is in question until they've been convicted. Well, they're. Once they are convicted, then that's it. Your rights are gone. You forfeit it. We're going to make mistakes in society. I mean, life is all based on statistics. So, yeah, they, they say, well, what if someone is innocent? Those mistakes we're going to make. That's why we were supposed to have a good justice system dedicated to finding out the truth, not a high school debate between two lawyers, which is what it amounts to. His who can put on the best show for a bunch of untrained goofballs called the jury. That's not a basis for a justice system. It needs to be a deep and thorough investigation of the truth and an exercise in getting to. Frontier. But what is it? 12 18 5 60 W Q AM. Well, we went into the break. We had a whole bunch of calls on the board. But now we just have one in ILE and that's probably a crank, according to Joe. 5 670 5 60 in date and Broward County's pound five 60 on Verizon wireless. 877 75 63 45 on toll free line. Let's go rid of this call. Then I can play some of that gin white. I was talking about yesterday. Oh, cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. I'm funny. Hello. Yeah, boy. That was funny. Q AM hello. I'm sorry. I got this. Okay. What happened? All right. Let's try it again. Hello. Yeah. George. Yeah. It's going on. No, I'm just killing a radio show. I can't. Just killing it. I'm going to die. Hey, this is you need to see a doc managed to fix. I need to do what? I think a doctor. A physician. I see a doctor. Yeah. I'm going to be a doctor. Uh-huh. Okay. Good day. All right. Here we go again. They waited until 1.30 yesterday. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile Miami. Oh, yes. Hey. I even hate to bring this up. I mean, get into a capital punishment. What I don't give. You don't give a crap about the. The fact that the people are being killed. Of course I do. That's a different. Well, that's it. No, not going to be a different issue. Why are you getting all squirrely? Yeah. I get a squirrely. It's not a different issue. Someone. We got people are being convicted wrongly. Proving by DNA evidence. I was on it. Are being sentenced to death that aren't filthy. But why would you want to support something that. What's doing it? It's a different issue because what we need to do is we need to have a good justice system. I was just talking about it. I'm going to hang up on your squirrely. Yellen can't have a conversation ass. Wasn't I call him and collected? Let him talk. And every time I try to face something, he went all. You know, wiggy on me. He doesn't want to have. Doesn't want to have a rational discussion. We need a good justice system. Like I just got done saying before the last break. Dedicated to finding out the reality of what happened as opposed to just two different sides seeing who can do the best job. Like the Lindbergh baby, railroading people through. That's incredibly wrong. I think it's only slightly less wrong to lock people up for a majority of their life and then let them out with nothing but a pat on the ass and ten bucks, which is what they get if their conviction is ever overturned. And now you've got a real pissed off person out on the street that feels like society just stuck it to them. And they've got nothing for all the years that they've spent in prison. And they're real pissed off. I know I would be. Is there any doubt that Tim McVeigh blew up that building? Of course not. He admitted it. Is there any doubt that Nathaniel Brazil blew that teacher away? Of course not. He admitted it. We need to have a justice system dedicated to finding out the truth and then dealing with people appropriately once we do. I don't know what's worse. Waste in your life rotting away in prison or getting executed. I guess getting executed is worse because at some point if they if they find out that you didn't do it they can let you out. Oh my bad. Off you go. But that is a separate issue. We need to have good trials a good justice system. That's different. It's a trial. Figuring out whether somebody actually did something or not. Finding out whether or not they're guilty. And then we punished them appropriately. But because we have a crappy justice system therefore let's not punish any body. That sounds like a good idea. Because our justice system is full of crap because it's just a high school debate between two lawyers. Where with loophole here and plea bargain there and procedural impropriety over here and stack in the deck with the jury over there. And all these elements that have nothing to do with the facts at hand. Did this person kill that person or didn't they? Did they rob that banker? And you've got all these other things that have nothing to do with that that come into play. So therefore because our justice system is screwed up and worthless practically. Let's just not punish anybody. As a matter of fact we could say a whole lot of money by just doing away with the justice system because according to that last caller, you know, let's just not kill anybody because we might be putting you know we might be killing the wrong person. Well we might be putting the wrong person in prison where they're going to be raped every day of their life for the next 50 years or whatever. We might make the wrong person do this. We might make the wrong person do that. So therefore let's just save all of the money on all of the prisons and all of the trials and all of the judges and the whole thing. Think of all the savings that we'll have. Let's just and and every man for himself takes a line to your own hands. Let's just do that because we might put the wrong person in jail or we might put the wrong person to death. Mobile in Fort Launderede, a hello. Hello, Joey, how are you doing today? Great sir, how are you? Fine. I just wanted to comment on your issue about how you feel murderers should be taken away. No murder. My mother happened to be here. The criminals taken away. But he tried to rape her and she happened to have a night handy and she said them in the night. That's not a murderer. That's not murder. Well under your term. No, it is not. Why would you say that? I never said that people who defend themselves are murderers. Why would you put words in my mouth like that? Why would you put words in my mouth like that? Not putting words in your mouth. You are. I never said any such thing or anything like it. You said someone that murdered. She wasn't. She's not a murderer. I never said your mother was a murderer. When did I say your mother was a murderer? I didn't say you said my mother. You did say the other I said you said did I said that. As whole. What point did I say that people defending their lives from an assailant? I know. Why would you? I was John. I'm provoking him. I'm going. You're made up story. Made up story. Just trying to get my goat. Sorry. It works for even a bit. It's true. It has nothing to do with what we're talking about. We're talking to do with this discussion. P.N. Fendi. P.N. P.N. P.N. O.M. Miami Springs. Hello. I don't eat long. Miami. Hello. That's the same Julio Faggot. Miami Springs. Hello. I'm sorry. Just Miami. Hello. Hello. Here's another one. Hello, George. Yes. I just call. I'm a little nervous. The first thing I call it. I'm a little nervous. I like to read that. This guy Brazil was suspended with St. Hull from school. He thought he was throwing a walk at the loom. Yes. How old is your daughter, George? 12. Let's say she was throwing a walk at the loom. And the school sent her home all by herself. They don't not parents our home. They don't know. That's a good thing. By the way, that's another issue for another day. Let's discuss the practice of school sending kids home. What did that start? Okay. By all kids. That's wrong. That's wrong. But I think that the center of this whole controversy. The center of this and the woman, 13 year old, on the supervisor. Yeah. That's wrong. By the way, I was coming home. I was a large key kid. From the time I was eight years old. I was walking home from school and letting myself in the house. There was nobody else getting home until the evening until after. But it's not a shadow about it. Okay. It's alright, George. But anyway, I think that's an issue that should be looked at. Right. I agree. But that still no excuse for him murdering anybody. Okay. I agree. Okay. This thing will put in people on the island because they committed some acts against society. Yeah. You know, using your big lane. Me who will be on that island right now. Why? Because of something you did. I really wanted to say. He's never going to anything. No. I remember seeing his number passed it all over all over the Miami-Hero. Yeah. Do you remember what for for a chance of charge? I'm not sure. I remember. I remember. Sir. We shouldn't. Okay. Let me. Let me. Let me tell you something. To compare what the trumped up charge that they that they railroaded the old man with. To murder your your I read. Ridiculous person. You're ridiculous to the point of bad science fiction. As if what Neil was accused of and what P. We Herman did was it. And the same ballpark like people should be going to jail for doing something that that's what the place is there for and it's not even I know I know. I know people are bringing the most ridiculous elements and deploy. You realize of course and and I know you do and since you're there. You know, this is something you can't do like I do and get on it. I don't deserve everything that is wrong is suddenly like he's right. He's just sent the kid the out into the street right. He should be the officer whatever everybody else is fault. What does that have to do with the exact one or thing I was roaming the streets like I said from the age of eight plus no parental supervision until mommy got home. You know, whatever the hell she got home and as far as what he says about Neil. Oh, please. Just right there. Yeah. Yeah. It's ridiculous. I just want to be the voice of the voice of the sanity. I know. I know. I got. Do you see the matching one on the other side? I see it. I got a pair right here. Look. 2741560 WQIM Jason Miller that it's 62 playwright and actor. I didn't know he was the playwright but apparently he was father Jamie and charis in the horror movie The Exercise. I was saving this like out this yesterday and I was saving it for Neil. So then we did want to talk about it today and play things like. What is it? Please. I'm afraid. So yeah. Yeah. See it's new version. The creepy faces. The creepy faces didn't do much for me. Her coming down the stairs backwards. Did. See that didn't do anything. Raise the hackles on my neck. That was like I think the eyes didn't like that. But anyway, you know, we'll, we'll, we'll stulse and beer in the park and a lot of a little bit later for Jason Miller. A.K.A. Father Damian. Father. That one. Yeah. How for no longer boy. No. I'm a cat in court. Anyway, 5.670516, Dave and Broward, Palantine, 60 and Verizon Wireless 877-785-6345 is the toll free number every year. Here's that in true. Hello. Yeah. Clear boy. Nigger is died. Is that it? You're done. You're a queer boy and nigger is that what you're saying? And. My name is hello. Hello. Yes. And my name is. Okay. How about a mobile in my name, hello. Yeah, hello. Yeah. Hi. I'm from the jury. I'd like to ask you a question. Uh-huh. I don't understand the situation with like guns. And I'm saying like, well, you know, you're asked by gun everything with this shooting and the teaching everything that. First thing would be served is the government's fans all kinds of guns. That's that's funny. Are you, are you serious? I am serious. And how, I mean, have you really thought that through? All right. We wake up tomorrow. Guns are illegal. Are illegal. Now what? Now we go. We go house to house. We go house to house and do house. Sir, we do we go house to house and do a house to house search for people's guns and confiscate their guns. Is that what you're saying? They do census. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And how many guns do you own? Is that was, was that one of the questions on the census? How many do I own? Was that one of the questions on the census? No, but I'm sharing that. They go to door to door. Yeah. You're going to go to door. They go door to door. Do you have a gun in your house? No. Then what? Then what? Hello. Idiot. More on. Not only would that not work anywhere. But in some places, I mean, how would you like to have that job? Join us on you tomorrow, Tanna. Where everybody from the age of 14 up at least has one or several guns. I'm just using that as an example because I used to live there. It could have been any, you know, Midwestern rural area. Hi. I'm here to take your gun. No, you're not. I'm here to take yours. Thanks for the free gun that you have under your, I mean, talk about madness and insanity. The genius out of the bottle. You're not going to take anyone's gun away. Not anyone's gun. Not a one. Not one gun. Are you going to get off the street? Too late for that. This country was born out of the wild, wild, west mentality. The best we can do is figure out how to deal with them, educate kids about them, how dangerous they are, that they're not to be tripled with. And then separate the people who use them responsibly from our midst. And hopefully we can introduce some legislation about, you know, keeping the guns out of the hands of criminals and background checks and waiting periods and things like that. Hopefully we can do something like that. But even that's a struggle. We can't even get, get it together to do that. And you want to go door to door and say, hi gun collectors. Yeah, I got a gun here to see it. Look down the barrel of it. West and hello. George. Yeah. Oh, my goodness gracious. I can't believe that guy was for real. That's why I kept asking him. Are you serious? Are you for real? Oh, man. I heard you're a big whack hitting that. Yeah, I got a door. I got a back door here for you to go on this website. You have to listen now. It's a fairly long one. But it's going to give it out on the ear. Why don't I put you out of the give it to Joe? Give it to Joe. Okay. Well, that's what I asked him. And he said, I thought I couldn't pop you. But okay. Why, he doesn't want to. For some reason. I don't want him to give the back door out on the ear. Okay. Well, well, I mean, I mean, I mean, you know, what you have to, you know what you have to join if you go to the, if you go to their website. Oh, the number. But then though, you if you go, if you go on the back door, you can free. And what it is, it's not that big of deal. Well, just to let you know, I, I didn't even give it a thought. One way or another until, you know, my experience. Because we were experienced. We had a child. My experience was very, so we had a child. So obviously, you can infer what you will. We went through that process. And it was a very fun time for me. So I don't really want to see pictures of it and fantasize. Are you not going to see pictures of it? You just, you just see like constant women just. Yeah, I don't want to see pictures anymore. I want, I want to, I want to re-subscribe to the, to the, to the, the late, say, of the month club or something. Well, you could. Because there is a, there is a thing in here also. And it also shows you all about movies. And what it is is what they do is they, they give you 12 live feeds. And every feed, it's up to you to like every 25 seconds. And you just constantly do that. And you just want to, I don't want to see those. I want to film them. I want to be, I want to be, like I said before on a previous show. I want to join the, the La Leche League as a lactation consultant. I didn't know that such a job existed, but I discovered it on the Discovery Health channel. Here's a great place also for you. There's a place in Las Vegas called the Green Door. Okay. And it's probably one of the, one of the top hottest, it's next to the Red Rooster, which is a, not, which is the top hot swing club of the, uh, uh, animal Las Vegas. And, uh, one of the places do promote fennishes in there. And they do have it upstairs. But you have to do with a couple of those to the, Oh, okay. And, uh, and it is upstairs, what it does, that's, that's the Green Door upstairs. Okay. Well, thanks for the tip on what I got. I'm just going to wait around, uh, I don't know. I don't think that's ever going to happen again. Stradly. Mobile and Fort La Leche, hello. Yeah, George. Yes. I heard you comment a little bit about the little while ago about, uh, sending the folks to the islands. Yeah. I saw my ass somewhere. He eluted islands. And I live in Fort La Leche, I'll know. You've been there? That's Robert. Yeah. We wouldn't want those baboons. I mean, 25 years. We've never had a murder. Okay. Last murder. Tell me, come on. Some of those islands have to be just scrubby with nothing on them, but like, you know, maybe an occasional seal or a sea lion. Well, we're from the, I'm from the Biggest City in the, and there's, there's a couple of shimmy away out the end. Used to be a military base they closed. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. But the rest of the allusions is actually pretty nice if you ever get a chance to go there. Okay. No, I'd love to. That's on my list of things to do is go up to Vancouver. You know, because I understand that they're very tolerant over there. And then hop a boat and take a tour of Alaska. I was actually a police officer up there. Now the police officer here in Fort La Leche. Oh, I'm so sorry. He went from one extreme to the other. He went from that one direction to the world. It's like that I'm going back. Okay. I don't blame you. You're a beautiful country from everyone. Everything that I've seen just pictures obviously and everyone that I talk to. Here's the mobile and cyber near hello. Good afternoon, George. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good. Thank you. You know, part of the big problem is country. A lot of people don't pay attention to and realize it. The whole system we have has screwed up in the fact that the prosecution usually goes overboard to, I know for first and experience they exaggerate lies, do whatever they have. And I said, it's a high school debate. It's a matter of like if you if you win you get some brownie payments at the lawyer wins. He gets some brownie points. He gets to charge more later on. That's not shouldn't be the basis for justice. I know it's again. Here's a football. Right. The first year of the football and the lawyers come up with them. You know, I play. Every every side is doing whatever they can. The one side is trumping up whatever charges they can and lying. And fabricating evidence and the other side is lying. And you're doing new polls and patting the jury box with the right, you know, with with ass suckers that are going to vote their way. And nothing to do with justice with the pursuit of the truth. I mean, if they get out to the point where the lawyer is there just to make sure you're not getting screwed over. That's what it's supposed to be. But it doesn't work. And the prosecutor's supposed to be getting to the facts of the matter. But no. And they don't. They don't. It's to get their careers are online. Sure. The score card. It's how many wins. Another issue. Another issue I've been thinking about because you always talk about pot. But I've been smoking since 57. Uh, in anybody, I know how. Think so. I've been 27. Go ahead. No. I know how it became illegal. But can anybody really tell me the God's arm is too wide. It's illegal. I mean, it's only mad. Ten. So 1, 5, 60, WQAM watching a little bit of dark angel wants night to kid likes it. So, you know, overflowed into it. Yeah, I don't like it. Um, and I'm just an heat now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because there's, there's genetically engineered. So, I guess, whatever. It's like they're stealing from Star Trek with a Spock thing. But every season, all these magazines, I'm looking through the people. They got pictures of her here. She's on the hot 100 list of, maximum and everything. And people are calling up. Remember when we had, when we did the hot women list here on the show? Somebody called up. Yeah. After serious consideration and looking at all the different pictures. And that show. I don't like her. That's what I've come up with. Her face is just way too girly, cherry-bick. You know, in the face, she's got that baby face. Doesn't do it for me. I don't like her. So, everybody can go as nutty as you want about Jessica Alba. Not for me. I'll take a pass on that. The first time in my life that I looked at, you know, someone who was of age and said, Good. It's nasty. Too young. Yeah. No, Paso. It's because of the look of her face. That baby face. It's not attracted to me. So, there you go. I just thought it'd mention that in Paso. Because I just came upon her picture again and everybody's all. Hyper. You know, that's, that's Suaan from the HBO special. Oh, yeah. A little Suaan man. I can't wait for her to turn. Nine. Mobile and Miramar. Hello. Hello. George. Yes. Hey, how you doing? All right. Hey, yeah. The darkings are trying to watch the last night. Yeah. Yeah. Just don't do them for no. No. Listen, the one movie that comes to mind is, what is it? Excite from the work of the film. Yeah. We were talking about that yesterday. We were talking about it yesterday. That's an excellent idea, except instead of just giving them supplies, I'm thinking about an island where they can actually have some agriculture where they can have like a little self-sustaining kind of a farm. And the people will have to work or starve. Yeah. I mean, you didn't have an accent, exactly. We're doing an admission in the movie, but they are telling each other off too. They're killing each other off, but I'm not. I'm not completely heartless. I believe in giving them a second chance away from us. You know what I'm saying? Like, you deserve a second chance, but what we're not going to do is trust you ever again to be with us. Yeah. I mean, you're saying about a second chance, the look of the guy doesn't have a second chance. Right. But the place that they're going to be sent isn't going to be pleasant. You understand. And I would be like, what's this name? Fried McQueen and that movie with Dustin Hoppin, when he put him on that island? Oh, Papillon. Yeah. Papillon. That's an excellent example. They had their little garden and their little work farm and fresh guillain. I know. That's an excellent idea. I wonder if that out of the click. He broke up. I wonder if that island is still available. And by the way, talk about a justice system that I can get behind as far as the punishment. Do you remember that one was last time you saw it? Oh, I. Years. Late of titties, it's always good to see it all over again. One of the first thing that happens when they get there, the new prisoners get there. What, what event are they saving up to put on a show for the new arrivals? Guilotine. Guilotine show. They line them up right off the boat. They march them right in front of the guillotine. And the first speech is, here's what happens to people who don't cooperate. Oh, shunk. And while this guy's all struggling, and it was actually very, very uncomfortable chilling because the guy is spazzing out and he's resisting and they're wrestling him and they stick his head in the blocks there and bring the block down on his head to hold him steady. He's still squirming. Ah, I don't come ahead off, chunk. Now we'll talk to you about what we expect of you. After you saw what happens to people who let us down, who make problems of themselves while they're here. You made a problem of yourself on the outside, out amongst society. So they set you here for us to deal with you. Let us show you what we're going to do with you from this point on if you give us any grief. An excellent system. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami, yes. I want you to pick up a set or talk to me before about getting rid of guns. I'm just saying to can't be knocked. Right. That's what I saw. Not here, not here, not now. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Can you hear me now? I can hear you. All right. I'm not proposing getting rid of guns. You're never getting rid of guns. But let's face it. We can't get rid of ammo. If there is no ammo. Yeah, that's hysterical. Yeah. That's a laugh riot. Mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, George. Hey, how are you? How are you? I'll see you coming along. He's coming along fine. Good. One is home number. No, I just listened to a story today, buddy. He's been trying to be a wife. He's feeling much better. I am trying to be a wife. Okay. Don't be a wife. I'm doing great. Listen, I think that the promise we're having with the judicial system is that it's totally disbalanced. And you basically have a free ticket out any time you can write for us offence. Right. I have a problem. Help me. I have a problem with that. Yeah, me too. What happens is that you have a bunch of psychologists and psychiatrists walking around today just to find everything that people do. Absolutely right. And then what happens? You know, and this is what I think every time I see the picture on the news of our guy and the family he left behind. What are you going to tell those people? You know, that's exactly right. That's exactly the point. I agree with you wholeheartedly. I agree with you because I think it's totally ridiculous. That's number one. Number two, if you've got the money, you're out. Right. And that's it. And by the way, that's the way it's always been. We're supposed to be different here. This experiment that we created over here called America is not supposed to favor the wealthy, but guess what it does. It does. We need to fix that. Listen, I'm running around today with a couple of buddies of mine that I've turned on to your show. Okay. If you're able to find the backpipes. I can put it on. If you can play those. Not I'll do the bag pipes that prison bitch. Okay, buddy. Prison bitches too long. All right. Thank you. You got you got it. Bag pipes. I actually haven't heard it in a long time. You were in my smart mouth. You were this much. It's been more as it met you were a little worried. I want to see the website. Yep. Lady on a mobile and mirror more. Hello. Hey. How are you doing? Great. How are you? Good. I just want to do. I comment on a judicial system. It's like in this country. You've got to pay for justice. Right. You know, I mean, it's a man or created evil. Right. But I got the money. You get you have to pay to get justice to this country. I think it's pretty sad. It is sad. I thought we fought a revolution so that, you know, rich and wealthy aristocrats didn't run rough shot over the rest of us. Exactly. I mean, if I'm everything to cleaning up your credit reports, right? You know, murder. If you got money, you're going to get more justice than somebody who does it. That's right. And that's pathetic. And this is America. And it shouldn't be like that. It shouldn't be money is supposed to get you luxury items. Better food, better housing, a nicer car. Take it to shows. It shouldn't be able to buy you justice or or exceptions to the law, etc. And so it should also not be able to buy you political power. But it does. Exactly. I'm going to kiss you. But it's maybe 1-04560 WQAM5-6705-60. Powered by 60 on AT&T wireless and the toll free everywhere else line is 87775-635-445. Don't forget, Jim Mandage will be in for Hank Goldberg today. At six o'clock, we're talking hardball with Warren Crow Marty. And at 630, Santa Mattax, Marlon's on deck at 705, it's the Giants in the Marlon's followed by Ed Kaplan. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. George. Yeah. Um, this law that they disapproved last week about the Sully Marlon for medical use. The Supreme Court ruling, yes. Um, how they're just going to, I mean, what can they get through their head? This stuff is never going to go away. They can't. And they won't. And that's the kind of world that we live in. We have a lot of laws that don't make any sense whatsoever. Um, and we just have to keep fighting. We have to put the right people in the right places to eventually let all my little make this a nice place. What about, um, the Taiwan trade that we're doing? Where does that mean? What kind of weapons are we going to give them? Uh, lots like like, like shit-royers, destroyers, anti-aircraft defense of kind of weapons that they can not defend themselves from the evil Chinese. So why are we doing this sport? I mean, why are we giving them? Because we're, we're, because we're good guys. We're nice people and we don't want to see that little island overrun by a bunch of comedy bastards. Do you think the states have been getting the softest in years? Do I think the what now? The states, United States. So we've been getting soft getting soft. Yeah. I'm on what, soft how. I mean, like I'm in my early 20s. I mean, this has been growing up. I mean, I've always had the idea of US dominant, you know, mean. My heart, you're very military. I don't think we're as tough as we used to be, but that we don't need to be either. We're still the biggest thing. You know, there are always peaks and valleys in our strength. So why do we like catch like a, That's it every time we hear like the Chinese want to get picked up because we're trading with, Which I want to tell them what, what does it have against us? Because they have nooks and they have an army that's four times the size of ours. I mean, I've heard, when we can't, we can't possibly feel that army the size that they can't. I've heard one time you were saying that they had how many nukes do they have? Oh, like 19. I mean, is that proven fact? Yeah. I mean, you know, they're not hiding anything else. We don't. We don't. But we never will. All right. Thank you. I'd like to think that RSB and RS is better than theirs, but we have no way of knowing that either. We're a mess. But what are you going to do? And the fact that is most, The fact that they're evil and we're not, They have bad intentions as far as working, sir. And people will say, well, how do we know our judge is a right? Because they're ours. Because we don't know because we live here. That's why we want to thrive. No, we might not be on the moral high plane, but we live here. Stop Miami, hello. Hey, happy birthday to your wife. Uh-huh. How do you know? Hello? And your queer? You are. You wish I was. That's him again, by the way. Your friend just called and tried to get you off the hook, but too late for that, by the way. Mobile and plantation. Hey, George, how are you doing today? All right, how are you? Ladies, college are really trying to attack you today. Just the same three punks. You've got these three gay guys that are obsessed with homosexuality. And that's all they do all day long is, you know, And nothing else better to do that with homosexuality. They call Neil because they want to talk to another gay man and they're trying to suck me into their little clump. Literally. Literally the way you put it. Hey, about that college that said he wanted a good door to door. Asking a gun. Yeah, I'm here doing your gun now. Well, don't you think they had enough problems with the citrus guys going door to door? They will get the citrus guys were getting shot. And that was over a tree. Right. Right. Hey, George, keep it up. You have a great chef. Take it easy. Unbelievable. Water, hello. Hey, George. Hi there. Hey, John. Just another example for your idea of sending them all the way to an island. There's the movie Rayley Oda called North Cape. I think. Yeah, how was that? Because I never got around to see that. It was pretty good. It wasn't bad. It was like a B movie type, but it wasn't bad. I like B movies. Yeah, it was pretty good. They had a good example that said everybody away and they had a armed helicopter to shoot to down if you tried to escape type of thing. Okay. That's pretty wasn't bad. There you go. Sounds like a plan. Yeah, right. If you take care. Okay. And we'll give them agricultural tools and things like that. So that they can feed themselves. But I don't want to just feed the money. Just keep dropping shipments of things. Calls brings a lot. Hey, George. Hey, John. All right, how are you? Thank you. Thank you. If you can play self-sicking. No, I don't think about it. Was that it? That's not the other guy at least had material. He's had a conversation. No, I'm not going to. By the way, here's the poll results for right now. At what age should you be held responsible for your actions? 13 is running away with it, by the way. 54 votes so far out of 188. That's 28.7%. 12 is in second place with 28 votes. 16 is in third place with 22 votes. 7, which was the lowest number we had on there has 21 as does 10. So I voted for 10. Nice number. You can teach that to the children. You hold up this many hands. See this many? That's how old you have to be before we're going to hold you responsible for your crap. Before you are a criminal and not someone who needs help. Then we have 15 votes for 18. 9 votes for 15. 8 votes for 14. 4 for 8. 3 for 11. And then 1 each for 9.17 and 19. I don't know if this makes any sense to me at all. I can understand the 13. 13, the first year of your teenage. That's one of a lot of people think you're an adolescent. I guess 13. Or do you think that they're voting for 13 because that's not the same. You'll have to be one he committed to describe. Do you think there's a tie in there? In many cultures 13 is where you become an adult. Okay. Isn't that right? And we're about to choose. I think that. I don't know. Your man now. Open the door and ask one. Anybody that you see in the closet will be able to answer that question. Hey, you. My name. Hello. Anybody on the hall. George. Hey. Let's talk a minute about the kid that just called from New Jersey about getting rid of the guns and you said that that couldn't be done. Right. Well, I agree that that can happen. You'll never get all the guns. But let's face it. If you've got absolutely no ammo, if you get rid of the ammo. The view code again. Is this your second call? Yeah. Yeah. Why would you be so ridiculous? Where do people? I mean, I didn't answer him and just hung up and didn't continue the conversation because it's ridiculous on the face of it. Because whatever you make illegal will become underground contraband. Because whatever you make like for example drugs are illegal. We don't have any drugs in this country, do we, since after all, they're illegal. Whatever it is that you want someone will provide it for you. You'll give them the money and then you'll have it. Laws do nothing to prevent people from doing something that they feel they have the right to do. Like smoking drugs or firing off a gun. For example, if you feel you have the right to do it, you're going to do it. And the law is not going to deter you at all. What is this guy going to propose? Shut down all the ammo plants in the United States. Okay. The ammo will come from overseas and it'll come from whoever wants to make a profit. And people, just like they run drugs and just like we've had gun runners in the past, running guns over the borders. We've had Bible runners running Bibles into the old Soviet Union, which was against the law, Renegade missionaries, snuggling Bibles, and somebody's going to get the ammo to the people who want it. You're not going to get rid of anything. My insane friend. 11 on 560. WQA, yeah. Looking for a mortgage, you want to refinance your home. Want a great rate rate. And call the financial group an 809-4-0 land. They offer. And proud of it. 117 on 560. WQA, M5-6705-60 is the number to call in date or a proud. 2560 on Verizon Wireless 877-785-635-45. Everywhere else. So you didn't see the room jump and then on the phone watching the background on this date. She's a born again Christian and he's Jewish, but his mother was well-breed with any creed. Which I think I was funny. So talk about a, I wish I could listen. As they help the same. That's just a quick moment. Conditions to blind date. She opened up with it right away. Which makes her a typical born again Christian. By the way. She just, she just opened right up with it and started it on that. And I'm sure that goes over really well with the Jewish people when, when basically you come right out and say, if you don't believe in Jesus as your personal Savior, you're, you're nothing, your worthless, your life is nothing, no matter how good you are. You're going to burn and hell God hates you. She just said that the Jews killed Jesus. Right to him. Well, it's the known fact I thought. Here's Cole, it's free, hello. Hi George. Did a trial going on Atlanta this right after your alley. It involves a strip club to pro athlete. Red dome. The mob in the FBI. Do you hear about this? No. This club is a jerk. This club sent strippers to the next camp in South Carolina. They performed a lesbian act and then they did the next. Do you hear about this? No. Okay. The game being no crime family involved. And the witness is a good guy. Patrick Ewing, Dennis Rodman, to Reld Davis at the Broncos, Jamal Anderson at the South, and then John Gotti's son. It sounds like a joke. I'm waiting for the punch line. Did you see it? And then the rabbi comes in and says, not without my umbrella. What do you know? It's a bit too much. It's a bit too much. It's a bit too much. Okay. It just sounds great. Can't wait to out the tune it in. She's wearing leopard print. Spaghetti string top, this born again Christian. No bra leopard print. Clevd's show it. Just saying. Here's Cole's brings a low. George, can I point out that the folks are Davis? The Pope forgave who. The Jews. He said it wasn't our fault. Oh, okay. You're off the hook. Okay. Try to get out. Just want to say to the Pope. Try to get about it. We're not man. Forget about it. All right. Can I ask you one other question, George? You know, I'm a schizophrenic relationship. But you when you talk about his role, I hate you. Otherwise I'd love you. Well, I love you too. All right. What are you going? I want you to bring me back something. But my question, my. Hello. Hello. My question is George. You're such a bright guy. Why don't you become a citizen so you can. I'm looking on it. Lawyers working on it. I'm going to do it. All right. I don't have to be a hypocrite anymore. All right. Thanks a lot. The wife was not asking me about it last night. You doing? I'm doing it. Because I'm lazy. I'm a lazy flug. I don't want to get into it. Like everybody's on my case. The family, especially. Nobody, you know what? He bugs me about more than the family. Don't waste your breath on us. You've said this before. All right. Yeah. I'll over it. I'm a man without a country. Is that all right? Can I just be a floater? Lady and Miami. Hello. Hi. I want to ask you to do about the soprano. Okay. Did you watch it on Sunday night? Of course. Okay. The end here. Why did they show that guy? Showed us it right. And it's kind of, it didn't make a whole lot of sense to me. The only thing that I can, it's going to make sure they like jump out and try to kill him or something. Something like that. But we don't, we don't, I don't think that's over with. First of all, because she's crazy. And you know, and crazy people make no sense. They do things that make no sense. And I think that she's going to. But what I think that they're trying to say and again, I'm not real happy with the ending of it is, like, here he goes back to his normal life. Like he just pulled out a gun and threatened this woman with murder and now it's business as usual back to picking up butter for his wife or whatever. It's like life goes on. All right. I was just wondering if anybody thought. I don't know. That's, that's the best I can do. I could be wrong. But we, you know, we just can't figure it out. It was bizarre. Thank you. All right. That was very nice. Not like see. I understood the previous weeks with the mayonnaise mayonnaise because they do the symbolic thing on that show. It's, it's art. What they're doing on that show. When they're riding back in the car, I'll quiet. And nobody's saying anything and just probably won't, you know, you know, his hairs all messed up. And everything and Tony looks out of him in the mirror and Tony's pissed. You can tell Tony's pissed, of course. And Paul, he's got mayonnaise on his chin from the sand, which is he got mayonnaise on your chin. Huh? That even watches, huh? Like some sort of a dumb shit. He goes, may you need mayonnaise and he pointed it with his middle finger. He like flipped them off. I think that was a blmmermen, man. Mobile in West Palm, hello. Yeah. Hey, George. I did the one. All right. How are you, sir? Good. Thanks man. I got a serious, I'd like it to comment on. It's a, how idealism and culture, how it affects the evolution. And possibly blueprint recessive genes for crime and other things. Wow, that's heavy. What do you think about that? You lost me a blueprint. Well, as far as we said, the gengo is even alcohol is in received the data. Oh, the addictive personality is genetic. Yes. All right. The tendency to be addicted. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, there are people. I know people that are addicted to, for a TV show, a game and activity. They can't stop doing an activity. Do you know what I go CD? Yeah. Right. And go from one addiction to another, for example, the people that quit smoking gain weight. They need to do something. They go overboard with one thing. Then they go overboard with another thing. Like, I don't know if you've heard because we were just talking about board again, Christians. Former alcoholics who are fanatics. Like, they have assessed with alcohol and now they have assessed with Jesus. They can't just be moderate. They have to take everything to the extreme. That's an unsure alcoholics. They're just an addictive person. We extend that fact into other areas such as. Why not? Why not? Okay. Well, I just want to bring that point across. Okay. And when you don't even have to stay with genetics, scumbags have children who are usually grow up to be scumbags. If you want to say it's genetic, okay. They inherited the scumbag gene. But then there's the cultural thing. When I call from what just within that family group, scumbags don't usually make good parents. And children who didn't have good parents usually, or at least, in my case, some sort of a positive adult role model, usually grow up to be pieces of crap. So even if it isn't genetic, the fact that you're, you were raised by scumb, you're scumb. This week's News Week, which I just got. He covers says, why are holding it now? What makes people go wrong? Well, big red evil thinger. I was going to read it last night, but I didn't think I was doing the show today, so I played computer games instead. Oh, my bad. So I can't wait to read it. What game? I really wasn't. Oh, count around. You gave me a magazine. The internet. There you go. Great porn sites. So, Lady and Paul Beach, hello. Hi, George. Hi. Do you want to go job as usual? Why thank you. Um, I have a point for that. Genius for kind up about the ammo. Uh-huh. Um, yeah, exactly. I obviously am from the top, but by my accent and my father's a little scary, but he had a machine to make his own. Oh, we're watching with Joe during the break. He said, what about the people who make their own ammo? I said, my brother-law, who I just saw and had a wonderful weekend with a North Carolina make his own dear ammo. Not only that, because he's just reloading, understand he's buying ingredients for the box shot and stuff. Right. And reloading ammo. Um, but then you, I know other people who are black powder hunters who mold their own musket balls and yes, they're own powder out of the wrong ingredients, which are ordinary household items. Yeah. You know, um, what is it? Salt, Peter, and charcoal. And, uh, and what else am I missing? Oh, sulfur. Yeah. For salt, Peter and charcoal. There you go. Black powder. Yeah. And not only that. But it's like a bullet moldy. There's a mold, right? We've, I've molded bullets. I've done that. Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, just, uh, just, uh, good point with that. 130 on QA. I remember that, uh, the guy, the old guy that, it was down here, I think. He was old when they let him out. His crime when they put him in was he, uh, kidnapped, raped and cut the arms off of this girl and left her for dead. But you know, I can't, I can't even imagine that. I mean, this chick's walking around with, uh, you know, with fake arms. And they left the old guy out. And he made a B-line to the nearest prostitute and killed her. After, like, 50 years in jail or something like that. Proving my case again. Every time, every time he turned on the news, there's somebody proving my case again. I don't believe that there's a cure. And I don't care if there is a cure for people who, uh, and heard other people. And for the Jamaican guy that was calling, I'm talking about people who hurt other people. By putting their hands on them or their things. The laws real simple. There are three laws in Georgia's world. You can't touch nobody. You can't touch their stuff. And you have to tell the truth in matters of business. You can't lie to you and steal. That's it. Those are the laws, right there. Touch no one. Touch no one's stuff. If you're doing business. Legal stuff, contract stuff. Money's changing hands. You're trading a horse for a cart or whatever. You have to tell the truth. You can't say that the horse has three years old. If it's 15. You can't say that the cars never been in Iraq when it was. What am I leaving out? Not a lot. Not a lot. I mean, whatever. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I don't know if I'm going to get something. I'll later in the show when Tony gets home at the end of the show. She's not wearing that ring. I did not know that. He asked her where is the ring. I said, I think the ring is about the guy driving away in the catty. I said, she phoned his wife and we just didn't see this. He went in the after. That's what I think happened. We were showing you the ring. He got home where the ring is not there. They didn't see anything about it. I don't think he asked her. The car sales. No, definitely no. I don't think that happened. He said, I've got to do it the ring. I think Carmilla took the ring off. She said it's a statement. She felt guilty about it because what's her name pointed to it. She took a shot in the car that I thought Carmilla was going to be a bitch about. You remember it's like, it must be nice to have a man to take care of you. Meaning you're a whore. You get your money from your husband. Yeah. You're a ring off. You're right. You're right. I don't think so. But, but all of us, please. Sure. Listen to your request. I'm going to play it. All right. That's right up my alley. I'll think about it. I'll open a hole up. All right. How are you? I got a ferry about the soprano. Yeah. That's your early? Absolutely. My wife kind of loop warm on it. But then this year she really hated it. I mean we're happy, you know, beat the stripper to death and then lots of things. Yeah. Well that's a lot of things. That's all good. See, the thing is, I didn't, I wasn't watching it from the beginning. And Boca Brian, bless his heart. I love him dearly. Give me the entire first episode on video. Okay. And usually it's me getting dragged by her to watch something that I don't want to watch. Like gone with a wind or something like that. And I have to admit, yeah. Okay. It was good. But in this case, it was me. I'm like, oh, she's like, mom, series and a, and no honey. Everybody, you got to stay here and watch it. I've watched all your crap. And with, you know, with limited success. So you have to watch this with me. And she was hooked from the very first episode. And then luckily, we had like, imagine this. The whole series on tape. So we just watched it in one sitting all the way through. Okay. Well, let me say this. Your wife is exceptional. And unusual. I think in her taste, this is her. I don't know. She's, she's like, she's into those high brown movies. Okay. Well, most of my friends, wives, do not like the soprano. So what I think is happening, listen, the real quick is that I think this is a Pono's know that. Like, friends, it's the one of the woods. I love that episode. My wife hated it. I think, wow. We've got to know about that. That was great. I thought I thought it was the best thing I've ever seen. I think last week's episode was all about the producers and directors thinking we want to get back that women's. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? I've been for the right. Check out the soda was, Car Miller and her pay. I'm wondering about it. No question. She's having to wrestle with her demons. Exactly. They're going back for their trying to bring I think the women back in who have found the seeds and the little tasteful. I really think that's what it is. That's, I think you're right. Okay. Later on. Mobile in Miami, hello. Short? Yes. How are you doing? Great. How are you? I'm about to soprano. I'm about to soprano. I think that that scene at the end where he'd leave it in a scar. I think I was two things. I think one there, which is what he said. They're just showing that he's just picking the guy doing a regular job and that's not a big deal for. Right. So, it's a dreading someone to kill him. And then the other thing was, I think the writers are just screwing with the audience in the sort of season. Oh, they're just trying to get us to talk about them like this. Yeah. And I think also, but the real cool storyline was Jackie Afriel. And he was all stamped. Yeah. And he how stupid he is to think that he could get away with it. He's so stupid. And he's going to be, where they show him with his buddies. Let's make the call. And then they get sidetracked watching the movie with Sarah Stowe. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're totally part of the part. Oh, yeah. They're stupid idiotic cranked up hooks. It's a great, great, great joke. That's all. Tony. When he's talking around. Yeah. He's got a rouse comes in and rouse the sink. And he's going to let Jackie try and get her try to flee the state. Yeah. That's fine. Tony wants to take the guilt off his back for stealing the bill. I got that right away. Tony's like, oh, hey, so now this is right. Ralphie leaves and he's going to kill him. Yeah. Ralphie that's what was important about Ralphie leaves and he's like looking up and he's sawing exasperated like, oh, Tony put it all on him. He put it all on me. It's like, oh, what's your call? You're the captain. You're called. But Tony. But that's that. No, no, no, you're called. And that's not what Ralphie wanted to hear. He's going to go with girlfriend. And he basically says he's laying the groundwork that, you know, let's hope for the bath and he's not too far gone and he's in the drug. Yep. So that he's taking it off his back. Sure. It's a great show. I can't wait for the finale and next season. All right. That's it there later on. But I hope Furio gets a hold of Jackie. Dude, we they tease us with Furio. I'm not sure that must be enough. You've got to be on a you hat. Wait, wait. Do I have that in here? What do I have in here? Oh, here we go. It'll be the f***ing game. Here's a mobile and west palm. Hello. Sure, sure. Great. How are you? Good. Hey, the thing that turned the ring was simple. When was she went to the priest to preach the same way to give up things and he was looking right at her ring. Oh, they're giving up all the money. Remember? They all the perfect stuff. Like the pre-American camera room. Thanks, Jackie. Then when the girl says the two of them, she's like, oh, no, no, I'm just going to do it. Yeah. That's why it's going to get there. Okay. And did you also notice that when he came in, what was she reading? So real estate books, then it paid attention to that. No, I did not. Oh, she's reading a book about taking a real estate exam. She was in the middle of it. I need to have a group. We need to have a title to come on me on Monday. Yeah. Yeah. Straighten you bad guys. Hey, you finally got the part about what's his name? Matthew, right? Is that absolutely just showing you that's work? I don't know. I know I don't for work. What can I get to know? I'm going to show you this job in the office. Just punched out, honey. What can I bring home? One request if possible. Drugs on the down from New York and he's never heard prison bitch. Oh, for $20. He prison bitch. It's for freaking minutes. What? 21 till 21, 560. WQA. If you need new footwear, run over and get you some quality comfortable shoes at new balance. Miami. I've been telling you about them for a long time. A new bag. Okay. 14 till 2560. WQA. Don't forget to join Joe Castello. This Saturday from New to 2 at BJ's wholesale club in Pembroke Pines, Joe Miguel and One of the beautiful QAMQQDs will be there at 1,3,700 Pines Boulevard with great prizes. Sorry. I thought I could get through it that time. Food from Atlantic Water. No, the last one. The great prizes. Those QAZs are really, really, really great. They're in demand. Food from Atlantic City Subway. I remakes the difference. And that's this Saturday of New until 2 BJ's wholesale club. 1,3,700 Pines Boulevard. How about a lady in Boka? George? Yes. Hi. Great. So I love talking about the soprano's God. Oh, yeah. It's really one of the groups. We could have a group. We could have a club. I'm telling you. The piano is the discussion group. Yeah. It would be great. It's really one of the few television shows that are decent. The rest of it. You know, news is great, but this is phenomenal. Well, HBO is, and now they've sucked me into their America under cover because they've had three good ones in a row. So I really am looking forward to Sunday night. Now I was discussing with another caller on a previous show. Sunday night, she used to be really a bummer. Remember way back when all you had was the wonderful world of Disney? And it was usually some squirrel movie where the guy was narrating the antics of a, or a chipmunk in a squirrel. There was nothing. And then you had wild kingdom and Lawrence. Yeah, yeah. Well, I'm not much of a TV watcher at all, but it's not to now Sunday night. It's like you got some sense and you got the sopranos and the America under cover. I just, I clear my slate so that I can enjoy it. It's awesome. Well, I want to talk about the sopranos. Okay. It's absolutely probably the best show ever. And yes, for females too. For a story, so far, it's a name. It's a exotic show, absolutely. But the ring was symbolic of her entire life. And at what cost and the kind of tug of war that she has with herself of, you know, her standard of living. And at what pricey pays for it. You've got that with 15 minutes. That's so much to have. Exactly. And the fact that she took it off. And she was reading a real estate book after having all of that conversation about Hillary Clinton. And should you stand by your man? Right. Or she's trying to justify her continued existence. Well, what's the real estate book to me? And the ring off was symbolic of her going to leave Tony. You think of the last episode she got to leave Tony? No, not the last. Next season. Yep. That's going to be heavy. If that happens. Well, you know, she wants to have a normal life in that, you know, she just kind of wants to bake cookies and that kind of ring. And have that, you know, because they're she was sitting there reading her real estate book. Yes, I bake cookies for the church. And I forget what the exact line that the priest used, but essentially he told her to accentuate the positive and eliminate the negative. That kind of stay on the positive ground. If we get about all the rest of it, it didn't seem like she took to that really well. No, but, but, you know, that's also like covering up. Yeah. Well, exactly. Yeah, she is not going to do that. She is going to be come this independent woman. And I don't think she's going to stand by her man. Okay. All right. I'll say you were right on the air. If it happens that way. Okay. Bye bye. Yeah, we could do a whole just talking to Piano as all day long. And I'd be just fine by that. Mobile report, louder, day, hello. Hey, good afternoon, Georgia. Hey, how are you? I'm talking in here. Hey, I kind of seen you know, a little bit later, and I caught a couple of things that you were talking in reference to people once they feel and stuff like that. And tell me if I'm wrong, but were you basically saying that if somebody was the feel for the rest of existence for that person, they basically are always going to be known as a thief. And there is no where we have the location for that person. As far as I'm concerned. Okay. As far as you're concerned. Okay. I was just wondering if I just, I'm tired. I'm tired of coddling criminals. I'm tired of of second chances. If everyone gets a second chance, that means we all get one free crime, right? Well, in a sense, that's a great way to look at it. I can all be right. So we haven't even committed our first crime nor would we because you know what? Because it's wrong and we know it's wrong and therefore we wouldn't do it. But everybody else gets a second chance of third chance of fourth chance. I mean, screw that. That's correct. Just on my own experience, I could tell you when I was a younger person at the age of 19, I committed a crime. I went away to prison. I served a year in prison. Now I have gotten out of prison. It's been over 11 years and now myself. I have my master's degree from Nova University. I have a college degree. I worked for a great company show as far as for myself. Yeah, it did take me the one time to learn. But the one time. I really got kicked in my ass. I went away to school for, I mean, I went away. It's prison for a whole year. Now how many of your prison peers do you think of? You have that in common with. Maybe 2%. Maybe 1%. I'm not going to tell you that. I don't think you're right. You can start to bears out exactly where you raped. Where you raped by the way, Joe wants to know where you raped. Joe, I was in rape, man. I mean, yeah. No one wants to know. Hey, that's for us. I want to know. We see we watch Oz. So that's all we think about. You know, they don't rape. Well, that's just like saying you actually support us and saying that every Italian family is out there is a massive, massive, massive, massive, in game. It's okay. I've got to have you talk to me about the, yeah, by his own admission. And that's my point. I'm not saying that every, you know, that nobody can be rehabilitated. But what percentage? One to two percent according to this guy. And that's, that's about right. That's about my estimate. Eight till two. You, fuck, peace. That's one of my thoughts. Fuck, peace. I'm going to bokeh. Okay. Some of us are already there. Like Nathaniel Brazil, other of us, Paul. Anyway, there are the reassembling everybody. They have reached the verdict. We're going to find out according to them within 15 minutes. Probably more like 10 minutes from now. And I wish I was the program director for a day. And, or I would, and because I would for, is very socially conscious when it comes to cool stuff. Okay. Well, I mean, I'm not going to make the call. I think, you know, in quarrying minds, want to know what the resolution is going to be to this case. It's the hottest heaviest thing going on right now. Last time I checked. What about, you know, let me see, Aliens gone. The citrus canker thing has been resolved sort of, what am I missing? I'm sure they found that cutty guy. What age a grenade had to know hitter of the other day? Who? Exactly. So we're going to find out. Everybody's, everybody's in place. I'm all, Raren to, to put the audio on and let it go. But I'm not the PD and I can't make this call. And I have a feeling that, you know, if you have any seconds to show is going to end and nobody in our audience is going to find out what happened here. I'm absolutely positive. I have, I, I, I, I have to know. I can't care those guys will cover it. Well, they have the ability to put television audio on on their board. Yes, if they don't, then we do. We'll go to, it's not going to happen before the, the Ken Maldon sports news update. So why don't I just end the show and if they want to carry, we'll hang around. And if Mad Dog wants to DJ the audio from court TV for this thing and then do the show he can. And if they want to forget about it, they can forget about it. I watched my hands like punches pilot of the whole thing here comes the judge. The judge is sitting down. Well, they got a dish in there, just like we do. They have all the same capabilities we do. It's welcome. Before we get started, no, he's going to do a hornop. He's going to make a big, oh, oh, long speech. Anyway, Jim manages on right now in place of Hank Goldberg. If you shoot a three goal talking hardball with Warren Crow Marty shows starts at six o'clock right after the Mad Dog at six thirty since dramatic Marlins on deck. Yes. Are you a little early? I've got exactly two. I've got 158. Oh, dude. What happened to the clock up here? Why is it two minutes fast? I don't know. The clock over here on the computer and my watch say 158. Like I said, I got two more minutes. And working on this case, the everyone involved in this case. I expect everyone to act as ladies. Yeah, yeah. That there be absolutely no disruption in the courtroom. Yeah. All right. We're here as the jurors. Join us. And here they come. We have a jury of twenty marching music. Oh, we're going to stay with him. We just got clearance. Accuents. It's the right thing. jury entering. Boy, this is like. They don't, you know, they could be more organized about this. What do you think? Roller skates for the jury. How about like, you know, the roll top down is killing the drama. I'm filling the time. filling the silence. We could play, we could play in filler music. And honor of our father, Damian. This is kind of 10. 10 feet of thick. There's no fabulous. You've wild eyes. Well, would you ever go and see it, please? Please, gentlemen. I understand that you reached a verdict. If you would kindly hand it to Deputy Cascone. Yes. Yes. Who are all, how can you post upon Council and for the parties and the Senate to please stand while the verdict is being read and the scouts is going to be totally positive. Yes. I'd expect a report of the district's capture to hold first-click for men to visit an informed convict County Florida. Case members, 010, 086, 385, BSAO2, Division B, State of Florida, versus McDaniel Brazil defendant. Product we the jury find as follows. As to count why we find a defendant guilty of second degree or over the fire on the left or inclutter defense as contained in the... Yes. That's a good word. Two we find a defendant guilty of aggravated assault with a firearm as charged in the indictment. We find a defendant for the best or carried of firearm in committing aggravated assault and it's marked. So say we all have a 16th day of May 2001, West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County Florida, and it's signed by the for prison Mr. Senate. Okay, second degree murder, a chair is a sentence of 22 years to life, which I guess they're going to have to deal with. Anyway, that's it. Rover, he's guilty. The field Roger show on 560 WQAM Miami front waterdale. I'm gonna have to do the 21 Jim and it's up next from the hammer. I'm 10 Maldon with the 2A and Sports Headlines. Marlage Giants, Guadalguin tonight at the pro-fist.